{"city": "chennai", "code": "11693130", "title": "Three held for Chitlapakkam killing", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Monday arrested two people in Chitlapakkam for the murder of Pachaimuthu of Selaiyur on Friday. Sakthivel, Anbu and Mohan, who confessed to killing Pachaimuthu, a fish vendor, due to previous enmity were later remanded in judicial custody.Police said Pachaimuthu, a resident of Muthumariamman Koil Street in Selaiyur near Tambaram, often mediated in fights between his sister Sarala and her husband Ramachandran, an autorickshaw driver of Chitalapakkam. On Friday, Sakthivel and his friends took Pachaimuthu in an auto from Selaiyur, saying they wanted him to mediate in another quarrel between Ramachandran and Sarala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11696381", "title": "Filmfare\u2019s top 10 \u2018priceless\u2019 moments", "text": "The Indian nine yards make a comeback on the red carpet at Filmfare 2012At Filmfare, while stars competed to hold the lady in black, the ladies on the red carpet vied for paparazzi attention. Like every year, Bollywood divas tried to grab eyeballs with their stylised gowns and designer ensembles while walking down to the venue. Though many maintained the long flowing gowns trend, the 2012 red carpet saw a return of the Indian nine yards. Mumbai Mirror lists out the women who caught our attention - for better or for worse...Filmfare's top 10 'priceless' moments10 Rekha grabbed many eyeballs as always on the red carpet. Sadly for them, the diva did not wait to pose or talk to anybody.09 Grabbing every possible interval as an opportunity to smoke, Rockstar director Imtiaz Ali kept flitting in and out of the venue with a cigarette in his hand.08 AR Rahman who had let go an Indi-German concert to be at the award did not waste too much time after grabbing the black lady for his compositions in Rockstar. In fact, Rahman headed for the door directly from the stage and did not even return to his seat.07 SRK and Ranbir on stage discussed the Khans and the Kapoors of Bollywood. While they were on the topic, Ranbir mentioned how SRK's KKR cheerleaders should dance for the Kapoors for a change and know how it is to be on the winning side.06 Bipasha, when asked about her date, pulled her friend who she had come with and quipped, \"She is my date.\" Interestingly, like lovebirds, the two were colour co-ordinated.05 SRK announced Deepika Padukone's performance and when Ranbir refused to get off stage, pulled him aside saying, \"Gone are the days when Deepika used to dance for you.\" 04 Another SRK-ism: The Khan raving about Kareena and her 'hotness' quotient tells Ranbir that it is his bad luck he is Bebo's brother.03 For the first time in her 42-year-long playback career, Usha Uthup won her first Filmfare for the Darling song from 7 Khoon Maaf. And when she went on stage to receive it, the singer couldn't hold back her tears.02 Last time he performed at Filmfare, he had the late Kishore Kumar for company. After several decades, Bappida returned to the Filmfare stage with Priyanka Chopra and his Ooh La La song.01 Two consecutive seats had the same celebrity name: Vidya Balan . Now that's how 'big' a name she has become after The Dirty Picture.Also Check:  Filmfare Awards 2011 Winners", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11692876", "title": "Anna's condition stable, test reports awaited: Doctors", "text": "GURGAON: Ailing anti-corruption campaigner Anna Hazare spent his second day under medical observation at Medanta Hospital on Monday. Hospital staff have declared that Hazare's condition is stable. However, doctors remained reticent about the cause of his illness, saying that they were awaiting further results.\"Although a few test results are awaited, Anna is in a stable condition,\" said a medical representative at Medanta. Hazare was admitted to the hospital on Sunday afternoon for a comprehensive diagnostic check-up after he complained of breathlessness, cough, persistent back-ache and swelling all over his body.Once he's discharged, Hazare will head to Bangalore for a naturopathy treatment. \"Hazare will be discharged as soon as the investigations are complete and doctors consider him fit,\" said Dr A K Dubey. A team of doctors, led by the managing director of Medanta, Naresh Trehan and the head of cardiology, R R Kasliwal, are attending to Hazare.It was reported that Hazare's symptoms may be the result of a high antibiotic dosage administered to him while he was being treated for acute bronchitis earlier this month.India Against Corruption , the volunteer organization central to the Jan Lokpal movement, also held a prayer meet near the hospital on Monday evening. \"We are expecting a good crowd tonight. After praying for Anna's recovery, we will hold a candlelight march till the gates of the hospital,\" said Ramesh, an IAC member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kharagpur", "code": "11693383", "title": "Allies bicker over Kharagpur civic body", "text": "KHARAGPUR: The war of words between Trinamool Congress and Congress now threatens to dislodge the Kharagpur Municipality board where the ruling alliance is in power.Congress has withdrawn support, reducing Trinamool to a minority in the 35-member board. Trinamool threatened on Monday that if the Congress stuck to its guns, they would follow suit in the 18 municipalities in the state where Congress is in power with Trinamool support.The issue, which has been simmering since Friday, almost reached a flashpoint on Monday with Trinamool daring Congress to dislodge them from the municipality. Municipality chairman Johor Pal refused to step down, saying he was ready to face a no-confidence move.\"They (the Congress members) have reached an understanding with CPM councillors. I have been nominated (to this post) by none other than Mamata Banerjee and will quit only if she desires so. The 19-month-old board has been working in a transparent manner and will continue to do so,\" fumed Pal. Senior Trinamool leader Debasish Chowdhury threatened: \"If they withdraw support here, we will do so across the state.\"The Congress members alleged corruption by the board as the reason behind withdrawing support. They have been bolstered by the reported defection of two CPM councillors - Venkat Ramnath (ward 13) and B Murli Rao (ward 15) - and Independent councillor Satya Deo Sharma (ward 19), which took their tally to 15. This is on a par with Trinamool's strength of 14 councillors along with an Independent in their ranks. The absence of a clear majority - with CPM (1), CPI (3), BJP (1) accounting for the other wards - is for the moment stopping Congress for pushing for the no-confidence motion.Congress councillor Rabi Shankar Pandey said they have not yet decided on the no-confidence motion. He admitted that the party's move was a local unit decision. \"We didn't want any truck with a corrupt regime. Tractors are being purchased with sanction, electrical equipment are being bought for more than their printed price, Rs 14 lakh is being spent on a boundary wall around a vacant field, to name a few,\" Pandey alleged. However, the snapping point came after a board meeting on September 23 where wards under Congress were allegedly allocated less funds compared to those by Trinamool. The meeting's resolution , which Congress refused to sign, was given consent by the three CPI councillors. Pandey said they had protested against it to the West Midnapore DM and the state government.It still remains to be seen to what extent the local Congress will go.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "11693321", "title": "A jumbo graduation", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: A 48-day rejuvenation camp for temple elephants in Tamil Nadu concluded on Monday, at Theppakadu in the Mudumalai Tiger Reserve (MTR) in the Nilgiris.The camp was held as per recommendations made by the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments Department followed by a government order. About 37 elephants from various temples in the state, all female except for one, participated in the camp which began on December 13. Although there are 45 elephants that reside in state temples, a few were ailing and thus could not make it for the camp, inaugurated by M.S.M. Anandhan, HR&CE; minister on December 14.According to N Kalaivanan, forest veterinary doctor, the elephants seem to be much healthier after the camp. \"The mahouts have been trained to take good care of the elephants,\" he said. None of the jumbos had any health problems during the camp, he added. A team of 5 doctors from the forest department and animal husbandry department was deployed for round the clock medical care. The weight of the animals was monitored. They were made to exercise daily and were fed nutritious food including ayurvedic supplements.\"Our temple elephant Madhuravalli weighed about 4020 kgs when the camp started. She has now gained 150 kgs and looks very healthy,\" said R Ravindhran, a mahout from Madurai Kudal Azhagar Thirukoil. According to K Lakshmanan, another mahout from Madurai Meenakshi Temple, the temple elephant, Parvathi, aged around 14, weighed around 4000 kgs when she came to the camp and now she has put on 200 kgs. The animals are made to walk about 10 km each day, he added.Of the 37 elephants, only 3 are new to the camp. Vellaiyammal, aged 62 years, from Thanjavur temple is the oldest among the participants. The youngest, about 5 years old, is from Azhagar Koil in Madurai. The jumbos were fed two meals a day, 150 kgs each meal, apart from green fodder.The camp was conducted by the HR&CE; department at the cost of Rs.37 lakh including the expenses incurred for the mahouts. Camps were also conducted for 25 tamed forest elephants in Theppakadu and 21 in Top Slip during the same period.According to A Ameer Haja, Deputy Director, MTR and Mukurthi National Park, the elephants were provided with Chavanprash, Liv 52, and multivitamin mix apart from green-gram, ragi, rice and brown sugar. Sugarcane, coconuts and banana were included in the special menu for the jumbos daily.On Monday, a valedictory function was held in which Nilgiris collector Archana Patnaik, forest department and HR &amp; CE officials participated. The elephants will leave for their hometown early Tuesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11693116", "title": "Bukhari communal, Anna violent: Diggy", "text": "VARANASI: Congress leader Digvijaya Singh on Monday attacked the Samajwadi Party for bringing a \"communal\" Shahi Imam of Delhi's Jama Masjid to share a platform \"for petty political gains\" and said Anna Hazare believes in violence.Singh said on Monday that the Shahi Imam, Maulana Ahmed Bukhari, is \"a man of communal temperament\", and that he \"even glorified terror icon Osama bin Laden''.He added, \"Now, SP is deriving political advantage out of its association with Shahi Imam for votes out of sheer political frustration.\"The SP had fielded the son-in-law of Imam Bukhari, who is appealing for votes in favour of SP, said Digvijaya Singh.\"Bukhari, who had issued a fatwa against BJP and Atalji in 2004 after Gujarat riots, is a communal person and Congress has always fought against communal forces,\" he said.Singh also criticized Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev for their anti-Congress stance. \"The Gandhian thinking of Anna Hazare changed after he went close to Sangh and BJP. Today he has turned 'hinsak' (violent) from 'ahinsak' (non-violent),\" he said.Singh also added that Baba Ramdev was teaching wrong yoga. \"How can Baba Ramdev talk about black money when the enforcement directorate served a notice for Rs 100 crore on him?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11692822", "title": "Parking and licensing of food catering vans put MCD and DDA in trouble", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Monday put DDA and MCD on notice over the absence of a coherent policy for parking and licensing of food catering vans in the city.Justice Hima Kohli pulled up both the agencies for \"complete chaos\" and wondered why there is no single-window clearance system in place for van owners to obtain required permissions.Giving a day's time to MCD and DDA to come clear, HC noted, \"There is complete chaos whenever two agencies are involved. Why isn't there a system in place for parking and licensing of the vans, why can't there be a single-window clearance so that people don't have to go to authorities for clearance,\" Kohli said, posting the matter for hearing on Tuesday.HC was hearing a plea by a group of van owners who moved the court challenging the \"arbitrary and unjust\" manner in which they were evicted out by the civic agencies from Dwarka. According to the authorities these vans parked in various sectors of Dwarka were responsible for traffic congestion and caused a parking mess and were therefore shifted. However, the petitioners through advocate Manjit Singh Ahluwalia argued that the civic agencies had no policy to follow with respect to mobile food vans that permitted them to resort to high-handedness.Ahluwalia argued that even though the agencies promised the van owners would be rehabilitated at another site so that they can conduct their business, there was no progress and that they were stranded due to the eviction drive. Explaining the dilemma of the van owners, the petition gave an example of damage being caused to them due to wrangling between the agencies. While the traffic police said it was willing to give them another site, they were first asked to obtain a no-objection certificate from DDA since it owns the land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11694152", "title": "Let your child decide what to eat", "text": "Don't Force-Feed Your Little One. A Child's Body Gives Out Signals On The Nutrients It Requires, Says Nutrition Consultant Rujuta DiwekarMothers who turned up for the Mumbai for Kids' health and nutrition event on Sunday went home a lot relieved after learning that they need not worry about their children's nutrition much. Nutrition consultant Rujuta Diwekar, after all, explained to the group that it is important for them to respect a child's taste buds.Most parents who attended the event had problems with their children's eating patterns. While some were worried about their child's aversion to milk, cheese and ice creams, some complained that their child never felt hungry at all. Diwekar had one solution for the spectrum of problems-let the child decide what to eat.\"Let the child listen to the voice of his or her own stomach,\" said Diwekar. Illustrating her point further, she said that most children are constantly distracted while they eat. Parents either divert children with television or other things to make them eat. \"Parents have to understand that a child has different eating patterns-in various seasons, different times of the day, during exams and during vacations. Thus, there cannot be one set pattern for them.\" Diwekar said that too much emphasis is laid on how much nutrition the child needs. \"Each child's body gives him or her signals on what it needs. The only person who can understand these signals is the child himself,\" she said. Giving an example , she said that a child who has dal chawal in the earliest eating years starts detesting dal after the age of two and wants only rice with ghee or sugar. \"This happens because the body needs amino acid till the age of two, which it gets from the dal. But, thereafter, the body doesn't need any more amino acid so the child stops liking dal. Their tongue tells them what the body needs.\" Another fact that Diwekar emphasized was that children imitate their parents and learn their food habits from them too. So if parents complain that a child eats too much junk, they must first see what they themselves eat. \"Children are introduced to everything they eat by their parents. So if parents are eating junk or if they watch television while eating food, children do the same.\"When a mother said her eight-yearold girl never feels hungry and has to be force-fed , Diwekar said that parents should give a chance to the child to say that he or she is hungry. \"Let the children recognize what hunger is. Their body will tell them if parents don't keep feeding children according to set timings . Until and unless they know when they are hungry, they will not feel like eating,\" she said.One of the mothers complained that her eight-year-old son has only dal, rice and potato bhaji. To this, Diwekar said that the parents should keep their fixation with vegetables out while deciding what the child should eat or involve their children in the process of planning the menu on a weekly basis. \"Parents need to make their child understand what is junk food and what is healthy for them and the choice should then be left on them. Also, children should be made a part of planning what to eat,\" she said adding that when children are let to eat according to their choices, they act more responsibly . So if a child likes sweets, his or her body must need that quick fix of energy to support the physical activities. \"As long as a child's body does not hamper his or her activities and is not a burden to the child, then no matter what shape -skinny , healthy, fat-the child is, he or she is all right. Human beings are born with survival instincts and should be left on their own to fend for their selves,\" said Diwekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "11694218", "title": "Solang ski slopes cry for international events", "text": "MANALI: Despite meeting international class natural resources, the ski slopes of Solang valley near Manali are awaiting government patronage and help to become a global skiing destination.Solang slopes, which remain covered under a thick layer of snow for over five months a year, are as good as Gulmarg and Auli slopes, but the government has still not apparently recognized its potential, sources said. A team from Federation of International Skiing (FIS) had visited and admired the Solang slopes recently and pointed out that the area can hold international competitions. Some local skiing clubs are now trying to highlight its potential, but are unable to do so in the absence of government support, they said.The ski slopes here have polished up many international-level renowned players, who have proved their mettle in competitions around the world. But these sportsmen are upset with the government for not taking interest in improving the facilities here and not attempting to organize international level competitions. Some of them said they are organizing events on their own without support from the government.Roshan Lal, Ludar Chand, Hira Lal, Chuni Lal, Jagdish, Nirmala Devi, Uma, Pushpa, Rajkumar, Kapil Thakur, Vikrant Thakur, Rohit and several other skiers have perfected their skills at Solang slopes and have represented India in winter games in many countries. \"If efforts are made by the government, we can host international winter games here,\" said Kapil Thakur.Ludar Chand said that Solang receives more snow than Auli, where many skiing events are organized. \"Auli has artificial snow making machine. Government is supporting the ski resort and several events there. It looks our ski slopes are only for the entertainment of tourists and newbie,\" he added.Local skiing clubs claim that representatives of FIS had visited Solang following their initiative, with help from Ski Himalayas , a local ski centre. They said they are doing their best to complete the formalities and upgrade it to international standards for getting FIS certification.Kullu MLA Govind Singh Thakur said the state government was trying to promote winter games with all available resources. \"It is our intention to provide international level to Solang ski slopes and we would spare no efforts in this regard,\" he said.National skiing championship in Manali from Feb 5Times News NetworkManali: A four-day national level Alpine Premier League skiing championship is being held on ski slopes of Solang valley from February 5. The event will be organized by Manali-based skiing club, Ski Himalayas, in association with other local skiing clubs.The championship is supported by Himachal Tourism and Atal Bihari Vajpayee Institute of Mountaineering and Allied Sports and would be the first of its kind in the state. Teams from J&K;, Uttarakhand, Narkanda, Delhi, Shimla, Manali, ITBP and Indian Army would participate in the competition, including individual skiers from many other states. The Alpine Premier League would comprise skiing in 14 disciplines, offering cash awards and other incentives.Managing director of Ski Himalayas, Amitabh Sharma, said that a similar event would be organized here annually which would help promote tourism and winter games in the region. \"We are in contact with Federation of International Skiing and hope to host international skiing events in future. Bolloo would be the mascot of this league and free boarding and lodging facilities would be provided to participants,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11692228", "title": "Foreign language can be your passport", "text": "Sixteen-year-old Kriti can fluently converse in French and has already visited France twice, in student exchange programmes organized by her school. \"Knowledge of an additional language comes in handy for studying abroad. It's very scoring too. Also, I get to interact with people from a different culture,\" says the confident Class 11 student.With the world becoming increasingly globalized and international exchange steadily improving, foreign languages are finding many takers among students. \"Learning a foreign language widens horizons, opening up avenues for higher education abroad. Almost all my friends are learning foreign languages. It's becoming more of a requirement than just an additional quality,\" explained Sonal, a Class 9 student.Foreign language training in Delhi is not just about learning the language any more, but also a cultural experience, feel experts. \"The world is flat and countries are economically, socially and politically dependent on one another. In this global era, travelling, exposure and socializing are a must so diversity of cultures has to be celebrated. We have exchange programmes with eight schools in France. Students must hear, learn and interact and not be restricted to classrooms. They must have an idea about the social and political life of other nations as well.\"Knowing a foreign tongue can give you an edge over others while applying for a course overseas. Delhi Public School RK Puram introduced Japanese as a language option five years back. At present, 50 students have enrolled in the course. \"Universities in Japan accept many students from India. It is much easier for those who want to pursue studies there to know the language and familiarize themselves with the culture in advance. We have been conducting student exchange programmes for over a decade. The Japanese Prime Minister has also visited the school,\" said the school's principal D R Saini. The school offers French and German too.At Springdales School, Dhaula Kuan, students can pick from German, French, Spanish, Russian and Italian. \"We have student exchange programmes with all these countries as language training becomes more meaningful through these programmes. This kind of multicultural growth is welcome in today's world where India has large-scale partnerships with other countries,\" explained principal Jyoti Bose.Pathways World School in Aravali is part of the International Round Square Movement, which has over 80 schools as members all over the world. \"The most popular foreign languages are French and Spanish because these are considered as 'global' languages. There may be time in the near future when Mandarin may become a popular option in Indian schools as we find China playing a more significant role in global economics and interaction,\" school director Dr Sarvesh Naidu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11692730", "title": "Undertrial dies mysteriously at Tihar", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 25-year-old undertrial prisoner died under mysterious circumstances in Tihar Jail's high-security ward in jail number 8 in the wee hours of Sunday morning, prompting a demonstration by around 150 people, including his relatives, outside a city hospital on Monday.The deceased, identified as Mohammad Nayeem Ahmed alias Nadeem, was found frothing from his mouth and nose while bent over in a namaz position in his cell, said jail officials. A magisterial inquiry has been ordered and police will register a case after the probe, said cops. This is the fifth case of unnatural death in the past one year, with four cases already registered in Hari Nagar police station since last year.Tihar law officer and spokesperson Sunil Gupta said: \"We can't comment on the cause of death as the magistrate is inquiring into the matter.\"A jail source said: \"When the duty warden noticed Nayeem in that position around 2.15am, it raised his suspicion and he alerted his senior officials. Nayeem was declared dead by the jail doctor at 3.10am. The deceased had attended a court hearing on Saturday morning and the deceased's co-accused have suggested that he had taken some sedatives at the court lock-up afterwards.\"Around 150 people, including relatives of the deceased, protested outside Deen Dayal Upadhyay (DDU) Hospital on Monday morning, asking for Nayeem's postmortem in a different hospital, and the body was shifted to Sanjay Gandhi Memorial Hospital amid high security on Monday afternoon.\"We fear that the doctors in DDU may be hand in glove with jail officials and are not confident of the veracity of the postmortem by DDU doctors. This is why we asked the postmortem to be conducted in a different hospital,\" said Mohammad Hanif, Nayeem's elder brother.Nayeem's relatives claimed that he had been acquitted by court on Saturday. \"We were told that he would be released on Monday as the next day was Sunday. However, he was found dead instead,\" said Hanif.Jail officials, however, denied this, saying, \"Nayeem had eleven cases - including attempt to murder and burglaries - against him and had been in jail since 2009. He had been relieved of six cases and was still pending trial in five others. There was no question of his release,\" said a senior official.Nayeem had reportedly been shifted to the high-security cell after he was involved in an argument with some co-inmates. \"Around four months back, Nayeem had an argument with some jail inmates after which we shifted him to the high-security cell where he was alone,\" said a jail official.This is the third such death in the past two months, raising concern over the Tihar administration's role in the prevention of such incidents. \"Each case of death is referred to the magistrate who conducts an inquiry and we take appropriate action after the receipt of the report,\" claimed Gupta.Earlier last year, three inmates died in separate cases. While one death had been established as a case of culpable homicide where one inmate had killed the other, the probe is still pending in two others. In a fourth case, a 71-year-old convict had succumbed to cancer in DDU Hospital and doctors had opined that he had not been treated in time despite having complained to jail doctors. A case of causing death due to negligence had been registered in this case on the basis of the magisterial inquest report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11694316", "title": "Primary teachers stage dharna near Raj Bhawan", "text": "RANCHI: Hundreds of primary teachers sat on a daylong dharna near Raj Bhavan to protest the move of introducing public-private partnership (PPP) in primary education, here on Monday.\"Education is a right not a business,\" said chief secretary of Jharkhand State Primary Teachers' Association (JPTA) Brij Bihari Pandey. \"Instead of improving the standard of education, the government is trying to escape its responsibility by introducing public-private-partnership mode. Providing education is not a compromise but a responsibility,\" he added.\"We are opposing the state government's bid to commercialize education,\" said JPTA state president Md Siddique Ansari. \"If PPP is introduced, then students of remote areas will not get quality education as private companies will contribute more to the schools in urban areas than in rural areas,\" said Ansari.The association submitted a memorandum to governor Syed Ahmed, highlighting the ill effects of PPP in primary education and a list of demands of teachers for betterment of primary education.Some of the important demands of the association are, non-application of PPP at primary level, 6% of gross domestic product (GDP) or 20% of the national budget be spent on education, primary education be kept away from the panchayati raj system, providing all the facilities to the teachers according to the central pay scale, giving proper training to para-teachers and taking their services and increasing the age limit of free and compulsory education under the Right to Education from 14 years to 18 years.Pandey said, \"We expect the governor to forward our letter to the Union government and if our demands are not fulfilled then the members of All India Primary Teachers' Association (AIPTA) will proceed on a countrywide strike from March 16.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11694362", "title": "Crisis not cooked up, say discoms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reliance-backed discoms BSES Rajdhani and BSES Yamuna have stuck to their stand that their liquidity crisis was not exaggerated. They have submitted a clarification to Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) on their accounts.\"We have already made detailed submission to DERC regarding the financial package being worked out by the IDBI led consortium of banks. Both the promoters have already pledged fresh equity infusion in BSES discoms of which Reliance Infrastructure has already invested Rs 520 crore (51% share). Delhi government is expected to infuse its share of equity soon. This is to ensure that consumers continue to get regular power supply,\" said a spokesperson.\"We are examining the observations made by the commission in its order and will respond suitably. We have submitted a detailed affidavit to the DERC on the issue on the basis of the audited data explaining the scenario in its entirety. We stand by our data. DERC is yet to respond to our submissions,\" added the spokesperson .DERC officials said the latest submissions by the discoms will be taken up in the next hearing, the date which has not been decided yet. \"We found that the earlier accounts submitted by the Reliance discoms had a number of discrepancies and were not acceptable. The discoms have explained the discrepancies in their new submission but we are yet to examine their reasoning. This is part of an ongoing hearing and will be discussed soon,\" said DERC chairperson P D Sudhakar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11692340", "title": "People want job, not sops: CPI(ML) ND", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Criticizing the sops being promised by various political parties to woo voters, CPI(ML) ND has said that it exposes utter bankruptcy of the policies among the leaders of such parties. These 'modern rajas' think that the people would be happy by such doles.People are living in extreme poverty and they want work and assured income from farming, said secretary Ashish Mital.BSP, SP, Congress, BJP and Apna Dal, all stand by landlords and mafias, who control agricultural land, river and hill economy and government contracts. All these parties have put up these elements as their candidates. There is no hope for the common man to safeguard livelihood or get land pattas and mining rights in river sand and stone quarries as per law, he said.Congress is going to bring FDI in retail which will harm all small businesses and increase unemployment, he added.Meanwhile, TMC (Trinmool Congress) candidate from City South assembly seat, Rajendra Tiwari \"Dukanji\" will be starting his election campaign from February 2.Dukanji start his election campaigning from gynasium with two point agenda including brining Prayag city on the world heritage map and ensuring employment to the unemployed youths.Dukanji said \" a number of industrialists want to set up industries in prayag but due to absence of proper airport for transportation, they hesitate\". Now, we would be focussing on the construction of new airport for smooth transportation.He further added that gone were the days when a total of 11 trains were departed from rambagh railway station including those who headed assam directly. Meanwhile, Congress candidate from City North assembly seat, Anugrah Narayan Singh on Monday conducted door to door campaign at Uchwagari, Rajapur, Om Nagar, Shantipuram, Chattam Line etc.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11692714", "title": "'Naqi was in city at time of 13/7 blasts'", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigations have found that Naqi Ahmed (22), arrested for aiding and abetting the 13/7 serial blasts, was in the city on July 13 last year. DNA samples from a rented room, where the suspected bombers lived, confirmed that Naqi had visited the place several times.Anti-terrorism squad (ATS) sources said Naqi, a BCom student, was in the city when the blasts killed 27 persons. \"He was staying at his elder brother's leather bag-making unit at Badlupura in Byculla. But he went missing from the bag unit between 11am and 7pm,\" a senior official said. The three bombs went off between 6.50pm and 7pm at Zaveri Bazar, Opera House and Dadar (W).Police sources said Naqi, who came from Bihar and studied in New Delhi, had arrived three days before the blasts. \"We are yet to establish if he was with the bombers that day. We have found clinching evidence to show that he was responsible for stealing one of the two scooters used in the blasts,\" the official said. The police believe that Naqi had visited Habib Apartments in Byculla, where the suspected Pakistani bombers lived for several months. \"He handed over the explosives to the bombers. His aide, Nadeem Akhtar, brought the explosives from Delhi and gave them to Naqi, who handed them over to the bombers in Byculla,\" he said.Police officials were tightlipped on whether they have CCTV footage to prove that he was responsible for the scooter theft. Several shops in the area, from where the scooter was stolen, are under CCTV surveillance. \"We don't want to disclose anything about the footage. We will tell our side of the story when we file the chargesheet,\" the official added.Police sources said that after Naqi and Nadeem stole two bikes near Grant Road and C P Tank, the vehicles were handed over to the two suspected bombers near JJ Junction. \"We have recovered the helmet of one scooter and a duplicate key of the bike from the arrested accused,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11692255", "title": "Vijayamma accuses CBI of witch-hunt", "text": "HYDERABAD: YS Vijayamma, Pulivendula MLA and mother of YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy, on Monday dashed off another letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in which she charges CBI with unleashing a witch-hunt against her son at the behest of the Congress-led UPA government and urged the PM to instruct the investigative agency to act impartially.The MLA had written to Manmohan Singh in August 2011 saying that the CBI had been converted into a state instrument to suppress political parties opposed to the ruling Congress.In her five-page letter, Vijayamma said CBI has arrested Sunil Reddy, a close relative of the YSR family but had not even quizzed former chief minister and TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu or Tummala Ranga Rao of Stylish Homes whom, she alleged, were the kingpins of the Emaar scam. \"Many of us have been in public life for decades but have never felt so suffocated and threatened as we are now. We wonder whether we are living in a police state or in a liberal democracy where rule of law prevails...We have no grouse against the courts for ordering a CBI investigation on the basis of prima facie evidence provided by petitioners. \"The complaint is about the way the CBI has been carrying on its investigation at the behest of their political bosses,\" Vijayamma said in her letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11693267", "title": "Temples looted in Baguihati", "text": "KOLKATA: Two temples in Baguiati were looted late on Sunday night. The thefts were detected on Monday morning. Police have started investigation but are yet to make any breakthrough.In the first incident, a gang of thieves plundered a century-old Kali temple at Gobinda Chandra Seth Bazar in Baguiati and decamped with gold and silver ornaments worth nearly Rs 20 lakh. They also broke the donation box (Pranami) and looted an unspecified amount of cash.According to the complaint lodged with police, the temple was locked by the priest around 9 pm on Sunday. In the morning, when a local youth who cleans the temple premises everyday , reached the temple, he noticed its broken collapsible gate and the missing valuables. He informed the temple authorities who called the police. All the missing gold ornaments of Kali idol weighed 80 bhoris, a member of the temple authorities claimed. \"Some silver accessories were also missing. The burglars also looted cash from Pranami box. But we are not certain about the cash in the donation box as it had not been counted,\" he said. This is the fifth temple theft in Baguiati area in past three months.After a preliminary investigation police suspect that the local criminals may involved in the theft. \"As the road in front of the temple normally remains busy till late night, the incident might have occurred in the wee hours of Monday. The raids are being conducted to nab the culprits,\" a senior police official said.In another incident, the burglars broke into a Manasha temple at Narayantala in Baguiati late on Sunday night and made off with gold ornaments and cash worth nearly Rs 1.5 lakh. Police are looking for the culprits. No one has been arrested in this connection yet.BARASAT : An auto was set on fire by a mob after a 32-year-old man was killed afterbeing hit by the auto on Mogra Road at Rudrapur near Habra in North 24 Parganas on Monday afternoon. Three auto passengers including a woman were also critically injured in the accident. Locals also put up a road block on Habra-Mogra Road to protest against the accident demanding immediate arrest of the auto driver who was allegedly in an inebriated condition which led to the accident. A large contingent of police and two fire engines rushed to the spot to bring the situation under control. Police are looking for the accused auto driver who managed to flee away from the spot soon after the accident occurred.Police said the accident took place around 2.30 pm when the auto carrying three passengers was on its way to Habra. Suddenly the driver lost its control and hit a pedestrian identified as Sanjoy Mondal, a resident of Chunirhat in Habra. Then the auto rammed into a roadside tea stall and overturned. Mondal and three auto passengers were injured in the accident. Locals rushed to the spot and all the injured were taken to Habra State General Hospital where Mondal was declared brought dead and three others were admitted in critical condition.BARASAT : Three notorious gangsters were arrested by Amdanga police on Sunday night. Two pipe guns and eight rounds of cartridges were also seized from the trio.Police said the three dreaded criminals identified as Sandip Pramanik, Shankar Pike and Swapan Haldar , the residents of Khardah are contract killers. Several murder cases were pending against them. Acting on a tip-off a police team raided a hide out at Pushdanga near Amdanga around 11.30 pm on Sunday and arrested them. They were remanded in police custody for seven days afterbeing produced in the Barasat court on Monday afternoon. \"We are also looking for others involved in the gang. The trio would be further interrogated in this connection,\" a senior police official said.-- Sanjib Chakraborty", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11694069", "title": "PM has let Bengal down on financial aid: Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee accused Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday of letting down her government in terms of financial help, and \"reminded\" him that Congress does not have the requisite majority at the Centre and was surviving because of support from Trinamool Congress .She also accused Congress of conspiring with CPM to put the Trinamool-led government in trouble.\"So far we have got nothing from the Centre despite the fact that the Trinamool is giving the right support to the Congress at the Centre. We are trying to stand on our own feet. The people of Bengal will rise to assert their rights,\" she said in an interview with a private television channel in Kolkata on Monday.\"Delhi has done nothing to help us. Before the election, the Prime Minister had promised in public meetings in Bengal that he would extend all assistance to the coalition government. Where is the help? Five meetings have taken place with the Centre, but we have not got anything. All we have seen are newspaper headlines on the package. We are against begging,\" the chief minister said, warning that there would be \"conflicts\" if Bengal was not given its due.Mamata criticised Congress for claiming a part of the credit bringing about change in Bengal. \"Where were the Congress leaders when the Singur agitation was taking place? Where were they when I was fasting?\" she asked. \"Even the Prime Minister did not come. An important Congress leader in Delhi refused to help me, saying he could not antagonize the CPM government. I called him for help when our party was under attack but he switched off his mobile. Had Congress been alone, there would have been no change in the state.\"Congress chose to skirt the fresh provocation with spokesman Rashid Alvi saying: \"She is our ally and we will not comment on her statement. As far as the commitments of the finance minister and the Prime Minister to the people of Bengal are concerned , they would all be fulfilled and implemented.\"CM opposes Lokayukta clause in Lokpal billKOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee's sudden attack against the Centre could be triggered by the financial troubles of her government. She is unhappy that the Centre has not even accepted her request to give a moratorium on interest payment on central loans. \"I had requested the Centre not to collect the interest for a year or two. But they continue to collect their dues on the first day of the month.\"Mamata said she would continue to oppose the anti-people policies of the central government. She pointed out that she had restricted her opposition to the UPA government to issues that concerned the people, like the price of gas. \"I think everyone will agree with me on the issue of FDI in retail,\" the CM said. She opposed the Lokayukta clause in the Lokpal Bill because Lokayukta is a state subject, Mamata said. \"Why should the Centre interfere in state matters,\" she asked.Reminding the Congress that the UPA government is surviving on Trinamool support, she said: \"On the other hand, in Bengal, we have nearly two-thirds majority . We could have formed the government on our own, but honouring the dharma of coalition politics we have kept Congress as partners in the government.\"On the issue of the forthcoming election for President, she reminded Delhi that Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee of the NDA government had honoured her suggestion to nominate scientist APJ Abdul Kalam for the high post. However, she refused to give any indication about her suggestion for the coming election.Taking AimSo far we have got nothing from the Centre despite the fact that Trinamool is giving the right support to the Congress at the Centre Delhi has done nothing to help us. Before the election, the PM had promised in public meetings that he would extend all assistance to the coalition government. Where is the help? Five meetings have taken place with the Centre, but we have not got anything Where were the Congress leaders when the Singur agitation was taking place? Where were they when I was fasting.... Even the Prime Minister did not come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11692247", "title": "CBI does not oppose Ranga Rao bail", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI on Monday conveyed to the CBI special court that it had no objection if the court decided in favour of granting an anticipatory bail to Tummala Ranga Rao, director of Stylish Homes Pvt Ltd, because of his cooperation with the investigating agency.Ranga Rao has turned an approver in the Emaar scam case. His statement was earlier recorded by the CBI as well as by a magistrate.The probe agency's stand on the bail plea of Ranga Rao was made clear by its deputy legal advisor B Ravindranath to the court.However, counsel P Subhash raised an objection saying that he was representing one of the villa owners and was apprehensive about the way the CBI was proceeding in the case. \"My client was made to pay excess money and will not get justice if the CBI is allowed to connive with a person ( Ranga Rao) whom it described as a conspirator a few days ago,\" he said.Special judge B Nagamaruthi Sarma of the CBI court noted the objection and reserved his orders on the plea of Ranga Rao to February 1. Meanwhile, in another hearing in the same Emaar scam, G Vijay Raghav, an employee of Emaar-MGF, charged the CBI when he was produced in the court on Monday with subjecting him to third-degree methods. The CBI sought 15 days of his custody for questioning in the scam. His counsel Dil Jit Singh Ahluwalia opposed the CBI plea in this regard and told the court that the investigators had interrogated his client for more than 300 hours in the last few months by summoning him 28 times.The counsel alleged that Raghava was subjected to third-degree methods on October 19 last by the CBI. He suffered serious injuries on his neck and back and he had to be hospitalized after that, the counsel alleged. The judge, while sending Raghava to judicial custody till February 1, rejected the CBI's plea for his custodial interrogation.The special court also rejected the plea of the probe agency that produced Sunil Reddy, another accused in the Emaar scam, after two-and-a-half days of his custodial interrogation and sought some more days of custody because he was not revealing anything.The counsel for Sunil objected to this. The judge dismissed the CBI plea and sent Sunil to judicial custody (Chanchalguda jail) till February 1, the day the CBI is expected to file its chargesheet in the case. Sunil also filed a petition seeking special status in the jail in view of his social and educational status. The CBI counsel opposed it saying except on the education front, Sunil never had any status in other aspects. The judge posted the case to February 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11693370", "title": "HC tells state govt to clarify airgun ban", "text": "MUMBAI: Under which provision of law do you intend to ban airguns, the Bombay HC asked the state government, when hearing a petition filed by Rafiq Ahmed Yusuf Kalsekar who was detained on July 2, 2010 at Mumbai airport by Customs.Kalsekar had declared five signal guns and three dominator air guns, claiming he wanted to use them to guard his land in Ratnagiri. His petition stated he had a crop protection licence. Kalsekar's advocate argued that even the Arms and Ammunition Department stated that airguns fall under the Arms Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11694108", "title": "Nominations of 7 candidates rejected", "text": "VARANASI: Following the scrutiny of nomination papers on Monday, the nominations of 160 candidates were found valid while the nominations of seven candidates were rejected.According to reports, on the rejected list, three candidates were from Sevapuri constituency, two from Varanasi South constituency and one each from Pindra and Varanasi Cantt constituencies. The nominations of Munawar Ali of Trinmool Congress Party, Satya Prakash (independent) and Lalji (independent) from Sevapuri, Kamla Kinnar (independent) and Radha Krishnand (independent) from Varanasi South, Hridaya Narayan of Ulema Council from Varanasi Cantt and Pradeep of Akhil Bharatiya Pichhda Samaj Party from Pindra constituency were rejected due to some lacking in their papers.After scrutiny process the Varanasi North has maximum 30 candidates, followed by Rahaniya (24), Varanasi Cantt (24), Ajagara (22), Shivpur (19), Pindra (15), Varanasi South (13) and Sevapuri (13). Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11692880", "title": "Court visits Naroda Patia, does not meet witnesses", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The special court hearing the Naroda Patia case visited the scene of the offence on Monday. The inspection lasted for more than four hours at a kilometre-long stretch and in the maze of streets in the industrial locality.After completion of recording of evidence by examining 328 witnesses, designated judge Jyotsna Yagnik went to Naroda Patia along with court staff, members of Supreme Court-mandated special investigation team ( SIT), two special prosecutors and a battery of defence lawyers. The lack of enthusiasm on part of witnesses and local residents was evident, as there were few onlookers.The court did not meet witnesses, but mainly satisfied itself by verifying the place - the overhead water tank, khado and teesra kuva, where most of the 95 victims were killed on February 28, 2002 in the aftermath of the Godhra carnage. Witnesses who tried to approach the judge were restrained by guards. \"I wanted to show them from where policemen were firing on us, and how the mob entered the area from behind, but the policemen and other staff did not allow me to talk to the judge,\" said Fatima Shaikh, who lost eight members of her sister's family and now lives with two grandchildren who survived the violence.The judge inspected the place and went on to see each of the by-lanes and had all the places videographed. She had a close look at the place from where the mob allegedly broke into the locality and the place, where SRP personnel refused to take victims into their campus. The court also went to the open ground, where teesra kuva (well) is located, where the victims were allegedly thrown after being burnt.Contrary to expectations of many, few people including witnesses turned up to witness the court visit. The visitors began amid media bustle, which attracted people's attention, but beyond Gangotri Society, the court staff did not permit lensmen to capture the inspection. Finally, when the court reached teesra kuva in open ground, there was no one at the spot other than court staff, guards and lawyers.A decade later and after a trial of two and a half year, the grievance of victim-witnesses has remained the same; that little investigation has been done in regards with bodies buried in teesra kuva. \"We have been maintaining that the well should have been dug, but no probe agency is interested in conducting an investigation to find whether human remains there other than the 95 persons declared dead,\" said advocate Yusuf Shaikh, who represents the witnesses during proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11693135", "title": "Study finds many home remedies for acidity trump pharma drugs", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Next time you suffer from an acidity attack, rush to your kitchen instead of a pharmacy. A series of tests conducted by Consumer Education and Research Society (CERS), Ahmedabad, found that many home remedies are more effective than pharmaceutical medications.As per the results, over-the-counter (OTC) drugs like antacids provide relief for a maximum span of around 58 minutes, while home remedies like roasted gram are effective for up to 104 minutes.Out of 17 home remedies for acidity that CERS tested for their degrees of effectiveness, the researchers found that 15 of them are effective in mild cases of acidity. Among the 15 effective remedies, four showed longer relief periods compared to OTC antacids. These include roasted chana, mixture of fennel and sugar, fennel and raw egg mixture and milk which provided relief for 104, 89, 87 and 71 minutes, respectively. In comparison, OTC antacids including Eno Fruit Salt and Gelusil MPS liquid gave relief for 58 and 57 minutes, respectively.\"We created artificial stomachs in our laboratories and conducted the tests. The results revealed that despite their ready availability and cheap prices, many home remedies are more effective than popular pharmaceutical drugs,\" said chief general manager of CERC Pritee Shah.The study, however, found that jaggery and soda water, a common home remedy, do not provide any relief. The tests also revealed that, \"Though milk and milk-based home remedy provided significant relief, according to doctors, the calcium content in milk may cause rebound acid secretion.\"The relief periods of cucumber, ripe papaya, banana, buttermilk and vanilla ice cream were in the range of 23 to 35 minutes. Isabgol, pudina leaves and coconut water also provided short-term relief. Their relief periods were 5, 10, and 14 minutes, respectively. Chilled water provided relief for two minutes only.The study also pointed out that patients who regularly suffer from acidity or related disorders should take medication like over-the-counter antacids and that severe acidity should be treated with medicines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11692720", "title": "Israeli farm companies see opportunities in Vid", "text": "NAGPUR: As Israel extends its cooperation on agriculture with India, its companies have begun seeking opportunities in Vidarbha too.The Agrovision exhibition organized by Vidarbha Economic Development Council (VED), and MM Acti Sci Tech Communications had the presence of Israeli companies engaged in horticulture technologies and irrigation systems. Some offers on technologies to grow exotic fruits came with buyback assurance too.The Israeli government, in association with the state government, is also coming up with an excellence centre on training in horticulture at Nagpur. The centre is expected to be operational in six months and will mainly focus on orange crop. Raviv Byron, chairman of Israel-India Chamber of Commerce, said that the firms participating in Agrovision showcased technologies on increasing the pomegranate yield as well as growing better variety of the fruit.One of the firms offered a technology that enables growing apples in plains too. Another firm marketed technology to grow avocados, an Israeli fruit, in India.However, the offers were targeted at mainly bigger farmers having 15 hectares or more, said Byron. The chamber has taken part in similar events in other parts state like Sangli and Beed, he said.Israel has already tied up with Indian government in National Horticulture Mission. Its excellence centre on citrus fruits planned in Nagpur is under that arrangement. Maharashtra is the second state after Haryana where a similar centre on vegetable cultivation was set up recently.There are plans to have similar centres on pomegranates and mangoes in other parts of Maharashtra, the consul general of Israeli government in India Orna Sagiv told TOI. They will work on training the trainers, through whom technology could be further disseminated to the farmers. Indo-Israel trade cooperation stood at 5 billion dollars a year at present, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11694092", "title": "All for a sparkling smile", "text": "MANGALORE: Your attire is incomplete, unless you wear a smile, they say. And how about making that smile sparkle? Tooth jewellery is here to make it glitzy with colours that match the colours of dress.The trend of young women fixing sparkles to teeth is slowly catching up with cosmetologists offering the service in the coastal town. Whether it is a wedding ceremony or a birthday, one may just walk into the clinic of cosmetologists or specialized dentists to get that glitzy smile.Many clinics offer bridal package, which include cleaning teeth and fixing of tooth jewellery. Fixing sparkles is a hassle-free affair nowadays as it does not involve any drilling or any complicated procedures.Consultant prosthodontist and implantologist Dr Rakshith Hegde told TOI that tooth jewellery can be fixed without any intervention of equipment and there is no chance of getting the teeth damaged with the new techniques. It costs anywhere between Rs 1,500 and Rs 3,000 to fix sparkles and the procedure takes less than five minutes. Sparkles of one's choice that matches the colour of dress are being fixed using adhesive or tooth cement. \"It can last for more than a week and it can be removed the very next day after celebrations,\" he said.Various type of tooth jewellery, including crystals of different colours and designs, are available in the market.Majority of brides walk into the clinics just a day before the marriage to for that \"matching smile\". \"Clinics in the city get an average of 20-30 customers a year, and demand peaks during wedding season,\" he added.Egyptians are considered as the 'Gurus of Cosmetology'. They were having their tooth drilled to fix costly stones including diamonds, rubies and gems. \"The trend, which had lost its significance due to the complicated procedure of drilling the teeth, came back with the innovative technique of fixing sparkles,\" Dr Rakshith said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11692769", "title": "BJP's final list held back due to difference in alliance", "text": "NAGPUR: The differences in its mega alliance have forced Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to hold back final list of 55 candidates for its total 122 seats, said sources. Meanwhile, Shiv Sena has cleared all 18 candidates on Monday.With just 18 of total 145 seats in hands, Shiv Sena is already facing threat of rebellion against the BJP. Adding to the frustration, BJP has reportedly asked the third party in mega alliance - RPI (Athawale) - to take two extra seats from the Shiv Sena. BJP had given five seats to RPI(A), but the party was not satisfied and is pressing to increase its seats to 7.\"BJP has asked us to take two seats from the Shiv Sena. But Sena leaders have asked us to talk with the state-level leaders as alliance was finalized at that level. We are firm on seven seats and will wait till Tuesday. The candidates will be declared on Tuesday,\" said Bhupesh Thulkar, general secretary of RPI (A).The five RPI (A) seats are - one seat each from Nari-2 (woman), Thawre Colony-5 (man), Panchsheel Nagar-13 (woman), Mominpura-28 (man), and Manewada- 67 (woman). RPI (A) is demanding two seats from either Ajni-57, Bhuteshwar Nagar-43, Lashkaribagh-20 or Chandramani Nagar-58.It seems that BJP is engaged in passing buck. BJP has sidelined three of the eight sitting Sena corporators by declaring candidates for seats demanded by them.BJP sources said the party has cleared candidates from the most controversial ward - Hiwri Nagar- 37 in East Nagpur. Here, two sitting corporators Hitesh Joshi (corporator from Padole Nagar- 96) and Praveen Zilpe (corporator from Babulban- 60) were battling for the ticket. In addition, Mahendra Raut, general secretary of BJP's East Nagpur unit, too was pressing for the ticket. Finally, Joshi has been announced as the candidate from the ward as per directives of BJP national president Nitin Gadkari.It is also learnt that BJP decided to field senior leader Girish Deshmukh from Khamla- 69, resting senior corporator Prakash Totwani. Thus, number of sitting corporators who were denied ticket will rise further.Lala Kureshi has been cleared from Mahendra Nagar-4 and Sunil Shriwas from Gandhisagar-27, who will fight along with mayor Archana Dehankar. It is also learnt that senior BJP leader Daya Shankar Tiwari has been cleared from Gandhibagh-40, said sources.BJP state president Sudhir Mungantiwar authorized BJP city chief Anil Sole to distribute B-form. Sole put in the letters in all zones and municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal on Monday.The list of rebels from BJP is on rise. Having been denied ticket from Reshimbagh- 48, Arvind Kashikar submitted his resignation on Tuesday. Dada Mire of BJP's Apang Vikas Aghadi submitted his resignation.BJP declared ex-deputy Mayor Dr Ravindra Bhoyar from Reshimbagh, resting corporator Kailash Chute.Dr Bhoyar had been defeated by NCP corporator Ashok Katle from Jawahar Nagar ward-126.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "11692403", "title": "Two-day fast held for Gandhi's missing specs", "text": "WARDHA: Maharashtra Pradesh Sarvoday Mandal (MPSM) started two-day long fast at the Gandhi statue in the Civil Lines area on January 30. More than 50 activists of MPSM and officials of the Sarvoday Mandal participated in the fast. The fast is dedicated to the goodness and conscience of the unknown thief, who is involved in the missing specs of Mahatma last year, said the activists.However the president of MPSM, Abba Kamble said, \"Though we hold the fast, I am not sure that Mahatma's specs have been stolen or are missing. I just pray to God to awake the wisdom of the person involved in the specs mystery.\" Kamble added that the shameful incident occurred because of differences among the Ashram dwellers.Avinash Kakde, a trustee of Ashram, who was also participating in the fast, said the incident occurred because of Ashram management's irresponsible attitude.The fast venue will shift from Gandhi statue to Bapu Kuti on January 31. Meanwhile the Ashram Pratisthan along with Rashtriya Yuva Sangathan organized a youth conference, where more than 500 youth participants from across the country, participated. They also held an awakening march on the day the Mahatma was assassinated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11694258", "title": "Workers shy away from guaranteed jobs", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as the lack of work for the poor continues to be a big concern, there are no takers for work on the outskirts of the city. For instance, in Anekal, on an average, labourers take up work only for four days under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MNREGA), a scheme mandated to offer work for 100 days.This is part of the findings of India Governs, a research institute which has worked on MNREGA project implementation in the state. Researchers say the demand for MNREGA work is declining in areas around Bangalore as daily wage workers look for more lucrative jobs.SM Zulfiquarulla, joint director, Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MNREGS), says: \"Labourers don't readily come forward to take up work under the scheme as it's not lucrative compared to other alternatives. It's a demand-driven project. We don't get enough labourers -- the problem is severe in areas around Bangalore.\"In 2009-10, the average persondays of employment in Anekal was 30, which declined in 2010-11 to four per year. The state average of persondays of employment is 38 for 2009-10 and 21 days in 2010-11. This essentially means that across the state, on an average, the government has offered jobs for 21 days to poverty-ridden daily wage workers under the MNREGA scheme. The project is mandated to provide a minimum of 100 days' work to labourers across the state. The average persondays of employment is counted by dividing the total persondays of employment by the total number of persons with job cards.In the surroundings of Bangalore, works such as rural connectivity, land development, water conservation and water harvesting, renovation of traditional water bodies, drought-proofing and flood control have been taken up.According to Veena Ramanna, a researcher with India Governs, the purpose of the survey is to initiate a dialogue between MLAs and citizens. The declining number of works could be because of lack of demand for MNREGA works near the city. \"What we have released is an average figure. We're only interested in highlighting the statistics. Interpretations based on this data can be done by the people and elected representatives,\" said Veena.PAY BASED ON QUALITY OF WORKWhen TOI spoke to MNREGA authorities on disparities in payment, they said wages varied depending on the work done by villagers. This, despite the fact that the fixed wage under the Act is Rs 125 per person per day. \"We also consider the quality of work. Wherever payment has been less, it could be because of poor quality of work,\" SM Zulfiquarulla said.Average Persondays of Employment (APE) in Bangalore RuralConstituency -- APE (2009-10) -- APE (2010-11)Magadi - 31 -- 21Anekal - 30 -- 4Channapatna - 34 -- 18Kunigal - 91 - 12(Source: India Governs)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11692435", "title": "UP students outclass rest of India", "text": "NEW DELHI: One of the most comprehensive survey of learning achievement of class V students by NCERT shows that mean achievement of children of Uttar Pradesh in language and mathematics is highest in the country.In environmental studies, UP students are a close second after Tamil Nadu (72.30%), with a mean score of 67.15%. In all respects - performance of girls, rural children and percentage of children getting more than 80% - UP has outclassed all states.The survey that was carried out between March and May, 2010, under the direction of Avtar Singh, head of department of educational measurement and evaluation, tested over one lakh students in language, mathematics and environmental studies in 31 states and is more exhaustive than Pratham's Annual Status of Education Report. NCERT followed the internationally-recognized principle of Item Response Theory (IRT), where a student is graded on each item asked rather than on a total test. The last such comprehensive survey was conducted in 2006-07, but IRT was not followed. The HRD ministry has decided to make the survey a regular affair.In language, students were asked questions based on comprehension, asked to identify, evaluate and interpret a text. In mathematics, students were asked subtraction based on decimal system, questions on geometry and number system. In environmental studies, questions were asked on health and economic problems.In mathematics, mean percentage scored by UP students is 72.89%; in language (71.12%) and environmental studies (67.15%). In mathematics, UP is followed by Karnataka (61.53%), Delhi (58.89%), J&K; (58.4%), Madhya Pradesh (58.68%), West Bengal (57.74%) and Odisha (56.02%). In language, Tamil Nadu (65.89%) follows UP. West Bengal (64.29%), Maharashtra (63.87%), Karnataka (61%) and Delhi (59.89%) have done well in the language test.In environmental studies, Karnataka ranks third, with a mean score of 66.59%. Students from MP (58.85%), West Bengal (58.75%) and J&K; (58.45%) have also fared well.Mean percentage of students of Bihar stands at 49.4% in mathematics, language (45.47%) and environmental studies (47.44%).Girls are outperforming boys in Daman and Diu, Delhi, Goa, Mizoram, Kerala and Puducherry. In case of UP, performance of boys and girls is at par. In mathematics, mean percentage of boys is 73.34%, while girls (72.49%). A similar marginal difference can be seen in other two subjects.UP's achievement is not a fluke is illustrated by the fact that there is not much difference in the score between urban and rural children in all three subjects. While in most states, urban students are doing better, their rural counterparts are performing well in language in Daman and Diu, Delhi, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Nagaland and Uttarakhand. In mathematics, rural children of Daman and Diu, Delhi, J&K;, Karnataka, Nagaland and Maharashtra are doing better than students from urban areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11694115", "title": "40-year-old dies in hospital; kin allege medical negilgence", "text": "MANGALORE: Commotion prevailed following the death of a patient at Vijaya Clinic General Hospital here on Monday. Anil Raj, 40, a resident of Bikkarnakatte, a painting contractor associated with Landlinks Constructions, died due to alleged negligence by the hospital staff. Anil reached the hospital complaining of dizziness.Hospital staff reportedly gave him dextrose, which is said to have increased his blood sugar, later leading to cardiac arrest. Relatives and friends of Anil gathered near the hospital and questioned the staff, but they did not get a convincing reply. Following this, a tense situation prevailed in the hospital premises. Police reached on time and eased the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11693021", "title": "AMTS proposes to have 1,100 buses", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ahmedabad Municipal Transport Services (AMTS) is going in for a makeover. No more a city bus service, the AMTS is being groomed to play a larger role - feeder bus service for the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) and also a means to encourage more passengers to choose public transport over personal vehicles.The AMTS, in its budget for 2012-13, has proposed to have a huge fleet of 1,100 buses. All these buses will be devoted solely to upgrade public transportation on city roads. Currently, the AMTS has 700 buses on road that ply daily on 167 routes.Announcing the rather ambitious budget, Amit Shah , the chairman of AMTS, said that more significance will be given to feeder buses for BRTS. \"The BRTS is now spreading its wing to reach out to all parts of the city. Soon more routes will be added to the existing BRTS corridor. To play an able supporting role, AMTS will require more buses to bring passengers to the BRTS,\" said an AMTS official.Shah said that the AMC has initiated a proposal to buy 1,000 new buses under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Rural Mission (JNNURM). Of these 300 buses will be given to the AMTS as feeder buses. \"The AMTS gets 9 lakh passengers and earns Rs 24 lakh daily. With the new feeder buses, the AMTS is expected to earn an additional income of Rs 14 crore,\" he said.Shah added that the AMTS conductors will be given new hand-held computerised ticketing machines. Instead of traditional paper tickets, the conductors will now give printed tickets.Also to cut on the losses, the AMTS has decided to have four more depots in various parts of the city. \"With the city growing beyond its boundaries, the need of the hour is to optimise manpower and save fuel. More depots will ensure better management of city buses and cut down the losses,\" said an official.AMTS officials said that against its total budget of Rs 437.62 crore, the AMTS has proposed an income of Rs 250 crore and another Rs 11.62 crore as grants under the Swarnim Jayanti Chief Minister Development project. \"This will mean a shortfall of Rs 176 crore. This we hope to off-set with a loan from our parent body - AMC,\" said an AMTS official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "purulia", "code": "11692792", "title": "Poor English skills mar NDA hopes", "text": "PURULIA: The decision to do away with English teaching in primary schools in West Bengal during the Left Front regime was partly to blame for fewer students from the state joining the National Defence Academy (NDA)and building a career in the armed forces During the Golden Jubilee celebrations of Sainik School, Purulia, on Sunday, former cadets - many of whom have retired as senior officers in the Army, Navy and Air Force - rued the fact that the present generation of students is not skilled enough in communicative English to clear the Services Selection Board (SSB) interview for entry into the NDA.The tests and interviews can also be given in Hindi, but Bengal students fare worse in that language, too.\"Even this year, 47 out of 52 cadets who appeared from Sainik School, Purulia, cleared the UPSC exam. We are keeping our fingers crossed. Though many cadets clear the UPSC, the SSB turns out to be a stumbling block. Many do not prepare well as their parents want them to become engineers or doctors. Others can't make it through as their English isn't good enough.The cadets join this school in Class-VI. It is very difficult for them to pick up the language from there if they haven't studied English in primary school,\" an official said.An ex-student, from the first batch to pass out from the school, recalled how he was not allowed to sit and have his meals in the cadets' mess for a month after the principal heard him ask for mangsher jhol and not gravy during a meal. Retired officers like Brig Dilip Ghosh and Commodore Bhaskar Sen agreed that poor communication skills are a stumbling block for youngsters who may have done quite well for themselves in the defence forces.However, their days at Sainik School meant much more than just hard workwere not only hard work though. Gr Capt Sudipto Ghosh looked longingly at the hostel block where he had spent his years in the school. \"I still remember the days when we used to bunk and go to the town to watch movies. The rickshaw pullers would refuse to carry three of us back together. We would then strike a bargain. They would sit in the rickshaw with two of the group while we took turns at pedalling,\" the fighter pilot recalled.Something that also struck the ex-students was the lack of infrastructure. It's been 50 years now but the school doesn't even have an auditorium, leave alone a swimming pool. Those in charge at the NDA have often wanted to know from Sainik School authorities why cadets from Purulia don't know swimming.It is the state government that is in charge of building infrastructure but little has been done in the last three decades. The 280-acre campus doesn't even have a boundary wall. While the local MP has contributed from his local area development funds recently for construction of roads inside the campus, the batch of 1979 has pitched in for an amphitheatre.Air Marshal Arup Raha, AOC-in-C, Central Air Command and alumnus of the school noted on Sunday that the institution was a 'poor cousin' when compared to similar schools in the northern and southern parts of the country. Major General K S Kumbar, General Officer Commanding, Bengal area, will take up the issue with the state government.The defence ministry has written to the Bengal government, urging it to offer more financial support to meritorious students in Sainik School, Purulia. Officials believe that this will help the school get better talent.Annual fees and other charges for every student come to nearly Rs 73,000. The defence ministry allows a subsidy of Rs 15-17,000 for meritorious students. The state provides subsidy for only those families whose annual income is Rs 1,60,000 or less.Every year, 550-580 students appear for the entrance examination to the Sainik School in Purulia. Of them, 65-70 are selected.In Sainik Schools elsewhere, the number of candidates range from 3,000 to 12,000 and only the best get through. But then, states like Bihar grant scholarships of over Rs 40,000 per annum to deserving candidates.The maximum scholarship that West Bengal provides is Rs 10,500 for only those whose parents earn less than whose annual income is Rs 80,000 annually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11692338", "title": "AP home secretary BP Acharya in CBI custody in Emaar case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh's top home officer, BP Acharya was on Monday arrested by the CBI.Acharya, principal secretary (home), was called for questioning at a guest house. His interrogators told him he could send his car back as he was being taken into custody on allegations of criminal conspiracy, breach of trust, misappropriation of government property and cheating during his tenure as vice chairman and MD of AP Industrial Infrastructure Corporation from 2005 to 2010.Acharya, along with Emaar Properties, has been charged with reducing APIIC's stake in the JV and selling plots at rates higher than shown in documents. The difference was pocketed by private firms and individuals at the cost of the state exchequer, CBI contends.The arrest, expected for long, came two days before the mandatory deadline of filing the chargesheet in the Emaar case where Acharya is accused No 1.Acharya was produced before the CBI court at Nampally and remanded to CBI custody till 4pm on February 1 by special judge Naga Maruti Sharma. He is the second IAS officer in Andhra Pradesh to be arrested in recent months. Y Srilakshmi, a 1987 batch IAS officer was arrested by CBI for involvement in the illegal mining case involving Gali Janardan Reddy.The court ruled Acharya be questioned by CBI only between 10am and 5pm. He was allowed to stay at the Dilkusha guest house itself. Acharya filed a petition seeking bail and contended his actions were in good faith and with no malafide intentions.He told the court he had a heart ailment, upon which the court directed he get medical attention. His wife, Ranjeev Acharya, also an IAS officer, was present in the court and watched the proceedings silently. As is the rule, Acharya is likely to be suspended within the next 48 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "11692688", "title": "Price edge drives realty boom on Vizag outskirts", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Real estate prices have gone through the roof in the 'city of destiny' and city dwellers are now scouting for open spaces on the outskirts of the city where rates are still affordable. While the real estate market is picking up after a threeyear slump, the boom on the outskirts of the city has gladdened the hearts of realtors and property developers.\"Yes, the real estate business is on the upswing and we are expecting things to get even better in the coming months,\" realtor G Rama Jogi told TOI. He said that skyrocketing property rates in the city was forcing the business and middle classes to look for options on the outskirts.There is a huge demand for land now in Sabbavaram, Nakkapalli, Chodavaram and Anakapalli mandals, on Vizag's periphery. A cursory glance at land rates in Vizag is enough to illustrate the change the real estate business has witnessed in the last five years. Square feet rates in posh areas like MVP Colony, Lawson's Bay Colony, Kirlampudi Layout, Seetammadhara, Beach Road, Dasapalla Layout, Asilmetta and Dwaraka Nagar used to be Rs 2,200 five years ago. Now, the prices have shot up to Rs 3,800-4,500 a square feet.In middle-class localities like Madhavadhara, Murali Nagar and Akkayyapalem, the rate is Rs 3,000/sq.ft. Even in areas like Madhurawada, Kommadi, PM Palem, Gajuwaka, Kurmannapalem, Sheela Nagar, Duvvada and Sagar Nagar square feet prices have gone from Rs 1,500 to Rs 2,000-2,500.Realtors say that, in the city, a two-bedroom apartment measuring 1,000 sq.ft. would not come for anything less than Rs 30 lakh. On the outskirts, the same apartment can be had for Rs 20 lakh. With the suburban property market thus becoming hot, there has been a two to three-fold increase in registrations in Sabbavaram, Narsipatnam, Nakkapalli, Chodavaram and Anandapuram mandals.However, despite skyrocketing prices, a member of the real estate developers' organisation said that they were selling 5,000 to 10,000 flats in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11694301", "title": "Falak case: Baby critical again as cops close in on mom", "text": "NEW DELHI: On a day when the battered two-year-old girl admitted in the AIIMS Trauma Centre since January 18 underwent another life-saving surgery and was again put on a ventilator, Delhi Police claimed to have made significant progress in piecing together the tragic chain of events suffered by the baby.The cops said they had identified a crucial link - a woman named Laxmi - at whose house the baby was abandoned. Late on Monday, police sources said they were close to identifying the baby's real mother at Muzaffarpur in Bihar. More details were not immediately available.Earlier, a senior police official said the baby's assumed mother, 27-year-old Munni, had come with the two-yearold to Laxmi's house last September . She claimed her husband had abandoned them and she did not have money to buy food. Laxmi let them stay in her Uttam Nagar house and even got the mother work as a maid. After three weeks, Munni disappeared, leaving the child in Laxmi's house.Police said Laxmi gave the child to Manoj, her neighbour and relative. Manoj entrusted the girl with the accused Rajkumar alias Mohammad Dilshad (his real name), with whom he worked. Rajkumar, who hailed from Bihar, was a taxi driver who owns two cabs plying from IGI Airport.Rajkumar, 28, a married man, was staying in Dwarka before he met a 14-year-old girl in November. This was the teenager who brought the baby to AIIMS and claimed she was her mother.Investigations by the Delhi Police has helped to piece together the tragic chain of events suffered by the baby. A woman named Laxmi - at whose house the baby was abandoned -- has told cops that a woman named Munni, had arrived at her house with the baby in September last year. After three weeks, Munni disappeared , leaving the child in Laxmi's house. Police said Laxmi gave the child to Manoj, her neighbour and a relative who passed on the child to accused Rajkumar alias Mohammad Dilshad (his real name), with whom he worked.Rajkumar allegedly took the baby to his house but his wife refused to keep the child when she came to know of his relationship with the teenaged girl. Rajkumar was keen on keeping the girl as his own son, who stays in Mumbai with his grandparents, suffers from a rare thyroid disease , police said. Upset over the teenaged girl, his wife left for Mumbai. She, however, returned in December, when Rajkumar was forced to find an alternative arrangement for the baby and the girl, who had been staying with him. According to the cops, Rajkumar put them up at a guesthouse in Mahipalpur. On January 13, he left for Mumbai. Investigations show that the teenager was the sole custodian of the child between January 14 and 18. Sources claimed that others at the Mahipalpur guesthouse said Rajkumar had told them he had adopted the child and that she was healthy.\"The teenager's statements given to us and the child welfare committee suggest she had run out of patience with the child in these five days and had most probably physically harmed her. \"It seems unlikely that the child had been beaten up before January 14,\" a police officer said. \"The teenager was frustrated to be alone with a child. On December 16, the child fell when bathing and received grievous injuries. She cried through the night and the girl thrashed and even bit her hoping the child would stop crying,\" claimed a source.The girl had herself escaped from her Sangam Vihar residence on May 26 and stayed with one of her aunts for a couple of months before she met Rajkumar . The girl, claim cops, had a disturbed childhood after her mother died several years ago and she was sent to an orphanage in central Delhi where she studied till class 9. Cops say they are yet to either trace Rajkumar or Munni. They aren't sure if Munni was the baby's real mother. Teams are visiting Mumbai and Muzaffarpur in Bihar to trace Rajkumar and Munni. Sources claimed the child might have been picked up from a construction site in NCR or Bihar. \"We traced Rajkumar to his father-in-law's house in Mumbai, but he ran away. Earlier, he stayed at a rented apartment in Dwarka with his real wife, a cousin and his real sister. He paid Rs 11,000 as rent. His former neighbours say they don't know about his current whereabouts,\" said DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma. Sharma also said it wasn't clear whether Munni was the baby's biological mother.\"We have registered a case under IPC 363 for this reason. If a child of similar age group is lost, he can be traced and IPC 317 case of abandonment registered. But we want to clear the air that Laxmi has not been arrested but only detained,\" she said. Meanwhile , women and child development minister Krishna Tirath demanded for strong punishment against those involved in such activities to set a precedence. \"Buying and selling of girls is rampant across the country. This also seems like a similar case. Strong punishment should be given to the culprit so that people will see what happens in such cases,\" Tirath said while reacting to the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11693167", "title": "Red tapism leads top govt doctor to call it a day", "text": "CHENNAI: Top surgical gastroenterologist R Surendran on Monday announced that he would quit government service because he had had enough of bureaucratic sloth and mudslinging.Dr Surendran, who is on a three-year extension as director of the department of surgical gasteroentrology after his retirement in January 2010, has another year of service, but he said he would stop working from February 1.He said he had not drawn salary for his service post-retirement, though he is eligible for band-4 grade remuneration of approximately 80,000 a month, and that he would donate the money to the Cyclone Thane relief operations.The announcement, made at a function to celebrate the third anniversary of liver transplants at the Government Stanley Hospital, stunned the doctors, paramedical staff and patients present.In an emotional 25-minute speech, Dr Surendran compared himself to the protagonist in the movie \"Men of Honour\", in which Englishmen attempt to prevent Carl Brashear, played by Cuba Gooding Jr , from continuing as a US navy diver. He said he had faced difficulties at every step over the past few years.In 2005, the government gave Stanley Hospital permission to perform liver transplants. \"At every step, from training doctors to purchasing equipment, there was red tape and mudslinging. I even had to face a DVAC enquiry and allegations of misappropriation of funds,\" Dr Surendran said.On January 26, 2009, the surgeon had said that though the hospital was ready to perform liver transplants, the programme couldn't start as they did not have cadaver donations. Two days later, the hospital performed the first successful cadaver liver transplant surgery in a government hospital in the country. The liver of a brain dead patient from the Government General Hospital was used to replace the organ of a patient with end-stage liver disease.The hospital has performed 36 liver transplants free of cost so far. \"We lost a dozen patients either because they did not take medicines post-surgery or because we did not have equipment to control internal bleeding. The 24 other patients are healthy. That's because we have the best set of doctors here,\" he said on Monday.Another pet project of Dr Surendran, an exclusive stem cell research centre, was scheduled to be opened in 2009 but has not materialized.Health department officials said it was sad to see a senior doctor retire on such a bitter note. \"He hasn't handed over his resignation yet. If that's what he wants, he will be relieved,\" said a senior health department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11693318", "title": "Sexy wheels drive them crazy", "text": "The era of hatchbacks is a passe now as the young and busy boys of the city want a vehicle that offers macho looks, can be taken off road and doesn't guzzle gallons of fuel. And the market is set to stock a fleet of mean machines to lure this brass of young buyers.Almost every automobile maker has at least one SUV in pipeline set to hit the roads in 2012. Showrooms have been receiving an overflow of inquiries. Right from Mahindra's XUV 500 to Maruti's XA Alpha and Ford's EcoSport to Toyota Avanza, the dealers have been getting queries about the launch of all these head turners.While the XA Alpha has a long way before it hits Indian roads, XUV 500 saw almost 3,000 queries on the first day of its display in Chandigarh.Ankush Goel, owner of Goel Motors, Mohali, said, \"The bookings for XUV 500 would start on January 25. Due to the high demand for this SUV, the launch was postponed from November last year.\"\"We get numerous inquiry calls from young executives in their early 30s every day. Even students are interested to book the trendy off roader because of its price,\" said Goel. There would be a draw of lots for booking over 7,200 numbers of XUV 500 on February 15 as a long queue is expected for it in Chandigarh.The other players would jump in the competition later this year with their models. Ford is ready to roll in its EcoSport by the third quarter this year.The excitement and anxiety of buyers can't be gauged with the inquiries alone as many keep a tab on launch dates through friends and other resources. Ghanshyam Pathania, CEO of Bhagat Motors, said, \"The USP of EcoSport is its turbocharged engine that offers 120 horsepower.\"Pathania said those aware about cars and specifications do not visit showrooms. They visit auto expos to check them out and when the booking dates are near, they come for test drives, said Pathania.Queries have started flowing in for Maruti's compact SUV as well. \"We have our MPV, Ertiga, at the showroom. But, the XA Alpha still has a long way to go,\" said Saleel Mehan, owner of the Autpace Maruti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11693360", "title": "Surprise raid after complaints of irregualarities at parking lots", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Following numerous complaints regarding irregularities in parking lots, a team from Chandigarh municipal corporation conducted surprise raids to ascertain the ground reality. The team found many irregularities and warned the contractors to implement the terms and conditions or face the action.Led by city mayor Raj Bala Malik, the team visited paid parking lots in the southern parts of the city. During her visit, the mayor emphasized that the entry/exit points of each paid parking lot must be kept free for easy exit or entry.The raided lots included the ones in Sector 35-C, Sector 34 Zone-I, Piccadily cinema, Sector 34 and Sector 35-B among others. At the parking lot in Sector 34, the team found a parking attendant without uniform. There was no other attendant at this lot within a distance of 50m.The mayor also instructed officials concerned to update the display boards at parking areas and maintain them regularly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11692361", "title": "AU remembers Mahatma Gandhi", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Mahatma Gandhi sacrificed his life but motivated us to move forward in life, opines noted Gandhian and former Vice-Chancellor of Allahabad University Prof R P Mishra. He was speaking at a function organised at Gandhi Bhawan of AU on the death anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, on Monday.He further said that a true tribute to the father of nation would be to educate ourselves and others. Moreover the remedies of our daily problems lies in relevant and focused education aimed for a certain cause. He added that we all have Gandhi in ourselves provided we have to search him within.Speaking in the programme, the president of Allahabad University Teachers Association (AUTA) said that Gandhi's life in itself is a perfect example wherein his behaviour and principals depicted a way wherein national interests is more important then the personal life. In the programme, the director of Gandhi Bhawan, Prof M P Dubey said that Ghandi has taught and motivated us to carryon with the given responsibilities.Dr Avinash Kumar Srivastava, the Research Associate said that the life of Gandhi is like a light house showing the right path for the entire world.Similarly, the birth anniversary of Subash Chandra Bose was also celebrated in the city, on Monday. An inter institutional debate competition was organised by the Bengali Social Cultural Association wherein various schools of the city participated. A panel of three judges judged the speakers and declared the winners. While Kriti Narang and Upasana Bhatt were the winners, the runner up were Prapti Sharma and Hritwiza Srivastava. Narang was adjudged as the best speaker.The chief guest of the function, former professor of the department of English, Manas Mukul Das appreciated and encouraged the participants and the children in general for their wonderful efforts and hard work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11691757", "title": "Gujjars accuse govt of concealing facts from court", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan Gujjar Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti has slammed the state government for allegedly concealing facts from the high court while blaming the community for the damages caused to public properties during the quota agitations since 2007.\"We strongly condemned the government accusation that Gujjars caused a damage of Rs 30 crore worth of public property. The government has sheepishly evaded telling the court that it gunned down 70 Gujjars during the quota agitations in 2007 and 2008. It was these innocent killings that led the community men to protest on roads and rail tracks,\" Himmat Singh, the Samiti spokesperson, said in a press statement on Monday.The state government had mentioned about the public property damage in an affidavit recently filed before the high court that is hearing a contempt of court case against Gujjar leader Kirori Singh Bainsla, Himmat Singh and 12 others.The previous Vasundhara Raje-government had filed the litigation alleging that the community leaders violated the high court directions to maintain peace during their agitation for increased quota in government jobs and admission to educational institutions.The affidavit filed in court by the current Ashok Gehlot-government also accused the Samiti spokesperson of violating the conditions under which the community's protest at Bhandarej near Dausa was allowed on November 20, 2011.The government alleged that even though the permission for protest was only till 5 pm on that day, the spokesperson converted the community gathering into an indefinite protest.\"It is a baseless allegation. At 5 pm, I announced that the assembly was dispersed. But the community members decided to stay put saying it wanted a time-bound assurance from the government on fulfilling the quota agreement,\" Singh told TOI.In the statement released on Monday, the Samiti also hit out at the government saying that it failed to check the \"armed assault\" assault by the Meena community on the Gujjars during one of the quota agitations. \"Thousands of Meenas brutally killed four Gujjars and marched with arms for 45 km from Lalsot to Dausa. Gujjars were then forced to abandon their villages,\" Singh said.The Gujjars' Samiti has demanded the state government fulfill the agreement it signed on the quota demand in January 2011. \"The government was to submit a survey report on Gujjars and other communities for creation of a special backward class category to the state backward commission by July 5, 2011. This deadline was later extended till January 15, 2012. But the government has been unable to keep its promise,\" Singh said.Alleging that the government appeared to be maliciously depriving the Gujjars of the quota benefits, the Samiti stated the community would be forced to launch another agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11692302", "title": "'Mushk\u2019 Mahal reeks of neglect", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Mushk Mahal in Attapur may be a structure like none other in Hyderabad, but the treatment meted out to it is not reflective of this uniqueness. The once imposing structure today lies covered in layers of moss and filth and curious souls who attempt to walk in for a dekko of its historic interiors are welcomed by are volting stench.The construction of Mishk Mahal is attributed to Miyan Mishk Malik, the Absynnian commander of armed forces of the last Qutub Shahi king, Abul Hasan Tana Shah during 1678. Constructed as a getaway for the Golconda royals, the two-storeyed palace was protected by high walls with two prominent gates leading to it from the north and south. The walls long gone, the mahal has been left to fend for itself from the vagaries of nature and the ever narrowing maze of concrete.The supposedly 10 acres of land it was built on, has shrunk to less than a fraction. The building's visage now sports deep-rooted weed growth and wild shrubs. \"Mishk Mahal is a fine example of Qutub Shahi era architecture. It is one of its kind to have survived outside Golconda. Other similar structures were reportedly brought down during Mughal conquests.Though there were plans to award the heritage structure, we could not do it last time around because the structure is not under protection. A structure of this stature needs to be conserved,\" said Anuradha Reddy, Intach convenor for Hyderabad chapter. She alleged that local authorities have done little to protect the heritage of the structure.In an irony of sorts, the name of the palace has been corrupted to 'Mushk' Mahal, but the 17th century monument today actually serves the purpose of urinal for passersby and locals. A local from the area attributes this to growing encroachment around the area. \"We have heard that several land grabbers with political backing are eyeing the remaining land and the mahal itself,\" said an elderly local. He added that a barbed fence recently put up around the monument has deterred passersby from relieving themselves around the structure.The palace is not under the aegis of ASI or state archaeology department. It is under the patronage of GHMC's heritage wing. An official from the heritage wing admitted that little has been done to conserve the structure. \"Though this issue has been brought to the notice of the government, nothing has been done to conserve the structure,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11692863", "title": "SIT did not exhume bodies from Naroda Patia well: Bhatt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The day special court hearing Naroda Patia massacre case visited the crime site, suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt claimed that special investigation team (SIT) has not exhumed remains of people killed and thrown in the well called Teesra Kuva during post-Godhra riots.Bhatt has alleged that SIT did not care to exhume remains of illegally disposed of bodies despite the fact that he had supplied intelligence reports of February 28, 2002, informing that foul smell was emanating from the bodies of riot victims disposed of in the abandoned well behind the State Transport Workshop in Naroda Patia. The reports also said that a dead pig was thrown in the well to divert attention of investigators.With a letter written to SIT chief R K Raghavan, Bhatt has also attached the intelligence input and a formal intimation by then State Intelligence Bureau (SIB) head G C Raiger to city police commissioner P C Pande on the same day saying that the well was being filled up with rubble. Raiger sought further information on the issue.Reiterating his request to SIT chief to get his statement recorded before a magistrate, Bhatt writes, \"I believe that no genuine and sincere efforts have been made till date, by any agency including the SIT, for exhumation of the remains of the unaccounted and unidentified victims of Naroda Patia massacre.\"The follow up messages by SIB recommended to the police department that site was required to be properly excavated and examined on the allegations that bodies of riot victims were thrown in the well.In his 14th letter to SIT, Bhatt has mentioned that he was supplying the documents again to the probe agency so that it does not disregard crucial evidence with a view to screen powerful offenders from legal punishment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11692389", "title": "Ashwini enthralls on Day 1 of Saptak's music festival", "text": "NAGPUR: Saptak's three-day music festival in memory of Pandit CR Vyas opened with a power-packed performance by classical vocalist Ashwini Bihde-Deshpande, on Monday evening.As a filled-to-capacity auditorium settled to an evening of fine vocal recital, the vocalist dedicated the performance to Goddess Saraswati, the goddess of learning, as Basant Panchami was observed just two days ago.Beginning with a vilambit bandish in raag Triveni, Ashwini in her balmy and mellifluous voice structured the composition, taking it to a crescendo with superb laykaari, fine alaaps and taan. She displayed her total mastery over sur which she effortlessly presented to the audience in a style and skill which she has honed over the years. That she is to music born was evident as she held the audience totally in thrall, awestruck and mesmerized, too afraid to even applaud lest they break the spell.The second presentation was raag Jaijaiwanti in dhrupad teen taal. This too was rendered in a manner which displayed her matured style as she hit the higher scales with softness and fluidity only a maestro can display. The bhajan Mere Raana ji main Govind gun gaana was presented with all the emotion and devotion so peculiar to Meerabai's devotional compositions. Ashwini finished the evening with a Bhairavi.Attributing the fine presentation to the high standards of the Jaipur gharana to which Ashwini Bhide-Deshpande belongs, Mona Mardikar the retired Hod of music at LAD College said, \"Those who belong to the Jaipur gharana are known by the manner in which they take the taan and alaap. It is like drawing a rangoli, in which two to three surs are bunched together and presented which makes their singing a cut above. Ashwini has a good voice, as her mother Manik Bhide has learnt under another high priestess of classical music, Kishori Amonkar, and has developed her own unique style. All this was more than evident today.\" The second day of the music festival will feature a sarod recital by Ayaan Ali Khan on Tuesday at 7pm at the Scientific Society Hall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11693929", "title": "The literacy pioneer is no more", "text": "KOCHI: Ernakulam became a global headline, thanks to him. K R Rajan, 73, former district collector who died in Kochi on Monday, would be remembered for making the city a 100% literate district in 1990. During his tenure, 1981-82 and 1987-91, he proved that bureaucracy can do wonders with a well-planned strategy.His war on illiteracy took a year and the city rejoiced when Prime Minister V P Singh declared Ernakulam as India's first literate district. Rajan was instrumental in transferring the collectorate from the city to Kakkanad during his first tenure as collector. This move changed the whole face of this sleepy suburb, and laid the foundation stone for a new Kochi.V J Kurian, who succeeded him, said Rajan was an excellent administrator who wanted to make the administration accessible to the common man. \"He was a great visionary and a humanitarian. He inspired all with sheer hard work and vision.\"\"He brought in volunteers, gave training and organized a well-planned campaign. It was he who introduced activists-initiated programme for a government project,\" said S M Vijayanand, additional chief secretary, who was Rajan's counterpart in Kollam.Justice V R Krishna Iyer remembers him as the best collector Ernakulam ever had. He found 50,000 volunteers who spent their Sundays finding illiterates in every nook of the district, aged 5-60, 70% of them women. He found 22,000 volunteer teachers who took classes in huts, hills and paddy fields to help these people.\"More than a collector Rajan was one of us, a good human being. He was down-to-earth and was there to help the needy,\" remembers M P Parameshwaran, founder member of Shasthra Sahithya Parishad. Rajan's body will be cremated at Ravipuram on Tuesday at 4 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11693405", "title": "Corporation to implement round the clock drinking water scheme", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Coimbatore Corporation will implement a 24x7 drinking water distribution scheme under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM) at the cost of Rs 595.24 crore.The corporation council passed a resolution on Monday that the old corporation areas (not including areas which fall under corporation limits under the expansion scheme) would soon get 200 million litres of drinking water every day from Siruvani and Pillur scheme. Chennai-based consultant Pitzner Engineers Private Limited had made a detailed project report.The fund allotted by the corporation will be utilized to replace the water supply pipelines and build new water tanks. The corporation will replace feeder main for 90 km and distribution main for 1,360 km. It will build 29 water tanks to add to the existing 34. These will be used to supply around 200 million litres a day, 125 from the Pillur II scheme and around 75 from the Siruvani scheme.Similar projects have been implemented for the last three years in Hoogli, Belgaum and Gulburga in Karnataka state. Mayor and councilors of the corporation will go to Karnataka state to inspect the project.In yet another resolution over 3,443 new vacancies will be created in the corporation areas. The resolution said that the corporation is paying Rs 93.45 crore as salary and pension to staff and retired staff. This amount is 37.59% of the corporation revenue. It has been expanded and 11 new local bodies were attached with the corporation. Staffs who have been working in the l1 local bodies are receiving Rs 7.50 crore every year. The corporation has been paying Rs 7 crore to the staff who are working on an agreement basis.If the present vacancies are fulfilled in the corporation, it will incur an additional expenditure of Rs 5.01 crore. There is a shortage of engineers, sanitation staff and employees for other sections. If the vacancies are filled, the corporation can run better, the resolution said.When the 11 new local bodies are added to the corporation, 3443 vacancies have to be fulfilled and an additional expenditure of Rs 160.81 crore will be incurred. This is 48.56% of the total revenue of the corporation.EOM", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11692323", "title": "2 killed, dozens trapped in warehouse collapse", "text": "NAGPUR: At least two persons died and close to 30 people were buried in debris when a 15,000-square-foot cold storage unit located at Chikhli Layout in Kalamna collapsed around 6 pm on Monday. Ten people, including women and children, had been rescued until 10.15pm. Many of those being pulled were unconscious. All were rushed to nearby hospitals. There were around 40 people inside the warehouse when it caved in.Fifty-year-old Santram Bharti was among those rushed to Mayo Hospital but died during treatment. Others including Raju Wairagade (40), Sarita Rawal (10), Pawan Wanjari (26), Jeevan Kausar (32), Sarju Pandhre, (16), Chainlal Patle (32) and Rajesh Gaikwad (40) were hospitalized at Mayo with various injuries. Dilip Walde, a 60-year-old watchman, also died during treatment at the same hospital. Some 300 jawans of 118 battalion territorial army led by Col VV Dineshan and Lt Col Saidas Wankhede joined the rescue effort. Rescue operations were still on at the time of going to press.Locals said that the warehouse, built three to four years ago, was in a poor shape. It was being used as a cold storage since about a month and a half. It could not be confirmed whether it was cleared by authorities for occupancy and other safety norms. Commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay told journalists at Mayo Hospital that he had visited the warehouse and its poor quality of construction was evident. It also appeared to have several illegal extensions. It was being used to store foodgrains.Warehouse owner Pramod Khandelwal reportedly also owns a dal mill. It was not immediately clear whether he was inside the warehouse when the accident took place. However, one of Khandelwal's close associates Pawan Kedia, a grain merchant, was also missing and believed to have been trapped under the rubble.This was second major tragedy of its kind in city. Four persons were killed when a fire broke out in home cum residence of scrap dealer Raju Lokhande in 2006 near Baidyanath square leading to collapse of structure. Minutes after the structure crashed without warning, locals pulled out 10-year-old girl Sarita Rao and five others. However, soon darkness descended and the power supply on the premises was snapped plunging the entire rescue operation into chaos. Policemen and personnel from the fire and emergency department reached the spot promptly and installed halogen lights. However, for about two hours immediately after the collapse, the operation was disorganized.It was only around 8.45 pm that two women were rescued from the collapsed structure. A few minutes later, two more men were pulled out. All of them were unconscious. Smell of some strong chemical hung heavy in the air even outside the warehouse. Earth excavators were pressed into service to clear the rubble at the five-storey structure.Mayor Archana Dehankar reached the scene. It was only after her arrival that the rescue gained pace. DCP Zone III Sanjay Darade, city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay, joint commissioner of police Sanjay Saxena reached the spot two hours after the incident while municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal arrived almost three hours late.Personnel from the National Fire Service College and National Civil Defence College, NIT engineers and personnel from WCL also joined the rescue. Interestingly, members from India Against Corruption , including city coordinator Ajay Sanghi, also reached the spot to help. Late in the night, the army personnel took over the operations, trying to clear the debris with spades and other equipment.Worried relatives rushed to the spot and joined the frantic search for their family members. Ajju Shripatre could not hold back his tears as his brother Amit lay trapped under the rubble for over four hours. Vishnu Meher, who worked at Khandelwal's dal mill, was transferred to work at the cold storage. Meher's wife Sharda said, \"My husband was coerced into working here. I have been looking for him but in vain.\"Some had a miraculous escape. Namdeo Sayare, a porter, said he crawled and jumped over debris and got out almost unscathed. Talking to this reporter, a dazed Sayare said he had helped four other workers Manoj, Rajesh, Mahesh and Manna come out of the mountain of rubble. \"The air inside was choking with gas and dust. We formed a chain by holding hands and climbed down from the fourth floor to the ground,\" he added.At Mayo Hospital, Rajesh Gaikwad said he was on the fourth floor when the structure came down. \"I crept up close to the wall and kept standing as concrete crumbled around me. Huge plumes of dust made visibility impossible. I kept standing until I heard my relatives calling out to me. I responded to them and slowly crawled down,\" he was overheard telling a relative. Raju Fating's wife Pushpa was also among those anxiously waiting at Mayo Hospital. She said it was her husband's first day on the job on Monday.Dhanvijay told journalists at Mayo Hospital, \"rescue operations will go on throughout the night. Whoever is responsible will be booked for culpable homicide.\"As the rescuers cleared the debris by the truckloads, grotesque signs of the tragedy emerged. Many mangled bicycles belonging to workers were extricated. As the operation gathered pace, a rumble of generators and shouts from the rescuers punctuated the proceedings. As the night wore on, cries for help from those trapped inside started falling silent and wails of ambulance sirens filled the air.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11693914", "title": "Times Anugrah to continue till Feb 5", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Times of India in association with BSNL launched the third edition of 'Times Anugrah'--- a woollen clothes donation campaign. The campaign which began on January 28 will continue till February 5. People are requested to join hands with us to spread the warmth and love among those in need by donating their winter wears. The clothes collected in this drive will be distributed across orphanages, Cheshire homes, old age homes and among the homeless. A network of associates, NGO's and the public administration department will ensure effective and efficient distribution of winter wears among those in need of respite from the bitter cold.Collection points have been set up at multiple prominent locations in the city, including The Times of India office at 16, Rana Pratap Marg, BSNL office at La Place, Dayal Paradise, Gomti Nagar, JSV Hyundai, Faizabad Road, Cherry Tree Bakery, Niralanagar, Noopur Institute of Music and Yoga, Kapoorthala, Kidzee, Indiranagar and the Millennium School on Rae Bareli Road among many others. Do your bit and help in making this noble endeavour a success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11692747", "title": "NMC receives 2,800 new EVMs with memory cards, timers", "text": "NAGPUR: There will not be any scope to blame electronic voting machines (EVMs) for any glitches in the civic elections, with 2,800 new machines being received by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) with in-build memory card and a timer.State Election Commission (SEC) had opted to change EVMs to put an end to some issues. NMC had deposited the money with the SEC, which placed the order with Hyderabad-based Electronic Corporation of India to supply NMC the EVMs.The memory card in these EVMs has been installed at manufacturing stage. The entire polling on EVMs will be recorded in memory card. If any candidate or party approaches the judiciary challenging EVMs, memory card will be used as evidence and may be submitted in court. The card cannot be removed by civic authorities without directives from court or SEC. This would automatically reduce any chances of allegations against the misuse.The EVMs received by NMC this time also comprise of a built-in timer. The timing is set automatically at the manufacturing stage. The timing of first and last vote polled will be recorded automatically in EVMs. Another latest feature is registration of booth number in machines, also a step forward in preventing allegations and ensuring smooth functioning of polling.Additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare told TOI the EVMs are being checked by experienced staffers from electrical department.\"The EVMs will be opened and sealed after feeding in names of the contestants in front of them or their representatives. The new EVMs are sufficient for election. Up to 15 candidates can be listed on one ballot unit. In case of more candidates, additional unit will be placed. In case of more than four units at a booth, another controlling unit will also have to be used,\" he said.NMC has provided 1,100 old EVMs in its possession for zilla parishad election. This would be second time polling will be conducted on EVMs in NMC elections. The first time it happened in 2007.There would be 2,485 polling booths for these NMC polls, with one EVM at each polling booth while 246 EVMs will be kept for emergencies or malfunctions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11694344", "title": "'Jinxed' AI flight finally lands at Sahnewal airport", "text": "LUDHIANA: It was a day when the unexpected happened. The jinxed Air India flight to Delhi landed at the Sahnewal airport on Monday.Though the flight took off 45 minutes late, yet it was a big relief for the passengers that at least the flight could operate.Owing to bad weather conditions in the month of January, the flight could land only thrice , on January 9, 27 and on Monday. Now the Air India officials are expecting it to be operational on a regular basis as the weather is getting bit better.According to them, January was better than December during which the flight had landed only once. On the rest of the days, it was cancelled either due to bad weather or operational reasons.Manager with Air India, Amrik Singh said, \"In the morning, there was dense fog and we were not sure whether the flight could land or not. But then the sky was clear and it went in our favour.\"He further said the flight was supposed to take off at 12.30pm but departed at 1.15pm with a delay of almost 45 minutes.However, due to these frequent cancellations, the response of commuters has waned off. While earlier there used to be around 30-35 commuters daily, now the number has come down to 10-15 only. On some days, it's even lesser than 10.\"Bad weather conditions are the most important factor behind cancellation of flight. There is no support system at the airport to fight poor weather. The authorities must do something for the same, otherwise the situation would never improve,\" said Pankaj Sharma, a businessman and resident of Udham Singh Nagar.Echoing the same, a student and resident of Model Town, Harjas Kaur said, \"The politicians used airport for their political benefits but they forgot about residents and their benefits. If political leaders were really concerned about us, they would have tried to improve the situation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11692393", "title": "Officials highlight the virtue of voting", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With barely two weeks left for the polling when the fate of over 280 candidates contesting from 12 assembly seats in the district would be locked in EVMs, officials of the EC are mobilizing the voters and telling them about the strength of each and every vote. The officers are working overtime to increase the voting percentage, especially in urban sectors that had recorded only 24% voting in the 2007 elections.Be it educational institutes or Magh Mela area, officials are visiting every nook and corner of the district and have even placed attractive hoardings at city main streets.These efforts are being undertaken on a war-footing after analyzing the fact that voter turn-out had always been low in urban sectors.Under the strategy, the officials of the district election office had covered 22 colleges and three technical institutes and apprised the young voters about the virtue of voting.District election officer/district magistrate Alok Kumar had himself taken the command and apprised the students of technical institutes about the power of votes.Apart from awareness campaigns, other activities like street plays, human chains and door-to-door campaigns have also taken up on a war-footing and stress has been laid on City North and South assembly areas where the voting percentage was recorded less in compared to other areas.The election officials were assisted by college teachers, principals and officials of ADA and AMC to carry out awareness campaigns in City North, South and West areas.Similarly, Directorate of Field Publicity has also taken initiatives and carried out rallies at Magh Mela campus.Slogans like \"Tabhi Banega Desh Mahan, Jab Hoga Poora Matdan\" are aired and volunteers from Scout/Guides have taken the task to educate the Mela visitors about the importance of vote.Field publicity officer Merajuddin said: \"By taking out awareness campaigns in Magh Mela area, we have been successful in apprising lakhs of devotees/visitors about the importance of casting vote.\"He added: \"When lakhs of pilgrims from all across the state are coming to Magh Mela area, the appeal would surely bring positive results in this election.\"Officials at district election office pointed out that between 1977 and 2007, voting percentage in city areas including City North, City South and City West had never crossed 50% mark (except 1993 elections).In 1993 elections, City South, City West and City North assembly seats had recorded 52.09, 52.03 and 41.69 percent voting.While there has been an increase in the voters in City West, City North and City South assembly seats this year, the City North and City West had increased 24.62 and 22.55 percent voters respectively in the state.Deputy district election officer Chunku Ram said: \"Officials are making sincere efforts to aware voters about their voting right and appealing them to come out from their houses on the polling day to cast their valuable vote.\"More or less, the administration has also been making efforts to dispatch voters slip to each and every voter at their doorstep with an objective of increasing voting percentage.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11687164", "title": "Why Shah Rukh Khan's alleged slap\u2019s most shocking!", "text": "Its hard to believe, that Shah Rukh couldn't take Ra.One criticism too well.Shah Rukh was trending the whole of Monday on Twitter, reason being his alleged fight with Farah Khan's husband Shirish Kunder at Sanjay Dutt's party. The news was splashed all over the web, tv etc.It has been reported that Kunder was beaten up by SRK as Kunder had written unflattering things about Ra.One on Twitter. The filmmaker's wife has also confirmed the news clarifying there was no provocation from Shirish's end.However its hard to believe considering, Shah Rukh Khan mocked himself and Ra.one throughout the 'Filmfare' evening before heading to Sanja Dutt's party where the fiasco happened.Shah Rukh stated things like, \"Ra.one ka sab kuch beeka, sirf tickets hi nahi beeke.\" Ra.One's every merchandise was sold out except for the tickets. He also joked about how producing Ra.One was a painful experience. He even laughed at Ranbir joking about his 'overacting' in Don 2 at the Filmfare awards last night.SRK doesn't come across as someone who cannot take criticism, for he mocked himself the whole evening. Wonder if this episode has anything to do with a personal rivalry more than a professional one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11693499", "title": "State submits report on jallikattu in high court, claims no bull was injured", "text": "MADURAI: Submitting an affidavit detailing the various safety measures taken at jallikattu, the state government on Monday told the Madurai bench of Madras High Court that \"no bull was dead or injured and the number of participants injured, was far less as compared to the previous year.\"When the matter came up for hearing before the bench on Monday, a report from the district collectors of Madurai, Sivagangai and Trichy and a detailed affidavit, CDs, photos on behalf of the state government were filed.Guru Krishnakumar, the additional advocate general submitted that to ensure zero casualty, all the safety measures have been adhered to strictly, under the Tamil Nadu Regulation of Jallikattu Act, 2009 and the various directions of the Supreme Court and the high court from time to time. Due to these steps, the number of bull deaths and injuries were nil.However, G R Swaminathan counsel for an animal activist produced some photographs which were taken at the time of jallikattu events, recently. He said the photographs itself would speak how cruelties were meted out to the animals.Krishnakumar said there was absolutely no cruelty meted out to animals during the event. Stating that the events are being conducted in various other districts till May, he sought to permit to conduct the jallikattu events in other districts.Declining to grant such relief as sought, the judges said that they could not grant any blanket order. They would decide the future events if the matter comes before them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11693883", "title": "It's make-or-break for regional parties at polls", "text": "MARGAO: The four main regional parties-United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP), Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP), Save Goa Front (SGF) and Goa Vikas Party (GVP)-will be facing serious challenges for survival soon if they fail to put up a good show at the forthcoming assembly elections, political observers said.The UGDP has already been de-recognized by the Election Commission of India (ECI) following its continued poor performance in the last few elections. However, as per the Election Symbol (Reserved &amp; Allocation) Order, 1968, the ECI has allowed the UGDP to use its 'two leaves' symbol for this election. This concession, legal experts said, has been granted for a period for six years from the date of de-recognition of the party with a view to \"giving some breathing time\" to the political outfit to regain the ECI's recognition.In the 2007 assembly election, the UGDP had won one seat out of 40 assembly seats and secured 5.04% of the total valid votes. At the 2004 Lok Sabha polls, the party did not win any seat and had secured 1.06% of the total valid votes.\"As per legal provisions, the UGDP has now to secure at least 6% of the total electoral share or win at least 5% of the assembly constituencies, which means that the UGDP needs to win at least two seats. We are confident of putting up a very good performance and retaining our symbol,\" UGDP vice-president Radharao Gracias told TOI.Fear of de-recognition also looms large over MGP, one of the oldest political parties in the state. MGP sources said that the party needs to secure at least 8% of the total votes polled, or get three of its candidates elected to the state assembly in order to retain its recognition. MGP president Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavlikar said, \"Without an alliance, we will concentrate on winning at least three seats. If we get into an alliance, then we will be able to win at least five seats.\"The Save Goa Front launched by PWD minister Churchill Alemao ahead of the last 2007 assembly election, is facing a legal battle over the issue of the party's leadership. In 2009, the ECI had recognized Anton Gaonkar as SGF president, but this was challenged by a rival faction headed by Kennedy Afonso in the Delhi high court. Following the directives of the Delhi high court, the ECI is now hearing the case afresh.At the latest hearing held on January 27, Gaonkar is learnt to have submitted to the ECI certain documents to show that he had withdrawn his resignation as the SGF president in his bid to stake claim to the party chief's post. Raul Pereira is pitted against Gaonkar to take over the reins of the party. The next hearing will now be held on February 3. The SGF leaders are hopeful that the leadership issue will be settled by the ECI soon so as to enable the party to contest the assembly polls.For the GVP which has now entered into an alliance with the UGDP following its revival by its supremo, the Benaulim MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, the March 3 polls will be its debut entry. Though the alliance leaders have stated that they will field candidates in all 40 constituencies, the two regional parties are facing a challenge of attracting candidates to field.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "panji", "code": "11695982", "title": "Congress made Kalmadi scapegoat in CWG scam: Venkaiah", "text": "PANJI: BJP leader Venkaiah Naidu today accused the Congress of making sacked CWG Organising Committee chairman Suresh Kalmadi a \"scapegoat\" in the Commonwealth Games scam.\"Why Delhi Chief Minister ( Sheila Dixit ) was not arrested in connection with the financial irregularities in the Commonwealth Games?...Why was union sports minister not arrested? Why was union urban development not arrested for their role into the scam?\" he said at a rally in Mapusa town, marking wrapping up of the fortnight-long BJP's 'Jana Sampark Abhiyaan' launched by Arun Jaitley .\"Kalmadi was made a scapegoat in the CWG scam,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11692819", "title": "Animal lovers fight for missing pups", "text": "MUMBAI: Animal lovers at Kandarpada in Dahisar (W) have taken on the cause of a female stray dog whose 10-day-old puppies have somehow disappeared from within a housing society.On Monday, the activists along with a few local residents also submitted a complaint letter to the policeMHB police station, police urging the authorities to investigate under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960, how the vulnerable pups disappeared from the society. The society's treasurer said no society member was responsible for the disappearance of the puppies. -Vijay SinghAnimal Welfare Officer, Sourabh Edwankar, who was first informed about the matter, told TOI: A female stray had recently given birth to a litter of six pups inside Palak Pluto Cooperative Housing Society in Dahisar. However, since three of the puppies reportedly disappeared from the spot, some of the animal lovers intimated the local police.''Sheetal Mendonsa, whose parents reside in this housing society, commented: When I asked the building watchman where the puppies had gone, he clearly told me that he was 'ordered' by a society member to throw them out in a gunny sack. This is cruelty, as the mother of pups is now very stressed and anguished.''At present, three other remaining puppies are still holed inside a narrow space below the electrical room of the building. We are trying to take care of the remaining puppies; and have again requested the committee members to inform us where the other pups were dumped, since their mother is quite disturbed ,'' added animal activist Prashant Gawde, who had visited the society on Monday.While the housing secretary could not be reached for his comment, the society's treasurer, Roy Fernandes, said, \"No society member has ordered the removal of the puppies, so we have not shown cruelty to animals. There were five puppies, and only two are missing now.''The treasurer added that they want to amicably settle the issue of stray dogs, as some of the strays are a danger to the children in the society. Sometime back, another puppy was crushed under a car inside our society. So we are requesting animal lovers to ensure that such incidents do not happen again here by having a peaceful settlement,'' he explained.However, another concerned animal welfare officer, Ganesh Nayak, of the NGO 'Animals Matter To Me (AMTM)' stated: It is alarming to note several clashes between animal lovers and society members over the presence of harmless strays in the society. It is wrong and illegal to hit any animal or try to forcefully throw them out.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11692339", "title": "239 candidates file nomination forms on the second-last day", "text": "NAGPUR: With just a day left for filing of nomination forms, as many as 662 candidates including sitting corporators and aspiring candidates on Monday purchased nomination forms. About 239 candidates also submitted their nomination forms.The highest number of nomination forms were purchased from Narendra Nagar (73), followed by Nehru Nagar (70), Shanti Nagar (69), Mangalwari (67), Ashi Nagar (63), Hanuman Nagar (61), Gandhibagh (58), Dharampeth (52), Laxmi Nagar (47), Lakadganj (39), Dhantoli (32) and Satranjipura (31).On Monday, Mangalwari zone received as many as 17 forms from candidates and they include sitting corporator Prashant Chopra among them. In Prabhag number 22-B (Seminary Hills), Akhilesh Mishra and his brother Vinod too submitted forms.Resentment prevailed among NCP supporters in Prabhag number 10 (Mecosabagh) when sitting corporator Rajesh Mate had to pave way for Lok Manch candidate Rajiv Thool. Sitting corporator from Lokmanch, Babbi Baba's wife Ravinder Kaur is also contesting the civic election from the same prabhag.In Lakadganj zone, 17 candidates filed their forms and they include BJP corporator Devendra Mehar, ex-corporator Chetna Tank.In Nehru Nagar zone, 12 candidates among four from All India Forward Bloc and three from Congress party filed their forms. NCP candidate Dilip Pankule too filed his form at Laxmi Nagar zone. He will be contesting from 56 B prabhag (Deeksha Bhoomi). Another Congress candidate Jyoti Dawre has filed two nomination forms from both the wards of Prabhag number 72 (Airport).In Dhantoli zone, 13 candidates, including wife of corporator Rajesh Jargar, Preeti submitted their forms.22 candidates including corporators submitted their forms at the office of Narendra Nagar zone. Eleven candidates submitted their nomination forms at the office of Satranjipura zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11694153", "title": "Women activists, groups, back Saritha\u2019s demand", "text": "MYSORE: After research scholar M Saritha opposed the University of Mysore's decision to shift zoology professor Shivabasavaiah, indicted in a sexual harassment case, civil society is speaking against the move. Women activists and progressive organizations on Monday staged a sit-in at the DC office seeking the government's intervention to annul the Syndicate's decision of January 21 and initiate proceedings to dismiss Shivabasavaiah from service. Saritha had levelled sexual harassment charges against the professor, which are proved by the varsity's women harassment complaint committee.They have set a 10-day deadline for the government, threatening to launch an agitation in case it failed. Meera Nayak of Samata Vedike and K S Shivaramu of Karnataka State Backward Classes Forum joined the protest. Saritha's husband D R Vijayakumar was part of it. The protesters accused the varsity of denying justice to the victim and targeted the V-C V G Talawar, questioning his decision to chair the special meeting of the Syndicate that decided on the issue. \"Talawar is an accused in the case and he has excused himself from the Syndicate meetings when it discussed the issue on earlier occasions. Why did he chair the January 21-meeting?\" the protesters asked, accusing him of shielding Shivabasavaiah. They asked the government to scrap the controversial decision of the Syndicate and direct the varsity to award him maximum punishment.The varsity had cut nine increments of the professor on January 23 and approached the government to post him to Chamarajnagar PG centre as its coordinator. Meanwhile, the varsity is awaiting a reply from the higher education department for its direction on shifting Shivabasavaiah to the PG centre. \"We've forwarded the Syndicate resolution to the government and awaiting reply. It has to allow the transfer of the professor,\" sources told The Times of India.The higher education department has not replied to its letter written on November 16 seeking a direction on Shivabasavaiah's petition to take him back to the varsity. This followed the professor's transfer to Kuvempu University, which didn't allow him to take charge. Subsequently Shivabasavaiah approached the Mysore varsity. \"The government has to decide on his petition. In case it allows him to work from the Mysore varsity, the order transferring him has to be withdrawn and post him back to the varsity,\" sources stated. It has to consent for the shifting of the professor to the PG centre too, they explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "11692673", "title": "Tobacco auctions likely to be put off", "text": "GUNTUR: There seems to be no end to tobacco cultivators' travails with the Tobacco Board likely to delay auctions in the state. After auctions in neighbouring Karnataka, too, got delayed, the board has been unable to finalise the sale calendar for Andhra Pradesh in the coming season.According to sources, auctions are likely to begin in the middle of March, almost three weeks behind schedule. Last year, tobacco auctions began on February 21.More than 40 million kilos of stock is yet to be transacted on Karnataka platforms. Ninety-eight days after the launch of sales in Karnataka, merchants have picked up around 67 million kilos from the total authorised crop size of 100 million kilos.\"There was some delay in getting permission from Centre for putting the unauthorised crop up for sale,\" board chairman G Kamalavardhan Rao told TOI. There could be around 10 million kilos of unauthorised additional crop which would be on offer at the auction platforms along with the remaining stock of 30 million kilos. Sources said a fall in prices for Karnataka tobacco, considered the premium variety as compared with the AP stock, was one of the reasons for the delay in auctions.While cultivators in Karnataka used to get Rs 140 per kg for fine grade tobacco, the average price for the high quality variety has fallen to Rs 119 this year. The medium variety fetched only Rs 102 per kg while the lower grade stock got Rs 62 per kg. While authorities did anticipate a low crop, it has become clear that AP's production could be closer to the authorised crop of 162 million kilos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11692382", "title": "Hearing on Atiq\u2019s bail plea begins", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The hearing on the bail application of former MP Atiq Ahmed began in Allahabad High Court on Monday.Atiq had filed a bail application against his arrest under the Gangster Act which was registered with Dhoomanganj police.Justice DP Singh will continue to hear the bail application on Tuesday.The bail plea was opposed by SG Hasnain, additional advocate general.Atiq was arrested and sent to jail after Mayawati government took over the charge in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11692231", "title": "Some feel home school, like food, is best", "text": "When Ishita Ghosh, (23), failed her Class 8 exams her mother panicked. Unlike many of her peers, Ishita had immense difficulty in coping with daily lessons. After many visits to professionals, Ishita's mother, Debina, learnt that her child needed special attention with her studies.\"We found out that she was dyslexic and she needed extra attention with her academic syllabus. That is when I decided to homeschool her,\" said Debina.The trend of homeschooling has caught on in recent years with more and more parents switching to the practice. It has become a choice rather than a compulsion, say experts.\"The government has not paid much attention to the quality of education and to the needs of children and parents are realising that sub-standard education is crippling their children's abilities,\" said Nyla Coelho, coordinator at Taleemnet, a project for self- directed learning among children. \"Parents are constantly pondering over how much dedicated time will be given to their child in a class of more than 60 students. They are taking matters into their own hands,\" added Coelho.It was the same concern that convinced Vinita Sood to homeschool her children in the early 1990s. \"My eldest son Nitye was a perky three-year-old. But when I enrolled him in school for a week he lost all this enthusiasm. He kept telling me that he didn't know how to write the alphabet,\" said Sood. \"That is when I decided to teach my children. I wanted to build on their strengths,\" added Sood.So how did Sood manage this arduous task? Recounting her experience, Sood said she never really set a time-table for her sons, Nitye and Nikhil. \"Instead, I would wait for the children to ask for a schedule,\" said Sood. For months at a stretch the children did nothing that could be termed academic. \"That worried me to no end. But later I realised that they focused their attention on other pursuits like reading. They were learning at their own pace, \"said Sood.Principal of Indus World School, Gurgaon, Uma Ramachandran, says that homeschooling leads to active learning, which is two-fold. \"It is not just the child but also the parent who undergoes the learning process. Moreover, it promotes self-discipline too. The child is not learning for the fear of exams,\" she added. Ramachandran, who has been homeschooling her nine-year-old daughter Anandita Narayanan, says the practice does not hamper the ability to make friends. \"She meets her peers at classes and workshops. The difference I have noticed is that now she is very sure about herself,\" she said.Fourteen-year-old Sahal Kaushik - the youngest to crack IIT-JEE with an all India rank of 33 - was also homeschooled by his mother.However, homeschooling has a flip side too. Although the examination conducted by the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) might be considered at par with other examinations conducted by Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) and Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations (CISCE), children face problems when asked for their practical results in some subjects, says an official from a private institute.\"Even though the NIOS certificate is considered at par with other certificate examinations, some institutes offering dental, pharma and medical courses do not consider the open schooling practical dependable,\" he said. Students cannot appear for board examinations conducted by CBSE and CISCE if they are not associated with an educational institution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11692194", "title": "PIL in HC for clean toilets in courts", "text": "NAGPUR: Moved by the plight of lakhs of litigants at various courts across Maharashtra due to lack of clean toilets, a Pune-based firm - Litigants Association in Maharashtra (LAM) - has approached the judiciary to provide a solution. The state laws and judiciary secretary, building and communication department secretary and principal secretary planning have been made respondents in the PIL.Petitioner Bhalchandra Joshi, secretary of LAM, contended that litigants should get good treatment as they come to the courts with a hope of getting justice. He prayed for directions to the respondents to draft a policy and action plan for better sanitation infrastructure at courts across the state, along with specific budgetary provision.Citing a media report, the octogenarian also demanded that the court administration should maintain toilets and use modern technology for the same. He has demanded potable drinking water for all visitors and increase in number of sweepers in all courts.Asim Sarode, Kiran Kulkarni, and Maneesh Dixit, who are representing the petitioner, cited information collected from all courts in Maharashtra to say they found similar conditions everywhere.Joshi highlighted problems faced by many women judges, who he said are reluctant to speak up. He demanded a panel comprising representatives of judges association, Bar Council, litigants association and judicial employees association to look into the norms of non-legal administrative work.The Pune resident had drawn attention of the Bombay High Court registrar to this problem on April 25, 2011, through a letter, and also forwarded copies to district court judges and association of state judicial employees, but failed to get any response.Sahyog Trust's similar pleaTrustee of Sahyog Trust Ravindra Bhusari has filed a similar PIL in Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court, bringing to fore shortage of public toilets for women in the city. The petitioner had made the civic body respondent, contending that the number of toilets for women is miserably short as compared to the population.Citing statistics, he claimed that over 9.92 lakh women reside in NMC jurisdiction but there are only 131 public urinals for them. Smita Sarode Singalkar, who is pleading for the petitioner, demanded that the civic body acquire necessary land to construct new toilets. \"The issue is directly connected with the right to health and right to life of all individuals,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11694046", "title": "\u2018Dress code should not be a must in religious places\u2019", "text": "HUBLI: A few churches in Mangalore recently imposed dress code for church-goers. The dress code prohibits sleeveless tops, T-shirts with cheeky messages, short skirts and tight jeans. The church authorities said they want devotees to confirm to the 'modesty' code, as religious places are \"not party halls, where people display their fashion attire.\"To know the views of the GenNext on this, The Times of India visited JG Commerce College and spoke to degree students. Majority of the students were of the view that dress code should not be made mandatory in religious places. But at the same time they said dress sense is very important, and people should know \"what to wear, when and where.\"Manjunath S feels that dress code should not be imposed forcibly. \"However, we must wear decent dress while going to religious places and modern and western outfits while attending parties.\" Introducing of dress code in temples and churches does not bring about any change in the spirituality of a person. \"So, let's stop complicating things and not force on any to follow dress code as people go there only to pray and nothing else,\" opined Komal Chowbay. Dress code has nothing to do with devotion. Wearing short dresses and sleeveless and jeans has become casual these days. So, dress code is a non-issue, said Shweta A.According to Mahantesh S, instructing people to wear decent dress to religious places is a welcome step. \"We must wear clothes that reflect our culture and tradition,\" he said. Clothes only decide the appearance of a person and not his or her belief. \"So, it is necessary to implement dress code in religious institutions. After all, people come to religious places to pray. There is no question of anyone being provoked or distracted by looking at others,\" concluded Sanjana Joshi and Devika Vastrad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11693268", "title": "Prices of luxury homes in Mumbai fell by 18% last year", "text": "MUMBAI: Prices of luxury houses in Mumbai fell by 18% in 2011, the most among 23 world cities, according to a Knight Frank Prime Global Cities Index released on Monday. Although the global index rose by 3%, Asia fell by 1%. While prices in Mumbai fell the most (-18%), Nairobi (up 25%) was the strongest performer during 2011, said the report.\"Post the Lehman collapse, European and North American cities were largely responsible for the index's slump. Since late 2010, it has been the Asian cities which have dampened price inflation. In Q2 2010, prices in Asia Pacific were rising at an average rate of 23.6% each year, the comparable figure now stands at -1%,\" it said.The slowdown in the luxury Asian markets has highlighted the extent to which the \"old-world\" cities of London , New York and Moscow are outperforming the overall index. \"London and Moscow have ranked highly for several quarters but Manhattan's recovery is gathering momentum. Foreign demand for New York's luxury homes is not only strengthening, but is also starting to diversify with Chinese nationals increasingly evident, particularly in the $1-$3m sector,\" said the report.It added that the flight of capital towards the world's luxury neighbourhoods increased in 2011. \"Geo-political events in the Middle East and North Africa took hold and the tumultuous global economy weakened the viability of a number of alternative asset classes,\" it said.The report said price growth in 2012 will continue to be underpinned by this flight of capital from troubled world regions. This, combined with a desire amongst wealthy investors to target property and other real assets over financial products, will \"reaffirm prime property's safe-haven qualities in 2012\".4 million sq ft more for city mallsOver 15 million sq ft of organized retail space was added across the country last year. Of this, over 90% came from Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore and Chennai. According to CBRE, global realty consultants, the financial capital saw a high amount of activity in its retail market in the second half of 2011. Around 4 million sq ft of mall supply, mainly concentrated in the central and eastern suburbs, entered the Mumbai market in the second half of the year. Among notable retail transactions in the city were the first stand-alone hypermarket by Reliance Retail (approximately 80,000 sq ft on S V Road, Santa Cruz ) and Metro Cash &amp; Carry (India)'s second outlet, spread over 60,000 sq ft, in Borivli (E).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11693390", "title": "Stumbling Block Across City", "text": "KOLKATA: If you are among the millions who walk to work in Kolkata, you would be cursing mayor Sovan Chatterjee's pavement beautification drive for your sprained ankles, scraped knees and the messed up city. In spite of the crores spent on the project, Kolkata looks like a city in ruins, south to north.It's painfully clear that Kolkata Municipal Corporation's much hyped pretty pavement programme has backfired. The mayor had announced a month ago that the civic body would spend crores to beautify the footpaths along some of the major thoroughfares. In reality, pavements have been dug across the city, especially in prime locations of central Kolkata, and left that way, causing much hardship to pedestrians.KMC has spent more than Rs100 crore on pavement beautification across the city in the past six years, but you wouldn't believe it if you were stumbling from one pile of debris to another.Pedestrians allege that accidents have been occurring frequently in the past fortnight due to the dug-up pavements. Keya Biswas, an employee of a multi-national, narrowly escaped being run over a few days ago on Shakespeare Sarani, one of the prime locations of the city. The pavement in front of her office has been dug up and left that way for the past 10 days, forcing her and other pedestrians to the road. \"I had almost reached my office when I was hit by a taxi. I somehow escaped with my life but it could have been fatal. I wouldn't have been in that situation if the pavement had not been dug up,\" she said.Santanu Ghosh, an employee of a central government organization, is frustrated with the way he has to stumble about the pavement to reach his office on Jawaharlal Nehru Road. For over a fortnight, the footpaths in this posh area have been dug up and the debris dumped all over the place. \"When will this torture end? Every now and then, the KMC has been digging up the pavement only to relay it and dig it up again. I fail to understand what is the purpose of such a beautification? We face regular troubles when walking on pavements. Besides, it is a sheer waste of public money,\" Ghosh said.Large chunks of pavements along other major thoroughfares such as AJC Bose Road, Bowbazar Street, and SN Banerjee Road are also in a terrible shape. A pedestrian was heard remarking on SN Banerjee Road that it could be used for hiking and mountaineering lessons. The entire pavement is missing in parts of this key road that leads to Sealdah. The tiles have been left scattered here and there, forcing people to do a balancing act every few metres.Sheikh Munna, a hawker who sells leather ware at the intersection of JL Nehru Road and SN Banerjee Road, said that he has seen a number of mishaps because of the dug-up pavement. Rumita De, who comes to Chowringhee feels that pavements in city's central business district were going from bad to worse.\"I don't need a beautification of a pavement if it remains dug up for the better part of the year. It is definitely wasteful expenditure,\" De said. \"Give us a flat surface to walk on. We don't want pretty tiles,\" fumed a businessman on the way to his shop.On Cathedral Road, a notice board proudly announces 'Landscaping and beautification work under KMC'. Right below it is a huge mound of mud and debris. Some parts on Shakespeare Sarani are simply impassable.Faiyaz Khan, the former mayor-in-council member (roads), felt that it was a weak supervision on the part of the civic officials tat led to \"utter failure of the pavement beautification programe\". \"Merely spending crores of money on beautification will not solve the problems. We need to prioritize pavements that need to be upgraded so that we can concentrate on strengthening the weaker pavements. But, if funds are spent on beautifying the same pavements repeatedly, it is of no use,\" Khan said.Though more than a 100 crore has already been spent on pavement beautification, the KMC authorities have decided to undertake another such drive across the city. Mayor Sovan Chatterjee has asked the civic officials to beautify pavements on CIT Road (Phoolbagan), Beliaghata Main Road, Syed Amir Ali Avenue, Lenin Sarani, SN Banerjee Road and Cathedral Road among a host of other major thoroughfares. \"We have to spend Rs 10 crore in the next month to undertake such a pavement beautification drive in the designated spots. We have been asked to wind up the work by February-end,\" said a KMC official.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee, however, felt that the dug-up pavements were a \"temporary problem\" and that the civic body would take care of each and every pavement in the city. \"We need some more time for the beautification project to be complete. I have asked civic officials to work in a time-bound manner. Once it is over, this beautification programme will add glory to the city,\" Chatterjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11692748", "title": "Sena list out", "text": "The Shiv Sena announced its first list of nominees-55 of them-on Monday. As a precautionary measure, Matoshree distributed the nomination forms to its candidates much before formally announcing the 55 names. The Sena is contesting 136 of the 227 seats in the BMC.The remaining names will be declared on Tuesday, the last day for filing poll nominationThe party has repeated its sitting corporators including Sunil Prabhu, Vishnu Korgaokar, Yashodhar Phanse, Rajul Patel and Raju Pednekar. Mayor Shraddha Jadhav and former mayor Shubha Raul have also found a place on the list. Jadhav will contest from ward 169, which Mangesh Satamkar had trained his sights on. Satamkar is said to be upset with the Sena high command for ignoring his claim to ward No. 169.Spouses of sitting corporators like Manohar Panchal and Shashikant Patkar have been chosen. Sena MLA Vinod Ghosalkar's son, Abhishek, will contest from Dahisar. The Ghosalkar Sr. is a close acolyte of Uddhav Thackeray and chief of the Sena's organisational unit for Mumbai north.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11693969", "title": "DC international book fair begins", "text": "KOCHI: The fourteenth DC international book fair and cultural fest was inaugurated on Monday by Pakistan- English writer Qaisra Shahraz at the Marine Drive. Minister of state K V Thomas presided over the function.\"Promoting literature is our main focus while conducting such programmes,\" said Jaison, marketing official at DC Books. Many stalwarts from the field of literature participated and interacted with the public on the inaugural day.The book fair has dedicated a day focusing on children. Schoolchildren can take part in a story, poetry and composition writing competition 'Unnikale oru katha parayam' in both Malayalam and English on February 11 at 3pm.Stalwarts like O N V Kurup, Adoor Gopalakrishnan, M K Sanu, Sugathakumari, M Mukundan, K Jayakumar and politicians like Benoy Viswam and Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan will visit the fair. The book fair is conducted annually to present books by noted and aspiring writers in Kerala. Films from Tajikistan and Kenya will also be screened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11693006", "title": "Cept to study how to rationalize routes to increase passenger traffic for BRTS", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation has decided to carry out a study of various routes of the Ahmedabad Municipal Transport services (AMTS) that run parallel to the Bus Rapid Transit System.The AMC has decided to have the AMTS buses as a proper feeder bus to the BRTS. \"The AMC wants the AMTS to be a proper feeder bus service.\"Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology (Cept) officials will carry out a detailed study and will suggest routes which can be rationalized as BRTS services were available to the commuters on the same route.Former mayor and AMTS chairman Amit Shah said that apart from the study, the authorities have also decided to set up a coordination committee of Cept officials, AMTS and the BRTS. This committee will meet once every month and will constantly evaluate the routes and take decision to introduce feeder buses and rationalize longer routes parallel to BRTS.He said that on trial basis, some 18 buses have been put on road in Naroda and they move in different parts and return to the Naroda BRTS bus station.Refusing to be quoted, a senior AMTS officer said this was a move to get more passenger traffic to BRTS. He said that by rationalizing the routes, the AMTS will encourage people to travel more by BRTS. The officer added that even now during peak hours, BRTS buses are over crowded. \"Diverting more traffic means the BRTS will have to have more buses and the passenger would then be forced to use BRTS as AMTS buses would not be available,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11692190", "title": "'Special courts needed for terror related cases'", "text": "AMRAVATI: There is a need to establish special courts to hear cases related to terrorism, so that there is no political interference and cases are decided within six months, said chairman of All India Anti-Terrorist Front MS Bitta on Monday. He was addressing Techelons 2012, a national event organized by PR Pote (Patil) group of engineering and management institutes.Bitta lamented the apathy of government and lax attitude of politicians on the issue of Kasab and Afzal Guru , who have been awarded capital punishment but have not been executed as yet. Criticizing the government, Bitta said that brave officials like Karkare scarified their life in the 26/11 attack but the government has not punished the terrorist Ajmal Kasab but instead splurged around Rs 25 crore on his welfare.Bitta appealed to students to work for eradication of terrorism in the country. Exhorting the importance of independence, Bitta told students, \"Though we are independent, preserving this independence is difficult. Follow the ideas of great people like Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel, Bhagat Singh , Anna Hazare and work for terrorism free and corruption free India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11692373", "title": "Attempt to encroach over govt land foiled", "text": "GONDIA: An organized attempt by some 200 villagers to encroach on government land was foiled on Monday by tehsildar. The authorities demolished the temporary huts erected by the encroachers after the move was highlighted by some journalists.In view of increasing price of lands near Gondia, there is no dearth of encroachments on all sides of this business town. However, on Saturday, January 28, there was a collective effort by some 200 villagers from near village Fulchur on the outskirts of Gondia to grab government land. The land they had targeted is just behind local collectorate, zilla parishad, office of social welfare department and rural police station. The encroachment was carried out as if it was being done under some approved project.The price of land in areas around developing towns is increasing in leaps and bounds. And, general experience is that once such hutments are erected and allowed to remain there, they are never removed.The Saturday's collective effort appeared to have been preplanned, and was most probably carried out under the leadership of some political heavy weight. Some 200 villagers gathered on the huge open government land behind the collectorate, along with material required for demarcation of layouts, such as lime for marking, bamboos, measuring tape etc, and about 150 plots were demarcated.The encroachers had probably chosen that day because there were two consecutive holidays, on Saturday and Sunday, and they had decided to erect their huts within these two days, before any officer could take any action. They were proved correct, because by Monday (January 30) many huts had been erected and covered with plastic.Gondia tehsildar SA Motghare was informed on January 30 about this encroachment, and said he too had come to know about this. He had already sent his revenue inspector RI Turkar to the spot and himself reached the spot in some time.According to Turkar there were some 150 plots demarcated and huts erected on many of them. These plots were spread over Gat No 367, 463 and 501. A part of this land is proposed to be given to income tax department for its office, he said.ZP member of Fulchur Rajesh Chatur said when there is huge encroachment by political heavy weights in Gondia town itself, government does not remove them. \"When some poor people try to find shelter for themselves, government immediately removed it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11692850", "title": "A murderer is a murderer before the law: CM", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday emphasised that there would be no leniency shown to the accused in the AMRI tragedy that killed 91 people.Defending the arrest of Dr Mani Chhetri and Dr Pranab Dasgupta, she said they were taken into custody not because they were doctors but because they were administrators of the hospital.\"Dr Chhetri is a renowned doctor. He has treated many VIPs. But he is also the managing director of the hospital. The license of AMRI hospital is in the name of Dr Chhetri. The other doctor was also on the board,\" Mamata said, wondering why Chhetri, at the age of 91, had assumed the responsibility of managing director of AMRI hospital.The hospital tragedy had evoked strong sentiments across the world, she said in an interview to a private television channel. \"It is not a question of whether they are doctors. They were arrested as administrators. As an MD, Chhetri was the key to all decisions. Does anything happen in a company without the consent of its MD,\" she asked, adding that she has urged the administration to extend them all possible help.\"They will be treated in government hospitals. If they require private treatment they can approach the court,\" she said. Making it clear that law would take its own course, Mamata said she would not interfere in the progress of the inves-tigations.\"The matter is now sub-judice, so I will not influence the administration. But even when the first arrests had taken place, there was an attempt to give it a colour that a particular community was being targeted. Such attempts are unprecedented in the state,\" the CM said.She ridiculed the assertion that the AMRI arrests will hit the state's investment prospects. Mamata broached the topic in the TV interview and also a public function at Netaji Indoor stadium.\"Whether a rickshaw-puller or an influential person, the law is the same for everyone,\" she asserted, reiterating that no leniency would be shown to the accused. Mamata said there was a conspiracy to foster a divide on language, caste and religion. \"If I commit a murder should I be allowed to go scot free because I am a Bengali? A murderer is a murderer in the eyes of the law,\" she said.A few hours before the CM's tough talk, an Alipore court had extended the police remand of AMRI night administrator Sajid Hossain, , and AMRI vice-president (administration) Preeta Banerjee. They will be in a police lock-up till February 2.The court also ordered that Emami co-founder and AMRI director R S Agarwal be in jail remand at SSKM hospital till February 12.The prosecutors had pleaded before CJM C H Karim that Agarwal be sent to Alipore jail, like the other arrested AMRI directors. An SSKM medical board has informed the court that Agarwal did not need further hospitalisation. He was brought to the court lock-up in an ambulance, accompanied by doctors and nurses.Amit Bhattacharya, Agarwal's counsel, argued that he did not want to apply for bail because his client's bail application is slated to come up for hearing in Calcutta high court. He, however, made a strong pitch against Agarwal being sent to Alipore jail.Bhattacharya pointed out though the SSKM medical board said that Agarwal doesn't require hospital treatment , they chose to send him to court in an ambulance accompanied by doctors and nurses.Bhattacharya said that the Alipore jail had already informed the court earlier that it doesn't have the requisite medical facilities, which Agarwal - with severe diabetes , cardiac and neurological disorder - needs on a daily basis. In the light of this, Bhattacharya argued, the court should allow him to stay on in SSKM hospital till the matter is disposed of by Calcutta high court.Bhattacharya later told TOI that the bail plea made under 439 CrPC will come up for hearing in high court very soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11693954", "title": "NIA wants to probe fake currency cases", "text": "KOCHI: The National Investigation Agency (NIA) unit in Kerala has filed a report before the NIA headquarters seeking permission to take over the probe into three cases in which fake Indian currencies in large quantities were seized in Kerala.Fake currency to the tune of Rs 24.18 lakh and Rs 72.5 lakh were seized by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) from the Cochin International Airport and Karipur International Airport respectively. NIA sources said that they had forwarded the report which was likely to be approved by the NIA headquarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11692484", "title": "Kushwaha now faces CBI probe for role in scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP Lokayukta Justice N K Mehrotra has recommended registration of a case and a CBI and Enforcement Directorate probe against former state minister Babu Singh Kushwaha under the Prevention of Corruption and Money Laundering Act.The Lokayukta has found him prima facie guilty of large-scale anomalies in allotment of mines and other financial irregularities and forwarded a report to chief minister Mayawati for necessary action.\"There were three specific complaints against Kushwaha. The former minister for family welfare and mining did not send any reply in two of them while in the third matter, reply submitted was on an unsigned paper, so we can't take its cognizance,\" Justice Mehrotra said.Sources said Kushwaha allegedly committed large-scale irregularities in the allotment of mining licenses and doled them out to his favorites. Moreover, while the mandatory permission from the Union ministry of environment for mining lease of land above five hectare was not taken for granting this favour, Kushwaha made the beneficiaries partners in fictitious firms. Besides, the advertisement inviting bids for the mines were given to little known papers like 'Agnipath' and 'Radical Times' - published from Mahoba and Banda.Justice Mehrotra said the former minister had parked money in five firms in Kanpur, Lucknow, Jhansi and Banda. \"This apart, the records and evidence also clearly establish that both Kushwaha and his wife had dual identities. Kushwaha is named Ram Charan in the voters list and his wife has two names - Shivkanya and Sukanya,\" he said.Kushawaha was dropped from the cabinet after two CMOs were killed in Lucknow in October 2010 and April 2011. The two murders were said to be linked to the NRHM scam. Kushwaha was sacked from the BSP after he accused principal secretary, home, Kunwar Fateh Bahadur, cabinet sectary Shashank Shekhar Singh and senior minister Naseemuddin Siddiqui for conspiring to kill him. The CBI, which is now probing the CMOs murders and NRHM scam, has formally named him in one of the FIRs related to the scam.After being dumped by Mayawati, he joined BJP earlier this month. But, after the saffron party drew all-round flak for adopting a tainted politician, it suspended his induction. But, unofficially he continues campaigning for the BJP in the areas dominated by OBC voters.In another development, the Lokayukta has issued a notice to UP power minister Ramveer Upadhyay for possessing \"benami'' property in the name of his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "11694240", "title": "Villagers protest against teacher for showing students porn on laptop", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: Members of six village panchayats staged a protest on Monday, demanding the suspension of a JBT teacher with immediate effect for showing obscene pictures on his laptop to students. They also submitted a memorandum to the district administration, threatening a school lockout if the authorities failed to shift Anand Gangakhas in the next two days.Panchayat members from Kunjan, Damla, Hafijpur, Dudhala, Ratangarh, Dodang villages assembled at the school premises of Government Senior Secondary School, Damla, in the morning, where Dobang sarpanch Balbir Singh Saini told the school staff and others, \"Various parents have complained against the objectionable behavior of this teacher with girl students. We will not rest till the education department suspends the teacher and conducts a fair inquiry against him.''Former sarpanch of Kunjan village, Dara Singh added, \"The teacher has crossed all the limits (of decency). It is shameful that a teacher should display obscene pictures before girls. Such an act would definitely shake the trust of parents.\"According to the school staff, Anand has a history of misbehavior and is not on good terms with colleagues. They said he had even made passes at an under training teacher but the matter was sorted out following the intervention of seniors. \"We have received several complaints against the teacher's rude behavior. I can only say that he always brings his laptop with him. But we did not know that he really showed such pictures. I have written to the higher authorities after the villagers submitted a complaint,\" said principal Sunita Tyagi.District education officer Jagjit Kaur confirmed receiving a complaint from panchayat members. \"We will conduct a speedy inquiry in this regard and take strict action against teacher if the allegations levelled by villagers are found to be true,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11692960", "title": "Maval firing inquiry begins", "text": "PUNE: The justice (retd) M G Gaikwad committee began the inquiry proceedings in the Maval firing case on Monday.On the first day of the hearing, the committee recorded the evidence of Nilesh Patil, resident medical officer of Aditya Birla hospital at Chinchwad. The evidence was recorded to prove bullet injuries of four people in the alleged police firing on August 9, 2011. Patil had conducted preliminary examination of the injured and had issued medical certificates.The witness was examined by lawyer Sushilkumar Pise on behalf of the Maval farmers. He gave details of the bullet injuries received by Yogesh Tupe and Amit Dalvi on their right buttocks, Shivaji Varve on his left ankle and Vishal Raut on the left shoulder before referring them to a surgeon for further treatment.However, Patil could not give details whether the bullets were fired from a close range or long range during cross examination by the committee counsel Sadanand Deshmukh.Patil, when cross examined by lawyer Sureshchandra Bhosale who is representing the Pune rural police, admitted that he was not an expert to give an opinion in such cases. He admitted that he was a new recruit with a three-month at the time of the incident.However, when former district government pleader Dnyandeo Dashrath Shinde representing the state government cross examined Patil, he deposed that the chief medical officer had also examined the patients and the hospital had sent the injury certificates to the Hinjewadi police station.The committee will examine the hospital orthopaedic surgeon Sambhaji Shinde on Tuesday.Three farmers, including a woman, were killed in police firing near Baur village on the Pune-Mumbai expressway on August 9, 2011.The farmers, numbering around 500, were holding a rally against the acquisition of their land for a water pipeline project. The police booked around 1,400 for attempted murder and rioting. The incident had rocked the Assembly and Parliament and six cops were suspended for vandalising vehicles. The home department suspended two police officers for opening fire on villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11693391", "title": "Current situation crippling industry", "text": "COIMBATORE: In light of the pervasive power crisis in Western Tamil Nadu, Coimbatore Tirupur Micro and Cottage Entrepreneurs Association (COTMA) submitted a petition to the collector on Monday, grievance day, demanding unsuspended power supply to industry.Though the state government had announced a scheduled two-hour power cut each day, the unscheduled cuts run over six hours each day, creating problems for industry, said S Ravikumar, president, COTMA.There are more than 30,000 micro and cottage industries in the district. About 50 per cent of the work in these industries has been affected by unscheduled outages, he said. Firms are losing job orders and employers are finding it difficult to pay back bank loans, Ravikumar said. Low production and high losses have forced them to sell their machinery to pay back loans and other dues. As much as 30% of the industries have reduced their machinery by half, he said.If the power cuts continue, thousands of companies in Coimbatore will be forced to close, said M Loganathan, secretary of COTMA. While domestic companies are struggling, TNAGEDCO supplies uninterrupted power to foreign industries that have set up base in the state. Companies in Chennai face only an hour of power outage a day. The association requested the district administration to declare staggered power holidays to sort out the problem. They urged the government to distribute power to all companies equally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11694322", "title": "Metro to flash coach alerts at stations", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) Monday said they are planning to install advanced Passenger Information Display System (PIDS) at Metro stations in order to avoid chaos and confusion at the stations. To assist passengers in positioning themselves on the platform while waiting for the train, DMRC has decided to flash the information regarding the number of coaches in advance.For this, the DMRC is modifying its signaling and telecommunication software so that information regarding the train-whether it is a four coach train or six--- will be displayed on the PIDS. DRMC started manual announcements at Rajiv Chowk and Kashmere Gate Metro stations regarding the arrival of four coach or six coach trains on Monday. \"At present, people don't know the length of the coach. This advance information will help the passengers to plan their positioning on the platform accordingly. This, however, requires modification of the sophisticated signaling and telecommunication software,\" said a DMRC spokesperson.The automatic information system will be implemented in three months time. In addition to this, security gards have been positioned at platforms. Rajiv Chowk and Kashmere Gate stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11692768", "title": "Sealing of banks to start from February 1, ATMs to be spared", "text": "Vandana Keelor | tnnNOIDA: Two days after putting a brake on the drive to seal unauthorized commercial units on residential plots, the Noida Authority officials met on Monday to decide their next step. Starting February 1, a team of Authority officials accompanied by the city magistrate and police will start the sealing process.\"We will start sealing all unauthorized commercial units operating out of residential plots from Wednesday,\" said Captain Dwivedi. \"Our legal counsel has re-examined the apex court order and we will abide by it to the letter,\" said Noida Authority CEO, Capt SK Dwivedi.About, 104 bank branches, 50 nursing homes, and other establishments across all categories of properties - residential, industrial and institutional - including more than 250 showrooms, are likely to face action. \"Final notices to shut shop have been served to more than 280 units across the city,\" said Anil Raj Kumar, additional CEO. \"They were also told that the plot would be sealed and the lease deed cancelled if operations did not stop immediately,\" Kumar said. However, bank ATMs will remain unaffected, Authority officials said.The sealing drive will start from sector 19 that hosts 21 banks operating out of residential premises. \"The sealing will be done without any discrimination and the entire proceedings will be videographed,\" added the ACEO.According to the SC order of December 5, the Authority officials said that \"the onus of putting a stop to all unauthorized commercial activity in residential areas lies with the lessee and if the activity continues then it is the responsibility of the Noida Authority to step in and put a stop to it\". \"We will seal premises of all allottees found flouting the SC order. Cancellation of lease deed will follow this action,\" said Capt Dwivedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11694360", "title": "City misses its favourite street food", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ludhianvis, whose love for food is famous far and wide, have been missing their favourite street food available on Rani Jhansi Road as the administration has stopped vendors from setting up shop in the area over the past five days. Disappointed residents say the move might have been because of elections and hope that the street will regain its charm soon.The street is thronged by hundreds of foodies in the evening who satisfy their hunger with a variety of cuisine ranging from Indian to Chinese, Continental and Italian. A resident of Sarabha Nagar Suresh Sharma said it is the best place to be in the evening. Model Town's Amarjeet Singh said non-vegetarian food available on Rani Jhansi Road beats even the food available in five star hotels.\"I used to go to the area almost every evening for a bite of Italian food and have been missing it for the last couple of days. The administration should not have done this,'' Amarjeet Singh said.Resident of Agar Nagar, Vishal Malhotra said the place is centrally located and affordable so one could easily stop by and relish some good food. \"I hope it resumes soon,'' he added. Dandi Swami Road-resident Jagdeep Singh said every evening he used to go with his wife or friends to enjoy the street food but has been forced to rely on restaurants in the last few days. \"I am finding the food at restaurants tasteless because I have become used to street food,'' he said. Regarding the kiosks, municipal commissioner M S Jaggi said, \"There are standing instructions with municipal staff that there should not be any illegal 'rehris' and this street also comes in the same preview.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11693379", "title": "Discord between EB and farmers over power theft", "text": "COIMBATORE: Last Friday, S Palanisamy, a farmer in Palladam was shocked when officials of Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Limited (TANGEDCO) fined him citing electricity theft.He had used the free power supply to pump water to a small tub used for his poultry farm and had to pay Rs 1.01 lakh as fine to TANGEDCO. He had to take a loan to make the payment. He has been running the farm for the past 12 years and has a separate commercial connection for the farm. However, it is for the first time in many years the official fined him for pumping water for his chicken farm. He uses 3,000 litres of water for the farm.Palanisamy is one among many farmers facing such a situation. A group of farmers recently submitted a petition to collector M Karunagaran stating that they were being wrongly charged with power theft and fined. As part of the integrated farming system, farmers are given free power for their farming activities, said Vazhukkuparai Balu, president, Tamil Nadu Farmers Association. There are many loopholes that have to be sorted out and fining the farmer without any prior warning is only creating more problems, he said.P Kandasamy, secretary of Vivasaayi Sangam said that a farmer in Thondamuthur was recently charged with power theft by TNEB. His crime was raising cattle. He allegedly diverted the free power to pump water for raising cattle to be used for commercial purposes. There needs to be more clarity about what the free power can be used for, said Kandasamy.Karunagaran had after meeting with farmers directed TANGEDCO officials not to take any action. Farmers wanted to conduct a committee meeting involving the collector, electricity chairman and a few farmers.When contacted, A Thangavelu, chief engineer, Coimbatore division, confirmed that the free power was for agriculture. The government provides power at subsidised rates for horticulture. Thangavelu said that the free power was only for pumping water for agriculture. If the power is used for any other purpose, it will be considered as theft. Due to power shortage it has become important for the TNEB to curb theft, he said.He revealed that many farmers were pumping water into storage tanks near hatcheries. Farmers need to get a separate connection in such cases. Farmers are well aware of the rules and regulations he said, but they misuse the free power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11692553", "title": "Bhujbals or cop chief to blame for Nashik woes?", "text": "Over one-and-a-half decades ago, high-profile Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader Chhagan Bhujbal shifted base from Mumbai to neighbouring Nashik district after a humiliating defeat by Shiv Sena activist Bala Nandgaonkar, now a trusted aide of Raj Thackeray of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS). He was elected to the legislative assembly, and later his son Pankaj was elected to the lower house, while his all-powerful nephew Samir was elected to the Lok Sabha.It appeared that the Bhujbals ruled over the entire district. Whether it was the appointment of a constable or the police commissioner, or even a revenue clerk of the collector, the family played a role in it.But recent developments in the district lead one to believe that the Bhujbals' political clout is dwindling steadily. Once a peaceful district, law &amp; order situation has collapsed and it is witnessing recession in all sectors. Daylight robberies, armed attacks, chain-snatchings and setting of two- and four-wheelers on fire have become routine.A leading industrialist claimed that most police stations in the district refuse to register FIRs for routine cases. Social activists and industrialists have blamed the Bhujbals for the deteriorating law &amp; order situation.In view of the criticism of the home department, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan sent police commissioner Vinod Lokhande on leave for his dismal performance, while Samir demanded a CID probe into the collapse of law &amp; order. But a senior Indian Police Service (IPS) official said that when each and every police official has been appointed on the family's recommendations, why should the home department be blamed? Chhagan Bhujbal must accept responsibility and initiate measures to restore the people's confidence.Will Patil act?Home minister R R Patil is facing a piquant situation over the eviction and recovery orders issued by Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik. On one handPatil is duty-bound to pass the order for recovery of penal rent from erring IPS officials, but many of them are his trusted aides. A month after Patnaik took over the reins of the Mumbai police he found that over 15 high-ranking IPS officials did not vacate official quarters despite being shifted out of Mumbai. An officer had even converted a 4,500 sq ft police maternity home into his official residence.Besides eviction orders, Patnaik ordered them to pay penal rent for illegally occupying the quarters.even after their transfers.More shockingly, it was found that the quarters were meant for lower rank officials, like police sub-inspectors or inspectors.A senior Indian Administrative Service (IAS) official said the total penal rent imposed on the IPS officials has crossed the Rs 4 crore mark (January 2005-January 2012).Patnaik, the first police commissioner to take on politically well-connected IPS officials, submitted a comprehensive list of erring officers to home secretary U C Sarangi and Patil. As per the Bombay police manual, an eviction order passed by the police commissioner has to be enforced by the assistant commissioner of the division.Some assistant commissioners knocked on the doors of erring IPS officials, but they had to returned empty-handed.When they were told that Patnaik's order had been stayed by the home minister, a contention the home department denied. Now, all eyes are on Patil who will have to decide the fate of his trusted IPS officials.A tame affairState NCP president Madhukar Pichad's announcement that a senior Lok Sabha member will join the party in the presence of deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar caused a major embarrassment to the party leadership, particularly its founder Sharad Pawar , as it turned out to be a tame affair.At a party workers' rally in Sangli, Pichad created the impression that a sitting Member of Parliament and president of a state-level organization was set to join the party. Only a week ago, Shiv Sena Lok Sabha member Anand Paranjpe had made a dramatic appearance at a media briefing of Pawar, and it was assumed that a politician of that level will join the party or the person to whom Pichad was referring to was a veteran politician and his decision to join the party, would rock state politics and impact the civic and zilla parishad elections.Some senior NCP leaders were in the dark over who was set to join the party. When Pichad produced the politician, it appeared he had taken the media for a ride. Shivaji Mane, two-term Sena MP and now president of a district Congress committee is an important politician in his own right, but for the media he was just another former MP. But Pichad stood by what he had announced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11694235", "title": "Movie explores Gandhian values", "text": "BANGALORE: Are Gandhian values relevant even today? Can people live by them?Director Girish Kasaravalli seeks answers to these questions in his movie 'Koormavathara' based on the short story by Kum Veerabhadrappa. It's scheduled for release in a couple of months.\"The movie is not based on Gandhiji's life. There's a character called Anandaraya, an honest government worker who is selected to play Gandhiji in a TV serial and finds similarities between his personal life and that of Gandhi. When he tries to live by Gandhian ideals, he fails and faces embarrassing situations. I explore these issues.''Kasaravalli has devised some interesting sequences. \"After Anandaraya accepts the role, he becomes very popular. Then his son and his friends start exploiting the image of Gandhi and Rao strongly objects to it. There's a rift between father, son and daughter-in-law who stands by her husband. It reaches such a pass that Anandaraya pleads with the serial director to finish off the character.''For Shikaripura Krishnamurthy, a Sanskrit scholar from Mangalore who plays Anandaraya, it was a unique experience. \"When I met Kasaravalli, he said I was most suitable for the role. When he told me the story, I felt good to work on this project.\"Though Krishnamurthy is not new to acting, he was a bit nervous about this role. \"I've seen Ben Kingsley play Gandhi and prepared myself by reading books about Gandhiji. There was no make-up. I had to shave my head thrice a week, had to wear 'kachche panche' and a shawl, carry a stick and put on round glasses. I even had to stoop a lot. The role has very few dialogues,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11693506", "title": "Pot-holed roads to get a facelift", "text": "MADURAI: The battered roads of Madurai with pot holes that can disable one's life would soon get a facelift.The state government has sanctioned a sum of Rs 15 crore for this fiscal to carry out the much needed road development works. The civic body has also received Rs 20 more crore for street lights and solid waste management. The proposals for the projects under 'Integrated Urban Development Scheme' were placed before the city corporation council for its approval, on Monday. The councillors unanimously gave the nod for the projects. Mayor V V Rajan Chellappa said that the tenders for the works would be invited shortly.According to the agenda presented before the council, the civic body had sought Rs 83.14 crore to repair the roads within the corporation limits, which were damaged by floods and digging for Vaigai second drinking water scheme. However, the government has sanctioned Rs 15 crore for this fiscal year while the remaining Rs 68.14 crore will be sanctioned in the next financial year, 2012-13.The corporation has divided road development works into 19 segments spread across various parts of the city. Altogether, a stretch of 33.49-km of the roads in 24 of the 100 wards of the city would be re-laid under the project. Among the key stretches are the Arapalayam Main Road for 200 metres, New Jail Road for 820 metres, Town Hall Road for 370 metres, Tamil Sangam Road for 335 metres, Vakkil New Street for 506 metres and Kamarajar Road for 1.4-km. The road project, after approval of the council will be sent to the commissioner of municipalities administration after which the tenders will be called for.The proposal for solid waste management with the estimation of Rs 40.13 crore was sent to the government and Rs 10 crore has been sanctioned for the current fiscal to procure the equipment and another Rs 30.13 crore will be sanctioned during the next financial year. Tenders will be called for the procurement of 400 dumber pins, 125 compactor bins, 85 three-wheelers with bins, 50 dumber vehicles and two compactor lorries under the project.The third proposal for street lights in corporation limits for the estimation of Rs 15 crore was sent to the government and Rs 10 crore has been sanctioned for the current fiscal and Rs five crore will be sanctioned in the next financial year. It was proposed to establish 4,000 street lights and procure eight utility vehicles with two each for every zone to fix the lights. The project has been split into 10 works for which the tenders will be called shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11692969", "title": "Teams formed to track down missing girl in Vejalpur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A high-level meeting was held by Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, Sector I, at Anandnagar police station to find out Vishwa Patel, 11, a resident of Vejalpur, who had gone missing since January 27. Police are working on a number of theories about what might have happened to her.According to Anandnagar police officials, Vishwa, a resident of Mira Mangal flats in Vejalpur, had been to a wedding reception held at the flat's common plot along with her family on Friday afternoon. While the family was busy with other guests, Vishwa went to play with others and after that, she was not seen. Her parents, considering she might have returned home went there to search for her, but she was not there.Suresh Patel, her father and a courier company employee, lodged a police complaint late on Friday night. Vishwa, a class VI student of Vidhyanagar High School in Vejalpur is still missing. Police investigators have distributed her photograph to various agencies.Tomar told TOI that apart from Anandnagar police station, agencies such as city's anti-human trafficking cell and Zone I striking force have been given intimation to work on the case. \"We have also formed several teams consisting of Zone I police stations' surveillance squad familiar with the area and crime patterns to look into various aspects of the case. We are not leaving out any possibilities out and are questioning her close friends in the locality and people who have attended the wedding,\" said Tomar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11693874", "title": "Electrician attacks 2 women, escapes", "text": "LUCKNOW: An electrician allegedly assaulted two women - both family members of a PWD engineer - at their C-Block resident in Indiranagar on Monday. Police say that the accused was known to the family and attacked the two with a sharp-edged weapon. Both the women are in hospital and the condition of one of them is said to be critical. Police are not ruling out loot as the possible motive behind the incident.The victims were identified as Pushpa Singh (55), wife of Omprakash Singh, a resident of C-1109, Indiranagar and her daughter-in-law Neha Singh (25), wife of Gaurav Singh. Omprakash is an executive engineer with Public Works Department and is presently posted in Lakhimpur Kheri district, while his son Gaurav runs a soft-drink agency.Police quoting family members said that the miscreant was identified as Dinesh, a native of Sitapur district residing in Ghazipur village. Dinesh was not new to the house and had earlier also frequented the house for some or the other work. On Monday, he was asked to repair the geyser which had developed some snag.It was around 3.45 pm that Dinesh entered the house and saw Pushpa sitting in the courtyard. Dinesh allegedly took out a sharp-edge weapon and hit at Pushpa who fell on the ground. On hearing the noise, Neha, who was on the terrace, came rushing down only to be attacked by Dinesh. No one could confirm whether any discussion between Pushpa and Dinesh took place before he attacked her or not.However, sources said that injured Neha called up manager Ramesh of his husband's agency who subsequently informed driver Brijesh who was supplying soft-drink in the vicinity. Brijesh rushed to the house only to be chased again by Dinesh for few metres. However, sensing trouble thereafter, Dinesh fled the spot.Both Neha and Pushpa were rushed to nearby hospital where condition of Pushpa is stated to be critical. The police said that since both are unable to talk, it would be too early to make any guess on the motive behind the attack. However, a few police officials when asked about the reason said that it could be a loot attempt.Station officer Sanjay Pandey told TOI that Dinesh was an electrician and had been doing a lot of work at Singh's house. Light arrangement during the wedding ceremony of Gaurav in July was also done by Dinesh.A gold ring of Pushpa, which had fallen on the ground during the attack, was not taken away by Dinesh, which does not hint towards any loot theory behind the crime. Police sources said that initial investigation into the attack also hint that some dues of Dinesh were still not cleared by Singhs. However, senior police officials said that all possible angles behind the attack are being probed. Ghazipur police said that anything concrete behind the motive of the attacker would be ascertained only after the statement of Pushpa and Neha is recorded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11692742", "title": "Noida police accountant booked in bribery case", "text": "NOIDA: A case has been lodged against an accountant of the Noida police allegedly for demanding a bribe from his colleagues for passing bills and vouchers. DIG Jyoti Narayan has not just ordered a probe against the guilty accountant, but all accounts department personnel have also been put under the scanner.Narayan said, \"We got a complaint against accountant Ashok Kumar Bansal for demanding a bribe. During investigation, we found that he had earlier been warned for the same offence.\" He added, \"I have ordered an investigation of all accounts department personnel and verification of their work.\"Bansal had reportedly been transferred to Noida police from the PAC. On Sunday, head constable Pramod Kumar, posted in the police lines, registered his complaint against Bansal. The DIG then ordered the sector 20 police to detain the accountant. The police have recovered all accounts books and are scanning them. Narayan said preliminary investigations show some irregularities in the books.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11692736", "title": "Raj Thackeray faces revolt over tickets", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after Raj Thackeray apologized for not being able to give every election aspirant a ticket, widespread rebellion broke out within the MNS over alleged unfair choice of candidates. Several activists even threatened to quit.Such was the extent of anger among the cadre that the MNS chief himself, along with his wife, had to pacify the disgruntled hopefuls who gathered outside their residence at Dadar on Monday. Senior leader from Thane Rajesh More even told Raj that he wasn't pleased with the selection of certain candidates. Some activists also surrounded the car of MLA Pravin Darekar.The MNS on Sunday released a list of 208 candidates for elections to Mumbai, Thane, Pune and Nashik civic bodies.At least three dozen activists and supporters of those who missed a ticket converged at the Thackerays' residence, some alleging financial misconduct and others resorting to sloganeering. An incident of violence was reported in MHB Colony where the police arrested a shakha pramukh, Amol Churi, with two of his aides, for damaging party advisor Raghunath Khanvilkar's car. \"Churi was angry with Khanvilkar as he did not recommend his wife's name for a ticket from ward 7,\" to contest the civic polls from ward 7. Churi has been actively working in ward 7 which is reserved for female candidates. said police.Angry party activists from Dadar and Ghatkopar were seen camping outside Raj's house since morning. They were led by former vibhag pramukh Yashwant Killedar and sitting corporator Prakash Patankar, both upset with the candidature of Sandeep Deshpande from ward 185. Known to be a Raj loyalist from his Shiv Sena days, Killedar recently fell out with him following which Deshpande's name came in the reckoning, a source said. Among others who threatened to quit was Borivli shakha pramukh Bharat Ghanekar, who alleged that the MNS gave ticket to Sena loyalist Chetan Kadam from ward 13. Some alleged that newcomer Vidhya Chalke got her ticket by bribing.Raj later declared he would not change the list and exhorted those who did not get a ticket to support the candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11692530", "title": "Why Shah Rukh Khan slapped Farah Khan's husband Shirish Kunder remains unclear", "text": "MUMBAI: The clash between two Bollywood celebrities took on a violent note early Monday morning, when actor-producer Shah Rukh Khan allegedly came to blows with director Farah Khan's husband Shirish Kunder at Sanjay Dutt's party at a popular nightclub in Juhu, which was attended by A-listers. After being stalked by Kunder right through the party, Khan as he was about to leave, lost his cool and allegedly pinned him onto a sofa and slapped him.Although Farah spent the better part of Monday railing against her former 'best friend' SRK for slapping her husband and attacking him for \"no reason\", she and Kunder will not be approaching the police. Kunder on Monday evening tweeted: \"We have no intention of filing an FIR or a police complaint.\" Both Dutt, who had attempted to separate the two, and SRK are maintaining a stony silence.The incident took place around 4.15am on Monday at a party hosted in Dutt's honour by the owner of the nightclub following Sunday's Filmfare Awards . Eyewitnesses give conflicting accounts of the nature of the scuffle: some say the duo came to blows, others say the actor simply slapped Kunder.Shah Rukh arrived at Dutt's party around 3.15am. A few minutes into the party, the superstar hit the dance floor and began dancing with Dutt, his wife Manyata and a group of friends. He was in a good mood, and even posed for pictures.An eyewitness present at the party said, \"Shirish Kunder kept hovering around Shah Rukh and followed him onto the dance floor, but the actor simply ignored him.\" The relationship between the two was at an all-time low after Kunder had criticized SRK's recent film 'Ra One' on a microblogging site. He had posted an insulting, 'I just heard a Rs150 crore firework fizzle' remark online.\"Khan refused to acknowledge Kunder at the party. Even when Dutt escorted SRK outside the venue to introduce him to a close friend, Kunder unabashedly followed them,\" said an eyewitness. \"Kunder placed himself right behind SRK and murmured something into his ear.\" It was the proverbial straw that broke the camel, or in this case, Khan's back. \"An annoyed SRK, who was actually preparing to leave the party, turned around, held Kunder by the scruff of the neck, and forced him to sit on a sofa near the nightclub's exit,\" said the guest.After a heated exchange of words, SRK slapped Kunder. Dutt, who was aware of the acrimonious relationship between the two, rushed to defuse the situation and pulled them apart. Here eyewitness accounts differ with many claiming that Dutt allegedly responded in like when Kunder pushed him roughly.Farah, who had not attended the party, maintained that her husband did nothing to provoke SRK. She said, \"Those who were present told me that the attack was completely unprovoked. Shirish didn't even know that Shah Rukh was at the party.\"In a mass sms sent to the media, Farah said: \"Shah Rukh has always told me that physical abuse is the worst way to sort out a problem. It means the attacker has either a personal or professional crisis going on. It saddens me to see him doing the same.\"This is not the first time that Kunder has taken a swipe at SRK. At another Bollywood party, Kunder had criticized Ra One, sources told TOI.The party quickly wrapped up after the fracas: Dutt and his wife Manyata left in one car, while builder and owner of the club Baba Dewan and SRK left in another vehicle.The party had been hosted by Dewan for Dutt following the success of the latter's latest release Agneepath. Apart from Shah Rukh Khan some of the A-listers who attended the party included Amisha Patel , Ajay Devgan , Priyanka Chopra , Karisma Kapoor, Abhishek Bachchan Vivek Oberoi and Arshad Warsi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11692898", "title": "Cong leader from Konkan joins NCP", "text": "There was yet another addition to the list of defectors when former MLA and Congress leader from the Konkan, Shankar Kambli, joined the NCP on Monday.The three-time MLA from Vengurla is a close aide of industries minister Narayan Rane , who has been engaged in a verbal duel with the NCP high command, accusing it of indulging in the \"politics of defections\" in the run-up to elections to 10 municipal corporations across the state.\"I was not happy in the Congress, a party where I worked to promote its ideological interests,\" said Kambli, who has been MLA twice from the Shiv Sena and once from the Congress.Denying charges that the defection had been brought about to hurt Rane, NCP state president Madhukar Pichad said the party was too busy managing its affairs. He advised that instead of hurling \"needless accusations\", people should try to set their houses in order.-Sharad VyasKambli is not the party's first big catch this season, among many others Shiv Sena MP from Kalyan Anand Paranjape has already shown signs of moving to NCP. Senior BJP leader Gopinath Munde older brother, Panditanna, 70, has announced his decision to quit the party and has joined the NCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11693444", "title": "Mayor restricts photo session at corpn premises, upsets media persons", "text": "COIMBATORE: Members of the Coimbatore Press Club (CPC) and other media persons boycotted the corporation council meet on Monday condemning mayor S M Velusamy for limiting the amount of time spent by photographers in the meeting hall on Monday. After being thrown out of the meeting, CPC members convened an emergency executive committee meeting and passed a resolution against the mayor.The corporation council meeting was called for at 10.15 am on Monday. When he found photo journalists taking snaps at 10.30 am, the mayor reprimanded them saying he found the delay annoying. When they sought more time to take pictures, the mayor asserted his authority and asked them to vacate the council hall.Most of the reporters too vacated the hall in support of the photo journalists. An emergency executive meeting of the CPC under the general secretary R Velusamy and vice president G Sujay Anand passed a resolution against the mayor.In the resolution, they said that they have been allowed to photograph the council meeting for the last 15 years. But when SM Velusamy took over as mayor, he imposed severe restrictions on the media. He had insulted and threatened them. The resolution also mentioned that journalists did not have adequate facilities to report the happenings at the corporation premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11693488", "title": "Cosmetics giant to pay 1.5cr/month rent", "text": "MUMBAI: French cosmetics multinational L'Oreal has reached an agreement with Marathon Realty to set up its new corporate headquarters in Marathon Futurex, slated to be the tallest commercial tower, on N M Joshi Marg at Lower Parel.The nine-year lease agreement has been signed for approximately Rs 200 per sq ft, which includes property tax and maintenance charges. The lease rent translates roughly to Rs 1.5 crore per month. The multinational will occupy two floors spreading over 71,000 sq ft somewhere in the middle of the 38-storey tower.Dinesh Dayal, chief operating officer of L'Oreal India and Mayur Shah, managing director of Marathon Realty, confirmed the deal but refused to divulge more details. Dayal said that they were looking for more space as part of the company's expansion plans. L'Oreal had been occupying approximately 50,000 sq ft space in Peninsula Corporate Park at Lower Parel for the past seven years. Global property consultants JLL brokered the deal.Property brokers say the deal is significant for three reasons. One; developers who offered a rent-free period of a maximum two months when the commercial market was on a roll are now offering tenants a rent-free period of up to six months to refurbish the leased office space. Two; this is not the only incentive developers are offering. Property brokers say developers, like in L'Oreal's case, are paying property tax and maintenance on behalf of the tenant for a certain duration. \"Offering such incentives is the only way developers can lure tenants when faced with the alternative of losing revenue through lease rents and rising repayment costs the longer the premises stays vacant,\" said the broker.Three; central Mumbai, including Lower Parel, Worli, Dadar and Prabhadevi, has a significant supply of approximately 3 million sq ft. \"So, an agreement comprising a huge area is not common. The last such big deal was in June 2011 when private sector Yes Bank signed a lease rental deal in the under-construction Indiabulls Finance centre at a discounted rate of Rs 125 a sq ft,\" said a broker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11693171", "title": "For big parties education boosts image, prefer candidates' work", "text": "PUNE: The top leadership of prominent parties in Pune is not educationally challenged as they all are either post-graduates or hold an additional qualification with their bachelor's degree. And, there is consensus that their academic qualification has helped them in their political careers.But when it comes to fielding candidates who have at least a graduation degree, they assert that educational qualification cannot be the 'only criteria'. Aspirants' work at the grassroots and his/her knowledge of civic issues needs to be appreciated while giving out tickets for contesting the civic polls, they said.Vandana Chavan, president, NCP city unitEducational Qualification: B.Sc and L.L.BA graduation in law helps in better understanding of issues. A good academic qualification improves your political image. We have given special weightage to academic qualification while deciding the tickets, this time. Some of our party candidates include a doctor, an advocate and even those who with a masters' degree in business administration.In some wards, it is difficult to find qualified candidates to contest the civic elections. We had a tough time in identifying candidates in some plush localities as educated people simply want to stay away from politics.Also, educational qualification cannot be the only criteria. I have several examples of corporators who have done a wonderful job though they had no formal education. During my tenure as the mayor of Pune, an illiterate woman corporator from Wadarwadi often raised issues concerning her ward at various fora. She always managed to get the civic problems in her area redressed while many educated corporators often failed to forcefully voice the issues of their area.Abhay Chhajed, president, Congress city unit:Educational Qualification: B.Sc, L.L.B, Diploma in business management and diploma in journalismI was a practicing lawyer when I joined politics. I am conversant with most of the legislations that govern the functioning of a municipal corporation. The civic officials cannot take you for a ride if you know legislations and acts. Hence, a law graduate is able to perform much better when compared to others.We have given preference to educated candidates while giving tickets for the February 2012 civic polls. Having an educational qualification is an added advantage but not a rule by itself. Graduation cannot be the criteria for contesting civic polls as there are many graduates who have performed badly as corporator. On the other hand, there are members who did not have any educational qualification, but have a good grasp and are committed to the development of the city.Vikas Mathkari, president, BJP city unit:Educational Qualification: M.Com and MA in sociologyMy education has immensely benefited me in understanding civic issues. Also, my professional qualification as a lecturer in a prominent city college has helped me connect with youngsters. The traditional BJP voters in Pune always support a person who is well-educated.I know that many of my party corporators do not have a good academic qualification. But, the situation is changing. Many highly qualified aspirants applied for tickets to our party, this year. Though we were not able to give tickets to all of them this time, we have appointed them on various party activity forums such as BJP's IT forum and higher education forum.Just because one does not have an academic qualification does not mean that he or she will not be able to deliver as a corporator. We have a corporator who is a graduate but has done very little work in her municipal ward. On the other hand, a seventh standard passed woman corporator has contributed greatly for promoting education by starting a girls' school in Kondhwa for the minority community.Neelam Gorhe, Shiv Sena spokesperson and Pune co-ordinator.Educational Qualification: BAMS and Diploma in Training and Orientation (social development).I was a medical practitioner and my rapport with patients helped me when I joined politics. But, more than my academic qualifications, what contributed more to my political career was my fight to voice the problems of women. Ideally, one can say that a corporator from Pune should at least be a graduate, but what about those who have fought for the rights of people on the streets. Life is also a school. Though you may not get a degree in this school, your fight for the rights of poor and oppressed gives you knowledge and courage to represent them. The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena's experiment to conduct a written test of its aspirants was a political stunt. We believe in giving training to our elected members on how they should work as citizens' representatives rather then focus only on their education.Anil Shidore, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena, state general secretary and coordinator for Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad:Educational Qualification: B.Sc and Masters in Social Work (MSW):", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11692915", "title": "National psychologists' body honours GFSU's S L Vaya", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Having read minds of hundreds of crime accused and provided important breakthroughs, she is now preparing the new generation of forensic psychologists. Dr S L Vaya, director of Institute of Behavioural Science (IBS), Gujarat Forensic Science University ( GFSU), was awarded C S Kang Oration Award for the year 2011 by Indian Associations of Clinical Psychologist (IACP) on January 27 at Pune, where the annual conference was held.As per the citation, she has been presented the award for her meritorious contribution to the field of clinical and forensic psychology. 'She made available extraordinary services of clinical psychology to common man, promoting the objective of the association,' read the citation. It is the first award presented to a person from Gujarat.Vaya, the founder member of forensic psychology division of Directorate of Forensic Sciences (DFS), has been instrumental in high-profile cases such Madhumita Shukla murder case, Gutka case, Nithari serial killings, Aarushi-Hemraj murder case of Noida, Ujjain serial killings, Ranchi serial murders, Telgi fake stamp case and the lion poaching case in Gir.She is also considered to be the pioneer in introducing a number of new techniques in investigation that later became norms in the field.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11691856", "title": "Ramgarh issue: Administration to present data to court", "text": "JAIPUR: The district administration has prepared a data of all the references of disputed allotment of land in the four tehsils - Viratnagar, Shahpura, Jamwaramgarh and Amer. The data would be presented before the high court on Tuesday.The Rajasthan High Court on December 20 had directed the state government to name those officials who made illegal allotments in the catchment area of Ramgarh dam and also the list of influential persons who had land in that area.District collector Navin Mahajan said, \"We have prepared computerized data of all the references which we will present before the court.\"Also, the court had come down heavily on the government officials who made illegal allotments in the catchment area of the Ramgarh dam. Now, there are possibilities that some former government officials may face action, if their names surface in illegal allotment of land.Also, there are possibilities that the occupants will lose their land as in references cases, no compensation would be given to the occupants or those people who were allotted land illegally in the catchment area of the Ramgarh dam, an official said.The court had directed the government to take steps for ensuring that Ramgarh dam will be filled with rain water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11692892", "title": "Crib death horror continues at BC Roy", "text": "KOLKATA: Crib death continued to stalk BC Roy Memorial Hospital for Children on Monday with the death of three more babies. The number of crib deaths in the past 48 hours rose to eight, taking the toll to 31 since Friday.On Monday, Domkal's eight-month-old Ashiya Khatun, Gaighata's one-month old Jaya and a six-month-old male baby from Chapra lost their lives at the hospital. According to hospital sources, all of them were referred from other hospitals in a serious condition.\"Reasons for the deaths include bronchial pneumonia, septicemia and meningitis. In fact, two babies who had congenital heart ailment were suffering from pneumonia as well. All of them were brought in a serious condition. There has been no negligence on part of the hospital staff,\" said hospital principal Dr Mala Bhattacharya.Hospital sources corroborated the principal's comment, saying five to six deaths per day in this hospital was nothing 'abnormal'. They explained that the hospital gets about 70-80 cases referred from districts everyday, apart from patients who are brought to the hospital directly. Most of these referral cases are critically ill babies.At present, BC Roy has 400 beds. A 30-bed unit sick neo-natal care unit was set up after the crib death incidents in July. Despite the expansion, not much has been achieved in controlling crib death. The state's only referral hospital for children has been dogged by crib death from time to time, with 21 babies dying in 48 hours in July last year.\"It is mostly the babies brought from district hospitals who die here. Therefore, there is the need to upgrade facilities and improve services in peripheral hospitals,\" said Dr MK Chatterjee, paediatrician and ex-principal of BC Roy hospital.On Monday, the hospital authority met health officials, including director medical education Dr S K Bandyopadhyay, to report on the recent spate of baby deaths. Bandyopadhyay gave a clean chit to the hospital saying the infants were already in critical condition before being brought to the hospital.\"These babies were brought in serious condition from distant places. The health department is on way of upgrading childcare facilities in district hospitals so that these children need not travel such a long distance. At the same time, more medical staff is being recruited for BC Roy to haul up services,\" the Bandyopadhyay said.Meanwhile, opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra said in a press meet in West Midnapore, \"The government's claim that child mortality rate has dropped 3% is baseless. The rate had seen a dip only during the Left rule.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11693418", "title": "86 challans during special drive", "text": "Following the frequent instances of vehicle thefts and snatchings in the city, Chandigarh police conducted a special an anti-auto theft and anti-snatching drive on Sunday night.During the drive, police issued challans to 86 vehicle drivers. As many as 46 drivers were fined for drunken driving and 4 vehicles were impounded.Cops deployed at the check posts were instructed to check the vehicles for black film, drunken driving and registration certificate.A total of 2,342 vehicles were checked by various teams of UT police at various points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11694206", "title": "AICOG-2012: Doomed from very start?", "text": "VARANASI: The very ambitious 55th All India Congress of Obstetrics and Gynaecology (AICOG)-2012 has been in trouble since the very start. First, the row over hotel room tariff where delegates have been put up and now the event is witnessing almost vacant conference halls even though over 5,000 gynaecologists and obstetricians from across the nation have gathered in the city to take part in it. The event is being held at the Swatantrata Bhawan of Banaras Hindu University from January 29 to January 30 by Varanasi and Azamgarh Obstetric and Gynaecological Societies under the aegis of FOGSI.However, Dr P C Mahapatra, president of Federation of Obstetrics and Gynaecology Societies of India (FOGSI) 2011, appeared defensive while talking to TOI on Monday about the relatively less attendance of delegates in the conferene halls. \"We cannot force somebody to sit and attend the discussions. Moreover, the scientific programmes are taking place in so many halls that crowd seems to be scattered,\" he claimed.As many as nine temporary halls were constructed to host sessions, panel discussions, symposiaoratuions, free paper sessions and poster presentations and pre-congress workshops during the five-day long AICOG 2012. However except for the speakers, faculty members and panelists, there were less than 25 delegates in each hall who attended the discussions. While most of the delegates were busy taking a city tour and visiting prominent tourist attractions, a pool of doctors were also busy buying medical and surgical equipments at the exhibition area at IT Gymkhana ground located close to the Swatantrata Bhawan.But, according to Mahapatra, site seeing is natural and people would like to visit the city if they are here, it happens everywhere. \"Moreover, different topics of scientific programmes are happening simultaneously in different halls thereby it depends on the interest of the doctors on what they would like to listen and talk about,\" he added.As the venue of AICOG started looking deserted since Sunday, the crowd was still prominent at the exhibition area where doctors were busy dealing with medical and surgical goods. \"The main reason for this is that there is good amount of distance between the exhibition area and the conference area,\" added Mahapatra.If the claim of medical representatives is to be believed, they have found the congress very beneficial as they could earn good business while dealing with gynaecologists of all the areas of the country. \"I have received orders of as many as 13 demonstrations of the advanced birth chair, a technology of Czech Republic, while participating here in the exhibition,\" informed Uday Shankar, a representative from a medical equipment company of Ghaziabad. Similarly, Sanjay, another representative, claimed that some 1000 doctors visited his makeshift stall each day.Also, a separate exhibition of Banarasi crafts 'Banaras Bazaar' was also organised at the backside of the medical goods exhibition that incurred huge loss. According to Brijesh Agrawal, a Banarasi silk trader, as many as 32 stalls were installed to different artisans on the payment of Rs 50,000 to 1,00,000, depending on the size of the stall. \"The organisers of the event told us that we will be given the front side of the exhibition arena so that delegates could take a glimpse of the local craft once they left the dinning area, but we were cheated and given a neglected site behind the main exhibition area due to which delegates are not visiting the site,\" rued Agrawal.\"There are no volunteers to look after the cleanliness and other arrangements at the Banaras Bazaar, which is why most of the artisans who sensed a loss have left the exhibition on the first few days of the AICOG,\" informed another artisan who wished not to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11692802", "title": "Railway block ends, trains to run as per schedule", "text": "PUNE: Lonavala-Pune local trains and passenger trains to Satara, Kolhapur and Solapur will now terminate at the Pune railway station after the railway administration ended the 15-day block at platform number six, on Monday.As many as six locals between Pune and Lonavla terminated at Shivajinagar and Khadki stations while passenger trains to Satara, Kolhapur and Solapur stopped at Hadapsar and Ghorpadi during the block.The platform number six has been extended by about 200 meters to accommodate a 22-coach train. Earlier, it could accommodate an 18-coach train. The existing length of platform is about 390 meters.\"The next step would be shifting of signals, cross-over of tracks and re-alignment of over-head wires. The work would start soon and will be completed in a phased manner. It will cost Rs 1 crore,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11692645", "title": "Entire stock of iron tablet to be withdrawn", "text": "MUMBAI: A Thane-based consumer has alerted the food and drug administration about iron pieces being found in a medically-prescribed iron tablet.The content of elemental iron in the tablet, prescribed for anaemia or lack of red blood cells, was way above permissible limits.FDA commissioner Mahesh Zagde has directed the Himachal Pradesh-based Galpha Laboratories to withdraw the entire stock of the product from Maharashtra. Simultaneously, the FDA has told 76,000-odd medical stores, public health and medical education departments not to prescribe the product. \"Since we are not the licencing authority for the product, we have written to the Himachal FDA and FDA commissioners across the country to ensure the product is not prescribed to any patient. We have also taken up the issue with the Drug Controller of India,'' Zagde said.A professor of pharmacology said the presence of free metallic iron particles in an iron tablet is unheard of. \"By and large, iron tablets contain ferrous and ferric salts. I am in the pharmacology sector for well over four decades, but have never heard of the presence of iron particles in an iron tablet. It should be probed at the highest level and stringent measures should be taken against the erring pharmaceutical firm,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11692652", "title": "Don't sit on cases, cops told", "text": "MUMBAI: The police should not sit tight on a complaint the Bombay High Court said on Monday. It questioned why the Mumbai police was hesitant to conduct a proper probe into a complaint alleging that additional director general (highway traffic) Vijay Kamble instigated an assault.A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode heard a petition filed by Shubhangi and Nitin Thakur, who are having a property dispute with Nitin's sister Neela Thakoor over a one-storey building at Ranade Road extension,Dadar (W). Neela runs a beauty parlour on the ground floor. The court was earlier informed that Kamble is a 'customer' of the beauty parlour and visits it to \"dye his hair\".Shubhangi's petition alleged that Kamble interfered in the property row with her relatives and at his behest, the police booked her in false cases and were trying to extern her from the city. In July 2011 the HC stayed externment proceedings against Shubhangi. On March 11, 2011, Neela and some of her family along with Kamble (then additional DG (anti- corruption) forcibly entered her house and assaulted her. She alleged that Kamble held her hand while the rest assaulted her. and he kept on encouraging and instigating'' them. The Shivaji Park police refused to register her complaint. Shubhangi was admitted for three days at KEM Hospital, Parel.On the court's direction, police commissioner Arup Patnaik filed an affidavit on November 11, 2011, stating that an inquiry by deputy commissioner of police (zone V)Aswati Dorje has concluded that there is no sufficient evidence to show that Kamble and the Thakoors had assaulted Nitin and Shubhangi and tore their clothes.. Patnaik said on March 11,2011, the beat marshal was informed by the central control room and when he reached the spot he met Kamble who was in the parlour and who told him about the quarrel and advised to take them to police station and take legal action.''Shubhangi's advocate Rajiv Patil said despite injuries sustained in the assault the police registered just a non-cognisable complaint and are dragging their feet and refusing to conduct a proper probe under pressure. \"If a cognizable offence is disclosed you cannot sit tight and refuse to probe the complaint. Where is the citizen supposed to go?\" asked Kanade. The judges said after a probe the police can always ask the court to penalize the complainant if the complaint is false. The case was adjourned to February 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "* february 1, 2011", "code": "11692686", "title": "The Road To E-Meters", "text": "* February 1, 2011: State electronic meter committee headed by minister of state for transport Gulabrao Deokar meets at Mantralaya, decides to make e-meters mandatory for new autorickshaws in city* October 9: Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan says e-meters will be installed in autorickshaws in Mumbai and neighbouring Thane in \"phased manner\". Auto unions agree in principle but seek demo on e-meters* November 14: State government vacates stay on 2009 order, officially clears legal hurdles towards making e-meters compulsory in Mumbai metropolitan region* November 20: Consumer group led by activist Shirish Deshpande prepares roadmap to expedite installation of e-meters in autos in 90 days. Roadmap presented to state administration but government yet to take call on this* November 24: Technical committee on electronic meters set up under chairmanship of joint transport commissioner S B Sahasrabuddhe. Committee members meet representatives of auto unions, consumer activists and meter manufacturers at transport headquarters in Bandra to discuss reasons behind opposition to e-meters* December 8: Auto unions come up with criteria to instal e-meters: Devices will have to be tamper-proof. Two big auto unions (led by Nationalist Congress Party's Sharad Rao and Congress' Hussain Dalwai) threaten to file public interest litigation against government if new meters are found easy to tamper with* January 2, 2012: State transport secretary Shailesh Sharma informs media that government serious about making e-meters mandatory early this year", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "daoke", "code": "11693530", "title": "Bordering on love for elections", "text": "DAOKE: The little bulge in Indian territory that is Daoke village, is linked to the country just through an old bridge. It is surrounded by Pakistan on three sides. But still, its connection with Indian democracy is very powerful. This can be gauged from the fact that the village has 1,094 electors and 570 of them had voted in Punjab legislative assembly election by 1pm on Monday. The bright weather proved enough of an invitation for the voters to reach polling stations.A senior citizen, Charan Singh, who was sitting with other villagers under a tree near the polling booth at Daoke, said, \"No politician can ever satisfy the demands of people of his constituency. Some work is always left incomplete. So, we should have patience and not forget to use our democratic right.\"Pointing towards the potholed road connecting the village with Attari town, Daoke-resident Suba Singh said, \"Look at this road, it cracked in many places within a year.\" He added that life in Daoke was not easy as it was surrounded by Pakistani land on three sides. \"We are the first ones to move when there is hostility between India and Pakistan. We help armed forces and face danger. The villagers here always vote as we want to be part of this process and ensure that our candidates win.\"Daoke doesn't have a good dispensary and the nearest one is about 18km away. \"We have always been asking our representatives to at least provide us with a good hospital and a senior secondary school. We are still hopeful of getting those,\" he said.Ranjit Singh, 20, said life in Daoke was dull as there was curfew in the night and they had to stay indoors. \"I have voted for a positive change. I know some things can't change since we are in a border village. But I do hope for better infrastructure,\" added Ranjit.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11692359", "title": "WCL workers stall work following attack on crusher operator", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Irked workers of Mungoli opencast mine under Wani area of Western Coalfields Limited (WCL) on Monday stalled work for over four hours to protest the attack on a crusher operator late on Sunday night. They mobbed area safety officer and sub-area manager and shouted slogans demanding protection from goons forcing them for selective loading of coal for road sale.According to ITUC area secretary Narendra Chandrayya, on Sunday night during the second shift, a heavy stone was hurled at the cabin of crusher operator Ganesh Upre, who was hit on the leg. The next morning when the workers learnt about the incident, they decided to stall work. All five WCL unions joined the agitation and gheraoed sub area manager Deepak Pandya and area safety officer HS Bhakuni, demanding enhanced security. \"We had already asked for summoning CIFS for the mine security, but the proposal was stalled by the security officer. However, after the agitation, he agreed to forward the proposal for CIFS,\" Chandrayya said. Security officers also assured to personally look over the security until CIFS arrives. Workers resumed work at 12.30pm after getting the assurance.ITUC area secretary Narendra Chandrayya informed that Mungoli mine - once the key source of coal supply to Mahagenco through coal washeries - has been under dispute since last few months due to the sudden hike in road sale of coal following termination of the supply contract between washeries and Mahagenco. Earlier around 5,000 metric ton (MT) of coal per day was picked up by washeries for Mahagenco from this mine. However Mahagenco has terminated their contract with washeries, thus the coal supply to Mahagenco has been stalled since August 2011. This had led to stock pilling of over 8 lakh mt in the mine, hence WCL management decided to hike the road sale.Around 10 coal contractors have been awarded road sale contracts from Mungoli mine. These contractors send dozens of trucks every day to pick their lot of coal through CHP as well as stock loading. However, due to lack of security, goons - connected to the contractors -storm into the stock yard and force workers for selective loading of good quality coal. \"As per the norms only truck drivers can enter the stock yard with his vehicle for loading. But, breaching the rule, contractors send supervisors and goons who pressurize WCL staffers to load good quality coal. On denial they do not hesitate to pick up quarrels. In fact, just a month back they had thrashed a security guard on being denied entrance,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11692641", "title": "Tariff hike fails to shore up revenue of Water Board", "text": "HYDERABAD: After the recent water tariff hike, Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) officials had anticipated a windfall, but to their shock the revenue generated was way short of their expectations. However, the Water Board officials put up a brave face and claimed that revenue has 'improved' compared to previous months.The Water Board has revised the tariff in December last and started issuing bills from January 1. According to official records, water was being supplied to around 7.87 lakh connections in the Greater Hyderabad area.\"Based on the revised tariff, the Water Board has raised a demand of Rs 62.54 crore for December. Of the 7.87 lakh customers, we issued bills to 7.63 lakh. For nearly 20,000 connections, bills were not issued due to a variety of reasons like meter repairs, no meter and house found locked,\" a senior HMWS&SB; official told TOI. Till Monday, the HMWS&SB; could collect Rs 44.05 crore from customers.Billing disputes and confusion over the revised tariff among customers could be the reasons for revenue deficit, he said.\"We are clarifying doubts raised by customers on water tariff hike through the Metro Customer Care (MCC), but still they are not coming forward to pay their bills,\" he added.Before the hike, HMWS&SB; used to get revenue between Rs 34 and Rs 37 crore per month. \"After payment of power bills and salaries to employees, we hardly had any money. Though the government responded to our plea and hiked the water tariff, the revenue collections are short of our expectations,\" he replied.Meanwhile, HMWS&SB; managing director Adhar Sinha on Monday asked general managers (E) to check whether new tariff change was getting reflected in latest bills and, if citizens express doubts over billing, to verify and resolve them on top priority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11692269", "title": "Three denied bail in Virat case", "text": "NAGPUR: Justice Ashok Bhangale at the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court on Monday rejected the bail pleas of three accused allegedly responsible for accidental death of Virat Zade who came under the rear wheel of his schoolbus when he went under the vehicle to pick up the lunch box cover.Bus driver Sheikh Imran Khan , resident of Rajiv Gandhi Nagar, owner Sheikh Baksh and his son Sheikh Ismail alias Raja Sheikh, resident of Shanti Nagar had applied for bail. Only Sheikh Bashid Sheikh Hanif, who allegedly destroyed the evidence, got respite from the court.The nine-year-old boy was crushed upon returning from school in afternoon of January 9. The incident created a huge uproar among the citizens who blamed the cops and RTO for laxity. The Hudkeshwar police then registered offences against the six accused under Sections 279, 304 (A), 304, 201 and 34 of IPC and arrested them. Session court had earlier denied bail to all.Appearing on behalf of accused on Monday Sudeep Jaiswal contended that section 304, which is culpable homicide, could not be applied in the case. Assistant government pleader Ambarish Joshi opposed Jaiswal's contention stating that all accused had grossly flouted norms.He claimed that the driver didn't have five years' driving experience and RTO registration that was mandatory. He argued that the bus was without conductor at the time of accident. Joshi also pointed out bus owner's failure in looking after safety of students. and strongly justified the police action of keeping all of them behind bars.Earlier, high court had taken suo motu cognizance of the student's death following media reports and appointed Firdos Mirza amicus curiae in the case. School education department principal secretary, additional chief secretary for home, principal transport secretary, all education officers in the state and state commissioner for road transport would be made respondents in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "11692597", "title": "TRS leader booked for slapping official", "text": "WARANGAL: A TRS leader was Monday booked for allegedly slapping and swearing at a deputy commissioner of Warangal Municipal Corporation (WMC).A case has been registered against TRS urban constituency in-charge A Vidyasagar under section 169 of Indian Penal Code after he reportedly slapped N Shankar during a 'dial your commissioner' programme. Vidyasagar swore at Shankar, who was conducting the programme in the absence of the commissioner, threw the grievance papers and slapped the deputy.Thereafter, Shankar filed acomplaint at Mattewada police station charging the politician with obstructing him from the discharge of his duties and for swearing at him. Soon, WMC employees and other staff boycotted their duties and staged a dharna in front of the office demanding action against the TRS leader and his supporters.Sources said Shankar tried to reason with the TRS leader but the latter lost his cool on some issue to do with land during the programme. Later, the TRS leader, too, lodged a complaint against Shankar charging him with having used abusive language against TRS ST cell president Bhukya Motilal.Sources said that the land issue in question pertains to the issuance of notices to 32 families at Enumamula village in Warangal following a complaint from one Rama Yadagiri who has claimed that a part of the land in Enumamula belonged to his family members.Members of the 32 families approached the TRS leader for justice and Vidyasagar approached Shankar for clarification in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11693114", "title": "Injured undergoes leg surgeries", "text": "PUNE: The youth who sustained fractures in both legs after being hit at Pulgate by the bus driven by Maharashtra state road transport corporation's driver Santosh Mane on January 25 underwent surgeries at the Sassoon hospital on Monday.Twenty-year-old Praful Nair is bed ridden and will have to be in the hospital for a few more days because of which he will be unable to write the exams for an entry into the defence services.Twenty-year-old Praful Nair, who sustained fractures in both legs after being hit at Pulgate by the bus driven by Maharashtra state road transport corporation's driver Santosh Mane on January 25, underwent surgery at the Sassoon Hospital on Monday.\"Nair had broken the femur bone of one leg and suffered knee fracture in the other. We operated on both his legs. A procedure called nailing was carried out to fix the broken femur bone, while the fracture in the other leg has been fixed with the help of screws,\" the orthopaedic surgeon, who carried out the procedure, said on the condition of anonymity.Medical superintendent D G Kulkarni of the Sassoon hospital said, \"Nair has undergone surgeries on both legs and will have to stay in the hospital for a few more days.\"Nair, a final year B Com student of the Symbiosis College of Arts and Commerce had left for college around 8 am on his motorcycle on the fateful day. The bus hit him from behind near the S M Joshi school at Pulgate. After being hit, he was dragged for a distance. Bystanders took him to the Pune Cantonment hospital. Later, his parents shifted him to the Sassoon hospital.For two years now, Nair had been preparing for the Combined Defence Service Examination and the Air Force Common Admission Test (CAT) - the first being an exam for an officer's post in the army and the other for a ground duty officer's post in the air force. But bus driver Mane's rampage on Wednesday have stayed his plans of appearing for both exams - the CDS exam is scheduled on February 12 and the Air Force CAT on February 26.\"I have wanted to join the defence services since my childhood,\" said Nair, a resident of Ghorpadi gaon. \"Though no one from my family has ever been part of the defence services, I have always wanted to serve my country. This would have been my maiden attempt at both the exams, for which I have been preparing for the last two years. Given my condition now, where I cannot even move, I will not be able to write the exams.\"As many as 13 patients with injuries were admitted to the state-run Sassoon hospital soon after the ill-fated incident.\"Ten of them sought discharge against medical advice. At present, we are treating three patients including Nair. The other two have sustained head and limb injuries, apart from body abrasions. All of them require treatment for some more days,\" said Kulkarni.The condition of seven-year-old Rishi Khandelwal, who was critical earlier, has improved significantly. \"Rishi is doing well. He was given liquid diet on Monday after we shifted him from the ICU to a regular ward,\" said neurosurgeon Prashant Khandelwal of the Jehangir hospital, where Rishi is being treated currently.On Wednesday morning, Santosh Mane, a driver, had taken a bus from the Swargate bus depot and gone on a rampage for about an hour on city roads, killing eight people and damaging 37 vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi/kolkata", "code": "11693446", "title": "Mamata hits out at PM, Congress silent", "text": "NEW DELHI/KOLKATA: Congress ducked Trinamool Congress's fresh assault, refusing to join issue with Mamata Banerjee who slammed the Centre, including the PM and the finance minister, for ignoring the interests of the people of Bengal.Mamata, in a TV interview, said eight months after she came to power, the Centre had not bothered to \"give a single penny\" to the state despite knowing the debt in Bengal. She said the Centre also refused to accept its demand for tax holiday despite 94% of the state earnings going for salaries, interests to the centre and pensions which made it difficult to run the government with the remaining 6% money.Mamata warned Trinamool would continue to oppose anti-people policies like FDI in retail, Lokayukta clause in Lokpal bill and fuel hike. The sharp comments, which included Congress old links with the Left and its absence from her agitations in Nandigram and Singur, however, did not elicit any response from the senior UPA ally. Congress chose to skirt the fresh provocation with spokesman Rashid Alvi saying, \"She is our ally and we would not comment on her statement. As far as the commitments of finance minister and prime minister to people of Bengal are concerned, they would all be fulfilled and implemented.\"Mamata reminded the PM that Congress does not have the requisite majority at the Centre and was surviving because of Trinamool. \"On the other hand, in Bengal, we have nearly two-thirds majority. We could have formed the government on our own, but honouring the dharma of coalition politics, we have kept Congress as partners in the government.\" She also accused Congress of conspiring with the CPM to trouble the government. \"Delhi has done nothing to help us. Before the election, the PM had promised in public meetings in Bengal that he would extend all assistance to the coalition government. Where is the help? \" she said, warning that there would be \"conflicts\" if Bengal was not given its due.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11693396", "title": "Water scarcity", "text": "Repair works in water supply pipeline at many areas of the city on Tuesday would affect the water supply and residents would face water scarcity.The authority has requested the residents to store water in advance and bear the inconvenience.Water supply will be halted from 9am to 6pm on Tuesday in sectors 14 to 18, parts of sector 21-A, 22 A and B, 23, 24 and Sector 25.Leakage has been detected in water pipelines passing through these areas of the city and it needs to be repaired immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "11692646", "title": "Auto set on fire after fatal accident", "text": "BARASAT: A mob set an auto on fire after it hit a 32-year-old pedestrian, killing him on the spot. The incident occurred on Mogra Road at Rudrapur near Habra in North 24-Parganas, on Monday afternoon. While the three auto passengers were injured, a contingent of police and two fire engines rushed to the spot to bring the situation under control.Police said the accident took place at around 2.30pm when the auto carrying three passengers was on its way to Habra. The driver lost control and hit a pedestrian who was identified as Sanjoy Mondal, a resident of Habra's Chunirhat.The auto then rammed into a roadside tea stall and overturned. Mondal and three auto passengers were injured in the accident. Locals rushed to the spot and allThe injured were taken to Habra State General Hospital where Mondal was declared brought dead. The threeassengers were admitted in a critical condition. Police are the lookout for the auto driver who managed to flee.To protest against the incident, locals put up a road blockade on Habra-Mogra Road. They demanded immediate arrest of the driver and alleged that the driver was in an inebriated state which led to the accident was killed after being hit by it on Mogra Road at Rudrapur near Habra in North 24-Parganas on Monday afternoon. Three auto passengers including a woman were also critically injured in the accident. Locals also put up a road block on Habra-Mogra Road to protest against the accident demanding immediate arrest of the auto driver who was allegedly in an inebriated condition which led to the accident. A large contingent of police and two fire engines rushed to the spot to bring the situation under control. Police are looking for the accused auto driver who managed to flee away from the spot soon after the accident occurred.Police said the accident took place around 2.30pm when the auto carrying three passengers was on its way to Habra. Suddenly the driver lost its control and hit a pedestrian identified as Sanjoy Mondal, a resident of Chunirhat in Habra. Then the auto rammed into a roadside tea stall and overturned. Mondal and three auto passengers were injured in the accident. Locals rushed to the spot and all the injured were taken to Habra State General Hospital where Mondal was declared brought dead and three others were admitted in critical condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11694320", "title": "First-time voters share experience", "text": "LUDHIANA: Aanchal Aggarwal, Vinsy Vinod and Arun Chauhan, all achieved a milestone on Monday as they exercised their right to franchise for the first time. Thrilled to be a part of the big democracy, the three were among the 100-odd people in the city who shared their first experience with the world wide web through Facebook's 'I Love Ludhiana' page.On Monday morning, Raman Singh and Harjinder Singh, who created the page, had floated the question of how the voting experience was for first-timers.The duo said they got a good response and spent several hours of the day chatting with the members of their page. About 100 members commented on the page, while 200 members responded to the comments with 'likes'.\"My first voting experience...feels great and a sense of becoming an adult who can take some decisions for the benefit of society,'' read Aanchal's status.The Civil Lines-resident said she had been anxiously waiting for the day and believes that every single vote can make a difference.Vinsy, a resident of Shimplapuri, wrote on the page: \"I voted first time...I am proud to be citizen of biggest democratic country in the world.'' Vinsy said he is proud that he got a chance to vote for the right candidate because he believes that the right leader can help in curbing corruption.\"Voted for the very first time...feels great to get involved,'' commented Arun of Model Town.Arun said since it was his first time he was a little nervous but it took only a few seconds to cast his vote and now he is feeling very relaxed.Co-administrator of the page, Harjinder said fans had been posting various comments and he had been replying to them for a long time.His partner Raman of Sargodha Colony said elections is the hot topic these days so they thought of engaging all their members in the issue.A student, Raman said markets and educational institutions were closed so it was a good time to spend time online and connect with first time voters.\"We have over 34,000 fans and all are young so we guessed that many of them would be voting for the first time and took the opportunity to ask them about their experiences,\" he added.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11692566", "title": "City Police chief yet to resume office", "text": "NASHIK: Nashik police commisioner Vinod Lokhande, who was reportedly asked to go on a compulsory leave on January 21 for a week, did not resume his duty on Monday.His absence raising raised speculations over who would head the police commissionerate.While Lokhande was not available for comment, senior police officials on condition of anonymity said that it was not a compulsory leave but the police commissioner had applied for it since he has a fractured toe.However, Nashikites are not ready to buy this theory considering that after the commissioner went on leave, deputy commissioner of police Sahebrao Patil has been looking after the affairs of the city police commissionerate.Meanwhile, there are also reports that against the on backdrop of the rising incidences of vehicle thefts, chain-snatchings and two back-to-back incidents of torching vehicles, Nashik Lok Sabha MP Sameer Bhujbal, who had asked for a CID inquiry into it, was not happy with the leadership at the police commissionerate.Recently the state election commissioner had said Nashik was the \"second most sensitive\" district going in for the civic polls due to law and order issues.However, senior officials contend that the crime graph here is like any other city in the state and They further added that there was is no strong ground on the basis of which Lokhande can be transferred from Nashik city.Incidentally on Monday, the acting police commissioner, Dhananjay Kamlakar, also did not come in the morning leading to further speculations of Lokhande's return. But Kamlakar came in the evening and also held a meeting with all the police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11693908", "title": "NDMA planning disaster trauma care guidelines", "text": "KOCHI: National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) will soon come up with guidelines to integrate mental health into disaster management action plan to help people cope up with post-disaster traumatic disorders, said Maj Gen J K Bansal, member, NDMA. NDMA will work with the National Mental Health Programme to ensure trauma health indicators are included during treatment.Almost 60% of the people return to normalcy with a month of a disaster while 30% of the remaining population takes about six months to recover. Delivering the inaugural address at the Indian Global Psychiatric Initiative (IGPI-2012) in Kochi on Tuesday, he quoted instances where people over-reacted out of fear. \"The Sikkimese were unable to sleep following the September 2011 earthquake.NDMA will work with the National Mental Health Programme to ensure trauma health indicators like toxic side-effects, weight gain, psychiatric problems are included during treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11694274", "title": "Ultrasound zap to stop sperm production", "text": "LONDON: Scientists claim to have made a step closer to developing an entirely new form of contraception for men after finding that a dose of ultrasound to the testicles helps stop the production of sperm in rats.In their study, published in the journal Reproductive Biology and Endocrinology, researchers at the University of North Carolina found that sound waves could be used to reduce sperm counts to levels that would cause infertility in humans.Although the findings are \"promising\" , far more tests are required before it could be used in humans, they said.\"Further studies are required to determine how long the contraceptive effect lasts and if it is safe to use multiple times,\" lead researcher James Tsuruta was quoted as saying by the BBC News.The concept was first proposed in the 1970s, but is now being pursued by the North Carolina team who won a grant from the Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation. They found that two, 15-minute doses \"significantly reduced\" the number of sperm-producing cells and sperm levels.The sperm count in rats dropped to below 10 million sperm per millilitre. It was most effective when delivered two days apart and through warm salt water.In humans, the researchers said men were considered to be \"sub-fertile\" when sperm counts dropped below 15 million sperm per millilitre . Tsuruta said they need to ensure that the ultrasound produces a reversible effect, contraception not sterilization , as well as investigate whether there would be cumulative damage from repeated doses.Allan Pacey, a professor in andrology at University of Sheffield, said: \"It's a nice idea, but a lot more work is needed.\" He said that it was likely that there would be recovery of sperm production, but the \"sperm might be damaged and any baby might be damaged\" when sperm production resumed.Sunshine vitamin boosts fertilityCan't conceive? Bask in the sun, for a study says it can boost fertility in both men and women. Researchers at Medical University of Graz in Austria say sunlight boosts fertility in both men and women by increasing their levels of vitamin D which is also key to balancing sex hormones in females and improving sperm count in males.Explained: Why boys speak lateResearchers have long agreed that girls tend to develop language skills faster than boys. An international team, led by the Telethon Institute for Child Health Research, has claimed that boys who are exposed to high levels of testosterone before birth are twice as likely to experience delays in language development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11692870", "title": "Parties feel the heat in Thane", "text": "THANE: There was anxiety among political parties here with MNS workers expressing their dissatisfaction at the choice of candidates and the Congress and the NCP failing to come to terms on seat adjustment for some wards in Mumbra and Kopri.Raj Thackeray's list of 115 candidates triggered bitter resentment and the party high command was forced to rush senior leader Bala Nandgaonkar to assuage the feelings of disgruntled MNS workers. The party office in Panchpakhadi appeared like a fortress as police and RAF personnel were deployed to keep the situation under control.MNS activists marched to the Shivaji Park home of Thackeray to expressed their disgust over the candidature given in Panchpakhadi, Kopri and Srirang Society.It is learnt that Thackeray gave them a patient hearing and has assured them to rectify wherever possible so as to partly contain the growing dissent.Meanwhile, an NCP leader said: \"The Congress wants to wrest the seat of our corporator, Sayyed Ali Ashraf. They have unilaterally announced the candidature of Shailesh Sawant from Kopri, Deepak Vedkar from Hazuri and Malan Galve from Sahakar Nagar. They has flouted the basic tenets of coalition politics.\" But the Congress remained firm and was also considering a friendly contest in 2-3 wards.On Monday, the poll panel said candidates can submit their AB forms, the nomination papers given by parties to their nominees, till February 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11691817", "title": "Snow polo set to take polo to new level", "text": "JAIPUR: Taking a cue from cricket, the royal sport of polo, too, is going through renaissance. The sport is now set to introduce the first Snow Polo World Cup (SPWC). The event boasts of the highest total prize money of one million USD in any polo tournament, with each participating team getting one lakh USD.The first ever nine-day inaugural snow polo hosted by the Federation of International Polo (FIP) will be held from February 4 to 12, 2012 at Tianjin, China. India will be represented by a team of four, under the captaincy of Rajasthan-based, Col Tarun Sirohi, who is also the secretary of India Polo Association.\"Polo that had almost stagnated is now exploring newer formats like Cricket. Conventional polo was succeeded by a new variant, Arena Polo and now for the first time snow polo is being introduced for which China is importing special horses from New Zealand and Australia,\" said Col Tarun Sirohi, team captain, 61 Cavalry, Jaipur.Twelve countries participating in the event, apart from India, are Argentina, England, Italy, Australia, France, New Zealand, Brazil, Hong Kong, South Africa , Chile and USA.Other members on the Indian team are Syed Shamsheer Ali, Samir Suhag and Angad Kalaan.Europe's current financial crisis spells China's gain as the credit crunch continues to shake the coffers of Europe's elite. This is the first time the World Cup has come to China, but it's not a new competition.\"Since 1985, it has been a fixture in the Swiss resort town of St Moritz, where the tournament began, though on a far smaller scale. This is the first time that so much money is being pumped into the sport and it's a matter of pride that Indian polo team is among the top 12 countries in the world,\" said Vikram Rathore, FIP ambassador for India.\"The World Cup teams will consist of three players and one reserve, and a 14-16 goal level though played on a far smaller ground than a classical polo field. While for the riders, it isn't too dissimilar to the more traditional grass game, one difference is that instead of a white ball snow polo will be played with a large bright orange ball for easy visibility on snow,\" said Vikram.However, a big difference lies in training of horses. Six weeks prior to the competition, the animals are taken to the arena so that they are familiar with it. Three weeks before the game, they have special horseshoes fitted and two screw-in studs are attached to it before the matches. For the riders, the difficulty comes in handling unfamiliar animals on tricky terrain. \"We had a 10-day coaching camp in the cavalry by a foreign coach though of course on sand,\" Col Sirohi said.And while this is the first time that snow polo has been cancelled in Switzerland . Two snow-making machines have been at work for about a month, churning out clouds of fluffy white stuff that is tamped down and groomed by a 'snow cat' machine to a depth of 25 centimetres to prepare the snow ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11686688", "title": "Tellytown\u2019s big dreamers", "text": "Some telly hotties are keeping their fingers crossed for their second innings in B-Town this year...The lure of Bollywood continues to beckon young prime time stars in 2012. Adding to the large number of starry-eyed hopefuls, who audition everyday for a film, are our Tellytown heartthrobs, some of whom are waiting for their second innings in B-Town, post their successful small screen stint. Hotties Karan Singh Grover (Lorrie), Shilpa Anand (Bloody Ishq and Alert 24x7) Amar Upadhyay (Club Lodhi Road), Pulkit Samrat (Bittoo Boss) and Krushna Abhishek (Bol Bachchan, Mr Money) are all taking their big screen bow.Soapbox dreamboat Karan Singh Grover who debuted in Nari Hira's Bhram a few years ago and is essaying the male lead's role in Pavan Kaul's Lorie with Diana Hayden , says, \"It's a myth that TV actors can't make it big in the film industry. If you have the talent and determination, you can make it big in films, after a successful career in television.TV actors have the added advantage of making their debut to an audience that has already appreciated them before.\" While telly actors are hoping that they will find their place in films, the million buck question remains the same - is Bollywood really open to them playing starring roles in films? Roshni Chopra, who debuted in Vikram Bhatt's Phhir and had acted in a couple of flicks earlier, says, \"Times are changing for small screen actors. Even Bollywood actors are doing small screen ventures. The line between films and television is blurring. The casting process is getting more systematic in Bollywood. Telly superstars like Ronit Roy, Ram Kapoor, Rajeev Khandelwal are wowing Bollywood. TV actors are indeed making it big on the silver screen as well.\"Best known as the first Mihir of the iconic daily, Kyunkii...Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi (that catapulted him to telly stardom overnight) and more recently as a reality show participant in Bigg Boss 5, Amar Upadhyay's all set to give his film career a second chance with Saurabh Kabra's Club Lodhi Road. Amar says, \"When I started my innings in Bollywood, the audience was not ready for experimental cinema. Now, they are opening up to different subjects. I'm sure things will improve for me too.\"Even channel heads and producers feel that a talented TV star will find his/her toehold in films. Producer Hemal Thakkar, who is working on a Bollywood flick himself, says, \"Good TV actors get better opportunities across all the mediums - be it commercials or films. While TV actors do get prominent roles in films, only a few have it in them to become superstars. And, it is not only a matter of talent, even luck's important.\"Of course, some of these twinkling telly stars are hoping to strike BO gold, the second time around and rewrite history, ala Shah Rukh Khan . Will they get second time lucky? Or will they have to eat humble pie and return to their small turf, a few months later, is something that only time can tell. Until then, it's lights, sound and action in the movies !", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11692723", "title": "Fungal super-infections turn killer in burns cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fungal infections have been found to be a significant cause of death in burns cases, a new study has revealed. Ironically, these infections result from the use of powerful third-generation antibiotics that destroy all bacteria while allowing fungi present in the environment and the gastrointestinal tract to grow unchecked.A study by doctors at Safdarjung Hospital, published in the medical journal 'Burns', shows 12 out of 100 burn injury patients included in the research had fungal infection. The mortality rate among the infected patients was found to be 66.7%. Most of the patients found positive for fungal infection were on three or more higher antibiotics, given either as a combination or over a period of 10 days. \"Of this, the commonest were carbapenems and monobactums followed by Piperacillin and Tazobactum,\" states the report. Safdarjung Hospital has the largest dedicated burns unit in Asia with an average of 2000 admissions every year.One of the lead authors of the study, who did not want to be named, said the ubiquity of fungi in the environment along with the suppression of normal bacteria causes the fungal super-infection in burns. \"The broad spectrum antibiotics destroy bacteria which grow on the dead tissues in the wound area. But the fungi, which are present in the system, get a chance to proliferate. They turn pathogenic, leading to infection and even death,\" he said. Extreme age groups - children and the elderly - diabetes , inhalation injury, prolonged hospital stay and other risk factors increase the chances of fungal infection in the wound.Experts say that till a few years ago, the burnt surface was considered to be a suitable site for opportunistic colonization and invasion by bacteria which could be checked by early wound excision and skin grafting and the use of antibiotic therapy. But now, anti-fungal therapy is being mulled in view of the increasing incidence of fungal infection in patients.A senior doctor said, \"A lot of effort has been put into treating life threatening bacterial septicemia in burns but often the bacterial culture is negative yet the patient's condition deteriorates. Fever, sepsis and even death occur as a consequence. No attention was paid towards the cause of this increasing mortality for a long time. Our investigations suggest that all such patients are usually suffering from fungal infection, and this was confirmed with positive biopsy results. Early closure of wound can be effective in fighting this and decreasing the risk.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11693878", "title": "Road safety: Cartoons to spread the message", "text": "KOCHI: Now cartoonists in the state will wield their pens to create awareness among the public on the need for championing safe driving habits.In an innovative effort, the Kerala Motor Vehicles Department has joined hands with the Kerala Cartoon Academy to try and reduce the number of road accidents by creating mass awareness.The initiative, first of its kind in the state, will focus mainly on creating awareness among students through illustrations, comic strips and sketches. A Hemachandran, transport commissioner, said cartoon was a concrete medium that appealed to both adults and kids and that it was easy to convey messages through them.\"Initially, interactive sessions involving cartoonists and officials will be held to chart out common themes and generate ideas on how to run the campaign. Once the cartoons are ready, they would be transformed into comic strips and hand books that will be circulated among the public through road safety clubs in schools,\" said Hemachandran.Adverse effects of using mobile phones while driving, riding motor cycle without helmet, over-speeding and drunken driving will be the major themes that will appear as cartoons. Cartoonists will also portray various other traffic and road safety related issues. Sajeev Balakrishnan, secretary, Kerala Cartoon Academy said they supported the initiative as it was a noble cause. \"Cartoonists can creatively communicate different ideas to the people. We will be using our creative talent to make the public aware of the need for safe driving habits,\" he said.The Kerala Motor Vehicles Department has joined hands with the Kerala Cartoon Academy to try and reduce the number of road accidents by creating mass awareness. The initiative, first of its kind in the state, will focus mainly on creating awareness among students through illustrations, comic strips and sketches", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11692576", "title": "Plastic ban fizzles out in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: Seven months after it was imposed, the plastic ban in Hyderabad has fizzled out completely. While production of 'cheap' plastic (below 40 micron) in city-based manufacturing units has shot, import from neighbouring states too has increased manifold.Even the price of plastic below 40 micron that was just about Rs 80-85 per kg prior to the ban has now touched a new high of Rs 110 per kg. Worse, erring units raided and shut by the authorities over the last few months are back in action producing reams of the forbidden stuff on a regular basis.As per Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board (APPCB) records, close to a dozen units in and around Kattedan (hub of plastic manufacturers) have been inspected in the last seven months.While some have been let off after strict warnings and penalties, others have been closed for flouting norms. But while PCB officials maintain that such rigorous activity and routine inspections have helped in drastically cutting down the production of cheap plastic, sources operating in the area disagree.They point out how most units in Kattedan, including those that came under the PCB scanner, continue to produce plastic below 40 micron in bulk. \"And this is being done in connivance with PCB and municipal authorities,\" alleged a plastic manufacturer from the city adding, \"The units that have been shut are functioning from behind closed doors. They have paid petty penalties ranging between Rs 4,000 and Rs 5,000 and managed to keep their machines working.\"Local stocks apart, sources point out that the import of cheap plastic from states like Gujarat has also jumped considerably with the city receiving at least 30-50 tonnes of plastic everyday. This was the city's intake prior to the ban. In fact, manufacturers from the plastic capital of India (Gujarat is the highest producer) have even set shop in Hyderabad now and have full-fledged marketing teams doing the rounds of the city to sell the banned product, they say.\"The Begum Bazar area in particular is dotted with such outlets. They keep no stock in the city so it is almost impossible to nail them. The firms take orders from Hyderabad and get the stocks delivered clandestinely,\" added another manufacturer on conditions of anonymity. Not surprising then that most local 'kirana' stores and grocery shops in the twin cities are again seen using the flimsy carry bags that had, for a brief period, disappeared from their shelves. Such charges are, however, rubbished by the Kattedan Small Scale Manufacturers' Association (KSSMA).While they admit that the city is indeed sitting on a pile of cheap plastic, the manufacturers maintain that it is not being churned out by the units at Kattedan. \"The plastic is produced by stray units located primarily in the Old City area,\" said Shiv Kumar Gupta, vice-president, KSSMA, adding, \"At least 90% of those operating in our area only produce plastic 40 micron and above.\"Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) officials second this claim and even argue that there has been a 3-4% reduction in use of cheap plastic in the city over the last few months. \"Earlier the garbage generated in the city consisted of roughly 10.4% of plastic below 40 micron, now it's around 7%,\" said S Aleem Basha, additional commissioner (health and sanitation), the implementing authority of the ban.When asked about the manufacturing units and the rise in import of banned plastic, Basha, however, washed his hands of the matter and said that it was entirely PCB's job. \"GHMC only keeps tabs on retailers. Manufacturers are dealt with by PCB. Hence, it is that department which should be answerable in case there is a rise in production of banned plastic,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11693309", "title": "Prepare for power hikes every year: Electricity Board", "text": "CHENNAI: People in the state are not willing to pay more for power because supply is erratic and outages are increasing.Attending Tamil Nadu Electricity Board's first public hearing on its tariff revision proposal on Monday, consumers said the power utility's lethargy had led to distribution losses. The board, they said, should not pass on the cost of the losses to the end user.However, TNEB managing director Rajeev Ranjan said regular tariff hikes are inevitable as the power utility is in a financial mess. \"Consumers should be prepared for reasonable hikes every year,\" he said. TNEB has losses of 40,000 crore and owes more than 10,000 crore to power vendors, but Ranjan said the power situation is likely to improve soon.The public hearing was held by the Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission (TNERC) between 10.30am and 6pm at the Raja Annamalai Mandram. A majority of the participants were domestic and agricultural consumers.Thirumurugan, a participant, said that instead of hiking the tariff for domestic and small commercial consumers, TNEB should increase the tariff for multinational companies instead of giving them subsidized power.He criticized TNERC too, alleging that it had not been able to regularize purchase of power from private players. \"The commission should be closed down. Commission members who supported power purchase from private firms and caused a loss of 50,000 crore to the power utility should be arrested,\" he said. Thirumurugan asked for the date and venue of hearings to be proper communicated.A P Srinivasan of Consumer Protection Forum said consumers would be ready to pay more if power supply is uninterrupted. \"Those who seek temporary supply should not be provided power from the grid, they should be asked to use diesel generators instead,\" he said. \"In the domestic sector, every tenant should have separate meters. This will reduce distribution losses.\"Southern Railway chief distribution engineer Chandrasekhar said railway stations in the state would be in the commercial category according to the tariff proposal. He asked for the railways to be included in some other category.TNEB chief Ranjan said the hike was inevitable as the power tariff had not been increased for over a decade. \"The revenue and supply deficit is 2 per unit. There are 55,000 vacancies in the board. If revenue improves, the service will also get better,\" he said. He said TNEB has tried to give consumers a cushion.Ranjan said the Kudankulam nuclear power project it is very important for the energy security of the nation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11693888", "title": "51 file papers on Day four", "text": "LUCKNOW: The fourth day of nomination in Lucknow witnessed veterans like Kalraj Mishra, BJP candidate from Lucknow East, new faces like Harsh Vardhan - a research scholar at Jawaharlal Nehru University and Congress candidate from Mohanlalganj and rich contestants like Arun Dwivedi and Juhie Singh - BSP and SP candidates from Lucknow North and Lucknow East respectively. In all, 51 candidates filed their crime and asset record with the Lucknow administration here on Monday. With this, the total number of candidates' seeking the patronage of over 20 lakh voters of the district, reached 104.The day, however, began with Juhie Singh, Samajwadi Party (SP) candidate and daughter of former chief secretary AP Singh, submitting her papers at the collectorate. The clarity of bank account and asset details in her affidavit impressed those present at the returning officer's workplace.Details from the affidavit showed that she was the second richest candidate for the day. The total worth of her assets stood at Rs 9.51 crore. Talking to reporters she said, \"There are so many things to be done for the city. I will focus on building better infrastructure, especially roads, educational institutions and facility centers. Women and children in my constituency will get all the attention they need if I am elected,\" she said.The BJP candidates arrived one after the other. A couple of candidates who had filed their nominations previously were also present to submit their details. Senior BJP leader Kalraj Mishra kept his nomination a low-key affair. His supporters anxiously waited for him to return to them after filing nominations.As Mishra's supporters greeted him with flowers, party MP Lalji Tandon's son Ashutosh (Gopalji) Tandon came to file his nominations from newly constituted Lucknow North assembly segment. Though visibly eager to voice a list of promises for voters, Tandon banked on the development rhetoric. \"Development tops my priority list. I will remove all shortcomings,\" he said ending his media interaction in quickly.Thereafter, BJP candidates from Bakshi Ka Talab and Lucknow West assembly segments - Sanjay Singh and Suresh Srivastava - proceeded to the returning officers of their constituencies. Similarly, Virendra Tiwari, BJP candidate from Sarojninagar and Vidya Sagar Gupta and Rajesh Rawat, from Central and Malihabad, followed suit. They all promised to bring real development in their respective constituencies.Bahujan Samaj Party candidate from Lucknow north constituency Arun Dwivedi was the richest candidate of the day. The total worth of his assets stood at 15.38 crore. SP candidate from Bakshi ka talab segment Gomti Yadav and Kalraj Mishra were the other crorepati candidate. Others who filed their nominations included Inder Kumar (Malihabad), Chandra Rawat (Mohanlalganj), Pushpa Rawat (Mohanlalganj), Naseem 'Pandit' (Lucknow Central), Harsh Vardhan Shyam (Mohanlalganj), Fakir Siddiqui (Lucknow Central) and Jagdish Chandra (Mahilabad) among others.In his early 30s, Harsh Vardhan is a research scholar at Jawaharlal Nehru University's college of social sciences. He is also been associated with the NSUI and Congress party's youth wing. It was because of his political inclination that he came in touch with Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi. \"He is the one who motivated me to contest elections and work for the country,\" Harsh told reporters.The heavy footfall of candidates and their supporters also created a chaos at the collectorate at around 3.00 pm when supporters of a candidate clashed with the police as the latter tried to stop them from entering the workplace of the returning officer. When the supporters tried to barge into the office, the police forced them out of the DM office campus. Irritated over this, the supporters started raising anti-administration slogans but could not really help.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11692737", "title": "Rohini burglary: Woman nabbed", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 35-year-old woman who burgled a businessman's house in the Rohini area of outer Delhi has been nabbed. The accused has been identified as Meenakshi.B S Jaiswal, DCP, outer, said, \"The woman knew the victim and had gone to the house for tea. When the victim went to the other room, Meenakshi mixed a sedative in the tea and decamped with cash and jewellery. We traced her whereabouts and nabbed her on Sunday.\"The accused is separated from her husband and has a child, police said. She used to live with her boyfriend, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11692608", "title": "'Don't junk your kid's junk food", "text": "If you always thought you should keep your children a mile away from tantalizing burgers or cheesy pizzas, it's time to do a rethink. Celebrity chef Sanjeev Kapoor , who interacted with parents as part of a Mumbai for Kids event on Sunday, dished out culinary tips on how parents could make junk food healthy without compromising on the fitness of their kids.The point he was trying to drive home was that parents can no longer insulate their kids from junk food. They are naturally drawn to food that is aggressively advertized on hoardings and the television and the kind that is devoured by friends their age. \"Don't deny children the food that they like. It is not the food that is unhealthy. It is up to you to prepare it right,\" he told an audience of enthusiastic parents.Kapoor showed parents how they could lure their kids to healthy food with small innovations in the kitchen. He demonstrated by whipping up a chikoo and date milkshake. It could be served the first time with a scoop of chocolate ice-cream that could be done away once children were drawn to it, Kapoor suggested. Or a healthy dosa could be garnished with a bit of cheese to make it appeal to children. \"Talk in their lingo. Name the food you make after popular junk they like,\" he said. Make pizza or burger with whole-wheat bread. Use non-stick pans to reduce the need for oil. For children who picked veggies off their plates, parents could always puree these with tomato sauce.Cooking the tasty items at home, after all, would keep children away from restaurants and roadside dhabas, unquestionably an unhealthier option. And the same 'junk' could be prepared healthily. Avoiding white food (white flour or rice) was an important diktat.It was important to get children involved with food at an early age, Kapoor advised, urging parents to indulge in 'menu engineering' as a family tradition. Drawing up a weekly chart and asking children what they would like to eat over the next few days could be an option. He believes children learn to respect the choices of other family members too through this technique. A father of two himself, Kapoor shared how food in their household was a family affair.\"Healthy eating has become a habit in our home. My two daughters, for instance, are so fond of brown rice now that they question why there is white rice on the table when we prepare it,\" he said. He encouraged parents to experiment and innovate with their preparations rather than dishing out boring grub routinely. \"Taste what you are serving children. If it is boring for you, it is definitely boring for them,\" he said jovially.There are other ways of involving children in food. Taking them to the bazaar and familiarizing them with ingredients gets them interested. Spending more time on the dining table as a family rather than going out as a couple and leaving the kids to dial in a pizza could make a huge difference.The session came as a Godsend to several parents whose several commonplace queries were quelled. What about cooking in microwaves, asked one concerned mother as Kapoor confidently assured that it wasn't a problem. Another was curious about the use of artificial sweeteners only to be told that you shouldn't use them if you don't need them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11692385", "title": "Judges\u2019 panel for rejig of Nalsar top brass", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a damning report, a high level committee of judges of Andhra Pradesh High Court recommended to the chief justice a complete overhaul of the academic governance and administration of National Academy of Legal Studies and Research (Nalsar) University, Hyderabad.The four-member committee headed by Justice Syed Shah Mohammed Quadri, former Supreme Court judge, was appointed by the then AP chief justice, Nisar Ahmad Kakru, to probe the complaints lodged by the faculty and the students. The chief justice is also the chancellor of the Nalsar University.The committee, which has Justices VVS Rao, Ramesh Ranganathan (AP High Court) and S Ravi Kumar (district &amp; sessions judge, member secretary of AP State Legal Services Authority) as member, after a thorough examination of the records, detailed interactions with faculty and students, found that unbridled concentration of power in the hands of vice chancellor, favoritism, abuse of authority, gross academic indiscipline, financial irregularities were jeopardizing the founding objective of the university.The report was submitted in September 2011, but incidentally came to light after a team of auditors from the state stumbled upon it last Friday. The judges committee, after probing the functioning of the VC office, its favoritism, the haphazard way of spending money in the form of unaccounted miscellaneous expenditure, stated that \"it is a matter of urgency that necessary statutes and regulations are put in place to safeguard against abuse of discretionary power by those in the management of Nalsar.\"The judges panel also found gross irregularities in awarding the contracts to build hostel blocks. Works were entrusted on nomination basis, without calling for tenders. On occasions when tenders were floated, lowest bidder was not chosen leading to huge financial loss.Though it had invited tenders for the construction of the hostel blocks and residential units at an estimated cost of Rs. l,83,49,796-, the bid of M/s. Ramky Engg which was the lowest at 1.17% excess over the estimated cost was not accepted, and the work was awarded to M/s. Asia Engg. Company, Secunderabad for Rs.2,00,11,075/- at 9.05% excess over the estimated value.The committee found that faculty member Dr Vijender Kumar was most favored member in Nalsar. Rules were bent , violated, bypassed to benefit him financially in all conceivable ways. At the instance of the VC, the university even purchased his old furniture for Rs 32,000 and allowed him to use the same in his quarters which he was using illegally. The VC appointed him simultaneously as proctor and deputy registrar, giving him extra pay for the assignments. The VC ignored even though he used the university car illegally.Another person who abused the office car was former registrar KVS Sarma. The judges committee also found utter financial chaos in the university. No proper accounts were kept for expenditure. To their surprise, the judges discovered a head \"miscellaneous expenditure\" that had eaten away lakhs of rupees without any record.All questionable expenditures are shown as miscellaneous and details were not made available either to auditors or the judges committee. \"The decentralization of power and authority in the VC'S office is necessary to prevent and check widespread misuse,\" the judges committee felt.The committee recommended that a prior written permission of the chancellor must be obtained before the Nalsar VC undertakes foreign trips. Dismayed at VC and registrars taking honorarium from the university for the conduct of CLAT, the judges suggested a bar on their claiming honorarium In 2009, VC and registrar and Vijender Kumar were paid honorarium of Rs 90,000, Rs 60,000 and 50,000 respectively. \"The VC and the registrar should not be a part of the project or be paid any honorarium or other fees in relation there to unless the project is brought exclusively in their capacity as a subject expert,\" the committee said.The committee also expressed concern over Nalsar's shifting of focus to fund-generating distance education. It said, the distance education \"may help it shore up its finances, Nalsar has, by spreading itself wide and thin, created dissatisfaction among its students and faculty of the manner in which the institution is administered.\"Finally, the committee felt, \"Wastage of scarce financial resources, the teaching faculty being divided into groups, and the atmosphere of uncertainty prevailing in the campus, does not augur well for the future of this premier institution.\" Last month, Nalsar was in the news when Prof Amita Dhanda, a senior faculty member levelled allegations of \"criminal defamation, sexual harassment and misconduct\" against the vice chancellor, Prof Veer Singh.In her complaint which was submitted before the present chief justice of AP High Court, Madan B Lokur, Dhanda had stated that Singh had sent her an email which had sexual overtures. Singh had denied the allegation stating that Dhanda \"misinterpreted his communication and it is abnormal to see a sexual connotation in the same\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "11693993", "title": "Uttarakhand polls: Democracy shines in the hills", "text": "DEHRADUN: Contrary to fears of weather playing spoil-sport , Uttarakhand registered a high of 70% voting on Monday. The security was nearly failsafe with just one astonishing attempt by former CM Ramesh Pokhriyal 'Nishank' to forcibly enter a polling booth, which was foiled. In fact, there was around 7% higher polling in 60 out of 70 seats across the state compared to the 2007 elections which were held in February.Election officials ascribed the rise in overall polling to greater enthusiasm among voters. Helping the high turnout was bright sunshine throughout the day -from eight pm to five pm. Voting took place with the same vigour in both the hills and the plains. Queuing outside booths began at 8 am and continued until the last votes were cast at 5 pm. In hill constituencies like Mussoorie , Dhanaulti and Tehri, people were seen crisscrossing different motorable and pedestrian routes in great hurry to reach their booths. By the time it was noon, there were serpentine queues in Dehradun, Haridwar, Mussoorie and Pauri.Most election officials described the polling as heavy compared to 2007 when the BJP had won. Uttarakhand chief election officer Radha Raturi told TOI the large turnout indicated people enthusiastically participated \"in the dance of democracy\" . She added, \"There was heavy polling in most constituencies in Uttarkashi where 68% people voted . This is good sign for democracy.\" Uttarakhand CM BC Khanduri, who is contesting from Kotdwar, said, \"I am sure the people coming out to vote in such numbers means the result is going in our favour. We are hopeful of getting a majority.\"On the other hand, Union parliamentary affairs minister Harish Rawat, who is most likely Congress's chief ministerial candidate, said voters are angry. \"The trend shows the people are in the mood to throw out the BJP government which has encouraged corruption and scams in the name of development ,\" Rawat said. Polling was disrupted in Balawla polling booth under Doiwala seat for an hour after BJP supporters led by BJP candidate and former CM Ramesh Pokhriyal 'Nishank ' allegedly tried to force themselves into a polling booth. However , CISF personnel shoved them out.Voters in a few villages in Pithoragarh , Tharali and Rudraprayag boycotted the polling in protest against the government failure to connect them with roads and commission drinking water projects.Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11693287", "title": "PGI gets NAT for screening blood", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Now, Nucleic Acid Testing (NAT) is available at PGI. The test is for improving blood safety from transfusion transmissible viral infection like HIV, hepatitis B and C.NAT is the most sensitive and state-of-the-art testing for improving blood safety from transfusion transmissible viral infections a?? HIV, hepatitis B and C. It detects the presence of DNA or RNA of the virus.At present ELISA tests are done which are serology-based and detect either antibodies to the virus or antigens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11693119", "title": "Assistant tax chief arrested for taking bribe", "text": "CHENNAI: Vigilance and anti-corruption sleuths on Monday arrested a commercial tax assistant commissioner while accepting a bribe from a businessman to issue a tax identification number (TIN) to him.According to DVAC sources, they laid a trap at the commercial tax office on Model School Road shortly after lunch following a complaint from Andrews Tanoj Kumar, managing director of Creating High Impact Concept Company in Choolaimedu. As soon as M N Jayalakshmi, 57, accepted Rs 4,000 from the complainant, the DVAC sleuths took her into custody.The accused later confessed to have demanded the bribe for issuing a TIN number to the complainant for his company. When the complainant approached her on January 23, she asked him to give her the sum claiming that it was mandatory. On January 25, Andrew again approached her after lodging a complaint with the DVAC. Based on this, they laid a trap to nab the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11693242", "title": "50% PMC corporators haven\u2019t been to college", "text": "PUNE: For a city that takes pride in being at the forefront of education, more than half the corporators in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) have not studied up to or beyond SSC (standard X).Of these 76 corporators in the 149-member House, only 32 have passed the SSC examination. And of the remaining 44 corporators, six have not studied beyond standard IV, while one has never been to school. Two corporators have passed standard V, six have cleared standard VI, 19 have studied up to standard VII, six have completed standard VIII and four have cleared standard IX.These details were revealed in a reply to a plea filed by social activist Amar Londhe under the Right to Information (RTI) Act, seeking to know the educational qualifications of the corporators.Of the 73 corporators who studied beyond SSC, 25 failed to complete their graduation. Only 48 corporators are graduates or havecompleted a three-year diploma course after SSC. A doctor, an engineer, four diploma holders, four postgraduates and 38 graduates form this group, according to the RTI reply.\"I was aghast when I found out that half the corporators have not studied up to or beyond SSC. The PMC's annual budget is over Rs 3,000 crore. These members have decided policies for the city and have had a say during their five-year tenure on how taxpayers' money worth Rs 15,000 crore should be spent. Political parties should give tickets only to qualified candidates,\" Londhe said.However, leaders of all prominent parties have justified their decision to give tickets to party workers irrespective of whether they were educated or not. Many said that while academic qualifications were indeed an added advantage, a corporator should be judged more by his or her understanding of civic issues.The work he or she does at the grassroots level is of greater importance, they felt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11694127", "title": "Work around food &amp; kids: Madhuri", "text": "Amother of two, Bollywood actor Madhuri Dixit shares the angst of most mothers when it comes to getting her boys to eat healthy.\"I've spent hours chasing my older son around the house with food. I would switch to cartoons so that I could shove some food in his mouth when he laughed,\" she recalled.Sharing her experience with a rapt audience of mothers on Sunday, Dixit said it was important for mothers to educate their children about healthy eating. \"Work around food and your children. Don't force them,\" she said. She regaled the audience with how she would make pancakes and scrambled eggs along with her boys. \"Since they feel involved and enjoy the process, they feel like eating what's prepared,\" she said. Giving up her stern mother act, she frankly told parents that they should let their kids indulge in junk once a week so that they didn't crave for it either.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11694114", "title": "Dry days make Ludhianvis low", "text": "LUDHIANA: Those city residents who did not stock up on their preferred brand of alcohol were left wishing for the election to be done with soon and the dry spell to end. With the Election Commission imposing three dry days from Saturday till Monday, taverns, bars and lounges turned people back disappointed.Model Town-resident Harjeet Singh said he does not drink at home because of his kids.\"I usually go out for a drink but I had forgotten that there will be three dry days. Now, I'm eagerly looking forward to booze being available again,'' he added.Gurdev Singh of Sarabha Nagar said such a restriction makes it difficult for those who booze everyday. \"I had a very tough time because he had not remembered to stock up enough to see him through three days,'' he said.Vishal Agnihotri, who stays in Krishna Nagar, said even though taverns were closed, the authorities should have allowed bars and lounges to stay open as generally brawls occur at taverns. Resident of Rajguru Nagar, Surjit Singh said if it is necessary to shut down, the ban should be only for a day instead of three days. \"The weekend was perfect to enjoy but how does one enjoy without booze?''Food and beverage (F&B;) manager of a restaurant Mukesh Yadav said people came to their bar but they had to send them back, drawing curious reactions.F&B; manager of another hotel Randeep Grewal said many people had approached them also asking for alcoholic beverages but they had to turn them down.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11694231", "title": "Cabinet nod to fill 187 polytechnic college posts", "text": "SHIMLA: In a bid to pave way for the early establishment of five polytechnic colleges in the state, Himachal Pradesh cabinet on Monday approved to fill 187 posts under different categories on contractual basis. The government has decided to set up polytechnic colleges at Paonta Sahib, Bilaspur, Kullu, Kalpa in Kinnaur and Udaipur in Lahaul-Spiti.The cabinet also accorded approval for appointment of 156 ayurvedic medical officers on contract.The meeting, presided over by chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal , also decided to sell power available to the state government, on account of equity participation in Nathpa Jhakri Hydro Power Station, on yearly basis through bidding process.It also decided to implement 'Himachal Pradesh e-Stamping Rule, 2010' beyond the districts of Shimla and Solan so as to cover the entire state in a phased manner by authorizing Stock Holding Corporation of India Limited to implement the process and bring about transparency and efficiency in delivery of services to common man.Approval was also granted to the proposal of HP Power Corporation Limited for creating a separate category of project affected family, namely 'MPAF-Shamlat' for Renukaji Dam Project in Sirmaur district and the MPAF-S category, for providing grants, scholarships and sponsored admission to ITIs among others by amending the Rehabilitation and Resettlement Plan of the project.After granting approval to 'Atal school uniform scheme', aimed at providing two pairs of school uniform, one in April and another in October during each academic session to about nine lakh students in state-run institutions from class 1 to X, the cabinet decided to constitute a committee headed by Additional Chief Secretary (Forests) for its effective implementation and procurement of uniform by March 31 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11693161", "title": "MSRTC bans parking of private vehicles at bus terminus", "text": "PUNE: Officials of Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) on Monday said that parking and plying of private vehicles will not be allowed on the premises of the Swargate bus terminus.Swargate senior depot manager Vijaykumar Divte said, \"Various steps are being taken at Swargate bus terminus to streamline movement of buses and passengers. We will not allow parking of any private vehicle in the terminus. Vehicles will be allowed to enter from Satara Road only to drop passengers. Vehicles should exit immediately after dropping passengers.\"\"Vehicle owners can park their vehicles in the parking area near the Satara Road entrance, instead of parking illegally in the terminus outside the depot entrance and near platforms,\" said Divte.Even though MSRTC officials on Monday claimed that trespassing and parking of private vehicles was banned at Swargate, some vehicles were seen parked within the terminus. Some were even seen trespassing the terminus in the afternoon. However, later in evening the MSRTC deployed guards at both entrances to restrict entry of private vehicles.Divte said, \"We urge private vehicles not to enter the terminus. We have planned to deploy additional controllers at both entrances to monitor the situation. They will work in day shifts. If required, a similar plan will be executed for night hours as well. MSRTC employees are allowed to enter the terminus; however, they are expected to park their vehicles in the stipulated area in the bus depot. They are not allowed to park vehicles near the platforms.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11692423", "title": "State board tweaks Std XI &amp; XII syllabi again", "text": "NAGPUR: For the last couple of years, the Maharashtra State Education Board has been upgrading syllabi from Std IX onwards and bringing them at par with CBSE.The Std XI batch that enrolled in the 2011-12 academic session is studying the new syllabus. However, the state board has decided to make some more changes to both Std XI and XII syllabi.The new text books for Std XI will be printed by June, which means the current batch will miss out. However, students need not worry as it will not have any effect on the exams.When this batch progresses to Std XII the text books would already be based on changed syllabus.The changes have been made in line with the vision of Council of Boards of School Education (COBSE) to have a common curriculum throughout the country. COBSE is the all powerful organization where state education boards are members and is headed by the CBSE chairman.Following COBSE's guidelines, the state board has now added some topics as well as deleted some to ensure parity with other boards. Sameer Phale, professor at Ambedkar College, said, \"This syllabus is fully at par with that of CBSE and will help students prepare for the proposed National Entrance Cum Eligibility Test (NEET).\"Chandramani Borkar, board's Nagpur division chairman, feels upgrade was necessary. \"Ultimately our students have to compete at the national level when they appear for NEET. The syllabus has to be at par. Hence the decision has been taken to amend it. This was collective decision of various state boards,\" he said.The board has informed all colleges to go through the new syllabus that has been made public. All new topics in the syllabus have been marked in bold letters to help identify the changes. Some topics in new Std XII syllabus are already being taught in Std XI in CBSE.\"Regardless of the year in which the topics are taught, it is good that our students will at least learn those,\" said Phale.speakoutnagpur@timesgroup.comBOXAdmit cards for HSC exam from WednesdayState board's Nagpur divisional office will be dispatching the admit cards for HSC 2012 board exam on Tuesday to all colleges. The institutes can start distributing the same to students from Wednesday. Nagpur divisional chairman Chandramani Borkar said, \"We will decide on date for dispatching SSC admit cards in a couple of days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "murshidabad/burdwan", "code": "11692618", "title": "Crop debt takes 2 lives", "text": "MURSHIDABAD/BURDWAN: Farmer suicides continued to haunt Bengal with two more deaths being reported on Monday. While Nazib Sheikh of Murshidabad hung himself from a tree in Bagmara village, Kanchan Ruidas died at Burdwan Medical College Hospital after he had tried to commit suicide on January 26 at Paraj village in Galsi, Burdwan.Nazib Sheikh, 42, had four bighas of land where he used to grow paddy and jute. \"But the last monsoon was disastrous for him. Two and half bigha crops had gone under water. After the monsoon was over, there was nothing to recover. This was a very bad jolt for him,\" said Nazib's widow, Jelama Dewa. To add to his miseries, Nazib's daughters Morjina and Mumtaz became pregnant and came to his house for delivery. The victim, hence, took a loan of Rs 35,000. But, found it impossible to repay the loan. He had such financial constraint that his youngest daughter Sharifa had to discontinue her studies. Neck deep in debt, Nazib felt he had to option but to take his own life.While Jelama said that government help could have saved Nazib's life, Nabagram block development officer (BDO) Sudipto Chakraborty said, \"We have come to know of a farmer's death. But we heard that it was due to heart-failure.\"The rice bowl of Bengal has witnessed a series of farmer suicides.On January 26, Kanchan Ruidas hung himself from the ceiling of his room. His family members admitted him to Burdwan Medical College Hospital where he died at 7.30am on Monday.The victim's father Subol Ruidas said that Kanchan had been working as a middleman between farmers and rice mill owners since long. In order to withstand the cut throat competition in the market, he had taken huge loans to buy paddy from farmers but failed to repay it. He was, hence, suffering from depression which ultimately led him to commit suicide.His widow, a mother of two children, is seven months' pregnant.While Syed Haseem Raham, CPM zonal secretary of Galsi, said that Kanchan killed himself because of his debts, Trinamool leader of Paraj, Shyamal Kesh, however, refuted the allegations and claimedthat family feud led Kancahn to kill himself.Krishak Sabha leader Madan Ghosh said that after every farmer suicide, the state government and district administration have been claiming that the suicides were a result of either family feud or mental depression. He added that if there is some truth in the claim, then it is high time that the government starts taking help of psychiatrists and get the 'huge number of patients' treated. The Galsi BDO has started a probe.The farmer's suicide in Bengal continues unabated with another farmer from Murshidabad committing suicide by hanging himself from a mango-tree closed to his home in Bagmara village in Nabagram police station area. The debt-riddled farmer Nazib Sheikh was depressed after he found it near impossible to repay the debt.Nazib Sheikh, 42, had four bighas of land, where he used to grow paddy and jute. \"But the last monsoon was disasterous for him. Two and half bigha crops had gone under water. After the monsoon was over, there was nothing to recover. This was a very bad jolt for him,\" said Nazib's widow, Jelama Dewa.Ever since his heath started failing. He started speaking inconsistently. Worse, his two daughters - Morjina Bibi and Mumtaz Bibi - became preganant. Following the tradition, they came to parents' home fo delivering their babies. For this Nazib had to take loan worth Rs 35,000.His situation became so bad that his youngest daughter Sharifa Khatoon had to discontine her studies as it was difficult to buy her books. Jelema Dewa said, \"We have not got any assistance from the government. If we get the assistance, we could have saved him. It is now impossible for us to repay the loan\"However, Nabagram block development officer (BDO) Sudipto Chakraborty said, \"We have come to know of a farmer's death. But we heard that it wad due to heart-failure.\"Peeved at this comment, the villagers said that BDO was not telling the truth. Local school teacher Kadir Ali said, \"We know very well how poverty stricken they were. His failing health also made him depressed\"Burdwan: A paddy merchant who had tried committing suicide, died at Burdwan Medical College Hospital on Monday morning. Kanchan Ruidas, 32, a resident of Paraj village in Galsi had hung himself from the ceiling of his room on 26th January. His family members later admitted him to hospital, where he died at 7.30am on Monday.The victim's father Subol Ruidas told media persons that Kanchan had been working as a middleman between farmers and rice mill owners since long. In order to withstand the cut throat competition in the market, he had taken huge loans to buy paddy from farmers but failed to repay it. Due to this, he was suffering from depression which ultimately led him to committed suicide.His widow, already the mother of two kids, is seven months pregnant. Relatives and neighbours are finding it difficult to console her.Syed Haseem Raham, CPM zonal secretary of Galsi alleged that Kanchan committed suicide because he was unable to pay back the loans. Trinamool leader of Paraj, Shyamal Kesh, however, refuted the allegations and claimed that family feud led Kancahn to kill himself.Krishak Sabha leader Madan Ghosh said that after every farmer suicide, the state government and district administration have been claiming that the suicides were a result of either family feud or mental depression. He added that if there is some truth in the claim, then it is high time that the government starts taking help of psychiatrists and get the 'huge number of patients' treated. The Galsi BDO has started a probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11692812", "title": "Harvard prof for govt role in education", "text": "MUMBAI: \"I believe that countries where the population is in millions like India, there should be a government oversight of educational institutes,\" said Howard Gardner , the legendary professor of education at Harvard University , at a press meet at Taj Hotel here. Mumbai.Gardner, the father of multiple intelligences, is in India for a three-week trip to visit. schools, NGOs and public institutions.He also stressed on the fact that said education should be more individualized and pluralistic.\"In countries like India there should be more of public institutions and a government oversight of institutions is necessary,\" Gardner said. tnnWith the increase of private players in educational system everywhere in the world, Gardner said that government needs to think of how to make public education attractive, he said.Stressing on the fact that education should be made more pluralistic, he said, 'physics can be taught in many different ways. The belief that it can be taught from a particular textbook in a particular way is ridiculous. It is the limitation of the educators too'.He also said that India is going down the wrong path - it's all about getting into IITs and not about what kind of people you can be - India needs to learn from the mistakes of other countries and bypass them. According to him, Finland has the best education system in the world.His advice to educators in India, 'If a student is doing well, do not waste time on him/her. Multiple intelligences become important when a child has learning problems. Educators need to be good observers, set up learning centres with different materials, talk to parents, observe students with friends , watch as children navigate the classroom, if they are ritualistically repeating selves it is a danger sign.'According to Gardner, uniform assessment should be followed only for a difficult selection process like for the IITs and not otherwise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11692997", "title": "Two from city drown in Bhushi dam", "text": "PUNE: A 32-year-old man and a 22-year-old woman drowned in the reservoir of Bhushi dam in Lonavla on Monday afternoon.The Lonavla city police have identified the deceased as Deepak Potdar of Parvatigaon and his friend Bhagyashree Undale of Sahakarnagar. Potdar used to run a Marathi weekly and owned a book shop in Pune. Undale worked as a computer operator.Sub-inspector Gajanan Deshmukh said that Potdar, Undale and their two friends, Abhishek Ranade and Shraddha Pachunge, had gone to Lonavla for a picnic. \"Potdar, who knew how to swim, entered the water, while the other three were standing on the shore,\" Deshmukh said.He said that Undale lost her balance and fell in the water. Potdar swam towards her to rescue her. \"But she held on to him tightly, following which both drowned,\" Deshmukh said. \"Their friends attempted to rescue them by flinging dupattas towards them, but could not save them.\"Deshmukh said that Ranade and Pachunge alerted the local residents, who brought out the bodies of the duo after half an hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11692713", "title": "Gangsters held", "text": "Three notorious gangsters, Sandip Pramanik, Shankar Pike and Swapan Haldar, were arrested by Amdanga police on Sunday night. Two pipe guns and eight rounds of cartridges were seized from the trio. They were produced in Barasat court on Monday afternoon and remanded in police custody for seven days. Police are looking for others involved in the gang.Police said the three dreaded criminals identified as Sandip Pramanik, Shankar Pike and Swapan Haldar , the residents of Khardah are contract killers. Several murder cases were pending against them. Acting on a tip-off a police team raided a hide out at Pushdanga near Amdanga around 11.30 pm on Sunday and arrested them. They were remanded in police custody for seven days afterbeing produced in the Barasat court on Monday afternoon. \"We are also looking for others involved in the gang. The trio would be further interrogated in this connection,\" a senior police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11693366", "title": "Siruthuli to train kids in eco-activities", "text": "COIMBATORE: Vanitha Mohan, managing trustee of Siruthuli, a city-based green NGO, inaugurated Sittukaludan Siruthuli, a project to involve schools in environment preservation activities, at Kikani School in the city.A Balasubramaniyan, an associate professor at the department of tree breeding of the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University ( TNAU), said pollution and global warming are increasing at an enormous rate. \"Increasing pollution will not only raise the water levels subduing land, but will also create many new diseases. We must try hard to correct the situation,\" he saidVanitha said the project is aimed at inculcating an awareness of nature among children. \"Every Saturday, we will train 30 students from six different schools on environmental preservation. They will be taught how to take care of nature and how to pass on this knowledge to their schoolmates,\" she said. \"From planting trees to avoiding plastic, students will be encouraged to participate in many simple activities,\" she said.A model of the earth made with waste materials as a symbol of the polluted earth was handed over to the children. \"This was to show them that they were inheriting a polluted earth, and have a huge responsibility to make it clean,\" said Anu Valenteena, a member of Siruthuli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11686121", "title": "Starry night in Bangalore", "text": "It was like walking into a fairytale moment, complete with dreamy lamps swaying in the trees, butterfly motifs lighting up the lawns, a profusion of white flowers tumbling out of vases and the sweet mingling of expensive perfumes.Swati Gupta's wedding reception had all the elements of a girl's childhood fantasy, and later we realized that the setting had been carefully recreated to match Swati's love for lamps, butterflies and candles. As for the guests, it looked like the entire contingent of the city's A-listers had converged at the venue, resplendent in shimmering silks and fine diamonds.The guests had a choice: they could either lounge around the artfully arranged tables or stroll around the starlit lawn and mingle with the other invitees. Chic shades of black and white seemed to be the hot colours of the night as many of the lovely ladies in attendance had chosen cool shades of cream and pale pastel as their colour choices for the occasion. Soon, the aroma of fish fry and grilling kebabs on the open stoves had everyone making a beeline towards the food tents, and the buzz of animated conversation filled the air along with the soft crooning of singer Divyanki and her live band.Proud parents Sushil and Manjul made sure every guest was attended to, while Swati and Sidharta posed for the camera with just about everyone. \"This kind of unique moment will not happen again for our family for at least 25 years from now - maybe for my grandson,\" said Manjul wistfully as she watched her little girl in the distance, all grand and gorgeous in her bridal finery. And then the moment passed and she was surrounded again by a sea of guests who seemed to love every detail of the carefully choreographed evening and had to tell her so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11691597", "title": "SC clears the way for drinking water supply to Bhilwara", "text": "JAIPUR: The Supreme Court has allowed laying of underground water supply pipelines through the Chambal Ghariyal Sanctuary in Kota to provide drinking water to Bhilwara.The World Bank-aided project worth Rs 1,363 crore would supply water to Bhilwara city from the Chambal river in Kota and would require an underground pipeline through the national wildlife sanctuary for 16 km.The division bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Chandramauli Kumar Prasad granted the permission on the basis of the National Board of Wildlife's report and recommendations of the apex court's empowered committee. The division bench underlined the state government's commitment to grant 5% of the project cost to the Compensatory Afforestation and Management and Planning Authority (CAMPA) Fund for tree plantation in the sanctuary.Bhilwara is one of the worst affected districts in Rajasthan in terms of drinking water availability and surface water resources. During summers, the state government has to send water-trains to the district to meet the drinking water needs of the region.The World Bank project would now supply water from Kota's Jawahar Sagar dam on the Chambal river to Bhilwara's 1,686 villages and nine regions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11694303", "title": "Tribal council fails to agree on land law amendments", "text": "RANCHI: The tribal advisory council that met on Monday with chief minister Arjun Munda on the chair failed to reach a consensus on whether the Chhotanagpur Tenancy (CNT) Act and the Santhal Parganas Tenancy (SPT) Act be amended since most of the tribal bodies have objected to such a move.The council members expressed confidence that the government would create a general consensus in the society before introducing any changes. Discussing various issues related to tribal development and extension of welfare schemes in the scheduled areas, the members discussed various subjects. Munda said various constructive suggestions were obtained during the meeting on which the government would respond positively while implementing them.Council member Bandhu Tirkey said the high court order on implementation of the CNT and the SPT acts must be followed strictly. \"It is a constitutional provision and should have been implemented by the government without interference of the court, but since it was ignored the high court had to intervene and now efforts are being made to introduce changes,\" he said though admitting that some changes could be introduced to facilitate transfer of non-agricultural land.Tirkey said another provision under Section 46 of the CNT Act 1908 under which member of a Scheduled Tribe is allowed to sell or purchase land within the jurisdiction of same police station can be repealed to introduce a new provision extending the jurisdiction to the state's boundary. He said compensation provisions for sale of land which was introduced in 1970 needed to be revised in consonance with the existing rates. \"Tribal people often fail to obtain loan from banks because of restriction on sale-purchase of land and this issue must be addressed by the acts,\" he said.The council also discussed direct employment to members of primitive tribal groups. In 2009, the state cabinet decided to give direct employment to the primitive tribal group. Tirkey claimed that some changes were introduced to the cabinet resolution at the level of personnel secretary which was unacceptable. Demanding removal of the secretary, Tirkey said his decision to change the format of certificate issued to the Scheduled Tribe was also contested in the meeting.The members also discussed on area-specific programmes under the tribal sub-plan and for making provisions for extending benefits to members of tribal community on individual basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11693246", "title": "3 cops were moved out for 'botch-up'", "text": "Days after Adnan Patrawala was murdered, three policemen were transferred from the Oshiwara police station, where the teen's parents had filed a case, to the low-profile Local Arms division. It was claimed that the officers were reassigned because of the mishandling of the Patrawala case, though the police officially denied it then.Adnan's parents were first contacted on phone by their son's kidnappers on the morning of August 19, 2007, immediately after which they approached the Oshiwara police. The police advised the Patrawalas to negotiate with the abductors. In the meanwhile, though, the news of the kidnapping was leaked-reportedly by some policemen-to TV news channels, which promptly put it on air. The abductors, it is believed, panicked at watching the news and killed Adnan in a bid to get rid of the evidence. His body was recovered from a marsh near Palm Beach Road , Nerul, on August 20.Less than a week later, assistant police inspector Ashok Ratnaparikh, and sub inspectors Vilas More and Jameel Shaikh were transferred out of Oshiwara police station. Ratnaparikh and More were handling the Patrawala case. Yet, then deputy commissioner of police (Zone 9), Vinay Chaube, had insisted that the transfers were carried out on administrative grounds. Simultaneously, then Mumbai police commissioner D N Jadhav had promised that a probe he had set up would find out \"if any police officer had irresponsibly leaked information which resulted in Patrawala's killing\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "11694072", "title": "Golden jubilee fete starts at Manipal college", "text": "MANIPAL: The yearlong golden jubilee celebrations of Manipal College of Pharmaceutical Sciences (MCOPS), Manipal University, got underway recently. The day also marked college Annual Day. Earlier in the day, the 27th annual convention of Indian Pharmacy Graduates' Association (IPGA) was inaugurated. This convention is the first of several programmes lined up in the golden jubilee year.B Suresh, vice-chancellor of JSS University (Mysore), lauded MCOPS and MU for the growth of the institution since its inception in 1963.\"The college will have to continue to do better in the days to come, as there would be stiff competition from other institutions,\" Suresh said, adding that in order to stay ahead, there is a need to put in place a proper plan of action. He called upon the students and the faculty to strive to produce a Nobel Prize winner.Prizes for excellence in academics were given away to students on the occasion. Priya Kumari secured the prize for Best Outgoing Student. Sariki Anil Kumar of I MPharm was awarded the FDC Scholarship for 2010-11 for being the topper in final BPharm examination and continuing his post-graduate study at MCOPS.Neelam Suthar secured FDC scholarship for securing the top rank in I MPharm examination. She also bagged the Lupin Award.Good Teacher and Good Supporting Staff awards went to N Gopalan Kutty, professor of pharmacology, and Sripathi Kamath, technician, respectively. Eleven persons were conferred Distinguished Alumni Award. They are MCOPS alumni who have made it big in their career in India, abroad. MU chancellor Ramdas M Pai, spoke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11693252", "title": "'I am happy my child is free'", "text": "MUMBAI: Family members of the accused in the Adnan Patrawala murder case heaved a sigh of relief on Monday as the sessions court acquitted the four men.Drummer Ayush Bhat's 70-year-old maternal grandmother could not stop expressing her joy. \"I live in Nagpur but I have attended almost every court hearing. I am so happy that my child will be free now,\" she said while distributing sweets. After hugging his younger brother Yash repeatedly, Ayush Bhat expressed relief. When asked if he would seek compensation, he said, \"I have got my freedom and liberty. That's all that matters to me right now.\"Bhat said that his experience in jail has taught him a big lesson in life. A second year commerce student at the time of his arrest, Bhat aims to complete his graduation. \"I tried to finish it while in jail but couldn't do so. I also want to pursue music and compose songs,\" he said. \"Percussions\" was Bhat's favourite game in the gaming centre at Inorbit mall where he used to \"bump into\" the other accused and Adnan.Asked if he ever tried to get in touch with the Patrawala family to give them his side of the story, Bhat said, \"I wanted to talk to them but I was advised not to.\"Standing away from the emotional families was the oldest accused Sujit Nair. Nair said he has not got any visitors ever since the ordeal began. \"Nobody from my family has come to see me. My mother is 75 years old and my brothers are busy with their lives. Although I spoke to them over the phone, when allowed by the court, it has been my lone battle.\"Originally a native of Kerala, Nair said he had no reason to commit the crime. \"I was earning an average of Rs 65,000 per month and was not poor as everyone made me out to be.\" On asked if his experience in the city made him bitter, he said, \"Mumbai as a city has treated me well, but not the police here. We were tortured and forced to confess a crime we had not committed. Some seven attempts were made to kill us while we were in jail. We lived inside the jail in hostile conditions.\" Nair said that as soon as he is released from jail he is going to hop on a train and travel. \"I haven't seen anything in the last four and a half years. I just want to travel.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11693368", "title": "Pledge to eliminate 10 neglected tropical diseases by 2020", "text": "NEW DELHI: Neglected diseases like kalazar, filariasis, blinding trachoma, sleeping sickness and leprosy, which affect millions of Indians every year, have finally got the attention they deserve.In what is by far the largest coordinated effort to combat neglected tropical diseases (NTDs), 13 pharmaceutical companies along with the US, the UK and UAE governments, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the World Bank joined hands on Monday to eliminate or control 10 NTDs by 2020.The group announced that they would sustain or expand existing drug-donation programmes to meet demand through 2020, share expertise and compounds to accelerate research and development of new drugs and provide more than $785 million to support research and development efforts and also strengthen drug-distribution and implementation programmes.The Gates Foundation announced a five-year $363-million commitment to support NTD product and operational research. Companies have pledged to donate an average of 1.4 billion treatments each year.Bill Gates said, \"This innovative approach must serve as a model for solving other global development challenges and will help millions of people build self-sufficiency and overcome the need for aid.\"Two neglected diseases - dengue and cysticercosis - cost India nearly $45 million every year. Globally, NTDs affect one in six persons, many of them among the world's poorest. The programme aims to improve the lives of over 1.4 billion people worldwide and help them achieve self-sufficiency.\"These ancient diseases or NTDs are now being brought to their knees with stunning speed,\" said Dr Margaret Chan , Director-General of the WHO. \"With the boost to this momentum being made today, I am confident almost all of these diseases can be eliminated or controlled by the end of this decade.\"New commitments from partners will close the funding gap to eradicate Guinea worm disease and expedite progress toward the 2020 goals of elimination for lymphatic filariasis, blinding trachoma, sleeping sickness and leprosy, and control of soil-transmitted helminthes, schistosomiasis, river blindness, Chagas disease and visceral leishmaniasis.Speaking on behalf of the CEOs of the 13 pharmaceutical firms involved, Sir Andrew Witty, CEO of GlaxoSmithKline, said, \"Today, we pledge to work hand-in-hand to revolutionize the way we fight these diseases now and in the future.\"According to WHO's first-ever report on neglected diseases, these ailments kill an estimated 534,000 people each year. India has a huge disease burden of rabies, caused by dog bites. In India, 20,000 rabies deaths (that is about two deaths in 100,000 population) are estimated to occur annually. In Asia, 31,000 deaths are estimated to occur annually (1.2 deaths in 100,000 population).WHO identified 17 NTDs in 149 countries, and found that more than one-third of the 2.7 billion people, living on less than $2 a day, were affected.Sanofi will provide 120 million DEC tablets for the Global Lymphatic Filariasis Elimination programme. Bayer will double its existing donation of nifurtimox to treat Chagas disease. Eisai will extend its existing donation of 2.2 billion tablets of DEC for LF to 2020. GlaxoSmithKline will extend its existing donation of albendazole to treat soil-transmitted helminthes by providing 400 million tablets per year to 2020, Johnson &amp; Johnson will extend its existing donation of mebendazole for soil-transmitted helminthes by providing 200 million tablets per year to 2020.MSD will continue its unlimited donation of ivermectin to combat river blindness and lymphatic filariasis (where co-endemic with river blindness) as well as discuss the use of ivermectin to combat other diseases.Merck KGaA will significantly increase its annual donation of praziquantel tablets from 25 million to 250 million tablets per year, extending the programme indefinitely. Novartis will extend its commitment to provide multi-drug therapy (rifampicin, clofazimine and dapsone) to leprosy patients worldwide in a final push against the disease.Pfizer will continue its donation of azithromycin for blinding trachoma until at least 2020, as well as donate the drug and placebo to a study on the reduction in mortality of children treated with azithromycin.Sanofi will extend its existing donation of eflornithine, melarsoprol and pentamidine for sleeping sickness until 2020 as well as provide logistical support to ensure that the drugs continue to reach patients for free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11693421", "title": "Spiritual leader dead", "text": "Swami Govindanandji Maharaj, credited for compiling the original texts of the four Vedas into one book, 'Ved Bhagwan', passed away in the city on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11692643", "title": "MNS declares list of 54 candidates", "text": "NAGPUR: After completing a tedious selection process of written exam and interviews, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena announced its first list of 54 candidates for ensuing civic polls on February 16.The party, formed after Raj Thackeray quit Shiv Sena , made major inroads into Sena vote bank in Mumbai and Nashik. The party is now hoping that its leader's magic works in Nagpur too. In last polls, fledgling party could win two wards - Moreshwar alias Mama Dhote from ward 97 and Vikas Khobragade from ward 5.MNS offered candidature to sitting corporator Vikas Khobragade's wife Vishaya Khobragade from Kalamana prabhag (15B), as the seat is now reserved for a woman candidate. The other corporator Moreshwar Dhote was denied a ticket. Instead of Dhote, MNS decided to field Dhanraj Dhakate as its candidate from Wathoda (45B) prabhag.MNS hit the headlines last month by becoming the first political party to hold entrance examination for aspiring candidates. The test was based on basic knowledge related to working of NMC, its history and latest developments. Of several candidates who appeared, all those in first list of 54 candidates cleared exam and are workers of party, said Hemant Gadkari, regional coordinator, MNS.The second list will be announced on Tuesday by former MLC and general secretary of MNS Jaiprakash Bawiskar.Prominent MNS candidates figuring in first list are VNIT (54 A) Ajay Dhoke; Manewada (67 B) Dr Sudhir Aghav; Reshimbagh (48) Sanjay Barai and Meghna Mankar. tnn; Takli Sim Uddhav Khadse; Mhalgi Nagar Sahebrao Deshmukh; Naik Nagar Vilas Gaikwad and Airport Sachin Dhote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11691927", "title": "Minister for tough punishment for child traffickers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expressing concern over the two-year-old battered baby undergoing treatment in AIIMS, the Centre on Monday favoured stringent punishment against those involved in trafficking of children.Admitting that trafficking of girls was rampant nationwide, minister for women and child development Krishna Tirath said, \"Buying and selling of girl child is rampant across the country. This (case of two-year-old battered girl child) also seems like a similar case. Strong punishment should be given to whosoever the culprit will be so that common people will see what happens in such cases.\"The child, Falak, was brought to the hospital with severe head injury, both her arms broken, bite marks all over her body and her cheeks branded with hot iron.Tirath said the child's condition was critical and police as well as a team of National Commission for Protection of Child Rights ( NCPCR) were trying to find out who her mother was and why she had left the child.Tirath said her ministry was ready to help the girl but \"first we need to save the girl then we can keep her in a children's home and if somebody wants to adopt her, that is also possible\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11691815", "title": "Court acquits 4. So who killed Adnan Patrawala?", "text": "MUMBAI: Four-and-a-half years after the sensational murder of Lokhandwala teenager Adnan Patrawala, a sessions court on Monday freed four men accused of the brutal strangulation. Pronouncing the verdict at 1.30pm, judge S A Deshmukh acquitted Sujit Nair, now 33 years of age, Ayush Bhat, 23, Rajiv Dhariya, 28, and Amit Kaushal, 29.The judgment was pronounced in-camera without the media present. The entire judgment was not read out. Even the families of the accused were not allowed in court when the judgment was pronounced.Nair's defence lawyer Ashish Chavan, who was present in court during the pronouncement, said, \"The court has rubbished the conspiracy theories by the prosecution. With the chain of circumstances not being proved in court, the case has gone in favour of the defence.\"The prosecution had alleged that on the night of August 18 and on August 19, Nair, Bhat, Dhariya, Kaushal and a minor had kidnapped Adnan, the son of a Lokhandwala businessman. They drove off with him from Malad's Inorbit mall and allegedly strangled the teenager in Navi Mumbai after a plan to extort Rs 2 crore from his family as ransom went awry and the police got wind of the kidnapping. Patrawala's body was found near his car in the marsh by Palm Beach Road, Nerul, Navi Mumbai.The entire judgement, along with the reasons for the acquittals, will be available only after the judge releases the document. Special public prosecutor Ujwal Nikam was not present in court on Monday.Though Patrawala's parents were not in court on Monday, they were keenly involved in all aspects of the case. Patrawala's father Aslam said, \"We are in deep shock after hearing the judgment. Justice has been denied to us. It was a clear case for conviction, but I don't know what went wrong. After discussing the details with the special public prosecutor, we will decide our further course of action.\"Bhat, when asked for his reaction outside the court after his acquittal, told TOI, \"I am very relieved. It hasn't sunk in yet.\"During the trial, the prosecution examined about 25 witnesses, of whom one turned hostile. The case was largely based on circumstantial evidence, which the prosecution dubbed as \"strong\". According to the prosecution, two key witnesses were a man who had seen the victim in a drowsy condition in the company of the accused on the night of the kidnapping and another man who heard the conspiracy being hatched.The defence had argued that there were several lapses in the investigation. Chavan told TOI, \"The court rejected the witness's claim that he had heard the accused hatching the plan to kidnap Adnan in a shopping mall. The entire chain of circumstance is required to establish that the evidence is of believable and cogent nature, and this is lacking. The prosecution has failed to prove the case beyond a shadow of reasonable doubt.\" Chavan further stated that the court raised questions on the prosecution's claims about the recovery of the body.A fifth accused, who is a minor, is still to stand trial in a juvenile court for the murder that unfolded during a weekend in August 2007. The observations of the sessions court will be taken into consideration then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11694087", "title": "Double whammy for Cong on Duddhi seat", "text": "VARANASI: The Congress faced a severe jolt on Monday when the nomination of its candidate Vijay Singh Gaud from Duddhi (SC) assembly constituency in Sonbhadra district was rejected during scrutiny. The Congress was betting a lot on this reserved seat as its general secretary Rahul Gandhi had held his only public meeting in Sonbhadra district at Duddhi on January 21.Though the Gauds enjoy the status of a Scheduled Tribe (ST) In Sonbhadra and Mirzapur districts, they are counted in SC elsewhere in the state. Before the beginning of assembly poll process, Gaud managed to get a certificate of SC from Lucknow and on its basis, filed his nomination as a Congress candidate from Duddhi which is reserved for SCs.Contacted over phone, Gaud said he owned a home in Gomtinagar in Lucknow for the past seven years and had also got his name removed the from Sonbhadra voter list for induction in that of Lucknow Sadar. \"The SC certificate was also issued to me on the same address and I had mentioned the voter list of Lucknow Sadar with my nomination papers,\" Gaud told TOI.The Congress, it seems, was aware about the possibility of rejection of Gaud's nomination as it had also made Subhas Baiswar to file papers on Congress symbol. During the scrutiny, the local officials sought a clarification from Lucknow that made it clear that Gaud had secured the caste certificate by keeping them in dark. After this, returning officer of Duddhi (SC) constituency rejected the nomination form of Gaud.On the other hand, as Baiswar had filed his nomination after Gaud, he was termed as an Independent candidate for whom mentioning the name of 10 voters as proposers in nomination papers is a must. As he had mentioned the name of only one proposer while filing the nomination form as a national party candidate, his nomination was cancelled.Returning officer of Duddhi (SC) assembly constituency Triloki Nath said that the nomination papers of both the candidates were rejected.Gaud termed the development as a \"conspiracy.\" He said that a complaint was filed against him by C N Prasad, an Independent candidate, on January 28 and \"the manner in which the Lucknow administration gave its clarification, the entire issue smacks of a controversy\".Not only the Congress, but the BJP also received a jolt when the nomination of its candidate from Malhani constituency in Jaunpur, Pramod Yadav was rejected during scrutiny as he had submitted a faulty treasury challan. Also, instead of the original copy of the party's letter for symbol, he had attached its photocopy.The nomination papers of mafia dons, including Prem Prakash Singh alias Munna Bajrangi from Maniyahu assembly seat in Jaunpur and Brijesh Singh from Saiyyedraja seat in Chandauli district were found to be correct.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012  Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11694212", "title": "'Gandhi would have started another revolution'", "text": "BANGALORE: At 26, he was witness to India's most shocking assassination -- that of Mahatma Gandhi . As his personal secretary, he was standing just behind, almost a shadow. Sixty-three years after that fateful day, as V Kalyanam sat in the Bangalore University auditorium, listening to Gandhi's favourite bhajans, tears flowed down his cheeks -- the first time after his boss's death, he said.Kalyanam, 89, addressed students of Bangalore University at the Sarvodaya Day programme organized by the Centre for Gandhian Studies, BU and Indian Institute of Public Administration on Monday. He spoke of the days when Gandhi addressed him as 'ladka', when he used to type letters Gandhi dictated, travel with him in third class and wait in front of the toilet on busy days to speak to him.Kalyanam became Gandhi's personal secretary at 22, and worked with him from 1944 to 1948, the most eventful period of his life. \"He asked me how much I was expecting. I said Rs 250. Gandhi gaped and said, 'I can give you Rs 60'. But I never took anything from him,\" he said.January 30, 1948, is etched in his memory. \"The incident could have been prevented. A few days earlier, a bomb was found inside the compound. Patel, the then home minister, had said that everyone be searched before going in for Gandhi's prayer meetings. But Gandhi did not agree. 'Nobody is searched when they go to temples; even if you put 200 people around me, my life is in the hands of God', he had argued,\" he said.Kalyanam's views are as solid as his memories. \"We have a flawed democracy. People are after power and money. Gandhi wanted politicians to work for the people. If Gandhi were alive, he would have started a second revolution now.\"He spoke strongly about Kashmir, Pakistan and Nehru. \"Gandhi wanted Jinnah to be prime minister to avoid Partition. But Nehru was against it... Once at Mysore Palace, I heard S Radhakrishnan tell the Maharaja that Nehru was ruining the country... Patel, the then home minister, had told Nehru that we should drive out infiltrators in Kashmir. Nehru said we should go to the United Nations . After 63 years, we still don't have Kashmir,\" he said.Narrating his many stories, he didn't forget to leave a message for the awed GenY sitting in front of him. \"We want a new set of leaders. I want you to take interest in politics.\"THE EXHIBITSGandhi's blood test report by Irwin Hospital, DelhiA condolence telegram after the assassination from Gandhi's elder son, who was disowned by Gandhi as he was addicted to liquor. It read: \"Shocked, hearty condolences, Harilal\"Envelopes of letters sent to Gandhi. Most never had a proper address, and just read, 'Mahatma Gandhi, Delhi', but never failed to reach the recipient. Gandhi was addressed as 'His Highness', 'The Great', 'Lord' on the envelopesA cheque for Rs 35 dated January 20, 1948, issued by Gandhi in full settlement of a hand loan. Although Kalyanam had instructed the bank to encash it, he rushed back to the bank after Gandhi was shot and has preserved it. He's been offered Rs 1 crore for it(BU will digitize this archive and exhibit it at the Centre for Gandhian Studies)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "haldia/kolkata", "code": "11692749", "title": "Lakshman Seth named in Nandigram killings", "text": "HALDIA/KOLKATA: The CID on Monday submitted a chargesheet against former CPM MP Lakshman Seth and 87 other partymen in connection with a killing spree during CPM's attack to 'recapture' Nandigram in November 2007.This is a major blow to the CPM since another party strongman, Sushanta Ghosh, is in the dock for the murder of seven Trinamool Congress activists in Garbeta, West Midnapore. Leader of the Opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra said Seth and Ghosh have been framed. \"The party is behind them,\" he said.Many top CPM leaders of East Midnapore are indicted along with Seth in the alleged murder of six activists of the Bhumi Uchched Pratirodh Committee on November 7, 2007. The chargesheet, however, does not mention any police officer even though it details their lapses.The killings took place in the second phase of the Nandigram violence which started on November 6, 2007, with CPM cadres launching an attack from the Khejuri end. Abu Taher, convenor of BUPC, told TOI that they are happy that the \"killer CPM leaders would face trial\".The chargesheet has the eyewitness reports of 138 people, say sources. Among the top CPM leaders named are Asoke Guria, Asoke Bera, Himangshu Das, Bijoy Ray, Amiya Sahu, Prajapati Das, Rabiul Hussain, Sambhu Maiti, Satyaranjan Makar, Sk Rabiul. They have been named absconders. Of the 88 named, only 13 have been arrested.The alleged victims - Balaram Singha, Bhagirath Maiti, Satyendra Gole, Aditya Kumar Bera, Narayan Das and Subal Maji - went missing from a BUPC rally on November 7. The missing persons' wives filed a habeas corpus petition in high court in September last year. The court asked CID to trace the missing persons.In its preliminary report, CID informed the court that all six were murdered and their bodies dumped in Haldi river.Though the chargesheet highlights a series of police lapses, the officers have been spared. For example, the chargesheet mentions that two police camps on Tekkhali bridge - which divided the BUPC-controlled Nandigram from CPM-dominated Khejuri - were removed the day before the CPM assault. An EFR jawan was apparently hit by a bullet from the Khejuri end but instead of seeking reinforcements, the camp was abandoned.An armed onslaught was mounted from Khejuri the very next day targeting a 400-strong BUPC rally, from where several hundreds were abducted at gunpoint and forced to step into Khejuri. In a school there, they were lined up, forced to sign a declaration that they're joining CPM and if they refused they were shot at. The dead were later kept in the Janani brick kiln at Adhikaripara and later taken in an ambulance and dumped off the Haldi river. There, however, were two blatant mishaps in this. One Tapan Ghosh and Sukur Ali, the infamous Garbeta CPM duo, getting arrested trying to smuggle bodies through Egra and the other when the other bodies were being removed, the ambulance got stuck in a village fair, prompting many onlookers to get a glimpse of what lay inside and later testify to CID.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11694191", "title": "Digvijay overoptimistic about forming govt in UP?", "text": "VARANASI: Senior Congress leader and in-charge of Uttar Pradesh Digvijay Singh is confident that his party will be able to form government on its own in UP after the assembly elections. \"Today, we are in a position to claim that the Congress will form its government in the state,\" Singh said here on Monday. What prompted Singh to voice such strong confidence may be best known to him, but facts based on 2007 poll results clearly suggest that the Congress had failed to register even a single win in 59 assembly constituencies of 10 districts of the region.It was completely out of scene in 2007 assembly elections in the 10 districts, including Varanasi, Chandauli, Mirzapur, Sonbhadra, Bhadohi, Jaunpur, Azamgarh, Ghazipur, Mau and Ballia.The records indicate that the Congress not only performed very badly in these districts but also failed to touch two-digit of poll percent in 48 constituencies out of 57 from where it contested the elections. Its worst performance was in Ghosi constituency of Mau district where its candidate got only 0.84% of polled votes. The maximum poll percentage of Congress candidate (27.05) was recorded in the Varanasi South constituency of Varanasi district.The Varanasi South constituency was once a stronghold of the Congress that gave chief ministerial stalwart like Sampurnanand. In later course, it became a bastion of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), which has been representing the seat for the past six successive terms. The political journey of this seat showed that following three consecutive wins of the Congress in 1951, 1957 and 1962, the seat went to veteran Left leader Rustam Satin of the Communist Party of India (CPI) in 1967 election. It was the only victory of CPI, though it remained in fight in next two elections in 1969 and 1974.Sampurnanand of the Congress represented the seat twice in 1951 and 1957. The Bharatiya Jan Sangh (BJS) captured the seat for the two successive terms in 1969 and 1974. The saffron influence also continued in 1977 when Raj Bali Tiwari won the seat as a Janta Party (JNP) candidate. Again the Congress became victorious in two successive elections in 1980 and 1985. But, the Congress finally lost the seat to BJP in 1989.According to records, out of 59 seats in the 10 districts, the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) had won 36 seats in 2007. The Samajwadi Party (SP) captured the 16 seats while Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) could win only five seats. Since the state is going to hold first assembly election after delimitation, these districts will also witness new political equations with newly emerged constituencies in the coming assembly election.After delimitation, the Varanasi district has eight seats while it has six assembly constituencies till 2007 assembly election. Similarly, Mau district will have four seats with a new seat Madhuban while Ballia district will have seven seats after delimitation. Many new seats were created and old seats were merged with others in Jaunpur, Ghazipur, Azamgarh, Mirzapur and Sonbhadra districts.Despite the poor performance of the Congress in the past, Singh was confident about some magical turn in the 2012 assembly elections. He had his reasons too. \"We have done selection of candidates timely and they are working in their respective constituencies,\" he said. He added that for the first time the party was experimenting through booth level training of party workers for better performance.\"All sections of the society including youth, rural and urban populace want a change. And, there is an under current in favour of the Congress,\" he claimed, adding that the poll survey made in media never came true. Whatever be the expectation of Singh, it is the public mandate that will decide the fate of the Congress in 2012 elections. Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11692814", "title": "CERS intervenes in medical insurance logjam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Jyotsna Patel will be paid more than the assured sum of Rs 1 lakh by United India Insurance which had previously denied her claim after her husband Ambalal succumbed to a head injury.In a similar case, Himanshu Barot was also denied insurance money after the death of his wife Jagruti, who died of blood cancer , on frivolous grounds states Consumer Education and Research Society (CERS) which has now intervened in the insurance logjam between consumers, insurance companies, third party administrators (TPAs) and doctors.Recently, due to conflict between doctors, hospitals and insurance companies, the number consumers complaining against insurance companies have started increasing. \"To solve these cases, CERS has organized a national meet in February end. Representatives of insurance companies, TPAs, medical practitioners, representatives from hospitals and consumers will be part of this meet and we plan to come out with a comprehensive solution on these issues,\" said Shah.CERS intervention would help many consumers as the clash between medical fraternity and insurance companies causes patients to suffer.According to Ahmedabad Medical Association (AMA) officials - who are still fighting public sector insurance companies - insurance companies have come up with irrational denials and cost cutting on medical insurance amounts. The companies are offering a list of fixed costs in the MoU for Preferred Provider Network (PPN) on the pretext of streamlining the service for common policy holders.Only 92 hospitals entered the PPN network out of 1,200 hospitals in Ahmedabad. Out of it more than 40 have withdrawn in December 2011. Hospitals which sign the memorandum are categorized by insurance companies under A, B C and D grades. Hospitals under A grade are offered Rs 45,500 for coronary angiogram; hospitals under B grade are offered Rs 24,000; C grade hospitals Rs 21,000 while D grade hospitals are offered Rs16,000 for the same procedure.\"The criteria applied to grade the hospitals are not disclosed,\" said Dr Pragnesh Vachhrajani, joint-secretary of AMA.\"AMA has publicly appealed to the state's doctors and hospitals not to sign the recent PPN-TPA MoU due to lack of transparency and dictatorial norms, which violate rights of patients and medical practitioners, immediate past president,\" AMA's Dr Darbar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11693403", "title": "Rly blocks between 2 CR stations deferred", "text": "Blocks between Somatne and Apta station that were scheduled to take place from January 31 to February 10 have been deferred with no cancellation, regulation or rescheduling of trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11693496", "title": "Don't repair unauthorized structures: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Unauthorized constructions should not be repaired, said the Bombay High Court on Monday, while directing status quo regarding repairs undertaken of dilapidated structures at 5th Cross Lane, Falkland Road.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a petition filed by Shobha Koli who resides in building no. 9, stating that the building had collapsed in 2010 and the landlord had managed to get work orders from Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation for its repairs. The area, formerly known as Pandu Maharaj Chawl, is now run by a trust headed by Niyas Ahmed Peerzada. Koli's petition said it was Peerzada's unauthorized construction of two additional rooms on an attic that triggered the collapse. She said that after the collapse, all tenants were issued eviction orders, saying the remaining structures were dilapidated and may collapse any time.Her petition alleged that the BMC and its assistant municipal commissioner (D ward) colluded with Peerzada to give work orders to repair the dilapidated buildings, not only building no. 9, but also nos. 355/371. She also alleged that Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) and the Mumbai Buildings Repairs and Reconstruction Board are \"covering the illegality\" by putting forward proposals for repairs. Her advocate said that the unauthorized constructions have even blocked the house gullies, and ingress and outgress is prevented. Even BMC did not conduct a proper inquiry before issuing work orders, the advocate added.\"You are planning to authorize this?\" Justice Bobde asked Mhada advocate P G Lad. \"You don't have to repair unauthorized structures,\" he added. Lad said Mhada had merely given its no objection certificate for the repairs as it is a cessed building. \"If the contractor violates the conditions of repairs, it is the responsibility of the BMC to demolish it,\" he added. The judges have directed the BMC to file its affidavit to verify its position in respect to these structures. Adjourning the matter, they directed a \"status quo as regards status of structures\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11693300", "title": "Four-yr-old epileptic operated on", "text": "MUMBAI: Four-year-old Atharva Avhad was operated by doctors at Jaslok Hospital for epilepsy.Last Tuesday, Atharva underwent an eight-hour-long surgery, in which four parts of his brain had to be disconnected in order to cure him of what is known as intractable epilepsy.Dr Pareash Doshi, neurosurgeon who operated on Atharva said, \"The kind of epilepsy that this child suffered from required a specific procedure called hemispherotomy surgery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11692866", "title": "Entrance test for UoP's coaching classes on Feb 19", "text": "PUNE: The entrance test for the University of Pune's 11-month full-time coaching courses for the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) and the Maharashtra Public Service Commission (MPSC) exams has been scheduled for February 19. The last date to apply for these courses is February 15.The student intake for UPSC and MPSC coaching is 52 seats each. This includes 9 seats apiece for open category students and 20 each for scheduled caste, 10 each for scheduled tribe and 4 each for OBCs and minorities students.The courses will cover all components of general study subjects and selected optional subjects like history, political science, public administration and geography.The Competitive Exam Centre (CEC), which was established in 1970 at the UoP, has been providing effective support to youngsters who seek a career in civil services. The UPSC and MPSC exams are the prime routes for key jobs in central and state governments.A major thrust of the CEC is on providing support to students from those sections of the society that have lesser access to coaching and preparatory classes. As such, a major portion of the student intake is reserved for students from SC/ST, OBC and minority communities.SC/ST students are even given a monthly stipend of Rs 1,500, apart from free coaching, while those from the OBC and minority communities are given free coaching. Students from open category are charged a fee of Rs 15,000 for the entire course duration.In the last three years, a total of 160 students from the CEC have been successful in various competitive exams and have joined civil services. This includes not only the UPSC and MPSC but also banking, life insurance, water resources department and state intelligence exams.Students who wish to join the courses should contact the CEC at (020) 25601346 and 25690342. Details and the application form are also available on the UoP website: www.unipune.ac.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11692835", "title": "'Weak' witness statements couldn't nail accused in Adnan Patrawala Case", "text": "MUMBAI: With no eyewitnesses to the kidnap and murder, the prosecution in the Adnan Patrawala case relied heavily on circumstantial evidence. However, the defence argued against the evidence presented by two key witnesses and highlighted other discrepancies.At the time of making the final arguments in the case in November 2011, special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam said there was strong circumstantial evidence against the four accused. The prosecution examined a total of 25 witnesses, including Patrawala's father Aslam Patrawala, a Lokhandwala businessman, and his brother. The key witnesses were Dylan Dias and garment business owner Abdul Wahid Mohammed.However, the defence said the prosecution faltered because it had not proved the conspiracy. Proving it meant that the prosecution had to prove that the accused had got together before the crime, hatched the plot and then executed it.In this regard, the prosecution examined witness, mall visitor Dias, who allegedly overheard the accused at Inorbit Mall hatching a conspiracy to kidnap Adnan and demand ransom from his father. Dias said he had been accompanied by a friend.However the defence, during cross-examination, pointed to problems in Dias's testimony. Defence lawyer Ashish Chavan told the court, \"The entire story of the witness, about overhearing a conspiracy in a crowded place at noon to kidnap and murder Adnan, seems ex facie incredulous, unbelievable and illogical.\" Chavan further pointed out that the testimony of the friend of the witness was not examined.Another witness was used to fortify the prosecution's 'last seen together' theory , which means that the victim would have been last seen alive in the company of the accused. Mohammed told the court that on August 19, 2007 at about 6 p m, while he was traveling from Nhava Sheva back to his residence, he had stopped near Nerul, where he saw a Skoda car at a distance and four people lifting a person from the backseat of the car. When questioned, one of them told him that the boy was drunk. A few days later, Mohammed approached the police after seeing news reports about Adnan's murder at Palm Beach Road.However the defence, in its cross-examination, rubbished this claim. Chavan said that Mohammed gave minute and detailed descriptions of the accused, including their age groups, physical features and positions during the night in question. He added that these descriptions were only an improvement from the ones he initially gave the police. This showed that the witness was tutored. Chavan also argued that even after seeing such a suspicious act on the night of August 19, the witness did not divulge it immediately to anyone.The defence even argued in court that the date of recovery of Adnan's body, as stated by the prosecution, could be disputed. The defence also found problems in the records of calls presented by the prosecution to prove the presence of the accused at the mall on August 18. Even Adnan's father's statements about the ransom calls could not be corroborated with call records.THE LOOPHOLESWitness Dylan Dias heard the conspiracy being planned, said the prosecution. But the defence called the testimony 'incredulous, unbelievable and illogical'. Dias's friend, who was also present, was not examinedBusinessman Abdul Wahid Mohammed said he saw four people lift a fifth person out of the backseat of a Skoda on August 19, 2007 near Nerul. But the defence said Mohammed was tutored, which is why his descriptions improved with timeLEGALSPEAKIf the evidence is only of two persons, which also is not entirely proved, then the evidence is very weak in a murder case. In fact, at best, it raises suspicion but does not carry the case beyond suspicion. What is crucial and what is not clear is the relation between the accused and the victim. Was there a strong evidence of making a ransom demand? If there was, then the case would stand on a different footing. The IPC section 364-A was added in May 1993. It made a kidnapper who threatens death, or raises an apprehension of death, through a ransom demand liable to be punished by death.-- Shrikant Bhat, senior criminal counselThe court appears to have held that circumstantial evidence was not enough to prove the guilt of the accused and even if the court is morally convinced that the offence is committed by an accused, the court cannot convict on moral conviction with sufficient legal evidence. When direct is lacking then the circumstantial evidence has to be so strong that it has to point to the guilt of the accused. The state no doubt can appeal against the acquital.-- Rajendra Shirodkar, counsel", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11693073", "title": "Auto mows down 3-yr-old", "text": "CHENNAI: A three-year-old child playing in front of her house was killed in a road accident at Gerugambakkam near Porur on Sunday.Police said the victim, P Divyadarshini from Annai Indira Nagar in Gerugambakkam, had gone to a shop to buy some biscuits when a speeding load auto hit her from behind, killing her on the spot.On Sunday evening, Pandian, 30, employed at a pappad factory, came home and noticed his child playing in front of his house. The girl asked her father to buy some biscuits. Since the shop was just a few metres away from the house, he sent her alone to buy biscuits. Poonamallee traffic police have arrested the load auto driver Saravanan, 28, of Porur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11693317", "title": "Shiv Sena MLA complains of no security upgrade", "text": "THANE: A day after Shive Sena MLA Eknath Shinde complained of receiving threat calls, he said: \"I have been living under a shadow of threat.The home minister recently assured me of providing adequate security cover. To date, my security has not been upgraded. After I got threat calls on Sunday, the Thane police chief sent one constable for my protection.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11693324", "title": "IAF chief on Malaysia visit to bolster defence ties", "text": "NEW DELHI: In consonance with India's continuing 'Look East' policy, Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne left for Malaysia on Monday night to discuss bilateral defence cooperation, which since 2008 has included IAF training Malaysian pilots to fly Russian-origin Sukhoi fighters.During the four-day visit, ACM Browne will hold extensive talks on ways to further bolster bilateral military ties with Malaysian chief of defence forces General Tan Sri Dato Sri Zulkifeli bin Mohd Zin, and Royal Malaysian Air Force chief General Tan Sri Dato Sri Rodzali bin Daud at Kuala Lumpur.The IAF chief will also visit the Gong Kedak and Subang airbases to discuss professional exchanges, Sukhoi-30 training, maintenance and logistic issues. A team of IAF pilots and technicians were stationed in Malaysia for two years from 2008 onwards to train Malaysian pilots, weapon system operators and maintenance staff for the smooth induction and operation of their then newly acquired Sukhoi-30 MKM fighters. They also helped set up a 'Systems School' for the Sukhoi fighters at the Gong Kedak airbase.\"The strengthening of bilateral relations with Malaysia is indicative of India's efforts to seek closer ties with its neighbours in south-east Asia. The defence cooperation ranges from counter-terrorism and peace-keeping operations to training and maintenance of defence equipment. Indian naval warships, incidentally, have also been regularly visiting Malaysia to conduct joint exercises,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11694311", "title": "Baby undergoes second brain surgery, critical", "text": "NEW DELHI: Battling for life at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), the two-year-old battered and abandoned baby underwent brain surgery to remove fluids on Monday even as she developed respiratory problems , doctors said.The toddler was later put on a ventilator.Doctors said the baby's condition is very critical, adding that she has developed respiratory problems and may have to undergo another brain surgery. \"There was massive fluid accumulation in a portion of her brain which was putting pressure on other parts of the brain. It would have been fatal for her if we had not done the surgery promptly,\" said Dr Deepak Aggarwal, assistant professor , AIIMS Trauma Centre. Sources say that she might require further surgery if fluid continues to accumulate in her brain.Doctors say that a chest infection has only worsened her condition and doctors attending on her at the Intensive Care Unit said she had to be put back on ventilator this morning as she is having difficultly in breathing. \"There is infection in her chest and pain is recurring and she has severe head injuries as well,\" said a hospital source. The child was brought to the hospital on January 18.\"The first surgery was conducted for removal of a blood clot in the brain. It was conducted immediately after her admission here,\" Dr Aggarwal said.The fluid sample collected from her brain will be tested for any infection, he said.\"She was showing signs of improvement. The fact that she was off ventilator support for more than 72 hours had given us a ray of hope. But following the surgery on Monday, her chances of survival are bleak,\" said a senior doctor. Sources say that her condition has deteriorated very fast in the last 24 hours, thereby, narrowing her chances of survival.The child was brought to the hospital by a teenage girl who claimed to be her mother with severe head injuries, broken arms and bite marks all over her body. The baby's cheeks had been branded with a hot iron. \"Her head was badly smashed and there were fractures all over her body. The first thing we did was to remove the blood clots in her brain,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11693483", "title": "Is a serial killer on the prowl?", "text": "KOLKATA: Is there a serial killer in our midst, preying on schoolgirls? Investigation into the back-to-back murder of two girls, aged nine and 15, has revealed some telltale marks that indicate they may have been killed by the same person. Or at least that the murders are somehow connected.The decomposed bodies were dumped near the Park Circus railway station and Dhakuria Bridge - some 5km apart - on the night of January 24 and 25. None of them has been identified yet. What caught the investigators' attention is that the jute sacks in which the bodies had been stuffed were of the same make and bore the stamp of a Royd Street-based courier company. Both victims were in school uniforms.The detective department's homicide squad is investigating the Dhakuria incident and the Ballygunje GRP is probing the Park Circus murder. They are closely coordinating their investigation, realizing that there are too many common points to make it a coincidence.Key to the twin-pronged probe is the logo on the parcel bags - 'UPS' - and the legend 'United Parcel'. Even the inner stitches of the off-white bags appear to be identical, say sources.The other significant clue is that there is no apparent sign of sexual assault on both victims.The only difference is in the manner of the murder - the Park Circus girl died due to a head injury and the Dhakuria girl was strangled. Any internal wounds and haemorrhages, however, can only be known after police receive the autopsy report. Both the bodies appeared disfigured but that was attributed more due to decomposition, say sources.Another link, which leads investigators to suspect that it is the work of the same murderer, is the possible time of the deaths. The Park Circus victim was possibly murdered 12-14 hours before her body was found (early Tuesday morning), the Dhakuria victim was murdered nearly 36-hours before her body was spotted on Wednesday afternoon.\"The timing is very crucial for this indicates they could have been murdered around the same time. We have alerted all police stations to inform us of any missing person's complaints fitting the girls' age and description,\" a senior officer said.Joint commissioner of police, crime, Damayanti Sen said: \"The modus operandi and the probable time of death appear to be same. School uniforms were also found near both victims. The bodies are being preserved to enable DNA tests. The victims haven't been identified. The matter is under investigation.\"In the January 24 incident, the body was found dumped in front of the ticket booking counter on Platform No. 2 at Park Circus railway station. The bag lay unclaimed for a long time, triggering suspicion. The very next afternoon, the body of a young girl stuffed in a similar bag was found dumped beside a KMC vat under Dhakuria flyover. Though a red-and-blue checkered uniform with a school logo 'APS' was found alongside the Dhakuria victim, even this couldn't help police make any headway. A few witnesses claim to have seen the body being dumped from a taxi by an \"able-bodied man\".One coincidence too manyBoth of them are schoolgirlsThere was no sexual abuse in either caseThey were killed about the same timeTheir bodies were stuffed in identical parcel bagsBoth sacks had the logo 'UPS' and 'United Parcel'The inner stitching of the sacks is similar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11692711", "title": "Cops recover part of 9L loot from Rajasthan farm", "text": "MUMBAI: A household help, who had looted ornaments and foreign currency from his employer's residence at Kandivli (W), led the police to a farm in Rajasthan, where he had buried part of the booty. Officials recovered valuables worth Rs 5.78 lakh out of the Rs 9.4 lakh stolen.Dinesh Kalaswa alias Marwadi (35), now in police custody, was employed with Padmini Bhayani (71) for around three months. Bhayani resided on Mathuradas Road with her daughter, while her son is based in Dubai.Padmini along with her daughter left on a vacation in Dubai on December 21, 2011. The house was locked till their return on January 5. \"When Padmini returned, she called up Kalaswa, who had gone to Rajasthan, but he excused himself as a relative had \"passed away\". Whenever Padmini called up, Kalaswa would give excuses,\" a police official said.When Padmini found gold and silver ornaments and foreign currency missing she complained to the police on January 10. Last week, the police traced his cellphone to Mumbai and he admitted after questioning that he had buried the loot at a farm in Rajasthan. But the police recovered only part of the loot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11694341", "title": "\u2018Thak-thak' gang busted, four nabbed in south Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four members of a 'thak-thak gang' that targeted cars in upmarket localities like Hauz Khas and decamped with valuables have been arrested.The accused have been identified as Bhaskar (40), R Muggam (50), Rajesh (24) and Sunder Raj (49). They belong to Tiruchirapalli district in Tamil Nadu, said police sources.\"After receiving information that the accused would be coming to Malviya Nagar Metro station, a team that was formed under the supervision of inspector Aishvir Singh laid a trap and apprehended the gang members,\" said Chhaya Sharma, DCP, south.The gang functioned in two ways. Often, they broke open the windows of vehicles parked on the roadside and decamped with valuables . Sometimes, they distracted the attention of the driver by throwing Rs 10 or Rs 20 notes near the car's window. Then they knocked on the window to tell the driver that he had dropped his wallet or bank note near the car's tyre. As soon as the driver would step out to retrieve the money, gang members would make away with bags or laptops lying on the front seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11694352", "title": "Botched ASI facelift of Mughal mosque", "text": "NEW DELHI: The landmark Fatehpuri Masjid , built by one of Mughal emperor Shahjahan's wives, remains a picture of neglect despite Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) beginning restoration work here last November . Inhabitants of the Fatehpuri area in Chandni Chowk complain the ASI project has not made any visible improvement to the mosque in three months.Shahi Imam, Dr Mufti M Mukarram Ahmed, who has been with the masjid for the last 42 years, says, \"After erecting scaffoldings at the entrance in November, all that ASI has done is pull down a damaged minaret from the top of the structure. Stones and construction material piled on the road outside cause traffic problems. It is very discouraging to see that work has been done at the mosque only for five to six days.\"The mosque, a contemporary of Jama Masjid and Red Fort, is still visited at prayer times by hundreds of worshippers every day. However, it is not designated an ASI-protected monument and is the Wakf Board's property . Even the funding for the restoration work comes from Swami Vivekananda Trust in Kolkata. A top ASI official told TOI the Trust has allocated Rs 6 crore for conservation and upkeep of the mosque.While a lone ASI chowkidar guards the construction material, there are no labourers at the site. \"We offered all assistance to ASI when it started work, even offering space for the labourers to stay, and to store the construction material. We want the masjid to get a much needed facelift. But we have rarely seen any actual work take place,\" says Ahmed.The locals' disenchantment with the project is understandable. From the moment you alight before the faded, tilting sign announcing 'Masjid-e-Fatehpuri' amidst the clutter of shops and rickshaws, signs of decay greet you. While the mosque's single dome seems fine, its three standing minarets look shaky. The fourth has been dismantled. Single and double-storey apartments, many of them used as shops, surround the stonepaved courtyard.There are noticeable cracks in the arcade around the courtyard as well as the floor. The minarets are the worst affected and the ones facing Chandni Chowk have been reinforced with wires. The main prayer hall drips during the monsoon and remains damp the year round. Monkeys also damage a lot of the mediaeval carving.This decay is all the more shocking because Fatehpuri Masjid is counted among the most glorious Mughal mosques after Lahore's Badshahi Masjid and Delhi's Jama Masjid. Some historians consider it as important as Jama Masjid and Red Fort as all three were built in the same period.The mosque bears the name of Shahjahan's fourth wife Fatehpuri Begum, who built it in 1650 AD. It has been made using the same kind of stone that is found in Jama Masjid. The mosque's three impressive gates are always open to people and it can hold up to 20,000 worshippers during namaz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11692622", "title": "Minister confirms only one suicide", "text": "KOLKATA: State food services minister Jyotipriya Mullick on Monday said that suicide of only one farmer suicide had been confirmed till now.\"In cases of others who have committed suicide, the real reasons why they died are still being investigated,\" Mullick said, adding that if they died after taking loans for personal reasons, on taking huge loans for personal reasons, the government could not be held responsible.The minister held a meeting on food procurement at Writers' Buildings on Monday with chief secretary, agriculture secretary, food commission and the Food Corporation of India officers, saying that from now on, instead of once a month, the meetings would be held twice a month. Till now, food procurement meetings were held once every month.According to Mullick, the Centre offered Rs 2,440 crore subsidy on foodgrains, including Rs 840 crore on paddy, but that was not enough. Another Rs 1,000 crore was sought from the Centre as loan, but it was not yet available. Mullick said that the government had procured more paddy this year than was done around this time last year. The five government agencies had set their target at September 30 for procurement of paddy and he hoped the target could be fulfilled.The minister rued that it was difficult to keep the entire system going smoothly as there were only 1,018 rice mills in the state, which included 430 in Burdwan. In 175 blocks of the state, there were no rice mills\"Our target is to open 4,000 rice mills in the state and we are asking people to open such mills,\" Mullick said.In many places there were false names registered as farmers, he said. \"We want to go for doorstep delivery so that the system becomes completely transparent.\"Leader of opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra criticized the government for its inaction on farmer suicides. \"It is really unfortunate. Trinamool is acting as middlemen and purchasing rice from farmers.The state food minister does not even know the difference between paddy and rice. I will meet him on February 6 to discuss the issue,\" said Mishra at the 21st CPM district committee meeting in West Midnapore.at West Midnapore 21st CPM district committee meeting, press meet - Govt does ot know who are the farmers, it is unfortunate, those commiting suicide millionaires, food min doesn't know diff between paddy and riceTMC working as middlemen, February 6 - meet food minister", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11693266", "title": "Neighbours held for killing auto driver", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Monday arrested two persons for the murder of an autorickshaw driver, whose body was found on the roadside near his house in Kodungaiyur on January 20. The two were also neighbours of the victim. Another accused surrendered in a magistrate's court and was taken into police custody.Those held were identified as Paranthaman, 33, of Kodungaiyur, and his friends Saravanan, 34, and Anna, 42, who confessed that they murdered Muniasamy after he abused them in an inebriated condition. Police had registered a case based on a complaint from Muniasamy's daughter.Paranthaman had surrendered before a magistrate's court, and confessed that his associates were involved in the murder. Based on the confession, the other two were arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11694325", "title": "Soaring semester marks in DU: Teachers cry scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The high semester scores this season have triggered outrage among DU academia. While students are on cloud nine, the teachers are fuming. And the question doing the rounds is - Has DU gone too far to prove that the semester system is the best? Many teachers have gone to the extent of calling it a 'mammoth marks scam' and have shot off letters to the examination branch. The undergraduate results have also earned notorious epithets - highly unusual, academic corruption , please-all policy and outrageous scores.Letters of protest (copies of which are with TOI) indicate that moderation has been done across the board, instead of need-based distribution of grace marks. Faculty members SRCC, Miranda House and St Stephen's are now planning to file RTI applications to review answersheets . They claim marks were inflated after evaluation.Many teachers claim the DU administration resorted to irrational inflation of marks and has put a question mark on the credibility of results. \"This will devalue degrees . The scam happened at three levels. First, meetings were held in many departments to unofficially decide on a reduced syllabus. Second , question papers were diluted. And third, examiners were instructed to leniently give marks,\" said a faculty member of Miranda House, Abha D Habib. Terming this as academic corruption, associate professor of physics, Dyal Singh College, Naveen Gaur, said: \"Many teachers have checked more than 100 scripts per day even as the norm is a maximum of 35.\"In October, Gaur wrote to the DU administration and the physics department objecting to the proposal of setting an easy paper. Gaur along with Habib of Miranda House had protested against this proposal. \"I still feel the question paper has been easy,\" he said. Several teachers have submitted notes of dissent to the exam branch.Vijaya Venkataraman of the department Germanic and Romance studies said she was part of the moderation team for BA (honours). In a letter, she protested against granting of acrossthe-board grace marks. She felt this should be based on the need of the student for passing in individual papers . Fourteen history teachers who were examiners of course I and II, BA (honours) history, first semester also submitted a memorandum on \"dilution of academic standards\".\"The quantum leap in marks has no bearing on the actual standards observed during evaluation,\" said an examiner. Teachers are also claiming that marks in the result sheets are not reflecting the scores given by examiners.'Avinash Jha, a teacher of Sri Ram College of Commerce even made a public disclaimer on a social networking site. She said: \"Declaration - I have nothing to do with course structure, content, teaching, question paper and marking of answersheets of Economics Honours first semester. I am just scared that what would happen when semester reaches third year where I teach.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11692176", "title": "Govt acts tough with tendu contractors", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government may tendu collection rights to gram panchayats if tendu contractors fail to submit any tenders for the same. Over 400-450 tendu contractors from Vidarbha and neighbouring states like Chhattisgarh, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, and Andhra Pradesh on Monday boycotted the tender process of forest department to sell 463 tendu units in Gadchiroli, Chandrapur, Nagpur, Yavatmal, Amravati, Aurangabad, Dhule, Nashik and Thane.The contractors are opposing the condition that puts onus of forest fires in their units on the purchaser. \"If fire spreads beyond one hectare in a tendu unit that has been sold to the bidder/licensee in any auction, the said auction will be cancelled immediately and no compensation will be paid to the licencee. His earnest money deposit ( EMD) will also be forfeited,\" said Ramanuj Choudhary, additional principal chief conservator of forests ( APCCF) for NTFP, monitoring and evaluation.\"We are opposed to this condition. The tendu season overlaps with mahua flowers and forest fires are also caused by mahua collectors. We cannot be singled out for fires,\" said Jayeshkumar Patel, president of Gondia Beedi Leaves Contractors Association, who was leading the contractors at Van Bhavan where the tenders were being accepted on Monday. Tenders will also be accepted on February 6 and 9.On October 11, 2011, TOI was first to report quoting principal secretary (forests) Praveen Pardeshi that henceforth contractors will face the the music if forests bearing tendu units were set afire. Forest fires are often blamed on tendu collectors who value the tender leaves on new shoots that emerge on trees after a fire.Sources in government said plans were afoot to allot tendu units to village panchayats if contractors continued their boycott. However, Pardeshi said if a fire occurred in tendu units run by a panchayat, same rules would be applicable.He added the damage due to forest fires was huge and irreversible. \"It's the responsibility of contractors and stakeholders to protect forests if they are getting money from it. If they don't, there is no point. Tendu is not a life-saving product, we can do without it,\" he said.The flip side is though government would not lose if tendu leaves' auction does not take place, the local tribals would be deprived of income. The government distributes around Rs 150 crore to 5 lakh tendu collectors in the state as wages and bonus.Choudhary stated that last year the government distributed around Rs 70 crore towards wages and another Rs 75 crore towards bonus to tendu collectors. The senior official defended the policy. \"If contractors are making profits from tendu, why can't they take the responsibility of protecting forests,\" he asked. He added there was a plan to collect over 7.16 lakh standard bags this year from sale of 463 units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam/hyderabad", "code": "11692321", "title": "Jailed Pak terror suspect too \u2018pricey\u2019 for Vizag cops", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM/HYDERABAD: The Visakhapatnam police are in a bind over the mounting expenditure incurred on a Pakistani terrorist who has been in detention here from June 25, 2006. Mohammad Salim Junaid alias Istiaq alias Abu Sahib alias Junaid, who was arrested in 1998 on the charges of planning to bomb places of worship and smuggling RDX into India and sent to Cherlapally jail, was shifted to the Vizag detention camp five-and-a-half years ago.Since Junaid is a hardcore terrorist, eight cops, including an Armed Reserve SI, guard him round-the-clock. Sources said a modest estimate of the annual expenditure to keep Junaid in safe custody itself comes to about Rs 25 lakh.Sources said the city police commissioner has been sounding the top police brass for financial sanction in this case. \"But no money has been allotted till today and the city police are forced to bear the maintenance costs on their own to keep him in safe custody,\" a senior official said.Since all the cases against him in AP have been disposed of, he should have been deported to his native country of Pakistan but Junaid continues to languish here. The reason cited being that a case of subversive act is still pending against him in Uttarakhand. When the government of AP wanted to deport him to Pakistan, the case registered in Uttarakhand came to light. On the request of the authorities and the orders of chief secretary of the state, Junaid was sent to the Vizag detainee camp, which was opened on the first floor of Central Crime Station (CCS) building.Junaid, a native of Mohallah Mangnabi in Kala Gujran post in Jhelum district in Punjab province of Pakistan, entered India at a young age crossing the border at Kashmir. He settled in Hyderabad, got married to Maimona Khatoon of Mallepally and became father of two sons.Junaid was trained a Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorist in 1991. After infiltrating into India, he tried to set up a base in Delhi, Dehradun and Haridwar in 1997 to execute his plans but could not succeed. Later, he shifted his base to Hyderabad. He was picked up a month before the Ganesh idol immersion procession in Hyderabad in 1998.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "11694385", "title": "Survey shows bears in Bokaro forests", "text": "BOKARO: A recent survey of the forest department conducted jointly with the Wildlife Institute of India ( WII ) to assess the number of bears in the district, showed the forests and hilly terrain of Jhumra, Luggu and Hisim in Gomia and Kasmar blocks are not only havens of Maoists but also the happy hunting ground of bears.Divisional forest officer (DFO), Bokaro, K Manish Arvind, said though they did not know the exact size of the bear population, after inquiring from villagers, they found that there qwre bears in the forest areas of Jhumra and adjoining Luggu. Hisim situated bordering West Bengal also has a bear population.Arvind said the forest department was conducting a survey to chart out a National Bear Conservation Action Plan. The reports will be produced at the international conference to be organized in November in New Delhi. A team, led by Arvind, visited many areas and interacted with villagers to get information about bears. Jagdish Mahto, a resident of Hisim, said bears were often seen by villagers. A villager a week ago saw four bears and raised the alarm. Similarly, residents of Jhumra and Luggu also claimed to have spotted bears. They at the same time said they do not see as many bears as in the past.Arvind said preliminary investigation confirmed existence of bears in the forst areas of Gomia and Kasmar. \"In the district, the forest area is spread over 543 sq km.According to the survey, there are bears in 20% of the forest area.\" tnnThere are eight species of bears in the world, of which four are found in India. Here in the district only sloth bears are found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11692663", "title": "Consumer groups feel it's high time", "text": "MUMBAI: Consumer rights activists and commuter organizations have welcomed the state government's decision to expedite installation of e-meters in autorickshaws.Consumer groups had been at the forefront of the struggle to get e-meters in city autos and things started moving after awareness campaigns by organizations such as India Against Corruption (IAC).\"It is high time we have e-meters in all autos and taxis in the Mumbai metropolitan region,\" said activist Shirish Deshpande. \"Mechanical meters have not been calibrated since 1973 and most are rigged to fleece passengers. They must be replaced by electronic gadgets, which are passenger-friendly and display actual fares and distances travelled.\"He disagreed with auto unions' claims that e-meters can be tampered with. \"The new e-meter has no inbuilt defects and will display an error message if one tries to fiddle with it.\" Besides, they will always display the actual distance travelled. If the figures are inflated (rigged) on screen, the auto driver can be caught on-the-spot, he stated.He demanded that the new e-meters should be recalibrated according to the metric system. \"We must do away with the one-mile system (1.6 km for minimum distance) and have a base fare for one km. Subsequent fares should be calculated for every additional 100 metres. It will bring down the minimum fare in Mumbai from Rs 11 to Rs 8, and will save us a lot of money,\" he stated.Preeti Sharma Menon of the IAC, which launched a drive against meter-tampering and refusals last November, said, \"E-meters will be of immense help to passengers. We will not have to refer to a tariff card and the actual fare will be displayed on screen. It is high time we switch to a modern electronic system of computing fares.\"Consumer rights activist Sunil Mone said, \"A survey must be conducted among passengers. I am sure most will prefer e-meters. We want the old, dusty, mechanical meters to be replaced with the new gadgets.\"Commuter rights activist G R Vora also favoured e-meters. \"I have been opposing errant auto-drivers for a year and was involved with Team Anna's drive against unscrupulous automen. Most meter-rigging takes place in existing mechanical devices. Now that the transport department has assured us that it will be difficult to tamper with the new e-meters, complaints of meter-rigging will reduce once they are introduced in all autos.\"A senior Regional Transport Office official said taxis with electronic meters have rarely been caught for tampering. \"Most case booked have been with mechanical meters being rigged,\" he said.Taxi union leader A L Quadros said, \"The e-meters have been a success in over 20,000 taxis in Mumbai. Though we have been critical of the transport department on various issues, we never got a reason to oppose them on e-meters. Auto unions must cooperate with transport officials in installing the new gadgets this year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11693861", "title": "Cold war between DM and SP reached flashpoint during January 26 meeting", "text": "LUCKNOW: Reports trickling in from Basti now reveal that the commissioner-SP spat was just a flashpoint. In the genesis of the IAS-IPS tug-of-war was a cold war between Sidharthnagar DM Chaitra V and SP Mohit Gupta. The January 26 heated exchange between commissioner Alok Srivastava and Gupta was just an immediate provocation.Perhaps it was this very reason that after the Uttar Pradesh Indian Police Services Officers Association ( UPIPSOA) took up the issue with the government demanding a written apology from the commissioner for his conduct with the young IPS officer that the state government transferred Chaitra V as well along with Gupta. Sources privy to the ground realities of the IAS-IPS spat told TOI that the DM and the SP have been at loggerheads for quite sometime and the two hardly talked to each other directly despite being the two top most authorities of the district. All the communication between them was limited to exchange of official correspondence.\"It all began after SP Mohit Gupta ordered transfer of a few police station in-charges, replacing them with other officers at some of the police stations in Sidharthnagar. As per the practice, the SP office issued the transfer posting orders and dispatched a copy to the DM office for information sake,\" said the source. Things began to turn ugly when the DM took strong exception to the orders of the SP \"without her prior approval\". As a result, the DM not only cancelled the orders issued by the SP but went ahead to announce that no police officer would be posted as the police station in-charge unless and until he is interviewed by her to decide if he was capable of shouldering the responsibility.In the backdrop of this cold war is believed to be an ego clash between the Gupta and another IAS officer who is Chaitra's batchmate. Allegations are that it was because of this very reason that the she never had a good opinion about Gupta.On January 23, the commissioner pulled up the SP for being unable to finalize the force deployment chart at the polling stations in time and dissolved the meeting halfway through, asking the SP to ensure that the pendency was cleared before the next meeting which was slotted for January 26.It was this very meeting where the situation turned explosive. Expectedly he asked Gupta about the reason for the missing chart and the latter replied that he had already completed his bit and submitted the chart with the DM for final approval two days ago. The DM in turn, however, maintained that the chart reached her barely a few minutes before the meeting was scheduled to start. Finding himself in a tight spot, the SP reportedly tried to reassert his claim that the delay was not on his part. This not only irked the DM but the commissioner as well. As a result, the commissioner angrily asked the SP if he was trying to say that the DM was lying and in the process allegedly used foul language.When the SP objected to the use of 'unparliamentarily language', things went out of control and the senior IAS directed the SP to \"get out\" of the meeting hall. Eye-witnesses say, when the other IPS officers present at the meeting tried to intervene, they were told to mind their own business. Though repeated efforts were made to contact IAS officer Anurag Srivastava, his fellow IAS Chaitra V and SP Mohit Gupta for their side of the story, but to no avail. Calls made to the office of DM Panchsheel Nagar - where Chaitra V is presently posted and that of SP Farrukkhabad - the present posting of Mohit Gupta, failed to yield results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11691590", "title": "CBI continues cross-checking before final chargesheet in Bhanwari case", "text": "JODHPUR: Ahead of filing its final chargesheet in the Bhanwari case, the CBI continues to summon witnesses and suspects for cross-checking and verification of the statements recorded besides interrogating those in custody and stepping up its search for Indra Bishnoi.Almost all, who were summoned for interrogation on Monday were close to Malkhan Singh Bishnoi and included Choga Ram Bishnoi (Tilwasni sarpanch), Babu Lal Bishnoi (brother of Sohan Lal Bishnoi), Mahendra Bishnoi (son of Malkhan Singh Bishnoi), Gop Singh Barna (sarpanch and friend of Parasram Bishnoi, pradhan of Bilara Kusum Bishnoi and Mangi Lal (a relative of Malkhan). Kusum was taken to the Jodhpur office of CBI late in the evening.CBI spokesperson Dharini Mishra said that there was no fresh arrest in the case as the focus is entirely on nabbing Indra Bishnoi.Besides, working president and bureau chief of Hindi daily Rajasthan Kesri - Swadesh Bhushan and Satya Pareek - were also summoned by the CBI on Monday for related news carried in the newspaper on July 24 and 25 last year. Earlier, the CBI has also interrogated representatives of ETV.On the other hand, the CBI custody of Pukh Raj and Dinesh Bishnoi along with Reshma Ram Bishnoi was extended by the court on Monday. They were produced in the court, after their remand expired on Monday. Both Pukh Raj and Dinesh had been taken to Jodhpur Central Jail on Saturday and Sunday to confront them with Sohanlal, Sahiram, Shahabuddin and Amarchand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11693092", "title": "Ancient fossil on display", "text": "CHENNAI: A rare ammonite fossil remained locked away for decades in the in the storeroom of the Government Museum at Egmore. It had never been on show, somehow slipping past museum officials as they trawled through their collection of unusual specimens to select their display of the week.On Monday, when the fossil was placed on show for the first time, it quickly became the museum's show-stealer, with visitors gathering around to get a glimpse of the prehistoric creature.Estimated to be around 400 million years old, the 2-foot-long fossil, was found in Ariyalur near Trichy a few decades ago, museum officials said.\"It is one of our museum's rarest possessions,\" said museum commissioner, SS Jawahar.Ammonites are cephalopods, a class of marine animals that include squids and octopuses, that first appeared in the seas 415 million years ago. They are believed to have descended from straight-shelled cephalopods called bacrites.During the evolution of ammonites, three catastrophic events occurred. The first, the Permian-Triassic extinction around 250 million years ago, left only 10% of these animals alive. They went on to flourish throughout the Triassic period, but at the end of this period (206 million years ago) another mass extinction wiped out all but one species of ammonites. They then thrived, and new species developed, from the Jurassic period until the end of the Cretaceous period when all species of ammonites became extinct.\"Due to their rapid evolution and wide spread distribution, they are an excellent tool for indexing and dating rocks,\" said museum geology curator Thulasi Brinda.Ammonites were initially tiny, less than 1mm in diameter, and were vulnerable to predators. The animals, which fed on plankton, gradually grew larger and developed a strong protective outer shell. Females evolved to be 400% larger than males because they needed a larger shell for egg production. Most ammonites only lived for two years. Some lived longer, becoming very large. A partial fossil specimen found in Germany had a shell diameter of 1.95 metres or 6.4 ft. The fossil will be displayed for a week till February 5", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11692289", "title": "NCP announces list for polls", "text": "Yavatmal: The district unit of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) announced its final list of candidates for zilla parishad and panchayat samitis in Yavatmal district which go to polls on February 7. District unit president Pravin Deshmukh declared the names on Monday evening.According to the list, NCP has tied up with splinter groups of RPI and a few seats for ZP and PS were given to them. In some places, RPI candidates having allegiance to NCP will contest the election either on NCP symbol or an independent symbol. The Yavatmal zilla parishad has 62 seats while 16 panchayat samitis have 124 seats and the NCP-RPI factions would contest all seats. The names of two candidates for the ZP circle of Hivra and Mahagaon of Mahagaon tehsil will be announced later as an election petition is pending before the court.\"Our main plank will be development of the district and its remote villages,\" MLC Sandeep Bajoria said. Asked why the party had sidelined loyal party workers and promoted newcomers, Bajoria said that the finalization of the names was done by the party's parliamentary board and the elective merit of the candidate was given the top priority while granting tickets.\"Our main fight is with the Congress which ruled Yavatmal zilla parishad for the last 50 years without any development worth mentioning,\" Bajoria said, adding that this time the NCP-RPI alliance would bag at least 45 seats in the 62 member ZP house. Bajoria categorically declared that there would no alliance with Congress before or after the elections and declared that his party would prefer to sit on the opposition if it could not reach the required number of 33 in the zilla parishad.Regarding possibility of rebels in the fray, Deshmukh said that it could not be predicted at this juncture and added that they would meet any such eventuality at the actual election process.At the end of the press conference, Kranti Dhote, elder daughter of Vijaytai Dhote who is the district president of Congress women's wing, announced that she was joining NCP with some supporters.Kranti said the move was in protest against the MPCC President Manikrao Thakre and his local cronies. \"No self-respecting worker in the Congress would not get justice under the leadership of Thakre who is a self centered political leader,\" she said, adding that she would campaign for NCP against her mother's party candidates.Another highlight of the press meet was that the outgoing leader in the ZP Pravin Deshmukh criticized Congress leaders for 'lying' about the much hyped Vision Document and said that there was no such documentation and presentation in the ZP till date.The local leadership even misguided chief minister Prithviraj Chavan in this regard, he alleged.Bajoria also criticized MLA Nilesh Parvekar. \"The bhoomipujan of Lohara water supply scheme was arranged post haste merely to prevent me from taking the credit of it,\" Bajoria said, further alleging that Parvekar had remarked: \"Who wants to implement the water supply scheme for Lohara?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11693904", "title": "Gujaratis Sahayak Sanstha celebrates golden jubilee", "text": "KOCHI: The Gujarati Road at Mattancherry is really croweded these days. How wouldn't it be, with around 600 Gujaratis thronging the venue for the golden jubilee year celebrations of Sri Gujarati Sahayak Sanstha.The annual function being organized by the organization is a reason for the 4,000-strong Gujarati community in the city to come together and celebrate. The eight-day celebrations titled `Prerna'12' are being organized for the past 50 years.\"Though we are a community based at Mattancherry, there are many Gujaratis from all around the city who come to know about us and come for the festivities,\" he said. Gully cricket is a hot favourite among Gujarati children. \"Limited space and unlimited fun is what gully cricket is,\" says Pranav an excited twelve-year-old of the Kotticha family. With programmes like mom and kid cricket and Parivar Milan or the family fashion show on February 4, the community celebrations' emphasize is on family closeness.\"The whole point of the celebration is to feel and celebrate being one big family.\" said Ullas M Ved, convener of the samastha. ``The creative and sports talent of the community is best seen in these events,'' he said.The members of the samaj have been invited to take part in the dinner on Saturday between 7 and 9 pm.The venues are Shri Ram Mandir Hall and Hathi Talav Ground at Mattancherry. The Sri Gujarati Sahayak Sanstha was formed in 1960 with the aim to help the needy and downtrodden families of the Gujarati community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11693194", "title": "Sale of forms rakes in Rs 7 lakh", "text": "PUNE: The election office has collected over Rs 7 lakh till Monday by selling nomination forms for Pune Municipal corporation elections. The deadline to sell and submit forms is Tuesday.\"A fee of Rs 100 was charged per form. There was no discount for any candidate, as it is given in the election deposit,\" said Pravin Ashtikar, election officer for PMC. \"We have sold over 7,130 forms since January 24 and collected Rs 7.13 lakh,\" he added.Forms can be purchased till 2 pm and submitted by 3 pm on Tuesday. On Monday alone, 994 forms were sold in 14 ward offices fetching Rs 99,400. Warje area sold 96 forms, the highest, while Sahakarnagar area sold 28, the lowest.As many as 859 forms were submitted on Monday. Since the start of submission, nearly 1,066 candidates submitted their forms. Candidates have to submit the deposit amount along with the forms. Open category candidates have to pay Rs 5,000, while women candidates and reserved category candidates have been given a 50 % discount and have to pay Rs 2,500.Some sitting and former corporators who filled the nomination on Monday include Shashikala Mengde, Shivram Mengade, Shyam Deshpande, Ujwal Keskar, Kiran Bartakke, Deepak Mankar, Shrikant Patil, Arun Dhimdhime, Congress city unit president Abhay Chhajed, leader of opposition Aba Bagul and Prasanna Jagtap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11694085", "title": "Now, automatic water meter devices in city", "text": "MANGALORE: After going online to provide water connections to consumers and issuing smart cards to select consumers, the water supply department of Mangalore City Corporation (MCC) has now set its eyes on fixing automatic meter reading (AMR) devices to connections under commercial and non-domestic categories. The civic body is planning to float an e-tender for AMR devices to cover around 5,500 connections in the aforesaid categories of consumers during the week.Premanand Shetty, chairperson of town planning and development standing committee, told TOI here on Monday that MCC has already approved a resolution to this effect in the general meeting of the council.\"The corporation earns a major chunk of water revenue from the above category of consumers,\" Shetty said, adding that the civic body will take up a drive to cover domestic consumers after the completion of AMR project.K S Linge Gowda, assistant executive engineer (water supply department) said MCC had studied the tender floated by Bangalore Jalamandali for AMR devices. Stating that rate for each meter in Jalamandali's tender was on the higher side, Gowda said this document has been provided to civic body's consultant for comparison. \"We expect the cost to come down as per our consultant's idea of competitive-bidding process,\" he said.The advantage of going in for AMR devices, according to Shetty, is that it will give MCC a correct fix on exact quantity of water consumed by users under commercial and non-domestic categories. \"Since they contribute a major share of the water revenue, we have decided to elicit experts' opinion before floating the tender,\" Shetty said.Once this venture is successful, we will shift our focus to users under domestic category, he noted.Gowda said a Germany company, which has installed this kind of devices in Mumbai, has invited them for a live demonstration of their product. \"The devices are capable of reading meters in 100-metre radius. The data generated is uploaded on to MCC servers and bills are generated and SMS alerts sent to consumers,\" he said, adding that the meter readers need not go in person to read meters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11693017", "title": "Businessman sustains serious burns as car catches fire", "text": "PUNE: A 39-year-old businessman from Dapodi sustained 70% burns after his car caught fire while in motion on Fergusson College road around 7.30 am on Monday.Commotion prevailed as the burning car hit another car parked along the road. The parked car also caught fire, which resulted in some damage at its rear end.The businessman, Kailash Gupta, of Kundannagar near Dapodi, was unable to unlock his seat belt and get out of the burning car. Passersby and some shop-owners on the road had to break the windscreen of the car to pull him out. They also attempted to put out the fire with empty sacks taken from a nearby vendor.The police took Gupta to a nearby private hospital. He was later shifted to the intensive care unit of Surya Hospital. \"The reason behind the fire is still not known. We are investigating,\" said senior inspector Manohar Joshi of the Deccan Gymkhana police station.Fire officer Rajesh Jagtap told TOI that the blaze had engulfed Gupta's car when his personnel reached the spot. \"We put out the fire within a few minutes,\" he said.Shripad Chinchankar, the owner of the parked car which was damaged, said he was approaching his vehicle when he saw the burning car hit it. \"The man driving the car was trying to exit but could not unlock his seat belt. Passersby and a nearby florist somehow managed to pull him out. They removed his clothes, which were ablaze, and padded him with sack cloth. The police took him to hospital,\" he said.Chinchankar said the rear portion of his car was damaged in the fire and his tyres were burnt.Gupta would go to the University of Pune for his morning walk every alternate day, his brother Rakesh told TOI. \"After the walk, he would drive to a restaurant on Fergusson College road for coffee. Kailash told me at the hospital that as he was nearing the restaurant, he heard the sound of a spark from the front portion of the car. The car suddenly caught fire,\" he said.Rakesh said Kailash was critical. \"The doors of his car got automatically locked after the fire broke out. People had to break the windscreen of the car and cut the seat belt to pull him out. Kailash suffered serious burns on his legs, stomach and back,\" he said.Rakesh said his brother had purchased the car barely a year back. \"He had got it serviced on January 15. We do not know how the car caught fire while in motion,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11691705", "title": "Education officials get notice for not filing FIR over scholarship scam", "text": "AJMER: The directorate of secondary education, Bikaner on Monday issued a show cause notice to education officials, the principal and nodal incharge of government senior secondary school, Topdara for not obeying its directive to lodge an FIR in the unearthing of Rs 10 lakh scam related to scholarships of ST/SC girl students.The notice received in the district office on Monday stated that the audit of the department found irregularities in the distribution of scholarships and the directorate had asked them to file an FIR in the matter. However, there was a delay in this regard.Principal Deep Chand Mundra has been accused of irregularities to the tune of Rs 97,000 when he was in-charge of the withdrawal amount before 2000. The notice also stated \"why action be not taken against the officials for not following the orders of headquarters.\"\"The delay was made just because principal Mundra is going to retire on January 31, and if the FIR was lodged, there would be trouble for him in getting the benefits after retirement,\" said an official.As the scam was unearthed, there were lot of pressure from the different organizations blaming the department for delaying investigation in the case. \"That was the money of poor girls who have to spend on their education. The criminals should be punished,\" said Ramesh Bansal, secretary of Dalit Help Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11692207", "title": "Agneepath song case deferred till Feb 6", "text": "NAGPUR: The battle over \"Oh Saiyan\" song in Karan Johar's Agneepath has been deferred till February 6 after the mediator appointed by Nagpur District and Sessions Court conducted a marathon introductory session for both parties.The celebrated music composer duo of Ajay-Atul was present on Monday during the hearing before mediator Sumant Deopujari. Both of them refused to comment. While Ajay directed the queries to his counsel, Atul flatly refused to say anything.The row erupted when city-based engineer Aditya Salankar accused producer Karan Johar and his Mumbai-based firm Dharma Productions of lifting his song for their remake of Agneepath. He claimed that song titled \"Oh Saiyan\" sung by Roop Kumar Rathod in the movie was a copy of a song penned and sung by him. Last Monday, third district and additional session judge PV Ganediwala restrained the defendants including Johar and Sony Music, from screening of the song and also selling its compact disc or hold performance.During subsequent hearing, the court provided respite by ordering that only last three lines of the song be retained in the film while rest had to wait court order. The judge asked defendants including director Karan Malhotra, Amitabh Bhattacharya, and Sony Music besides Johar and Ajay-Atul to collectively deposit Rs 25 lakh in the court. Sony Music was told to furnish details of the sales of the music CDs.Salankar's counsel Sharad Bhattad informed that the defendants hadn't deposited the money despite court's order. None of the defendants' counsel could be reached for the comments. Deopujari, a lawyer, conducted introductory session of both parties at the mediation centre in High Court premises. He listened to their arguments. Sources stated that the both sides refused to strike a deal and a long legal battle appears to be in offing.The case has generated lot of excitement as Agneepath is a big banner film and already evoked massive response with a whopping Rs 25 crore collections on very first day of release. Another song from the film \"Chikni Chameli\" that has Katrina Kaif performing is a national hit.Salankar had stated that he had incurred an expenditure of over Rs 15 lakh so far on making of music and videos for his song and demanded Rs 2 lakh in form of damages. He had even issued notices to the defendants when he came to know about it from his friends in Mumbai but failed to receive any reply except an acknowledgement that prompted him to move the judiciary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11693848", "title": "6D grabs Kochi by the collar", "text": "KOCHI: The Elton John style 3D glasses were back on everybody's nasal bridges. But the experience went beyond mere illusion of depth as viewers at the launch of a 6D Experience Studio at the Abad Nucleus Mall in Kochi found out.The new 24-seat theater at the mall combines 3D movies with environmental elements like rain, wind and odour neatly synchronised with chair movement. Would this send 3D packing? \"Wait and see,\" says Dr Najeeb, director of ABAD Group, with a wink.While the technology allows a wider field of vision helping the viewer explore the contours of objects in detail, the experience was that of watching an embryo still in evolution. \"6D is a wider visual offering. It mixes synchronized effects with the depth of a 3D scene you are watching on screen,\" Najeeb said.The 3D glasses are still nineteen-eighty-fourishly polaroid, rather useless as sunglasses, but pack a punch when the viewer sees a gargoyle bending over to spit poison at him. Or, a roller-coaster ride on a torridly rocking seat through what looks like a section of the Western Australian boondocks down a rail track which twists and turns inside tunnels and over scorching geysers, finally tipping the viewer into a canyon full of lava.The danger of too much authenticity here would disturb the balance between entertainment , excitement and the terror inflicted. Expectedly, no blood will be spattered on you when the bad guy smashes your brains in with a jackhammer. Add to this mix a thorough shakeup (or, more of a shakedown) on one's seat throughout the 15-minute show and the audience will be out-screaming the creepie-crawlies on screen. \"A combination of seat movements through a vent-based system adds to the authenticity. 6D integrates sight, sound, smell and feeling into the system,\" Najeeb said.\"We are future-proofing the studio to accommodate longer films. For now, animation is what makes 6D come alive,\" said ABAD Builders chairman Riaz Ahmed. He did not reveal investments in the venture, though investments in a single 6D studio could equal the money spent on two 150-seat multiplexes. Tickets are priced at Rs 150-Rs 180 per seat as an inaugural offer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11693399", "title": "No sharing of power if voted in, says Imran", "text": "KOLKATA: Pakistani cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan feels it is a much bigger problem for India to deal with corruption than other countries due to coalition politics.\"When a coalition government is in power, it is not easy for the Prime Minister to clamp down on corruption. There are various pressures at play,\" Imran said at a session, Captaining a Nation, at the Kolkata Literary Meet on Monday.Imran, who is the founder of the political party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf ( Movement for Justice) and is pegged to pose a stiff challenge to leading parties Pakistan People's Party and Pakistan Muslim League in next year's elections, said that was precisely the reason he was against entering into political alliances.\"When I started talking about corruption 15 years ago, people could not understand how it is linked to poverty. If you look at the transparency list, it becomes simple. The countries that are most corrupt are also the most impoverished. Those that have greater degree of transparency are most prosperous. People have now understood this and have become fed up of corruption and begun a movement. That a third party has come up in a bipolar political field is due to the movement. I believe we will lose only if we make wrong alliances or select wrong candidates,\" Imran said.He, though, is against street movements that do not embrace the political process. \"If anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare were to form a party, he would be far more effective. Unless there is political will, no amount of legislation will help cleanse the system. I firmly believe if a minister is not corrupt, bureaucrats won't dare to be so. Pakistan needs a conflict of interest law whereby politicians can't run businesses when in power; independent accountability commission where everyone will be answerable and mandatory declaration of assets for those contesting elections,\" he said.On terrorism, Imran said the West was barking up the wrong tree by targeting Islam. \"Moderate Islam is not the solution to problems. We need to address the root cause which lies in politics. As for fundamentalism, it should be confronted with intellect and not with guns,\" he said.Incidentally, Imran was one of the rare voices in Pakistan's elite who kept saying no to Pakistan joining George Bush Jr's War On Terror. \"It has radicalised Pakistan, polarised its people. Around 40,000 people are dead or maimed, 4 million have been displaced, the country is poorer by $70 billion,\" he pointed out.If voted to power, Imran said he would promote better relations with India as that was in the best interest of Pakistan. \"Imagine what we can become if we are friendly neighbours and not hostile ones. The people of both countries want to be friends. It is the corrupt elite who don't want the status quo to change,\" he said.While maintaining that he would not allow Pakistan soil to be used for terror activities against any country, he said real peace can be achieved only when the Kashmir issue is resolved. \"For that, one needs strong leaderships in India and Pakistan - leaders who are able to take risks and the have the courage to take tough decisions because they think that it will be good for the country and the region in the long term,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11692378", "title": "Massive traffic jam on MG Road", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Three major streets of the city including Medical college crossing and Hanuman temple crossing road, Hanuman temple crossing and Hindu hostel crossing road and Mahatma Gandhi road on Monday witnessed massive jams with thousands of commuters including school children remained trapped for more than one and half hours.In fact, deployment of inadequate traffic police personnel including one traffic police sub-inspector and four home-guards have unquestionably compounded the woes of the commuters.Even patients heading towards SRN and Medical College from civil lines to Medical college crossing were also affected as traffic police were not able to streamline traffic. Traffic police said that due to digging of sewage line on Mahatma Gandhi road, the commuting was restricted to one lane (road) and commuters on both sides were using same lane resulting into frequent traffic mess.Traffic inspector IP Singh , meanwhile, pointed that duties of additional traffic police constables and home-guards have been assigned at all important crossings and intersections and cops have been asked to regulate traffic at busy areas.He added that due to digging of roads, the traffic is moving in slow pace in many areas.More or less, commuters and traffic cops are loggerheads over the issue of frequent jams and they even exchanging verbal dual at public places. Meanwhile, with a view to check reckless driving on city roads as well as highways, traffic police department on Monday continued their drive to catch speed limit violators and traffic cops equipped with special radar cameras have challaned over 130 violators at different spots.A team of traffic sub-inspectors, constables and home-guards spotted over 130 violators violating the speed limit norms black mirrors and they were penalised on spot. Traffic inspector, Indrapal Singh told TOI that the need for radars has been long felt as the police were unable to officially book offenders on account of violating speed limits on city roads.Traffic awareness for schoolkids: To create awareness about accidents on unmanned crossings among children, a drawing and painting competition was organized in which schoolchildren participated. The painting and drawing competition related to safety at railway crossings was organized in two groups. In the first group, students from class third to sixth participated while in the second group, students from class seventh to tenth participated. The winners of the competition were given awards at a function organized under the presidentship of Sudha Joshi, president of NCRWWO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11691683", "title": "Multi-storey underground parking at Ramlila ground gets rolling", "text": "JAIPUR: The entry and exit of vehicles at the multi-storey underground parking at Ramlila ground is proposed from the Ramniwas Bagh by interconnecting both parking spaces of the two areas.\"To reduce traffic problems and utilise space, suggestion has been made to interconnect both the parking and allow entry and exit of vehicles from Ramniwas Bagh,\" Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) director (town planning) N K Khare said.The town planning cell has sent a proposal in this regard to the project cell of JDA with the suggestion. If the suggestion is accepted, JDA will not have to construct slip lanes and ramp for vehicles at the Ramlila ground end. For pedestrians, a different entrance to the parking has been proposed.The Ramlila parking project has recently hit a roadblock as the area is it situated near the heritage wall and in a similar case recently, the high court had asked for use of government land as facility area such as parks.However, a JDA official said, \"We have reexamined the project considering the high court decision and a facility area can be constructed. As it will be an underground parking, the activities at Ramlila ground will continue and the heritage wall will not be tampered.\" The high court had made a decision not to use land up to 30 feet near heritage walls as facility areas.Now, JDA will soon start the procedure to appoint a consultant for the project. The project was recently taken from the jurisdiction of Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) and given to JDA by urban development minister Shanti Dhariwal. After the decision, the JMC has also transferred all relevant paper to JDA.The project was proposed in 2010 under the jurisdiction of JMC. However, the company that was awarded the work did not begin the project despite several reminders. The project crashed as JMC canceled the tender. It was a proposal to construct a 2,000-vehicle capacity underground parking at the Ramlila ground.An official said the company, which JMC had earlier awarded the tender, denied taking possession of the parking land as contractors have been demanding that Ramlila ground should be declared as a no-parking zone. The demand is aimed at ensuring that the contractors gain monopoly in these areas and can thus charge more money from parking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11693296", "title": "Women rights activists slam Mulayam for job offer to rape victims", "text": "NEW DELHI: Women's rights activists have slammed Samajwadi party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's offer to give government jobs to educated rape victims, calling it objectionable and discriminatory. The National Commission for Women (NCW) has called it an ``insult\" to women, and asked the Election Commission to take a serious view on the statement. Singh has since retracted his comments, saying he had spoken about providing justice to victims and not government jobs.NCW chairperson Mamta Sharma expressed ``grief\" at the statement, saying that its purpose was to lure the public to cast vote in favour of the party. ``This is totally against the moral code of conduct and the Election Commission is requested to take a serious view of such occurrences in view of the election in Uttar Pradesh,\" she said. The EC has been asked to take appropriate action since it was a question of the ``dignity of women\" in UP.Sharma added that it was an insult to women and will ``encourage\" crimes against women.AIDWA's Sudha Sundaraman objected to the statement, saying it trivialized the trauma faced by rape victims. ``For the trauma to be made part of an election promise is objectionable. There must be a comprehensive, gender-sensitive assistance. Large sections of victims are from under-privileged section, one-third are minors, they too deserve to be rehabilitated,\" she said.Anhad's Shabnam Hashmi said it was reprehensible that rape was being used a poll gimmick. ``The most important thing is that people should be punished and victims of rape should get justice. Any kind of rehabilitation should be for everyone,\" she said.Addressing a poll rally in Siddharth Nagar on Sunday, Mulayam had announced that rape victims would be given government jobs if his party was voted to power in Uttar Pradesh. \"The incidents of rape will be checked effectively and government jobs will be given to rape victims or one of their family members in the state,\" he had said.Opposition parties had sharply reacted to Mulayam's announcement terming it as \"laughable\" and a \"cruel joke\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11693142", "title": "Eleven boys escape from juvenile home at Kasimedu", "text": "CHENNAI: At least 11 boys escaped from a juvenile home at Kasimedu on Sunday night.The incident came to light during the prayer on Monday morning when the 11, aged between 10 and 18, were found missing.When the home incharge checked the dormitory, he found that the children were missing. Police said they may have escaped through the ventilator.Based on the complaint of the home superintendent, Kasimedu police have registered a case and have launched a hunt.Police sources said the boys, of north Indian origin, were confined in the same dormitory and they didn't like the food supplied to them as most of the dishes were south-Indian varieties.The lack of proper security at the home also aided the boys in their escape, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11693495", "title": "Honeymoon can wait, voting can't", "text": "Ask some of the newlyweds what their first love was on Monday, the day Punjab went to polls and their reply, translated earlier into action, was voting.No wonder you had a newly-married couple, Swarandeep Singh, 24, a businessman and his wife Gurpreet Kaur, 20, a student, landing up at a polling booth in Ludhiana bright and early on Monday despite the fact they got married just a day before.And mind you, Swarandeep and Gurpreet found it an exciting moment in their life. Of course their wish was, \"We hope that candidate we voted for wins and works selflessly for the welfare of people of our area. We fulfiled our duty, now it is the time of the politicians to fulfil their promises\".Mohan Singh, a groom from Baura village of Nabha constituency, was a step ahead. Having donned his wedding attire, he did not rush for the wedding spot, but first visited the polling booth, cast his vote and then proceeded to where his future awaited. \"I feel it was my moral and most important duty to use my vote to shape the future of my state,\" said Singh.Of course Nishi from Bathinda takes the cake when it comes to putting voting ahead of everything else. After all she made her in-laws wait before she landed up home after tying the nuptial knot on Monday with Jatinderpal Singh of Dhuri. She landed up at the polling booth in her bridal finery, cast her vote and then left for her in-laws' home in Jivi Nagar with her husband. Nishi's brother Sukhraj Singh said she had already told her in-laws about her keen desire to vote and then proceed home, which they allowed.Amanchain Kaur, 20, who got married on January 23 to a youth from Faridkot, put on hold her plans for an outstation trip, as she and her husband did not want to waste their vote. \"I especially returned to my parents' house in Kotli Ablu village in Gidderbaha, to vote. Our family members suggested that we skip the voting but we were against it,\" Kaur told TOI.(Inputs from Harpreet Makkar in Ludhiana, Parvesh Sharma from Nabha, Mukesh Tandon from Bathinda and Alkesh Sharma from Gidderbaha)Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11692548", "title": "Pledging keeps AP tycoons afloat", "text": "HYDERABAD: If the global meltdown of 2008 played a crucial role in forcing Ramalinga Raju's hand and blowing the Satyam scam wide open in January 2009, the ongoing slowdown is threatening to expose the weak fundamentals of several listed Hyderabad-based companies.Already the fortunes of many companies based out of Hyderabad or promoted by Andhra Pradesh-based business barons have taken such a beating that over the past few quarters their promoters have been forced to increasingly mortgage or pledge their stakeholding with banks and financial institutions (FIs) to raise money to keep afloat.Surprisingly, the list of companies where promoters have been steadily pledging their stake in recent times include some prominent A-category Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) listed companies like PV Ramprasad Reddy and Nithyanada Reddy promoted Aurobindo Pharma , GM Rao's GMR Infrastructure as well as politician L Rajagopal's Lanco Infratech.This list also includes several B-category BSE-listed players like logistics company Gati Ltd promoted by Mahendra Agarwal, Gayatri Projects promoted by politician T Subbirami Reddy's family, Mic Electronics promoted by V Rao Maganti and in which Venkateswara Rao Daggubati and D Purandeswari are investors as well as Krebs Biochemicals in which Ranbaxy and Dr Reddy's Laboratories chairman K Anji Reddy and DRL managing director Satish Reddy are also investors, among others.In some instances, like Gati and politician Y S Chowdhry promoted Sujana group companies, banks and FIs had even started invoking their pledged shares to make good the losses during the October-December 2011 quarter. According to estimates, over 120 Hyderabad-based companies are listed on the bourses.In fact, a recent Crisil Research report on promoter pledging too had voiced concern over promoters of nearly one third of the 1,214 listed companies in India with market capitalization of over Rs 100 crore pledging a portion of their shareholding. Not surprisingly, this study contained the names of several Hyderabad-based companies like ICSA India, Andhra Cements , Gayatri Projects, GSS Infotech, Gati Ltd, Sanghi Industries , Viceroy Hotels that had over 80% promoter equity pledged.Putting down the high volatility in the capital markets in 2011 to high domestic inflation, rising interest rates and tepid global economic environment, the Crisil report, based on data up to November 2011, had pointed out that promoters who had pledged a chunk of their stake run the risk of losing control over their companies and expose investors to higher share price volatility if they fail to meet payment schedules or provide additional collaterals to banks and FIs.In fact, analysts point out that the woes of Hyderabad-based companies stem from a combination of high debt, falling share prices and over-ambitious promoters and with the dark clouds of the economic crisis not looking like clearing up anytime soon, highly pledged promoters and companies may be in for big trouble this year.\"Companies saddled with huge debts at high interest rates are feeling the heat especially as banks and financial institutions are turning cautious on lending money due to the current economic situation,\" explains independent consultant VS Vasudevan.However, industry insiders point out how many Hyderabadbased promoters had over-leveraged their balance sheets and showed huge market capitalization so that they could raise more money from private equity investors, banks and even pledge their shares at higher prices. In most cases these promoters had successfully safeguarded their personal wealth.\"While some promoters pledged their stake to grow the business which is alright, there were others who raised money during the boom to play the markets or invest in realty or use the funds for other investments, but their strategy to either raise huge debt or pledge shares at higher prices has backfired due to the downturn and volatile markets,\" points out an analyst who tracks Hyderabad-based companies.The falling share prices during the current fiscal forced promoters, who had pledged their stake, to top up their margins and when they failed to do so banks and financial institutions started selling off their shares to make good their losses, resulting in a major variation in promoter holding in last 2-3 quarters in some companies, analysts explain.Adds investment consultant Hem Kumar: \"Companies where substantial promoter equity is pledged and financial performance has decreased dramatically in the last couple of quarters will be the first ones to get hit and may find it extremely difficult to survive the downturn unless they are able to make a substantial improvement in performance.\"\"Though pledging of promoter stake is a routine activity in sectors that require a constant flow of funds such as infrastructure or in events like acquisitions where pledging of shares acts as a form of bridge financing, investors have to be cautious where the promoter pledging is done in stocks and sectors where there is no ostensible end use of such funds,\" cautions P Phani Sekhar, fund manager-portfolio management services, Angel Broking.And while the Satyam scam may have forced market regulator Sebi to make it mandatory for promoter to disclose their pledged stakeholding, Hem Kumar feels it's time Sebi made these disclosure norms more stringent and also made it mandatory for companies to declare the status of debt so that investors and shareholders can better protect themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "11693902", "title": "Raut to contest Bicholim even if NCP not in fray", "text": "BICHOLIM: Former Bicholim MLA and present NCP vice-president, Pandurang Raut, on Monday said he will be in the assembly election fray for the Bicholim seat.\"I want to work again for the development of Bicholim constituency. Irrespective of whether the seat goes to NCP or not (following the seat-sharing with alliance partner Congress), I will contest the elections in Bicholim,\" Raut told mediapersons.He said he had joined the NCP at the behest of party supremo Sharad Pawar and also with the intention of contesting the elections to develop the constituency.He said his decision to contest from Bicholim was cemented when villagers urged him to contest.Raut said his plans for the constituency like a Ravindra Bhavan, a sports complex, giant statue of Shivaji, an agriculture college, joggers' park, parking, and pollution-free industries, besides other projects, were already finalized by him during his earliertenure.\"But these could not be completed as my term ended,\" said Raut who has represented Bicholim in governments in the 90s.Slamming the Congress, he said people have lost faith in the party on account of the various scams it is associated with.He claimed that the NCP had decided to contest 25 assembly seats independently, but the plan was changed in view of the seat-sharing with alliance partner Congress.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11693113", "title": "Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University to revert to new exam rules", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University will from August 2012 once again make it mandatory for medical and dental students to get a minimum of 50% in each paper to clear the examination, vice-chancellor Dr Mayil Vahanan Natarajan said here on Monday.The university received a communication from Dental Council of India secretary Dr SK Ojha saying the DCI's executive committee in its meeting decided that the eligibility criteria and exam rules framed by the council were the bare minimum and that a state government or affiliating university was free to prescribe higher standards.The university officials said the Medical Council of India had already conveyed a similar message though an affidavit filed in the Madras high court.The university first brought the new examination rules in August 2011 when more than 40% of first year medical students failed to clear their examination.There was a furore on campuses and student staged protests. After they moved court and petitioned chief minister J Jayalalithaa, the university was forced to revise its decision.The court ordered the university to follow MCI guidelines. The number of first year students who passed the exam rose to 84%, but university officials weren't convinced with the exam and evaluation patterns.\"Communications from DCI and MCI establishes the supremacy of the university in establishing higher standards in syllabus, curriculum, teaching, training and examination. This is a victory for the medical university. All the faculty and students have to abide by our new regulations,\" he said.The university has promised to have two teachers evaluate each paper. The highest score will be considered as the final mark. If there is a huge difference between the two evaluations, a third faculty will be called in, he said.The university officials said the Medical Council of India had already conveyed a similar message though an affidavit filed in the Madras high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11692852", "title": "Know your candidates through audio clips", "text": "MUMBAI: Hear them out before deciding whom to vote for.In an initiative aimed at helping Mumbaikars get a clearer idea of candidates contesting from their respective wards and make an informed choice on February 16, a group of organizations has come together to provide an audio clip service for voters.The agencies behind the service are mumbaivotes.com, Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR), Action for Good Governance and Networking in India (AGNI) and Praja.All you have to do is dial 022-30454300 and listen to the three-minute audio clips, in which the candidates speak about themselves and their manifestos. While the service has already started, all the details will be available after February 3.There is also a toll-free number, 1800110440, which voters can call up to obtain information on candidates.On February 3, these organizations will distribute leaflets-which will include comparative analysis of candidates based on their affidavits-in housing societies. On mumbaivotes.com, there will also be three-minute videos of candidates with their speeches and manifestos.Based on affidavits filed in 2007, AGNI and ADR have compiled information on political parties on parameters such as education, assets, criminal record and whether the candidates are PAN card holders.It was found that of the 232 sitting corporators, 76 had cleared SSC and only 39 were graduates.The average quantum of assets of BJP candidates was the highest at Rs 96 lakh, followed by the Congress at Rs 81 lakh and NCP at Rs 58 lakh. Besides, 70 of the 232 corporators had not submitted their PAN details when the affidavits were filed five years ago.There was a silver lining, though, as only 10% of the candidates had criminal cases pending against them, according to the 2007 affidavits.Party Average Assets (In Rs lakh) Criminal Cases PAN details not given GraduatesSERIOUS PENDING CRIMINAL CASESShiv Sena 33 15 2575Congress 81 4 25 171BJP 96 1 79-NCP 58 1 21-Independents 31 2 221PartyAverage AssetsCriminal Cases PAN not givenShiv SenaRs 33 lakhs52 25CongressRs 81 lakhs8 25BJPRs 96 lakhs3 7NCPRs 58 lakhs1 2IndependentRs 31 lakhs 4 2", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11692921", "title": "Plan for medical units on e-way after every 25 km", "text": "MUMBAI: Stirred into action by the recent spate of accidents on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway, the apex body of transporters in India has proposed to set up emergency medical facilities, with doctors on call, at a distance of every 25 km on the highway.\"We have drafted the plan, which we will submit to the state government soon,\" said Bal Malkit Singh, president of All-India Motor Transport Congress. According to him, their aim was to tie up with the government and help it set up emergency trauma centres on the accident-prone expressway, which lacks any system to tackle medical emergencies.\"There should be four such centres on the 93-km long expressway. If accident victims can get medical assistance at these centres, instead of being taken to hospitals that are usually quite far away, they will have more chances of being saved. These centres, with doctors on call, should have proper medical equipment and ambulances ready to pick up victims,\" Singh said, adding similar units should come up on other \"killer\" stretches as well, such as the one connecting Mumbai to Goa.In the past 20 days, four major accidents have occurred on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway, in which five persons died and 14 were injured. At one spot, 16 accidents have taken place in the past couple of months, when 18 people were killed and 70 critically injured.Most accidents on the expressway are due to human error and involve truck and trailer drivers. According to Singh, if these drivers have the facilities to rest and have proper refreshment, they will be less fatigued. \"We want the drivers to get proper rest, medical treatment and refreshment en route so that they stay alert while driving. Tired and hungry drivers and those with poor vision have been held responsible for accidents.\"Accordingly, the transport body has proposed that along with the emergency units, resting rooms, meant for drivers of heavy motor vehicles, affordable food courts and parking lots should also be built. Arrangements also be made so that the truck drivers can get their eyes checked there.\"We propose separate zones where motorists can relax. There should be mechanics to inspect their vehicles and repair them for any faults,\" Singh said.The proposal also envisages the use of audio-visual aids to create awareness about road safety and accidents on the expressway. \"We may put up newspaper clippings of accidents. It will serve as a caution to drivers and we will appeal to them to maintain a maximum 80 kmph,\" he added.Commending the plan, traffic expert and activist A V Shenoy said most highways in our country were ill-prepared to tackle medical emergencies. \"We should either have a trauma centre every 25 km or adequate number of ambulances with trained para-medical staff on the route to save lives during the golden hour (first few hours of an accident). The police should also patrol the expressway with speed guns to catch those violating traffic norms,\" he said.Echoing him, RTI activist Krishnaraj Rao said the authorities should ensure that no one crossed the speed limit. \"Most want to speed over 80 kmph on the expressway. Unless everyone drives below the limit, accidents cannot be avoided on mishap-prone stretches.\"Mantralaya officials can take a view of the plan only after it is submitted to them. \"But for now, there will be no new plan unveiled till the civic elections are over. But we will look into it after the polls are over,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11692712", "title": "Health minister yet to meet striking junior doctors", "text": "HYDERABAD: The indefinite fast undertaken by six junior doctors at Gandhi Hospital entered its sixth day on Monday as condition of three more of them turned critical with one fasting doctor already admitted in ICCU.The state government has failed to end the impasse and frustrated junior doctors, who have been waiting on a promise of a meeting with health minister DL Ravindra Reddy, blocked the busy Musheerabad crossroads for an hour in protest.Nearly 200 protesting doctors were bundled into vans and held at Bolaram police station before being released later in the day. The medicos have given a day's ultimatum to the government and threatened to boycott emergency services should the government fail to respond by Wednesday. The roadblock at Musheerabad led to a major traffic snarl that left hundreds of vehicles stranded for over an hour.Traffic could move only after the doctors had been taken away by police. Dr K Ravi Kumar has been in ICCU for two days and is continuing his fast. Another doctor, Chandrashekhar Azad is suffering from renal failure.Two more striking doctors, Jayachandra and Bhaskar Reddy have developed complications in some organs. Meanwhile, Gandhi Hospital superintendent Dr S Mahaboob released a health bulletin to the media stating that the condition of the fasting doctors had deteriorated. He wanted to shift the three doctors to the intensive care unit and sought police protection for the same.Doctors Chandrashekhar Azad, Jayachandra and Bhaskar Reddy were shifted to ICCU late in the night. Speaking to the media, the health minister said that he had not invited anybody for talks. Noting that some of the demands of the medicos had been accepted, the minister said that the junior doctors were not being flexible in their approach.While services at staterun hospitals have been badly hit, work has been paralysed at the two tertiary care hospitals in the twin cities, Osmania and Gandhi Hospital. TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu, TRS leader Harish Rao and T-JAC leader M Kodandaram are among those who on Monday extended support to the striking doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11694089", "title": "Time to chillax on a poll holiday", "text": "LUDHIANA: On Monday, Taneja, Batra and Malik families had a blast together at Taneja's residence in Sarabha Nagar, where they organized a small get-together. As it was election time, after casting their votes, they made full use of the free time at hand. As the markets and restaurants were closed, so in the chilling weather, they made home their venue. Every member of the three families was busy with his/her own peer company. Some were playing with the cards, some were busy watching their favourite daily soaps, while the rest were seen busy in preparing foods. The main activities that all of them enjoyed were:Daily soaps: Industrialist Jagdish Taneja said he had called up their family friends, as it was the rare time when everyone was not only free but had no work to do as offices, schools and colleges were closed. His peer group is fond of watching daily soaps, so they all saw three daily soaps back to back. Resident of SBS Nagar, Gulshan Batra said it was a delightful evening, as besides watching serials, they talked about many things at length.Playing carom: Student Saurav Taneja said, \"Even though I talk with my family friends on phone but hardly get the time to spend with them. Today, was the day when we got that opportunity, all thanks to these elections.\" Ashok Batra said they meet at restaurants but meeting at home has never happened for the past some months. It feels good that everyone is enjoying the carom.Playing cards: Resident of Sarabha Nagar, Jasnoor Malik said she knows only some games of the cards, but today learnt a new game, thanks to the get-together. Sahil Batra said it was an awesome experience, as all of them enjoyed to the hilt, while playing cards.Business game: Tanishk Taneja said he was waiting for the day when he could defeat Jayan Batra in the business game and finally today, he succeeded after three attempts. Jayan said there is always a next time and he will wait for the next get-together to take revenge.Food preparations in kitchen: Richa Taneja prepared the noodles that were relished by all and also tempted them for more. She said it was really difficult to prepare the dish for such a large gathering. Ritu said as the restaurants were closed, it was the best time to enjoy home-made food.Facebook: Mohit Taneja and his friends, Tarun Aggarwal and Varun, enjoyed being on the Facebook. Mohit said all were cracking jokes on one another along with enjoying on the Facebook.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11692764", "title": "HC stays Manesar land acquisition", "text": "GURGAON: The Punjab and Haryana high court has put a stay on the acquisition of 688 acres of land in Manesar. It has also restrained the Haryana government and five private developers from \"changing the nature of the land\" - no change in land use - and from \"creating any third party rights\", i.e. no sale or purchase of the land, till further order.The division bench of Justices M M Kumar and Rajiv Narain Raini passed the order in December while hearing to a petition filed by 117 land-owners from Manesar and its adjoining villages. They had alleged that the government had issued notifications to acquire the land for alleged public purpose, compelling the petitioners to sell the valuable and fertile land at a throwaway price to private developers.\"We had taken the matter to court as people went for distress selling of land fearing that the cash compensation by the government would be much less than what private developers were offering to them. We have alleged that the government notifications worked as threats to people,\" said Om Prakash, one of the petitioners. The case will come up for hearing again on February 17.TOI, in October 2007, had first reported how the Haryana government botched up its own plan to acquire 912 acres of land around Manesar to create residential need for huge labour force working in the Manesar industrial township. In a sudden turnaround, the government had withdrawn two notifications for acquiring about 680 acres of land in August 2007, just a day before the last date for completing all formalities.This was for the first time in the history of Haryana, final land acquisition notifications were withdrawn at the eleventh hour. The state government had issued Section 4 of the Land Acquisition Act notification for 912 acres for setting up residential, recreational and other public utilities in the Chaudhary Devi Lal Industrial Model Township, Manesar, during the tenure of the Om Prakash Chautala government.A year later in August 2005, after the Bhupinder Singh Hooda government came to power, Section 6 (declaration to take the land for a public purpose) was notified. According to the norms, the process of acquisition should have started on August 25, 2007. But the government withdrew all notifications on August 24. TOI had highlighted how the state's industrial development body had deposited Rs 50 crore with the district revenue officer-cum-land acquisition collector for acquisition of this land.The villagers, in their petition, have submitted that after the notifications were issued, the government had allowed the land use change for about 224 acres. \"The middlemen engaged by the builders approached locals and created fear that they might lose the land to government at a negligible amount and many of them sold land. Those who still held back had no option than to sell lands when the government issued final notification to disburse the compensation,\" said Om Prakash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11693427", "title": "Rosiah announces land pooling system on trial basis", "text": "COIMBATORE: In his maiden address to the Tamil Nadu assembly on Monday, Governor K Rosaiah said that a land pooling system will be introduced on a trial basis in the state. The system, which will be implemented for green field road projects, will benefit land owners in a big way as land will be acquired from multiple owners. Sources in the highways department said that while roads had not be identified for the project in Coimbatore city, land owners will benefit as they will only be pooling land with their neighbours.\"If we need, say, 100 sq feet of land, we will take 50 sq feet from land owner and 50 sq feet from his neighbour. This will speed up the acquisition process,\" said a top highways official. A performance based maintenance contract system will be put in place on a pilot basis in Coimbatore circle shortly and it will be scaled up throughout the state in due course. However, highways department sources said they were yet to receive intimation from the state government in this regard.Meanwhile, the government is taking all efforts to revive Common Effluent Treatment Plants (CETP) so as to curb the discharge of effluents into the Noyyal River. Based on the trial studies taken up to introduce an alternative Nano Filtration Technology to achieve zero liquid discharge in the Arulpuram CETP near Palladam in Tirupur district, this Government has already sanctioned Rs 179 crore as interest free loan to restart these closed CETPs.In addition, Rs 75 crore has also been provided as loan to the Pollution Control Board for settling the compensation to farmers along the Noyyal Ayacut pending determination of compensation by the court. The intervention of the chief minister in this regard has been well appreciated by all the concerned industrialists as well as farmers.Dyers Association of Tirupur president S Nagarajan said, \"There are 20 CETPs in Tirupur district. Of these, 18 are active. Government had promised to allot Rs 200 crore to revive closed CETPs. It has partially fulfilled this promise. The funds will be used to revive and upgrade the various CETPs. As many as 505 dyeing units will benefit from this move\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11694098", "title": "PPSA refuses to intervene in IAS-IPS row", "text": "VARANASI: The Provincial Police Services Association (PPSA) on Monday gave a jolt to the IPS Association by rejecting its appeal for support in the IAS-IPS officials row that started following the recent heated arguments between the commissioner of Basti division and SP Siddharthnagar.The PPSA general body members held a meeting under the chairmanship of their state president Yugal Kishore on Monday morning. During the meeting, the participants held such incidents as unfortunate and also criticized the pressure building tactics of the IPS Association members. After the meeting Kishore told TOI: \"The action initiated by the state government in this episode is satisfactory and everyone should wait for the investigation report of the two member investigation committee constituted by the government for taking further decision.\"He said presently the PPSA had reached the conclusion that it would wait for the investigation report before deciding whether the association would extend its support to the IPS Association. He said the incident at the election preparation review in Basti division had taken place between two officers as individuals. He said the government machinery was handling the most important event of assembly election and at such a time it was the responsibility of officials to perform responsibly. He said when both the officials had already been transferred and the committee comprising one senior IAS and a senior IPS officer had already started its work, what was the need for haste like pressure building efforts.Though the PPSA members were tight lipped on the discussion that took place at their meeting, it was stated that the PPS officials had their own grievances against the IPS officials due to which they found that behaviourwise, IAS officials were far better than IPS. It was said that the PPSA summoned the meeting of its members after receiving a call from IPS association's joint secretary DC Mishra to seek support. During the meeting, the participants also remained in contact with other officebearers over phone, including general secretary Amrita Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11693137", "title": "India opposes UN panel\u2019s \u2018back door\u2019 for green caps", "text": "NEW DELHI: A high-profile panel of the United Nation Secretary General (UNSG) on Global Sustainability has recommended that the world adopt sustainable development targets. The move has been opposed by India and several other developing countries as creating a backdoor for caps on emissions and green targets, while breaching the firewall between developing and rich countries that is enshrined in the Rio declaration and the UN convention on climate change.The report, released on Monday, is seen as a key input to the world leaders' summit Rio+20 to be held in Brazil later this year, which will review global efforts in achieving 'sustainable development'.A proposal in the run-up to the Rio+20 meeting suggesting that all countries adopt green targets to achieve over a fixed time along the lines of Millennium Development Goals (MDG) had been opposed by India. The UNSG panel has supported a similar proposal.The report recommends, \"We believe that agreeing on a set of key universal sustainable development goals could help to galvanize such action, drawing on the experience of the Millennium Development Goals and building on their successful aspects. These should be defined in a way that complements the Millennium Development Goals while allowing for a post-2015 successor framework.\"While the earlier proposal had been more direct in demanding standardized targets for all countries on securing a percentage of renewable energy in the power mix of countries and caps on emission and reduction of subsidies to fossil fuels, the report does provide caveats at other points.But the reference to specific goals, which are universal in nature, goes against the Indian position that the Rio declaration countries signed 20 years ago enshrines the principles of 'common and differentiated responsibilities' and such targets would override these. India is wary that they impinge upon economic development and make way for rich countries to force costly technology in the name of green economy.Similar attempts have been continuously made at the UN climate negotiations and been opposed since consensus holds the key in taking decisions.The panel also recommends that a post-2015 global framework for sustainable development should \"incorporate near-term benchmarks while being long-term in scope, looking ahead to a deadline of perhaps 2030\". The similarity of looking for a post-2015 global environmental regime with a weakened firewall between rich and poor countries - akin to the European Union's push in the Durban climate talks last year - has also not gone unnoticed in the policy circles in India.A move to let the UNSG's office and its team to oversee further action on the report is bound to cause concern of decision-making shifting to a less-democratic UN institution and outside the purview of the UN climate talks or the UN General Assembly , where each country holds a single vote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11692661", "title": "Pharma firm bus set on fire during bandh", "text": "HYDERABAD: Barring stray incidents of violence, the bandh in protest against desecration of Ambedkar statues across the state, passed off peacefully in the city on Monday. Meanwhile, police said that OU students were responsible for defiling the Rajiv Gandhi statue in the city on Sunday and they were trying to arrest the culprits, suspected to be hiding on the campus.Miscreants set ablaze a private bus belonging to Aurobindo Pharma parked on the Chilakalguda main road on Monday morning.At about 6.30 am, miscreants threw petrol into the parked bus and set it ablaze, Chilakalguda inspector B Anjaiah said. \"The bus cleaner was washing the vehicle on one side when the incident happened. But the miscreants came from the other side and threw fuel into the bus. The bus seats got burnt in the incident,\" the inspector added.Alerted by locals, a fire tender quickly reached the spot and doused the flames. Police booked a case under section 435 (Mischief by fire) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).While no one claiming responsibility for the incident, police suspect that the incident was the handiwork of OU students, who had claimed responsibility for damaging the Rajiv bust at Chilakalguda X Roads on Sunday.Meanwhile, the Gopalapuram police, who are probing the statue desecration case, believe that OU student Krishank was the main accused. \"He called up several media organizations claiming responsibility. At present, he is hiding on the campus. Once the situation becomes normal, we will arrest him,\" an investigating officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11694297", "title": "Roads wear a deserted look", "text": "LUDHIANA: Unlike usual hectic Mondays, it was a different feeling on city roads on Monday with lesser traffic, as all the markets were closed due to elections. The city residents after casting their votes enjoyed the off day in their houses while few came out in the evening. Some people used the opportunity to go for long drives on empty roads of the industrial town, a rare pleasure for the residents.It was a curfew like situation on Monday as the markets remained closed till 5pm and it was only after that that the residents could enjoy in the markets. The city roads that usually remain crowded with hundreds of vehicles saw only a few vehicles moving here and there. Some of the children were even seen flying kites on the roadside because of lesser traffic.\"I have never seen city roads empty like this. Even at the main chowks of city, where it takes a lot of time to move, it was very easy to drive,\" said Sharanjit Singh, a businessman and resident of Model Town. He said his factory was closed due to elections and it was difficult to pass time at home. So, I decided to move out but since the markets were closed, I reached Neelon River and enjoyed there.A student and resident of Civil Lines, Sumit Sharma said some of the children were flying kites on the road since vehicles were not moving. He said it would have been better if the shops were not closed and they could spend some time shopping.There were a few who made optimum use of the holiday by first enjoying movie show at their homes and in the evening, moved out for some dinner party. \"It was after a long time that his factory was closed for two days. I slept throughout the day on Sunday and on Monday, after casting my vote early in the morning, spend the rest of the day having fun, said Mayank Gupta, a businessman and resident of BRS Nagar.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11693098", "title": "Probe attempts to malign me, Teesta pleads before SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Human rights activist Teesta Setalvad, fighting for justice in post-Godhra riot cases, has called upon the Supreme Court to institute an inquiry into the repeated attempts to harass her on the basis of statements given by seven witnesses allegedly suborned by the Gujarat government.In her rejoinder to the state government's counter affidavit, Setalvad said that such an inquiry was necessary \"to scrutinize the allegations and the persons who are actually making these allegations\" and \"to put aside once and for all the deliberate and sinister designs\" to shield the powerful accused in the major cases pursued by the Special Investigation Team (SIT), which had been set up by the SC at the instance of, among other petitioners, her organization called the Citizens for Justice and Peace.In the first such SIT-probed post-Godhra riots case decided last November, relating to the Sardarpura massacre, the trial court, the rejoinder pointed out, issued a notice to her former aide Rais Khan to explain why he should not be prosecuted for perjury (making false allegations against Setalvad). She had been also vindicated by the SC in 2006 in the Best Bakery case in which witness Zahira Sheikh had been convicted for making false allegations against Setalvad of fabrication of evidence.The case in which Setalvad is now seeking a SC-instituted inquiry relates to similar allegations made against her by Rais Khan and others in the Naroda Gaam massacre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11692941", "title": "Family shocked, accused relieved", "text": "The entire judgment, along with the reasons for the acquittals, will be available only after the judge releases the document. Special public prosecutor Ujwal Nikam was not present in court on Monday. Though Patrawala's parents weren't in court on Monday, they were involved in all aspects of the case. His father Aslam said, \"We are in shock after hearing the judgment. Justice has been denied to us. It was a clear case for conviction, but I don't know what went wrong. After discussing details with the special public prosecutor, we will decide our further course of action.\"Bhat, when asked for his reaction outside the courtafter his acquittal, told TOI, \"I am very relieved. It hasn't sunk in yet.\" During the trial, the prosecution examined about 25 witnesses, of whom one turned hostile. The case was largely based on circumstantial evidence, which the prosecution dubbed as \"strong\". According to the prosecution, two key witnesses were a man who had seen the victim in a drowsy condition in the company of the accused on the night of the kidnapping and another who heard the conspiracy being hatched.The defence had argued that there were several lapses in the investigation. Chavan told TOI, \"The court rejected the witness's claim that he had heard the accused hatching the plan to kidnap Adnan in a shopping mall. The entire chain of circumstance is required to establish that the evidence is of believable and cogent nature, and this is lacking. The prosecution has failed to prove the case beyond a shadow of reasonable doubt.\" Chavan further stated that the court raised questions on the prosecution's claims about the recovery of the body.A fifth accused, who is a minor, is still to stand trial in a juvenile court for the murder that unfolded during a weekend in August 2007. The observations of the sessions court will be taken into consideration then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11693272", "title": "Ability awards to honour disabled will be given on Feb 18", "text": "CHENNAI: The 10th edition of CavinKare Ability awards, felicitating four disabled people who have achieved something special in their lives, will be announced on February 18. This year, the jury included noted music composer A R Rahman.Speaking about the process of choosing the winners, Rahman said, \"When we actually start the process, it is so inspiring that I actually take back more with me than I give.\"The awards are given in two categories - CavinKare Ability Award for Eminence and CavinKare Ability Mastery Awards. The Eminence Award is given to a disabled person who has chosen to do something different and serve society in the process. The Mastery Awards are given to three people who have achieved excellence in any specific field.The four winners were selected from 131 nominations received from 19 states. The CavinKare and Ability Foundation teams travelled to meet each of the short-listed candidates to interview them. The team finally gave 13 names to the jury.The jury also comprised Leela Samson, director of Kalakshetra Foundation and chairperson of the Central Board of Film Certification, and film maker Radha Mohan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11693972", "title": "Ice-cream case: SIT gives HC report", "text": "KOCHI: The special investigation team that probed revelations of K A Rauf, the estranged co-brother of industries minister P Kunhalikkutty, about influencing judicial officers and witnesses in the ice-cream parlour sex racket case submitted the final report before the Kerala high court on Monday.Though opposition leader V S Achuthanandan's counsel D Anil Kumar requested for a copy of the report, the court declined the plea, observing that the court has to scrutinize the report first.At a press conference held at Kozhikode in January last year, Rauf revealed that he and others close to Kunhalikkutty had tried to influence judges and witnesses, and bribed several of them to save the minister from the scandal. Based on Rauf's revelations, a case was registered and the investigation was later handed over to a special investigation team.Advocate general K P Dandapani submitted two copies of the sealed, over 1200-page report to the division bench of acting chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice P R Ramachandra Menon. Dandapani earlier received the report, including the case diary, from Winson M Paul, head of the special investigating team.Turning down petitioner Achuthanandan's plea for the report's copy the bench said it would be kept in safe custody until perused by the court. The court posted to March 6 the case for further hearing.The investigation team had questioned 142 witnesses in the case during the 10-month long probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11693397", "title": "Farmers seek more compensation for land given toUniversity", "text": "COIMBATORE: Farmers who gave up their lands for the development of Bharathiyar University staged a sit in protest on Monday at collectorate demanding for compensation from the district administration.The farmers complained that in spite of a court order, the government has refused to give full compensation to farmers, who lost their livelihood due to the acquisition of land. \"The government had acquired 1,000 acres of land from nearly 150 farmers in the region in 1980,\" said VP Elangovan, district secretary, Tamil Nadu Farmers Association.The farmers were offered just Rs 8000 for an acre of land. However the farmers went to the court demanding for higher compensation and got a favourable order in 2007 but the administration is yet to compensate them.\"We were growing maize and vegetables in the farm land and were dependent on the land for our livelihood. However after the land was acquired from us, we struggled to live,\" said S Malathi, another farmer.The court in its verdict in 2007 ordered the government to increase the compensation to Rs 50,000 per acre with interest. \"If we got the compensation we could have given a good education to our children. But the acquisition not only made us landless but also financially weak,\" added Malathi.Though all were promised jobs but none got it, said D Babu, who had to give away 24 acres of land. A few fortunate ones got the job but have been working on a daily wage and have not been made permanent yet, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11693293", "title": "Adarsh scam: CBI grills Ashok Chavan", "text": "MUMBAI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) quizzed former chief minister Ashok Chavan in the Adarsh housing society scam early this month. Chavan, an accused in the case, is the third ex-CM to be quizzed by the agency.The CBI had earlier questioned two former state CMs, Union power minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and Union science and technology minister Vilasrao Deshmukh .Chavan was not available for comment. The CBI refused to divulge more details.Chavan is alleged to have abused his official position with an ulterior motive of getting flats for his relatives. On January 29 last year, the CBI registered a case against 14 persons, including Chavan and retired army officials and bureaucrats, on charges of fraud and misuse of official powers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "although he is still under the shadow of his powerful politician father and rashtriya lok dal (rld) chief ajit singh, jayant chaudhary is desperate to make his own niche in the political arena of up. the 32-year-old rld mp from mathura, therefore, has jumped into the fray from mat constituency of his parliamentary seat. in a conversation with pankaj shah , he discusses his party's strategy for the forthcoming state poll. excerpts", "code": "11694051", "title": "UP govts' failure created space for new leadership: Jayant Chaudhary", "text": "Although he is still under the shadow of his powerful politician father and Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) chief Ajit Singh, Jayant Chaudhary is desperate to make his own niche in the political arena of UP. The 32-year-old RLD MP from Mathura, therefore, has jumped into the fray from Mat constituency of his parliamentary seat. In a conversation with Pankaj Shah , he discusses his party's strategy for the forthcoming state poll. Excerpts:Why the decision to contest UP elections? You are already an MP.In our federal structure, states are empowered to create and implement policies on issues that are relevant for the people. In UP, the failure of successive governments to deliver on the most basic aspirations of the people has created a political space for new voices and leadership. And I am one of it.Do you plan to play a role in UP politics .. may be a minister if voted to power?As for my role in UP, I can't at this juncture comment on the future possibilities. But my judgment of the situation on the ground indicates that the Congress-RLD combine will provide a new vision and direction to the state and I would want to be a part of that process.How is the RLD-Cong pact working?In terms of coordination at the level of workers, I do not see any issues as members of both organizations realize that through this alliance they are working towards a larger vision.How many seats do you expect this alliance to lap up in the elections?I would not like to talk in terms of number of seats as it is in the hands of voters.But I am confident the clear desire of the people to vote for change and establish a progressive state government creates an opportunity for Cong-RLD alliance.What is your stand on 4.5% minority reservation among the OBCs? To what extent it will elevate the position of Muslims.We can no longer behave as ostriches and bury our heads in the sand on the issue of our reservation system. Several deserving groups are not getting the benefit of this system. Therefore any change in the system that enables a wider access for the most backward elements must be welcomed. My party's manifesto way back in 2000 had spoken about our desire to see the Muslim groups recognized as backward in the Mandal formula. While this move benefits minorities in the central services, we have committed to the people that our government will look at categorization within the backward quota in an objective and scientific manner so that the most backward castes, including Muslim groups, get the full benefit in the state services.The issues of reservation for Jats in Central services is still hanging. Your take on that.That is an issue that I have raised in the LS and our party has supported at various platforms. There is some confusion on the issue; it is not as if the Jats are asking for something new - they are already classified as backward in most states in which the population resides. They are simply asking that if a Jat is considered backward when applying for a state service, say in Noida, then why not in our Central services when he comes to the national capital?Do you foresee SP joining the RLD-Cong alliance after polls? If yes then what will be your reservations?I can't say what will happen in the future, but am taking our own aggressive and development-oriented message to the people. The kind of governance that has been on display for many years, including the state government run by the SP, no longer inspires confidence in the people.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11692920", "title": "Jilted lover stabs self in Malwani", "text": "MUMBAI: A 22-year-old man attempted suicide by stabbing himself in the stomach at Malwani on Sunday. He was allegedly upset after parting ways with his girlfriend. The youth, Julius Gomes, is in hospital in critical condition. No case has been registered by the police so far.Malwani resident Gomes is employed with an Andheri-based firm and his father, Nirmal, works abroad. Gomes had been in a relationship with a girl from his neighbourhood from the past four years.\"He was depressed as his relationship had failed. He tried getting in touch with the girl on several occasions, but she did not respond,\" said senior inspector Abdul Rauf Shaikh. On Sunday, Gomes, who lives with his mother, went to the girl's residence.\"The girl's parents did not allow Gomes to meet her. He got upset, got drunk, and went back to her place,\" added Shaikh. Gomes allegedly created a ruckus outside the girl's home and tried to kill himself around midnight when she did not respond.\"At around 11.45pm, Gomes stabbed himself in the stomach with a kitchen knife. After the locals alerted the police control room, a mobile van was dispatched to the spot. He was rushed to Bhagwati Hospital,\" a police official said.\"Gomes is under observation at the hospital and is in a critical condition. His family has been informed about the incident. We haven't decided yet whether charges should be pressed against him,\" the official said. What caused the couple's break-up is not known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11692917", "title": "Security goes into a tizzy as Didi hits the roads", "text": "KOLKATA: Ever since Mamata Banerjee became the chief minister of the state, her guards have had a tough time in keeping the security cordon in tact with the minister breaching the protocols every now and then. Even on Monday, the security staff went into a tizzy when the chief minister got off her Black Santro near the GPO and walked up to Writers' Buildings, apparently to protest against police's effort to clear her path by blocking other vehicles.Deputy commissioner (traffic) Dilip Bandyopadhyay confirmed that the CM indeed got off her car and walked up to the state secretariat. He pleaded ignorance why she did so.Mamata's convoy was moving from the GPO side to Writers' when she noticed that the vehicles from the opposite direction were stopped before the Writers' to clear the passage for the convoy. She got off her car immediately, disgusted with the overzealousness of police. Mamata has on numerous occasions insisted that she should not be treated as VIP and signals should function normally. \"My movement should not cause inconvenience to common people,\" she said a number of times.However, the police are always apprehensive of her security. \"She neither uses bullet-proof official car nor she takes pilot car. Only a couple of cars with security personnel follow her from a discreet distance. Even the Union home ministry is anxious with her security and sent several note for upgrading her security,\" said a senior police officer.Following the instruction, police synchronized the signals along her route in accordance with the movement of the chief ministerso that her convoy does not have to stop any place. \"It is a breach of her security if her convoy gets stuck at any place,\" said an officer.However, Mamata thinks that overzealous security would put a barrier between her and people. Even on Republic Day, she got off her car and waved at the crowd. While doing this, she again broke another protocol: the governor reached to the flag-hoisting podium before the chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11692128", "title": "IGGMCH plans to help docs stay cool", "text": "NAGPUR: Run-ins between over-worked doctors and over-anxious relatives of patients are common at the Indira Gandhi government medical college and hospital.Given the shortage of staff and high patient load, they are only to be expected. For the first time, however, the hospital is doing something to prevent them.It is going to train all its resident doctors in good communication skills and stress management to minimize confrontations and conflicts with patients and their relatives which often take an ugly turn. To begin with, the college is holding a series of workshops of four hours each with seniors and experts. Gradually, it would be converted into a full-fledged course that would be part of the curriculum. The first workshop would begins on Tuesday from 1 pm to 5 pm.\"Residents are the backbone of any medical college. They have to work long hours, sometimes without food, enough sleep and leave. They also have to study for exams and thesis. Due to these circumstances, they sometimes just snap when patients or their relatives talk roughly. They react with anger resulting in confrontations. Relatives do not realize they are trainee doctors and expect very professional behaviour. This training will help the residents behave with maturity,\" said Dr Prakash Wakode, IGGMC dean.The course was cleared last week by the hospital council. The Maharashtra University of Health Sciences ( MUHS) is also planning to start such a course soon. \"So our effort would actually be a stepping stone for the course,\" added Dr Wakode. Initially ten workshops would be held.The would equip the young doctors with skills in handling difficult situations like reaction of relatives to death of a patient. In addition, the residents will also be posted for at least five days in psychiatry department and trained on handling their own emotional outbursts and preventing themselves from being dragged into unwanted confrontations.Dr Sushma Thakre, associate professor of preventive and social medicine coordinating the activities, says that the workshops on communications and presentation skills would be organized by the 'Medical Education Technology Cell'.Psychiatry teachers like associate professor Praveer Waradkar and lecturer Dr Abhishek Somani will conduct in-house training while private practitioners too would be involved. Dr Sudhir Bhave and ex- IGGMC teacher Dr Suresh Chari would be the experts for the first workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11693862", "title": "MGP quits Cong, to announce tie-up with BJP soon", "text": "PANAJI: After weeks of speculation, Maharastrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) president Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar on Monday announced the party's decision to quit the chief minister Digambar Kamat-led Congress government in the state.Dhavalikar said that transport minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar would resign from the state cabinet within the next two days. The decision was announced after the MGP central committee's meeting in Panaji on Monday. Out of 16 central committee members, 15 attended the meeting.Speaking to mediapersons, working president Narayan Sawant confirmed this saying that if the party wanted to fight the upcoming assembly polls, it was necessary for it to quit the Congress.During the 2007 election, the MGP had contested 26 seats independently and later joined the chief minister Pratapsingh Rane-led government. \"Being a part of the Congress government, it is difficult to convince the public to vote for us. This time we have decided not to commit the same mistake,\" Sawant said.He added that the alliance with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) was heading in the right direction and that BJP-MGP leaders would brief the media about the same in the next two days. MGP has two MLAs in the 40-member state legislative assembly. During the 2007 election, MGP had a 8.65% vote share and polled 61,439 votes in 26 constituencies.TOI has first reported that Sudin had informed the Congress high command that the MGP would quit the Congress government.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11692817", "title": "Lavasa case hearing deferred till March 17", "text": "PUNE: Chief judicial magistrate (CJM) N T Ghadge on Monday deferred the hearing against Lavasa Corporation and 15 others in a criminal complaint filed by Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) alleging environment violations till March 17.Nine Lavasa officials filed a plea for seeking personal exemption for not remaining present before the court through their lawyers which was considered by the court.The court also considered the plea of MPCB lawyers Sadanand Deshmukh and S G Gawli for re-issuing process against five Lavasa officials as the same could not be served on them for various reasons.The lawyers said one of the suspects had obtained a stay order from the Bombay High Court restraining the court from conducting trial against him, as he had challenged the order of issue process.They further said six other officials have also challenged the order of issue process by filing a criminal revision petition before the district and sessions court here.The lawyers made a statement that Lavasa will also challenge the issue process order before the high court. They pleaded to stay the proceedings before the court till the final decision of the various petitions.CJM Ghadge then deferred the hearing till March 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11692596", "title": "'Not to question ATS men again in Malegaon probe'", "text": "MUMBAI: Amid reports that the anti-terrorism squad (ATS) officers who investigated the 2006 Malegaon mosque blasts will be questioned by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) for not conducting the probe properly, the NIA has denied all such claims. NIA sources on Monday said the agency has already questioned the ATS officers who were part of the '06 serial blasts probe.News reports in some regional language newspapers said the NIA will question the ATS officers who investigated the four blasts that took place on September 8, 2006. At least 31 persons were killed and 297 others injured when four bombs, planted in a residential area and within the premises of a cemetery, went off. The bombs contained RDX, ammonium nitrate, nitrite, oil fuel, shrapnel, nuts and bolts.\"We have already questioned the ATS officers who probed the case then. There is no requirement for us to question them now. How can they help us in the probe, if they didn't know who the real culprits are?\" said a senior officer from the NIA.He added that the NIA had recorded the statements of some of the officers on various points like the filing of charge sheet and the fact that chemical analysis reports were not attached with the chargesheets.\"Our investigation is currently going in the right direction. Why would we want to rely on some other organization? Our team is working hard on this case,\" he added. Nine suspected SIMI members were arrested by the ATS in 2006 and were released on bail in November 2011 after the NIA did not oppose their bail in court.The NIA, while probing another terror case, allegedly found that some members of a radical right wing group were involved in the Malegaon blasts and not the nine youth caught by the ATS.This case was probed by various agencies: first by the Malegaon local police, who handed it over to the ATS, later case transferred to the CBI, and then to another CBI team. The NIA took over the case in April last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11692823", "title": "'Art-based therapies help improve mental health'", "text": "PUNE: The integration of art-based therapies with treatment methodologies as offered by clinical psychologists can work well with people and is an area that needs to be explored further, said experts during the 38th national annual conference of the Indian Association of Clinical Psychologists on Saturday.Organised by the department of behavioral sciences and mental health of the Sahyadri Hospitals, the three-day conference concluded at Yashada on Sunday.Two art forms - dance and group drumming - were shown to have a positive impact in overcoming certain mental disorders and mental states in two case studies presented during the conference.\"Art-based therapies would have a greater role to play in clinical psychology in the coming years,\" said Varun Venkit, who is doing a research on integrating science and research methodology with art. Venkit presented a case study on changes during and after a group drumming programme held for about 70 rehabilitated commercial sex workers (CSWs) who participated in eight sessions of group drumming over two months in Mumbai.\"In most cases, psychological conditions of the CSWs are not taken into account the way it should be and that creates a hurdle in their rehabilitation,\" Venkit said.A specially designed group drumming programme using Arthur Hull's group drumming techniques and based on psychology and neuro-linguistic processing principles was introduced. Pre- and post-programme interviews, observation checklists, drumming experience feedback forms were created and were used to collect data.The results of the study were found to have brought progressive and positive changes on the group level, especially in the parameters of relaxation, stress reduction, group cohesiveness, confidence, motivation and attention, Venkit said.\"Group drumming can be a potential group therapy. Further research and practice using this can be pivotal in building rehabilitation programmes for groups with special needs,\" said Venkit.In the second case study, Maithily Bhupatkar, a Bharatnatyam dancer by profession, who currently leads the Hrishikesh Centre of Contemporary Dance's community project - Dance for Parkinson's Disease - initiated in collaboration with the Sancheti Hospital, Pune, presented the systematic use of dance therapy for Parkinson's patients, which is slowly yet steadily getting the desired results.\"The mental trauma that Parkinson's patients undergo due to its symptoms decreases their self confidence, especially if they are over 50 years of age. Sequential movements in smaller steps just like the dancers are primarily used to treat them through dance therapy,\" Bhupatkar said.Inspired from the work of Mark Morris Dance Group, New York, that has been offering this treatment to Parkinson's patients in the US since 2001, Maithili started the project in 2010 and currently has over 18 patients undergoing the dance therapy with her.\"Collaboration with Sancheti Hospital is helping in proper evaluation and documentation of the project, which is slowly getting results in terms of long-lasting positive changes among our patients,\" she said.\"One of the most successful cases is where a person suffering from Parkinson's disease has not only improved his movements, but has been performing well consistently for the last six months, in spite of reduction of dosage by around 25%,\" Bhupatkar added.On the first day of the conference, Ajit K Dalal, professor and head, department of psychology, University of Allahabad, delivered a key note address on 'Folk healing practices in India and their contemporary relevance'. Anand C Paranjape, Emeritus professor of psychology and humanities, Simon Fraser University, Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada, delivered a lecture on 'Healing in a spiritual context - A case study'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11693347", "title": "Three more held for Times bldg attack", "text": "MUMBAI: The Azad Maidan police arrested three more persons on Monday in connection with the attack on the Times of India building on Saturday afternoon. In all, 30 people have been arrested since Saturday. The accused have been charged for rioting, vandalism and criminal trespass under several sections of the IPC. The court had rejected their bail application and they have been remanded in police custody till Wednesday.\"The complainants mentioned that about 150 persons were involved in the incident. We have been analyzing CCTV footage obtained from TOI to identify the rest ,\" said Shashikant Satav, assistant commissioner of police ( Azad Maidan Division).Sources in the police claimed that none of the rioters were from the Shiv Sena. Instead, all the men allegedly belonged to the Cooperative Banking Union, which is headed by Sena MLA Anandrao Adsul.Adsul's son, Abhijit Adsul, also a Shiv Sena MLA, condemned the article published in Maharashtra Times and said that it was a provocation for the union leaders. \"They respect my father and if someone writes a completely untrue report maligning his image, it is understandable they will lose their cool,\" said Abhijit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11693921", "title": "A web forum to help senior citizens", "text": "KOCHI: Now senior citizens won't have to scan newspapers for government notifications and related information as the Centre for Public Policy Research (CPPR), a Kochi based NGO, has come up with a web forum to help them. Google group, seniornet, exclusively for senior citizens will help get necessary information on government notifications, various legislations, amendments and health tips. Former director of state literacy mission and CPPR consultant Gopinath Panangad said this concept similar to Paripakam, a senior citizen forum of CPPR. \"Paripakam did not get the desired response as people had to come to a specified meeting place. It was at this time, we thought of forming a web forum, which the senior citizens can access from a personnel computer,\" he said.\"After their retirement, senior citizens find it difficult to access various information and government notifications. With this initiative we plan to give them updates on different schemes and programmes,\" said Gopinath who introduced this concept at CPPR. \"With our service, senior citizens from any part of the globe can access relevant information and interact with each other on various issues and schemes,\" he said.CPPR programme coordinator Jiyad KM said the group has got a solid response and people are querying about various issues.\"Within a single day of announcing this group more than 40 senior citizens have registered with us. Those who are computer illiterate have registered using their children's mail id to get alerts and information,\" he said. Jiyad also said that at a later stage they are planning to bring out a web portal so that anyone can access information and alerts without any registration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11693074", "title": "Turf war helps jumbo corridor resorts", "text": "NEW DELHI: A face-off between forest officials and wildlife experts, who are a part of the National Board for Wildlife (NBWL), could stall the move to shut down resorts in the crucial Sigur corridor, where elephants use to move between Eastern and Western Ghats through Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, and provide an open area for the pachyderms for unfettered movement.While the Board's expert members are almost entirely in favour of a Madras High Court order to shut down dozens of high-end resorts operating in the corridor, the ministry officials want to 'further review' the move that was marked for assessment by the Supreme Court to the Board.The HC had ordered that the area falling in the corridor be taken over by the forest department, and the resorts be demolished. The HC had in its order said that the guest-house owners had indulged in eco-destruction in the name of eco-tourism.The resort owners moved a petition against the order in the SC. The petitioners included actor Mithun Chakraborti, who also owns a resort in the wild corridor that connects the largest contiguous population of elephants in the country.Chakraborty, suggesting that tribals caused more harm to forests than the hotel industry, had claimed in his plea before the apex court that the resort provides employment to locals and it is part of the backbone of eco-tourism in the area. He reasoned that poaching and firewood collection from the forests has declined significantly since the resort has become an alternative source of income for tribals through the year, helping the elephants to roam freely.The forest department had claimed before the HC that the hotels and resorts were running in violation of the Tamil Nadu Preservation of Private Forests ActThe apex court asked the NBWL to review the HC's expert panel report on the issue and comment on it to aid a decision. The NBWL is the apex authority on wildlife issues and is chaired by the Prime Minister. And, the Union environment and forests minister heads its standing committee.In the last standing committee meeting, the non-official wildlife experts unanimously agreed with the HC committee and recommended that the corridor should be created. But the member-secretary of the panel and the additional director-general of forests recommended setting up of another committee to make a site visit.It was pointed out that the apex court had only asked the NBWL to review the HC report, and not start an assessment from scratch. The member-secretary suggested a sub-committee, comprising a senior forest official and two non-official members of the board, visit the site.This was objected to by the non-official members, pointing out that a long process of investigation under the HC and its appointed experts. They said they were all in agreement on the matter and that nothing new thing would emerge from this proposed sub-committee. But the forest officials insisted that a site visit by the proposed team would \"only bring a holistic and impartial picture of the sensitive matter before the standing committee to enable it to take a considered view in the matter\".The environment minister suggested that the government seek time from the SC to respond, while the options are looked at by the board's standing committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11692791", "title": "TB officer to help city fight disease", "text": "MUMBAI: The city's TB army is soon to get a knight to fight the war against the disease.To fight the growing TB menace, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) will soon appoint a TB officer for the city, along with deputy officers for each of the wards. According to the BMC, one of the civic health officers will be appointed as the TB officer by the end of this week.\"We had asked deputy executive health officers to volunteer for the post. Many of these officers have since applied.We will soon finalize a TB officerfor the city,\" said additional municipal commissioner (health), Manisha Mhaiskar.Apart from this, a total of 24 district TB officers will be chosen and sent to Bangalore for training to combat the disease. \"By Wednesday, these 24 officers will be finalized and the batch will be sent on a 12-day training programme to Bangalore,\" said Dr Anil Bandivadekar, BMC's executive health officer.The Centre announced the setting up of a pilot programme for TB control in Mumbai two weeks ago. The announcement followed Hinduja Hospital's research work about 12 patients being diagnosed with 'totally drug resistant TB' (TDR-TB); the government consequently said there were no TDR-TB cases and that these cases were to be called extra extensively drug resistant TB (XXDR-TB) instead.Talking about the TB program, Mhaiskar said, \"Most of the things on paper have been finalised and the measures have been decided upon, now it's just the matter of making them functional which will be done in about a week or two's time.\"\"The TB officer along with the district officers will work on implementation of details, logistics and training. One good thing about this plan is that we are dividing Mumbai in 24 parts ward-wise, so that the program can be implemented well from a micro level,\" said Bandivadekar.Another plan of the programme was to appoint retired TB surgeons with expertise in the field on honorary basis to carry out surgeries at TB hospital in Sewree till the time new appointments are made. Dr Sanjay Oak, public health director and dean of KEM hospital said, \"We have established contacts with quite a few senior TB surgeons and by this weekend we should have the names in hand of doctors who will step in to operate at the TB hospital.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11693487", "title": "Order flawed, restore our honour: Madhavan Nair", "text": "BANGALORE: Former Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) chief G Madhavan Nair has requested Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's intervention to quash an official order barring him and three other space scientists from holding government posts over the Antrix-Devas deal.He also requested him to order an inquiry into the process by which the order was issued. \"I believe the issuance of the order did not follow established procedures and would like the matter investigated,\" Nair said. \"I'm seeking restoration of our honour,\" he added.On the statement of minister of state in the Prime Minister's Office V Narayanasamy that the government is ready to hear their views, Nair said, \"If it's a real move from the government, it's good.\"Nair also demanded an apology from people responsible for taking the action. \"They owe an apology not to me but to the whole country. Somebody has taken the law into their hands,\" said Nair.Nair said the copy of the order hadn't reached the scientists. \"Such communication has to be made to us directly, not through the media,\" he said, adding that he has filed an application under the Right to Information Act seeking all details. \"The truth has to be established as it's a question of our honour. The government should try to collect details from the people concerned,\" he said.The other scientists barred from holding any government job were former scientific secretary A Bhaskarnarayana, Isro's satellite centre former director KN Shankara and former Antrix Corporation executive director KR Sridharamurthi. The scientific community has rallied behind Nair and the three scientists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11692719", "title": "Chain-snatcher thwarted by Borivli duo", "text": "MUMBAI: A chain-snatcher was caught red-handed at Borivali (E) after a mother-daughter duo that he had targeted put up a tough fight.The incident took place outside Lata Society off the Western Express Highway where graphic designer Vaishali Rajput (41) stays with her parents. A spinster, Vaishali had stepped out of the building with her mother, Padma (70), on Sunday evening when they were accosted by the accused, Mukesh Thorat (22).The duo resisted the chain-snatcher and got him arrested.\"As Thorat tried to grab Padma's gold chain, the senior citizen resisted his attempt. This infuriated Thorat who pushed the mother-daughter hard, causing them to land on the ground with a thud. As Thorat tried to grab Padma's chain again, Vaishali held on to his hand firmly. He grabbed the chain but was unable to flee. As Vaishali raised an alarm, passersby gathered and caught hold of Thorat. He was hauled to the Kasturba Marg police station where he was booked for robbery,\" a senior police official said.Vaishali and her mother sustained minor injuries in the incident. Padma's 15 gm gold chain, worth Rs 45000, was recovered from Thorat. Officials said Thorat is unemployed and his past record is being checked. \"Vaishali and her mother showed a lot of courage in fighting the robber on their own,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chicago", "code": "11693264", "title": "US govt asks court to reject Tahawwur Rana's re-trial plea", "text": "CHICAGO: The US government has asked a court to deny Pakistan-born Canadian Tahawwur Rana's plea for a new trial in cases related to the Mumbai and Denmark terror plots, arguing that he has failed to demonstrate that the court erred in convicting him for aiding Lashkar-e-Taiba .In June last year, after a three-week trial, 50-year-old Rana was convicted of providing material support to the banned LeT, and of conspiracy to provide material support to terrorism in connection with a foiled plot involving Danish newspaper Jyllands Posten.He was, however, acquitted of charges that he aided the terrorists who carried out the 26/11 attacks in Mumbai.Rana had appealed for a new trial in September last year citing that the jury was confused and that he did not get a fair trial.According to documents released by the US District Court of the Northern District of Illinois, the federal government has argued that the court applied the correct legal standard, considering the totality of evidence.The court correctly concluded that even considering Headley's statements, probable cause existed, it said.The government argues that the court particularly noted a September, 2009 conversation in which Rana and Headley discussed Denmark as a \"target\" and said there was significant evidence regarding the defendant's knowledge and actions.The court pointed to \"at least four pieces of evidence in the affidavit (that) buttress this finding\".In the instant motion, defendant argues that, at the time of defendant's arrest, the government \"only had knowledge regarding the activities of David Headley\".The government lawyers said the record demonstrated otherwise.In the government's response to the motion, there was significant evidence regarding the defendant's knowledge and actions.In denying defendant's motion to quash, the Court pointed to this evidence, which included at least three recorded conversations in which defendant was a participant, defendant's involvement with David Headley's travel to Copenhagen and attempts to get Headley a visa.Thus, the defendant has failed to demonstrate that the court erred, and that a new trial is warranted, the prosecution argued.\"In his final argument, defendant concludes, without the support of law or fact, that the district court erred by ruling against the defendant before and during trial.\"Defendant, however, fails to offer a single citation or any explanation for how the Court allegedly erred. This Court should reject defendant's undeveloped list of errors 'outright' and find that defendant waived each of the listed arguments,\" it said.\"In fact, defendant's list of errors is so cursory that the government has no meaningful ability to respond\".In arguing that the government failed to prove its specific allegations, the defendant Rana simply rehashes his sufficiency of the evidence argument, it said.Among other arguments, defendant argues that he lacked knowledge of Headley's true activities, and thus neither he nor Headley constituted \"personnel\".However, the government presented substantial evidence of defendant's knowledge and participation.Thus, the evidence demonstrated that defendant had provided both himself and Headley as \"personnel,\" and that defendant \"concealed\" the nature of such support, the government said.Based on this evidence, a rational trier of fact could have, and did, find \"the essential elements of the crime beyond a reasonable doubt\".Defendant's argument, therefore, is without merit, court documents stated, they said.\"Because the government need only have proven that defendant conspired to, or did, provide one form of material support, the government need not address defendant's arguments about the other forms of material support for purposes of this motion.\"The government, however, submits that the evidence demonstrated each of the forms of material support alleged in the Second Superseding Indictment and Bill of Particulars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11693143", "title": "Five jewellers held for buying stolen ornaments", "text": "PUNE: The Loni Kalbhor police on Sunday arrested five jewellers from Satara and Sangli districts for allegedly purchasing stolen ornaments from criminals.A magisterial court on Monday sent Sagar Raut (26), Suresh Mali (35), Nilesh Karpe (26), Rangrao Shendge (42) and Sanjay Jadhav (37) to police custody till February 1.Investigations had revealed that the jewellers had been buying stolen ornaments from suspects involved in dacoity cases for the last four months. Police have seized two pieces of gold coins worth Rs 12,000 and a car from the jewellers.The jewellers had allegedly purchased stolen ornaments from criminals from Chakan, Khed and Jalna, but were arrested while striking a deal near Kavdipat toll naka on the Pune Solapur highway on Sunday at 6 pm.Meanwhile, the police arrested Subhash Chavan (45) and Yogesh Badak (24), both residents of Bhor, on Sunday afternoon, on charges of committing a dacoity. Police seized a four-wheeler, a revolver and a gold coin from them and have launched a hunt to trace their 10 accomplices.A magistrate court on Tuesday sent the suspects to police custody till February 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11693148", "title": "Doctors watch Mane's routine", "text": "PUNE: Bus driver Santosh Mane's sleep and wake cycle, routine activities, behaviour, speech and body language are being closely monitored round the clock by a team of doctors at Yerawada mental hospital where Mane has been kept in isolation since Saturday. The hospital will submit a report on Mane's mental status to the court on February 1.The MSRTC driver wreaked havoc in the city on Wednesday morning, killing eight people and injuring 32 after hijacking a state transport bus from Swargate bus stand.\"Four psychiatrists and a medical officer are monitoring Mane. A mental status examination report prepared by these doctors will be submitted to the court on February 1,\" Vilas Bhailume, medical superintendent, Yerawada mental hospital, told TOI on Monday.\"Mane has been kept in the isolation ward. The doctors as well as nurses keep monitoring him round the clock. Besides, questionnaire-based interviews are conducted thrice a day to assess his mental status. This is primarily done to evaluate how he responds, speaks, recollects things, behaves and reciprocate,\" Bhailume said.\"We are not giving him any medicines now. The evaluation is purely based on his behaviour,\" he added.Experts say that it will be insightful to find out whether Mane manifests any psychotic features like hallucination or shows traits like forgetfulness ( amnesia ), impulsive nature and mood swings during his stay at the mental hospital.\"One thing is clear that Mane has been on psychotropic drugs. The doctor treating him has made it clear that he suffered from schizophrenia. Evaluation of things like how he talks, responds, recalls, manifestation of traits like forgetfulness, decision making capacity, etc, will shed light on his mental fitness,\" said senior psychiatrist Alka Pawar, head of the Maharashtra Institute of Mental Health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11693097", "title": "Fake cop cons two techies of Rs 65K", "text": "CHENNAI: Police are hunting for a man who, posing as a policeman, conned two recently-engaged software engineers of 65,000 in T Nagar on Sunday.Police said that around 10pm Prashanth (26) and Anushya Rao (24) (names changed) were in their car with the windows closed on Lodhi Khan Street near Pondy Bazaar when the \"policeman\", with a flashlight in hand, banged on the door.Immediately, Prashanth lowered the car windshield and found an immaculately dressed \"policeman\" who told them he had found them in a compromising position.A shocked Prashanth immediately got down and told the man they were getting married in a month and had come there buy clothes.The man, however, got into the back seat and asked Prashanth to drive to the police station. The young couple apparently apologized but the man appeared unmoved, police said. Prashanth then started the car and began driving as per the directions provided by the \"policeman\" who asked the youth to stop near an ATM, a police officer said.A compromise was struck and the man promised not to pursue the case if they gave him money.Prashanth, who feared the incident would become known to his family members, accepted the 'deal' and went into the ATM booth.The \"policeman\" stood outside with their mobile phones, while Anushya sat in the car. Prashanth returned with 65,000 which the \"policeman\" accepted and vanished, police said.Prashanth, who along with Anushya was employed in a company on Old Mahabalipuram Road, later some of his friends about the incident.After they advised him to lodge a police complaint, Prashanth approached the Soundarapandianar Angadi police station where he realized he had been cheated. A case was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11693089", "title": "Court directs cops to register FIR against ex-minister\u2019s wife", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has directed the Tiruvallur district police to register a first information report ( FIR) against Uma Devi, and another person on a land grab complaint.A complaint from farmer D Munusamy of Kummanoor village near Ponneri, submitted to the land grab wing of the Tiruvallur police, identified Uma Devi as DMK leader and former Union minister NVN Somu's wife. Somu died in a crash during his tenure as Union minister of state for defence in 1997.Justice T Mathivanan, concurring with the submissions of Abbudu Kumar Rajarathinam, counsel for farmer D Munusamy, asked the police to register a case and file a final report, if necessary, within six weeks. \"The inspector of police (special cell), District Crime Branch (land grabbing) in Tiruvallur district is directed to register a case based upon the complaint of D Munuswamy dated October 3, 2011, and take up the investigation and file a final report if prima facie case is made out within a period of six weeks,\" he said in the order on Monday.The judge also asked the Tiruvallur district superintendent of police to monitor the progress of the investigation and see that the chargesheet was filed within the stipulated time mentioned by the court.In his petition, Munuswamy of Kummanoor village in Ponneri taluk, near here, contended that he purchased a piece of 85 cents of agricultural lands from one Durai Babu of Kummanoor in 1993. He said the possession was given to him in 1994 and it was registered in his name in 2004, and patta was given in 2005.While so, 18 years later, Uma Devi lodged a complaint in September 2011 stating that Durai Babu had sold the same property to her in 1989 itself. Munuswamy, pointing out that he was in continuous possession and paying taxes all these years, said Durai Babu and the family members of Uma Devi were threatening to part with the property. He wanted the court to direct the police to register case on his complaint and proceed against them in accordance with law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11693945", "title": "Kerala's youngest MLA ties the knot", "text": "KOCHI: Hibi Eden, the youngest MLA in the Kerala Assembly, wed Anna Linda at a solemn religious ceremony at the St Francis Xavier's Church in Kaloor on Monday. The wedding was followed by a reception that was attended by relatives, friends , political and religious leaders.The one-and-half hour ceremony was conducted by archbishop Francis Kallarakal, metropolitan archbishop of Latin Catholic Archdiocese of Verapoly supported by 20 priests. Eden chose a black suit for the ceremony while the bride wore an ivory gown.KPCC chief Ramesh Chennithala , speaker G Karthikeyan, Union minister K V Thomas, ministers Ganesh Kumar, K Babu, Adoor Prakash, Thrissur MP P C Chacko, MLAs Anwar Sadath, Benny Behanan, P C Vishnunath, Shafi Parambil were present for the wedding. Chief minister Oommen Chandy greeted the couple at a grand reception after the church ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "digha (west singhbhum)", "code": "11693923", "title": "Landmine found near Ramesh meeting venue", "text": "DIGHA (WEST SINGHBHUM): A major mishap was averted by security forces when they detected a landmine under the road from Manoharpur to Digha, the venue of Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh's visit on Monday.Since Ramesh was to take aerial route to the venue, there was no threat to him.The landmine weighing around 15 kg was placed at the centre of the road, around 3.5 km away from the venue in the village where Ramesh laid the foundation stone for one integrated development centre and a couple of rural roads under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna.The Centre is directly funding and monitoring the Rs 250-crore Saranda Action Plan that has been launched as a pilot project for development of the Maoist-hit areas in the country. Six panchayats in Saranda forest will have a road network of 113 km and all the 6,000 families get a house under the Indira Awas Yojna. All the six panachayats will also have an integrated development centre which will provide round-the-clock healthcare facility.Confirming the recovery, additional SP Shambhu Prasad said the security forces were on alert since Sunday and had started combing operations. \"We were sanitizing the entire area along the road to be used by government officials. First we scanned the forest area - 500 metres on both side of the road - and on Monday morning the road was checked. We found a powerful landmine placed around one foot under the road,\" said Prasad.The landmine was placed some time back and was connected with a wire for detonation. \"The rebels may have detonated it if the security forces were unable to trace it on time as the road was to be used by government officials,\" said Prasad adding that the since the Union minister was to use aerial route there was no threat to him.Ramesh was not much astonished to know about the recovery of the landmine from the road leading to his visit. \"Places in western and southern Jharkhand have always been a stronghold of Maoists and the Saranda forest, till recently, was the east zone headquarters of the rebels,\" said the minister. He, however, expressed hope that the situation would improve with support of local people in the near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11693508", "title": "Iron particles found in iron tablets sold in state", "text": "MUMBAI: Ever heard of a medical iron tablet actually containing free iron particles, that too in a huge quantity? State food and drug administration (FDA) commissioner Mahesh Zagde initially did not believe it. However, when a Thane-based consumer presented him with the evidence, he was left both stunned and horrified. \"The consumer walked into my office, and in the presence of officials showed how the iron tablet was attracted to a magnet,'' Zagde told TOI.Zagde said in view of a specific complaint, he sent the 'Solufer-XT' tablets for testing in the FDA laboratory. An analysis revealed the iron tablet contained 117mg of free iron particles, more than 193%the labelled quantity.The content of elemental iron in the tablet, prescribed for anaemia or lack of red blood cells, was way above the permissible limits.Zagde has directed the Himachal Pradesh-based Galpha Laboratories to forthwith withdraw the entire stock of the product from Maharashtra. Simultaneously, the FDA has asked the 76,000-odd medical stores, public health and medical education departments not to prescribe the product. \"Since we are not the licencing authority for the product, we have written to the Himachal FDA and FDA commissioners across the country to ensure that the product is not prescribed to any patient. In addition, we have taken up the issue with the Drug Controller of India,'' Zagde said.A professor of pharmacology said the presence of free metallic iron particles in an iron tablet is unheard of. \"By and large, iron tablets contain ferrous and ferric salts. I am in the pharmacology sector for well over four decades, but have never heard of the presence of iron particles in an iron tablet. It should be probed at the highest level and stringent measures should be taken against the erring pharmaceutical firm,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11692407", "title": "Train theft victim helps catch gang", "text": "NAGPUR: Being alert and having an observant eye helped videographer Govind Khataria not only get get back his stolen valuables but also helped the railway police nab an interstate gang of thieves involved in train robberies.Sixteen of the 18 gang members were arrested a few hours after they robbed Khataria on Sunday night while he was going to drop his wife to Bilaspur in the general compartment of an inter-city express. Khataria tipped off cops after he returned to the station and spotted the suspects again.Khataria had just returned to Nagpur railway station on Monday when she called to tell him about valuables worth Rs 27,000 missing from their luggage. He lodged a complaint with GRP, and then walked to platform No. 3 from where he had boarded the train on Sunday evening.He suspected the youths sitting around them might have robbed him. He checked the general compartment and noticed them sitting in a group.Instead of shouting, Khataria calmly called the cops, who rounded up the youths though four managed to flee.\"Khataria's observation helped us bust the gang,\" said constable Anil Gaikwad.The youths, all natives of Uttarakhand, came to the city on Friday and rented two rooms as paying guests at Sangharsh Nagar. They told the landlady they owned a roadside clothes shop in Sitabuldi and Mahal. Two of them would stay at home and cook while the others would divide into two groups of eight.\"After buying general tickets, they would occupy seats in trains and offer them to other passengers, especially families. Some befriended the victims while others stole valuable using newspapers as cover,\" said naik constable Deepak Dorlikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11691569", "title": "Babus tough act leave public distressed", "text": "JAIPUR: Going by the government figures, the Public Services Guarantee Act has been successful in expediting the delivery of public services.However, there's a flip side to the success story. In a bid to save time, most officials have become too rigid with the entire process to a point where they refuse to make even small allowances.Ram Raj Chaudhary has been making rounds of the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) for the past 10 days to get his son's birth certificate. \"Despite the record being available with the JMC, the officials have asked me to go the hospital and get it from there. To save a few minutes, I am being harassed,\" said Chaudhary.Hanumat Singh, a resident of Bhilwara, too has been facing a similar situation. Singh has been making innumerable rounds of the JMC office to collect the death certificate of his relative. \"It's been 20 days now, and I have still not got the certificate, despite producing all the required documents. The officials should be a little flexible and cooperate with people. They should also counsel the public on the rules and regulations,\" said an irritated Singh.Under the act, the concerned officer on failing to provide timely service will have to pay penalty. A minimum penalty of Rs 500 and a maximum of Rs 5,000 will be imposed on the officer for delay in providing services. While the provision has certainly increased the output of officers, it has left people like Chaudhary and Singh distressed, for whom the act is meant to be a help.Arun Kumar Kapoor, Citizen Care Centre incharge at Jaipur Development Authority however reasoned, \"Once the incomplete document is submitted, it becomes time consuming for the officer. As a result, other people also suffer. At JDA, we have appointed advisors to check the complete documents and assist the public.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11693389", "title": "South Asia Media Commission expresses concern over attack on TOI office", "text": "NEW DELHI: The South Asia Media Commission on Monday expressed serious concern over the attack on The Times of India's office in Mumbai last week, saying the incident proved that there was \"no thaw\" in targeting of media by non-state players due to perceived grievances against it.\"The attack on the office of Times of India group in Mumbai on Saturday is a matter of serious concern,\" K K Katyal, president of South Asia Media Commission, said in a statement.Suspected Shiv Sena workers had vandalized the reception area of TOI building apparently irked by a report in Marathi daily Maharashtra Times which reported that a sitting Sena MP was on his way to NCP. The newspaper belongs to the TOI group.\"The incident proved - if a proof was needed - that there is no thaw in the activities of non-state players in targeting the media because of their perceived grievances against published reports,\" he said.Holding that Mumbai has lived up to its \"notoriety\" because of recent anti-media cases, Katyal said the attacks on journalists by non-state sections is an \"India-wide phenomenon\".He said incidents against the media in the interior areas often do not get attention. Referring to arrests made by the Mumbai Police in the case, he said all those involved in the attack must be apprehended and cases must be taken to court expeditiously to get deterrent punishment for the accused.Police have arrested 28 people suspected to be Shiv Sena members. The Commission is an associate of South Asian Free Media Association (SAFMA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11691645", "title": "Jai Narayan Vyas varsity gets highest grant", "text": "JODHPUR: The Educational Multi-Media Research Centre (EMMRC) of Jai Narayan Vyas University, Jodhpur has been sanctioned highest grant among the 13 EMMRCs in the country. Though there are a total of 17 centres in the country, four of them have not been given any grant so far.The grant has been sanctioned for developing educational e-content under the National Mission on Education. After releasing a grant of Rs 28 lakh as first installment, the Jodhpur centre has now been sanctioned second installment Rs 28.05 lakh for development of e-content programmes to be uploaded on the website of UGC-CEC (Consortium of Educational Communication).The work for developing subject-wise educational films across all 13 EMMRCs is currently in progress. \"The Jodhpur centre had been entrusted with the task of shooting 300 e-content films for BCom students under this project, initiated by the human resource development ministry in 2010 and we have so far submitted 238 edited programs to the UGC-CEC, of which 115 programs have already been uploaded on its website,\" said N S Shekhawat, director of Jodhpur centre.\"Satisfied by timely execution of the task and quality content of the programmes under first phase, the centre was again given the responsibility for developing 35 programmes for BSc Hon (Electronics), 13 programmes for BSc (Agriculture), 115 programmes for BA (Marketing Management and Retail Business) and 99 programmes for BA (Management and Marketing of Insurance) under the second phase of the project 8 months back, which also have been developed and sent to the UGC-CEC,\" said C S Charan, project in-charge.Shekhawat said that the Kolkata centre stood next after Jodhpur among the 13 centres, which has been sanctioned a grant of Rs 26.65 lakh. Since August 2010, this centre has so far sent 500 programmes comprising 238 programmes of first phase and all 262 programmes under second stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11683360", "title": "I'm not typically Karan Johar: Karan Malhotra", "text": "Debutant director Karan Malhotra tells us what helped him strike gold at the BO with AgneepathDid you not want to cast Abhishek Bachchan as Vijay Dinananath Chauhan? Not really. Hrithik has the charm of a boy and the attitude of a man. Also, he has a certain vulnerability, which I was looking in my characterisation of Vijay Dinananth Chauhan.Did you not want to check on how Amitabh felt at your choice of Vijay? Since it wasn't his son... It was not a controversy as far as I was concerned.How did you keep the Karan Johar flavour out of your film? See, I have worked with Karan on My Name Is Khan. Not on K3G, KHNH and KANK. So that typical Karan flavour hadn't rubbed off on me. And trust me, he never interfered in the making.It was a huge responsibility handling his father's film... Absolutely. I was constantly aware of tof it. Remaking Agneepath was an emotional decision.How did Sanjay, Priyanka and Rishi get into the picture? For Kancha Cheena's role, I wanted someone who is larger than life and yet is charming. And before you say that I was inspired by Priyanka's Maharashtrian character in Kaminey, let me tell you that I am a big Priyanka Chopra fan. I loved her even in Andaaz. And how can I ever forget Fashion? But I didn't have an easy time casting Rishi Sir. He was very apprehensive. He kept changing his mind. He felt that he may s**** up the film if he failed to pull off a negative role.They say that the inclusion of Katrina Kaif was a last minute decision since you were nervous about box office collections... The song was not a last minute decision. I would say bringing in Katrina was a practical decision taken by Karan Johar to make the film as big as possible.And why no Mithun in the film? Simple. Nobody could have played Mithunda's role. It would have been stupid if I had attempted to put someone else in his shoes.Hrithik's character is too subtle... Nobody can do it the way Mr Bachchan did, and I would have wanted my Vijay to be subtle even if it wasn't Hrithik. I wanted the negative characters in my film to be bigger. This made Hrithik's victory seem bigger. There is no need of a Nehle Pe Dehla type of elocution competition in the film. Actually, Hrithik's character is similar to what I am - simple, short-tempered and stubborn (laughs).So tell us about you... I don't have too many friends. I only love watching films. I neither drink or smoke. I am actually a boring guy.Moral of the story - India loves drama - Dabangg, Singham, Agneepath... We Indians are dramatic by nature. We are intrinsically built like that. Foreigners may find us too sensitive and we may say they are insensitive.Is Agneepath 3 on the cards? No baba. Everybody died in the film (laughs). But yes, my next will be with Dharma Productions as well. I have a three-film-deal with Karan Johar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11692793", "title": "'Clean nullahs for pollution-free river'", "text": "PUNE: Mapping nullahs, ban on releasing sewage in nullahs, an audit of construction around city rivers and an improved storm water drainage system were some of the recommendations made by river experts at a panel discussion-cum-seminar on 'Gandhian approach to Pune rivers' restoration', held on Monday. College students gave presentations on the sad state of the Mula and Mutha rivers.The panel discussion was organised by the Pune chapter of the National Women's Organisation in association with the Shrishti Eco-Research Institute (SERI) at Aga Khan Palace on Ahmednagar Road.\"Cleaning nullahs, which eventually join the rivers, should be the top priority if a city wants to see a pollution-free water body. The problem should be solved where it is created and hence nullahs should be cleaned before they join the river,\" said Shyam Asolekar, professor, Centre for Environmental Science and Engineering, IIT, Powai, at the panel discussion.Anupam Saraph, who is working on channelisation of Devnadi river, said, \"The nullahs run in the city for about 450 km. They need to be mapped on a priority basis so that a proper plan can be developed for improving the present situation.\"Girish Dhingre, an expert in environmental management and an advisor to the Australian government in environment management bodies, said, \"An effective storm water management system can partly solve the problems of Pune's rivers. In most cities of Australia, storm water management is done effectively which helps keep rivers clean. Hence, a well-managed storm water drainage system will go a long way in dealing with the present problems of Pune.\"Rama Raut, a member of the National Ganga River Basin Authority, said, \"There is a need for formation of Maharashtra River Conservation Authority (MRCA) to look into curbing of pollution and conservation of rivers through holistic planning and management. The MRCA can be on the lines of the National Ganga River Basin Authority, which is the empowered planning, financing, monitoring and coordinating authority for the Ganga basin. The issue of cleaning the rivers of Maharashtra should be taken up immediately.\"Sandeep Joshi, director of SERI, said, \"There is a need for people's participation and work for clean rivers. Youth from various colleges and veterans will come together and have an informal dialogue on how to revive, restore and rejuvenate the rivers.\"Former union minister Jairam Ramesh, who was on a visit to the city in June, 2010, had expressed serious concern over the 'visible deterioration' of the Mutha river. He had urged the civic body to prepare a plan for preventing pollution of the river and start a river improvement project. Jairam Ramesh had even sent a letter to the then chief minister Ashok Chavan suggesting that if the state government comes up with a proposal to improve the condition of the river, the Union environment ministry would extend its support.During his visit to the city for a public consultation on the national green mission project, Ramesh had said that he had been visiting Pune for the past two decades and that in the last 10 years, he had seen a marked change in the condition of the river due to uncontrolled release of sewage.The main pollutants in Mutha river includes discharge of untreated domestic waste, industrial effluent, construction rubble and garbage. About 300 million litres of untreated sewage is released into the river every day. Encroachments have also come up in the river bed. The civic body treats about 71% of the sewage while the rest is discharged directly without treatment. The civic body says that about 700 MLD (million litres per day) sewage water is generated every day. It had proposed to take up a plan to discharge 100% sewage water.However, the project is yet to materialize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11693481", "title": "Chargesheet against Jigna to be delayed", "text": "MUMBAI: The supplementary chargesheet against journalist Jigna Vora in the J Dey murder case may be delayed for a week as investigating officer Ramesh Mahale is in Delhi preparing for Ajmal Kasab's case in the Supreme Court.The police are awaiting the forensic reports on Jigna's mobile and laptop. \"Whether FSL submits the reports or not, we will file the chargesheet soon,\" said a crime branch officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11692342", "title": "'Insulation, underground cabling to curb wildlife electrocution'", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) SK Khetrapal on Monday directed forest officials in Chandrapur to take up stringent measures to curb poaching through electrocution. He admitted that staff crunch in FDCM and lack of adequate attention towards wildlife led to the poaching of a tiger in FDCM Jharan range recently.Khetrapal was here to review preventive measures taken up following the tiger poaching incident.\"I directed the officials to stress on foot patrolling in the jungle. We are also considering urging the state power company to ensure that no electrocution takes place, before allowing erection of any new transmission line through forests in Chandrapur. Other counter measures such as insulation of electric cables, bunching and underground cabling to prevent electrocution were discussed in the meeting,\" he said.Khetrapal, however, maintained that underground cabling is a costly affair and costs around Rs25 lakh per km, while overhead transmission line costs around Rs4 lakh per km. \"I have also directed officials to keep close watch on unauthorized electric lines in private areas. There are chances of poachers laying electrocution trap on such unauthorized lines for wildlife,\" he told.Talking about the tiger poaching incident in Jharan range, he agreed that forest staffers of FDCM failed to take up adequate protection measures.\"They are running short of almost 50% of the total staff. The beat guard of the particular forest beat where poaching took place holds charge of two beats and additional charge of round officer. I have talked with the managing director of FDCM and asked him to recruit daily wage fire watchers and intensify patrolling in their areas,\" he said.He claimed that induction of fire watchers starts from February 15 and they will continue their services until the onset of monsoon.Khetrapal also stressed on keeping a close tab on the trip record of electricity supply lines. He said, \"We have asked MSEDCL to send an SMS immediately to concerned officers, whenever any incident of supply line tripping takes place.\"He added that it would help the foresters to check for electrocution if any in the concerned area. I have also directed the officers to intensify the patrolling in the forests, 2-3 days prior to the weekly market villages around. Even sniffer dog would be patrolled around in the weekly markets to detect if any wildlife meat is kept for sale.\"Officers also discussed the condition of water holes and availability of water in them, monitoring of tiger population and rehabilitation of village Kolsa, Ramdegi and Jamni out of TATR. Officers from Chandrapur circle, FDCM North Chandrapur and TATR were present in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "11692774", "title": "For him, bigger is better!", "text": "WARDHA: You see advertisements of products claiming to reduce obesity every day and people struggling with weight. But here's a man who has chosen to stay overweight and is, in fact, earning because of it.Narayan Agrawal, 32, runs a confectionary shop but has bagged many film roles especially due to his physical condition. His first film was Jai Mahakali, after which he did a Hindi film Mera Bharat, Dhawa Dhaw with Bharat Jadhav and Sasar Majha He Mandir.Agrawal started putting on weight when he was 15 and his weight soon touched 350 kg. \"His obesity is not hereditary. It is due a thyroid-related disease,\" said Narayan's younger brother Dhiraj, adding that Narayan's weight is constant now.Now, Agrawal will have a starring role in a Marathi film 'Ek sotya don gotya' which is based on the love story of a fat person. The story explores how an overweight man loves a girl and overcomes all obstacles to win her over. Vilas Gadgil is the director of the movie, which will be released in a few months. It is being shot in Yavatmal and other cities in Maharashtra.Gadgil said, \"When I met Narayan three years ago, I decided to make a movie on him.\" Narayan also featured in Gadgil's earlier movie Mera Bharat.Dhiraj says that despite his size, Narayan does not face any hurdles in day-to-day life.\"I enjoy my obesity. Though it hurt when people would ridicule me, I got used to it. And the film roles have given a new meaning to my life,\" Narayan said.speakoutnagpur@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11692156", "title": "Tiger traps in G'chiroli trigger alarm bells", "text": "NAGPUR: The two steel traps found in Venkatapetha in Pranhita forest range in Gadchiroli district a few days ago are a wake up call for the state forest department. They are also a refutation of forest officials' claim that there were no tigers in the tribal district.The steel traps were detected by the forest staff on Wednesday in Venkatapetha-Muyaboynapetha forests but the information was kept under wraps. Sources said the matter came to light when field staff found a steel trap in a bag hanging on a tree. Further search of the area led to another trap. Besides, three holes to lay traps were also found.Sources said the traps were similar to the ones made by Baheliyas of Katni in Madhya Pradesh. These traps are laid to poach tiger, leopard and sloth bears.Baheliyas were notorious for poaching and have entered Vidarbha forests in a big way. On December 23, a jackal died after it was caught in a similar trap near Loni village on Amravati-Akola highway near Karanja-Sohol sanctuary.\"Baheliyas operate at multiple locations. They carry tools to slaughter an animal and extract useful parts on the spot,\" an expert said.TSK Reddy, chief conservator of forests (CCF), Gadchiroli, did not respond to calls or SMS.This is not the first instance of poachers targeting Gadchiroli. Honorary wildlife warden of Gadchiroli MS Chouhan said forest officials always try to get away by claiming there are no tigers in Gadchiroli but the traps show poachers know of their presence.Nitin Desai, Central India director of WPSI, says, \"This is the hardest evidence of tiger presence in Gadchiroli. The suspected Baheliya gangs have a history of going to this area. Earlier also, there have been cases up to Eturunagram wildlife sanctuary in Warangal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11693286", "title": "Port ready to exchange land with Navy for elevated corridor", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Port Trust is ready to hand over land in Tondiarpet to the Navy, whose land on Kamarajar Salai is to be acquired for the Port-Maduravoyal elevated project, port officials said on Monday. The project, beset with land acquisition problems since the beginning, finally got stuck when the Navy refused to hand over the land near Gate 10 of the port compound. Chennai Port Trust chairman Atulya Mishra told TOI that \"land owned by the port trust near Tondiarpet could be exchanged for the prestigious project. We have already conveyed the message to the authorities concerned. As the project needs only a small portion of Navy land, I hope it will be settled soon.\" The alignment of the Rs 1,655 crore elevated corridor from Chennai Port to Maduravoyal is being finalized. Last week, Union shipping minister G K Vasan and highways minister C P Joshi discussed with state government officials the much-delayed 19km corridor that will have a 17km elevated stretch. The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), which is executing the project, has settled a part of the land acquisition.A senior NHAI official said the \"project is going to be the lifeline of Chennai port and one of the major solutions to reduce traffic congestion in the city. We were supposed to complete it by September 2013. The recent meeting with state government officials and the Union shipping and highways ministries was to ensure measures to finish land acquisition.\" The official added that they were yet to get a positive response from the Navy. \"Though we need only a small portion of Navy land to build the entry and exit ramps for the corridor, they are insisting on a complete takeover of the land, which is difficult for us within the estimated cost limits,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11694187", "title": "Mayawati in the fray from Cong, Bhutto a BSP candidate", "text": "LUCKNOW: In UP's Srinagar, Mayawati has her work cut out. The 55-year-old high school passout is certain her efforts will bear fruit; leading to a \"giant\" win. A Congress candidate from Lakhimpur Kheri's Srinagar reserved seat, she has nothing in common with BSP supremo and UP CM Mayawati. Being her namesake, however, this Mayawati says, may help.Names do matter.And namesakes are hoping to capitalize on the lucky coincidence. If there's one category that seems most popular, it's the names of national and international political leaders. Pakistan's former ruler Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto died 35 years ago, but UP election has brought him back in the form of Agra South's BSP contestant. There's a namesake of former Indian PM Chandrashekhar in the electoral fray as well. Chandrashekhar will test political waters as a Congress candidate from Bahraich. There's another Mayawati-like battle brewing in the SP camp. If SP leader Shivpal Yadav is contesting from his pocket borough in Etawah's Jaswantnagar, his namesake is preparing for a pitched battle on a Congress ticket from Unnao.Entertainers, too, have many takers. Ghazal singer Talat Aziz has made a comeback. Congress candidate from Maharajganj's Paniyara constituency, this Talat Aziz is a woman, apart from being a seasoned Congress politician.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11692874", "title": "Former Congress members now part of Mumbai 227", "text": "MUMBAI: There appears to be difference of opinion among citizen groups over the choice of candidates with a political background.It has been learnt that two candidates of the 82 fielded by Mumbai 227-Agnelo Fernandes from ward 182 (Sitladevi temple-Hinduja Hospital) in Mahim and Geeta Bhatia from ward 214 (Kamla Nehru Park-Raj Bhavan) at Malabar Hill have previously been with the Congress.Speaking to TOI, Bhatia (64) admitted to her decade-long association with the Congress. Mumbai 227, on its part, said the two candidates had a political past but had given up their membership before enrolling for the citizens' initiative.\"I was in the Congress for years. In 1997, I was given a corporation ticket from our area. But the next day, I saw my name missing and someone else's name figured on the list. I quit politics after that. I then stood as an Independent candidate from Breach Candy. The Anna Hazare movement suited my thoughts and I decided to stand as an Independent candidate again through Mumbai 227,\" said Bhatia.Fernandes, on the other hand, was a Youth Congress general secretary in Mumbai till August 17, 2010. \"I left the Congress in 2010 as I was not interested in working for the party. They never gave a platform as far as the minorities were concerned. I started an NGO, Mi Mahimkar Pratishthan, and have been working under that banner. There's no way I will go back to the Congress,\" said Fernandes.Criticizing the move by Mumbai 227, Aditya Paul, city coordinator of Mumbai Nagrik Manch, said: \"It's preposterous that a citizen forum is allowing its platform to be used to help boost the careers of former members of political parties. This reiterates our belief that only local citizens can select their candidates as prescribed in the Nagar Raj Bill and followed by us.\"However, Mumbai 227 panelist Anandini Thakoor said: \"What is the harm in fielding candidates who have had political affiliations in the past? There are some good workers in political parties.\"\"They were members of political parties but got disillusioned over the years,\" said Santosh Avatramani, Mumbai 227 spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11692771", "title": "Let us off poll duty: Jr college teachers", "text": "MUMBAI: Junior college teachers, who are being roped in as support staff on poll days, have requested the election commissioner and the BMC to exempt them from election duty.The reason they have cited is that they would be too busy at their institutions during that time as oral exams as well as practical sessions for Std-XII students will start from February 2.Amar Singh , president of Mumbai Junior College Teachers' Union, said almost all the 3,900 junior college teachers in the city had been put on election duty from February 16. Singh and his team met Aseem Gupta, municipal additional commissioner, who is in charge of the elections.\"Earlier, teachers were put on election duty by rotation. But now, there is more work and almost all the teachers have been asked to report for the job. However, we need to be exempted from it as we also have Std XII exam duties,\" said Singh. Theory exams for Std XII will begin on February 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11694043", "title": "Laughter University to come up in Bangalore", "text": "DHARWAD: To popularize laughter yoga and conduct advanced research on laughter therapy, the world's first Laughter University is all set to come up in Bangalore. According to International Laughter Club founder Madan Katari, the proposed varsity will come up on a 16-acre land near Devanahalli International airport in Bangalore. During the first stage, Rs 10 crore is being spent for infrastructure and more work would be taken up in days to come.The varsity will impart education on laughter yoga, which is getting popular not only in India but also abroad. He said, eminent medical practitioners from all-over the world will visit the varsity and conduct research on laughter therapy.Besides, they will also impart education on laughter and its necessity for a healthy life.Answering a query, he said, cases of high blood pressure, diabetes, arthritis are on the rise in India. Laughter yoga is one such therapy which can prevent the above diseases. However, there has not been much research and practice on this aspect in the past. The new varsity will facilitate the researchers take up advanced research and give productive tips to the society, he added.So far, the International Laughter Club has opened 10,000 laughter clubs in 70 countries including in India and a large section of people have found solutions to their diseases, Madan claimed.A laughter procession was taken out from Swami Vivekananda circle up to Akkana Balaga hall in Dharwad. Nearly, 30 art teams participated in the procession. Additional deputy commissioner Noor Mansur flagged off the procession.Laughter not only provides a full-scale workout for your muscles, but it also unleashes a rush of stress-busting endorphins. What's more, your body can't distinguish between real and fake laughter - any giggle will do, says Madan Katari. Children laugh about 400 times a day whereas adults manage a miserable 15. A laughter therapist's aim is to help you laugh more easily. Kataria set up the first laughter club in 1995. There are now more than 5,000 laughter clubs worldwide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11693392", "title": "DGP to explain the absence of FIRs", "text": "Bombay High Court directed the director-general of police to file an affidavit on why the police was unwilling to file a first information report (FIR) in several cases. The court said it observed this happens despite a cognisable offence disclosed in oral complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11687035", "title": "Yamaho Yama is a socio fantasy with a difference", "text": "The shooting of the third schedule \" Yamaho Yama\" has recently begun in Adoni region of Kaurnool district.Director Y Jitender sounded pretty upbeat about the progress the film has made so far, \"We have had many films in the past that have explored stories with \"Yama\", the lord of death, but our flick is going to stand out. It's a socio fantasy with a difference. In the film, Chitragupta happens to visit America and all hell breaks lose. Srihari's performance as Yama is going to a big highlight of the film.\" Sai Ram Shankar and Parvati Melton are playing the lead roles in the movie scheduled for a summer release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11693386", "title": "Dog bylaws stay on paper", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The contentious ban on more than two dogs per household in the city remains on paper even one-and-a-half years of its notification. The violations of the mandatory dog registration process of the municipal corporation go unchecked.Only 2,700 dogs have been registered with the authority till date though the number is much more, said sources. Several crucial clauses had been mentioned in the dog bylaws notified by the Chandigarh administration in June 2010.The issue has been discussed many times in the monthly house meetings of the MC and the municipal councillors had directed the MC officials to implement the clauses, construct a dog pound, and keep a check on stray dogs. However, the authority continued to be lenient in its approach.Chairman of Federation Of Sectors Welfare Association Chandigarh (FOSWAC) P C Sanghi said, \"We keep on receiving and discussing dozens of complaints of dog bites and the issue of stray dogs. The matter has been brought to the notice of UT and MC officials, but they do nothing.\"The dog bylaws were formed in 2007 and passed by the house later. These were sent to the Chandigarh administration and after public opinion, UT had approved the bylaws last year.MC sources said that compulsory lifetime registration of pet dogs can be done by depositing a licence fee of Rs 200 in the office of the MC medical officer of health.Additional commissioner Sunil Bhatia said, \"We have doing our best to implement the dog bylaws across the city but staff shortage is keeping us down.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11693524", "title": "Mamata denies negligence behind crib deaths", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday dismissed the opposition charge that the recent crib deaths in state-run hospitals in Malda and Murshidabad were due to medical negligence.\"In Malda, 8,000 babies are born outside hospitals. In Murshidabad too, non-institutional births run into several thousands. These babies who are brought to hospitals do not die due to negligence. But if negligence occurs, the guilty will be punished,\" Banerjee said.Pointing out that a large number of women in rural areas are married off before 18, she said in most cases, their children weigh 500 to 600 gm.\"This (early marriage) is a social disease. But if they are referred to state-run hospitals, we cannot refuse them admission,\" she said adding those who are criticising the government over the infant deaths are doing so to \"malign\" it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11691618", "title": "Assembly polls: High turnout in Punjab, Uttarakhand fuels suspense", "text": "NEW DELHI: A record voter turnout of 77% in Punjab and high 70% polling in Uttarakhand threw political parties into a tizzy as the current round of assembly polls reaches the half-way mark with a major four-cornered contest looming in UP besides a smaller, but no less hard fought showdown in Goa.Punjab's massive turnout, which shattered the previous record of 75%, has given rise to speculation about a \"wave\". The voting can also mean both Congress and the Akali-BJP combine have mobilized their bases well. Frustratingly, results will remain shrouded in suspense till March 4 when votes will be counted.Previously, high voter turnouts were often associated with anti-incumbency sentiment but with state governments in Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, Gujarat, Orissa and Haryana managing to return to power in recent years, conventional wisdom has been revised.The clash in Punjab is between Akali patriarch Parkash Singh Badal and Congress's Amarinder Singh while in Uttarakhand, chief minister B C Khanduri hopes to pull off an upset win over Congress which has not projected a leader.The long lines at polling booths also seem to indicate that despite anti-politician movements like Team Anna's Lokpal stir that seeks to run down the authority of elected legislatures, grassroots democracy is alive and kicking. Lokpal and corruption are poll issues, but there is no cynicism about the political process.Good weather belied fears of low voter turnout in Uttarakhand and in both states polling was largely incident free. With elections to Manipur concluded on January 28, polling will end in UP on February 28 while Goa will have a one-day poll on March 3. Votes to all five elections will be counted on March 4.Monday's enthusiastic polling did not provide many clues to voter behaviour. Congress hoped incumbency factors combined with local graft and nepotism would help it trounce the Akali-BJP combine in Punjab and BJP in Uttarakhand. BJP has sought to dodge the barbs by dragging scams dogging the UPA at the Centre into the poll discourse. BJP hopes a negative mood against Congress as indicated by opinion polls will help its cause.Congress is seen to have an edge in Punjab while the odds seem evenly balanced in Uttarakhand where BJP is banking on Khanduri, a former general, to marshal its fortunes after projecting the leader as \"Mr Clean\". Both parties have a rebel problem and many observers feel the elections are too close to call.The big battle, billed as the clash of titans, is in UP where campaigning is gathering momentum with the first of a seven-phase election getting underway on February 4. The stakes are high for Congress, BJP, BSP and SP as the polls could not only decide who rules UP, but can impact the Centre too.Congress is hoping that a decent result will lead to an alliance with SP at the state and Centre, providing much-needed insurance in Lok Sabha against demanding and mercurial allies like the Trinamool Congress. If Congress does not do well, it may well look even more vulnerable than it has in the past year.All three members of the Gandhi family - Sonia, Rahul and Priyanka - are expected to be in UP over the next week. Sonia is to address rallies in Gonda and Deoria while Priyanka is expected to camp at Amethi-Rae Bareli from February 2 to 9 as Rahul continues to criss-cross the state.If Congress's first family is taking no chances in an election seen as a test of Rahul Gandhi's leadership skills, BJP is doing all it can to check its rival by aggressively canvassing upper caste-OBC support - a strategy that hinges on attacking Congress's promise for a minority sub-quota within 27% backward caste reservation.BJP and Congress are seen to be competing for the \"third slot\" and the intensity of the fight can only indicate how fierce the rivalry between main contenders BSP and SP is. Chief minister Mayawati and SP boss Mulayam Singh Yadav have promised all manner of sops for all sections even as they woo minorities in particular apart from their respective vote banks.The poll winds are blowing hard and the electoral cauldron is churning, but it is not easy to discern who could be the winner apart from SP being seen to be in the lead. While projections for SP vary between 140 to 170 seats in a House of 403, the party will be well short of majority. BJP optimists feel the party can give BSP a run for the second slot while Congress strategists are hoping the 22 Lok Sabha seats the party won in 2009 is no flash in the pan.There is also the possibility that the elections may yield no viable combination in case Congress and SP don't make up the numbers and BJP refuses to ally with BSP. In such a situation, UP will be headed for president's rule - a deadlock that in the past has been broken by mass defections.Goa is a small state, but elections are being fought hard with no quarters given with Congress's Digambar Kamat looking to hold on to power. Congress is hopeful of a victory with its main challenger BJP weakened by infighting. BJP leader and former chief minister Manohar Parrikar has lost some sheen after it was felt that he let off the Kamat government over illegal mining scams in the state.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11694111", "title": "NMPT plans safety measures for ERP", "text": "MANGALORE: New Mangalore Port Trust is planning to include safety measures in the ongoing enterprise resource planning project under implementation at port, its chairman P Tamilvanan said here on Monday. Inaugurating the two-day 28th conference of inspectors of dock safety organized by Directorate General Factory Advice and Labour Institutes (DGFASLI), Tamil Vanan said port is committed to follow all the safety guidelines from DGFASLI.Delivering the keynote address, S B Mathur, deputy director general of DGFASLI, emphasized the need for educating the working class in the port sector to follow safety norms so as to reduce accidents in port operations.Inspectors from all major ports are participating in the conference, where various technical matters on dock safety at major ports and amendments/ recommendations required at the respective departments will be discussed.T S N Murthy, NMPT deputy chairman, said safety measures followed by \"our forefathers\" are still relevant in modern days.He underlined the importance of adaptation for change, which is important for successful implementation of safety measures. In his presidential address, M Rajaram, chief inspector of dock safety (DGFASLI), highlighted the need for simulator to be included in port operations training.The Dock Workers (Safety, Health and Welfare) Act (1986) and the Regulations (1990), there under, covers safety health and welfare aspects of workers engaged in the dock work like loading and unloading of cargo on board and on shores, handling of materials in warehouses, yards.The Act is applicable to all major ports, and DGFASLI has been entrusted with the responsibility of enforcing it through offices located in 11 major ports.Theses inspectorates carry out activities, which include inspection of ships, tankers, lifting appliances, loose gears, docks, terminals, and container yards. In addition to this the inspectorates have also been entrusted with responsibility of enforcing the Manufacture, Storage, Handling and Import of Hazardous Chemicals (MSHIC) Rules (1989), under which the Inspectorates have to carry out the inspection of hazardous installations on port premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11692955", "title": "Spurious ghee factory busted near Motera", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Chandkheda police cracked down on a factory producing spurious ghee in Motera on Monday morning following a tip-off and nabbed a man with goods worth Rs 1.68 lakh. Police found 70 tins of ghee that were to be supplied to various parts of the city as 'desi ghee', and have started searching for the agents and buyers of adulterated ghee.According to Chandkheda police station officials, they got a tip-off about a ghee production unit in Bharwadvaas of Motera village. A team of police kept a watch on the spot for two days and when they found the activities suspicious, they raided the spot on Monday morning.\"We arrested Ashwin Patel, a resident of Chandkheda, from the spot who had come in an autorickshaw to get one lot of packed tins. Upon searching the premises, we found 64 packed and six opened tins of 15 kilograms each. We also found large utensils and goods such as colour and essence used in the process of producing the concoction of vegetable ghee, desi ghee, soy oil, artificial colour and essence. He would later sell the tins to retailers who would brand it and sell it in the open market or to consumers placing large orders such as caterers and hotels,\" said a Chandkheda police station official.Police said that Patel was earlier a farmer who had turned into a ghee trader for the last six months.Earlier, Isanpur police had arrested Surendrasingh Rajput, his son Kapilsingh and servant Karanprasad Gupta, all natives of Uttar Pradesh and currently living in Hatkeshwar, from Govindwadi in Isanpur with fake ghee worth Rs 63,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11694059", "title": "Power cut stumps Imran mid-sentence at book fair", "text": "KOLKATA: Suave and articulate , Imran Khan is never at a loss for words. He never has been, even as captain of the Pakistani team after losing a crucial match.On Monday, though, the Oxford-educated Pakistani cricketer-turned-politician was stumped mid-sentence . \"Fundamentalists in every country should be treated intellectually . Never fight with guns. Terror... \" the sentence never got completed. For, the auditorium had plunged into darkness.For 60 tense seconds, the huge auditorium at Kolkata Book Fair remained in pitch darkness, giving security staff goose pimples as the frontrunner in the next general elections in Pakistan stood helplessly on the dais, vulnerable and exposed to attack from an unruly crowd.Though book fair organizers later claimed they had switched off the lights to enable Imran to make a safe exit, security officers brushed it off with contempt, saying it was a major security breach at the high-profile event.\"What if someone was intent on mischief and had evil designs? It was the perfect opportunity to target Imran who is tipped to be Pakistan's next prime minister. Even otherwise , with fans and media persons eager to get close to him, he could have been injured,\" a security officer said.Unfazed by the incident, Publishers &amp; Booksellers Guild (PBG) general secretary Tridib Chatterjee said he had ordered the power to the main auditorium to be switched off at 5.58pm so that Imran could be escorted out under the cover of darkness.That, though, didn't happen . Imran stood frozen on the stage, confronted by an advancing crowd of fans. Even emergency lights weren't there. It was only when videographers switched on their camera lights that securitymen jumped to Imran's side. He was escorted out once the lights returned after a minute.Guild brass at odds over blackoutKOLKATA: Publishers &amp; Booksellers Guild (PBG) general secretary Tridib Chatterjee denied there was a security breach. \"This was planned so that we could disperse the mob and take him (Imran Khan) out. Also, those scheduled to use the hall next were waiting for nearly 45 minutes beyond the appointed hour. We had to conclude Imran's programme and switching off the power was the best way to end it,\" said Chatterjee.His claims were, however, contradicted by PBG seminar convener Sribendu Bhattacharjee. \"There was a fault that led to tripping of the switch that supplies power to the auditorium,\" the man in charge of the hall said. Last year, too, there was a blackout at the book fair.Officials of West Bengal Trade Promotion Organisation and CESC confirmed that a fault had led to the blackout. \"Power to the main hall as well as those illuminating the grounds and internal roads went off after a 230 volt LT breaker switch in the WBPTO transformer tripped. It could have happened due to overload or equipment malfunction,\" an electrical engineer present at the control room said.Though a generator restored power within a minute, there was another blackout for a couple of seconds as the generator was switched off and power source transferred to the main line after the breaker switch had been flipped on.Monday's incident ensured that Kolkata's embarrassing tryst with blackouts in big events continues. There have been multiple blackouts at Salt Lake , one last year during a press conference after the Argentina-Venezuela encounter, another the year earlier. In 2004, power had gone off for 30 minutes during an India-Japan World Cup qualifier. In Eden Gardens, too, power had gone off during a match in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11691549", "title": "Low popularity for Act due to lack of awareness", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan Guaranteed Delivery of Public Services Act 2011 might be a move in the right direction but the state government needs to do much more in creating awareness on it. The chief minister's directives to his team to promote the newly introduced Act in the state seems to have yielded little results as officials themselves admit that the number of applications under the Act are fewer than expected; the main reason being lack of awareness.The act was enforced in the state on November 14 last year. Though the officials have received 1.87 lakh applications in the state capital alone, they admit that the figure should actually be much more.\"We were expecting a flood of applications under the Act but that is not the case as yet. Only a selected educated few are filing applications against the hundreds of general complaints we received,'' said a senior official of the power department, admitting that if the number of complaints were to turn into formal applications, the burden of the department would increase by many folds.Though the department put up boards with information about the services covered under the Act but there are no printed material and pamphlets available in the 15 departments which could assist the applicants in gaining complete information about the right given to them under the Act.Of the 1.87 lakh applications filed for 124 services under 15 various government departments till January 15, government officials claimed that 1.76 lakh applications were disposed off in the set time period. Around 10,433 cases are still pending.They claim that the time period to dispose off the 10,433 applications is not over yet. The state government has set a time limit for a work under which a government employee has to complete the work. The government officials claimed that Act is successfully implemented.\"There were only 8 first appeals filed, which shows that the government officials are taking their work seriously and completing their work in the set time period. If he does not complete the work in the set time period, he will be fined as per the Act. Like for issuing a ratio card, a responsible government employee can take 7 days time. If he exceeds it, he could be fined for it,\" district nodal (RGDPS) Act officer Sanwar Lal Verma said. Among these eight appeals, five were filed in Jaipur Municipal Corporation, two in revenue department and one in Public Health and Engineering Department.Verma claimed that the government is also making people aware about the Act. \"We are organizing essay writing and quiz competition on RGDPS Act in schools of the district at sub division and district level,\" he said.However, a few at the Jaipur Municipal Corporation, Jaipur Development Authority, PHED and other offices were found to be aware about their rights under the act. One Kamal Shamra, who came to procure learners driving license at transport department office said: \"I don't know about the Act.\"As per the Act, it is after two days of passing test for learning licence that the transport department has to issue the license to the applicant. If the department failed to do so, the person will be fined for not disposing the work in time.Social activist Vijay Goyal said: \"There is little awareness in the first place and worse, in many cases the authorities refuse to register appeals against officials.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11692335", "title": "Cong list on hold as rift with NCP still on", "text": "NAGPUR: The Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party continued their battle of wits over seat-sharing arrangement for municipal elections on Monday. Tuesday being the last date for filing of nomination papers, it is clear that all prospective candidates of the two parties will be filing their papers without the mandatory B-form that gives them the status of the official party nominee.Congress leaders indicated that the list of candidates was being finalized in Mumbai and would be released only on February 1. Both parties were keen on having a pre-poll alliance for most of the ten cities going to polls. They did arrive at an agreement weeks ahead. Once again, seat-sharing proved to be their undoing at least in Nagpur where the Congress unit is notorious for violating discipline.While senior leaders of the two parties including chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar had to step in for allotting quota for NCP and Congress, the local units failed to finalise seats for each party. The NCP got 29 seats in the alliance while the Lokmanch gets nine and the RPI factions five. Repeated round of talks in last two days failed to resolve differences over which 29 seats the NCP would get.AICC general secretary Vilas Muttemwar , who heads the selection panel for NMC candidates, said MLAs and prominent leaders from the city would meet Tuesday morning and clear at least sixty candidates. \"By evening seniors would join and clear names for the remaining candidates for the 145-member civic house.\"Asked about the prevailing disputes over some seats and ex-MLA Anees Ahmed creating trouble over tickets given to his detractors by NCP, city Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta, who is camping in the state capital said the CM and the MPCC president will settle the row by Tuesday.\"I am expecting to return with B-forms by Wednesday so that official nominees can file them by February 3 deadline,\" said Gupta. That is also the last date for withdrawal and the party will have only till 3 pm of Friday to see that partymen denied ticket got out of the fray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11693056", "title": "Maha No. 1 in domestic violence cases: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: Maharashtra reported the highest number of domestic violence cases in 2010-11 of which economic abuse was the most rampant, followed by the southern states of Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, a study has found. While Andhra reported higher number of physical abuse cases, Karnataka was evenly placed in cases of economic and physical abuse.Maharashtra reported 2,433 cases followed by Andhra with 1,174 cases and Karnataka with 1,013 cases. Madhya Pradesh (882) and Kerala (631) followed.The findings are part of an analysis of orders issued by the magistrate and sessions courts between April 2010 to March 2011. The pattern of violence and abuse are included in the '5th Monitoring and Evaluation Report on the Protection of Women from Domestic Violence Act'. The study in 16 states was done by the Lawyers Collective Women's Rights Initiative in collaboration with the International Centre for Research on Women and UN Women.Protection of Women from Domestic Violence Act was passed in 2005 to address the gap between the guarantee of the Constitution of equal rights and the gender based discrimination which women faced in their homes. Over 7,500 orders were analyzed, the largest number of cases were filed by married women followed by divorced women and widows. While the number of women in \"relationship in the nature of marriage\" is small, the study noted that the largest number of cases was in Delhi and the courts had been sympathetic to women in their orders in such cases.Physical violence along with emotional and verbal abuse was the most common form of domestic violence that women experienced followed closely by economic abuse. The survey also found that courts had increasingly begun to recognize a woman's right to reside in the shared household.The report, however, did not paint a very rosy picture of the budget allocation, pointing out that 19 states did not have a specific scheme related to implementation of the DV Act. Of the states that had allocated budgets, the allocation ranged from Rs 2 lakh in Meghalaya to Rs 5 crore in Karnataka. However, the trends in expenditure were not flattering with Karnataka reporting 48% expenditure in 2010-2011. Spending had dropped over the last three years in the state as it had with MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11693341", "title": "North cold waves causing dip in Colaba temperature", "text": "MUMBAI: Colaba on Monday recorded a minimum temperature lower than Santa Cruz.Weather experts have an explanation for the dip in Colaba. \"The northern plains are getting cold waves. Mumbai region is getting north to north-westerly winds, which have been bringing the cold southwards. This is why the temperatures in Colaba too have gone down too.\"Even the day-time temperatures remained cool with Colaba recording 27.6 degree Celsius and Santa Cruz a little higher 28.6 degree Celsius on Monday.Commenting on the lowest minimum temperature records, Rajeev said: \"Though all records are available with the IMD, it is Santa Cruz's readings that are representative of Mumbai,\" he said. Santa Cruz generally records more extreme weather conditions than Colaba. It is Santa Cruz records that are taken into consideration for the highest maximum and lowest minimum of each month every year.For the next two days however, the city can expect similar weather. \"The maximum and minimum temperatures can be expected to be around 29 and 13 degree Celsius respectively till Wednesday,\" the regional IMD website said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11693949", "title": "Pak author says it's time to move past Satanic Verses", "text": "\"Salman Rushdie should have apologized; a writer's freedom does not translate to hurting others' feelings,\" says Qaisra Shahraz, the author of Pakistani origin, who has just returned from the Jaipur Literature Festival that was hijacked by the 'Satanic' controversy.In Kochi to inaugurate the DC International Book Fair, this 'English Muslim writer of Pakistani origin'- her own description with the order of identities intact- feels literature should be a bridge to connect and not divide, especially in matters related to faith. \"A writer should have some responsibility, and faith is a very sensitive topic. Muslims across the world are protective about the religion. There is always respect for the Holy Quran and the Prophet. But I admire Rushdie as a writer and I feel it is high time the issue is done with.\"Dressed in a red and white salwar kameez, Qaisra looks every bit the England-educated Asian woman, westernized in her manners and accent , yet rooted in the tradition of a culture-rich land. Author of best-selling 'The Holy Woman' and 'Typhoon' that dealt with issues like gender justice, Qaisra says it is her childhood in Pakistan that created the base for her novels. Though her novels and short stories have Islamic faith and customs as the centre theme, Qaisra's words have never fired any controversy regarding religion, even in Pakistan, Indonesia and Turkey . Her books have been translated into many languages including Mandarin and the Urdu version will soon be released in India and Pakistan.The Malayalam translation of 'Typhoon' was released on Monday. Qaisra was ecstatic about her first visit to the state during which she visited the Calicut University before coming to Kochi. \"My travels across the world always teaches me something, whether it be in Fiji, Abu Dhabi, Boston or Poland . Kerala taught me the beauty of merging tradition with modernity and this state is surely going to give me a story.\"Her yet-to-be-titled next novel is about mixed marriages, and the fourth one, 'Silence' will take up honour killings as the central theme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11693852", "title": "Inquiry panel begins investigation", "text": "LUCKNOW: The two-member inquiry committee, constituted by the state government for a detailed investigation of the IAS-IPS spat in Basti which took place on January 26, 2012, started its probe. In Lucknow, a delegation of Uttar Pradesh Indian Police Services' Officers Association (UPIPSOA) met chief secretary Anoop Misra to apprise him of the developments after his return from an official outstation visit. The delegation pressed for its demand of written apology from the senior IAS for his misconduct with the IPS officer.Later, secretary of the UPIPSOA Arun Kumar told TOI that the CS assured the delegation that he would look into the matter and initiate all possible steps to address the grievances of the Association. \"He has, in principal, agreed that the posting of police station in charge will be done as per the police manual which does not permit the DM to quash the orders of the district police chief in such matters,\" Arun Kumar said.\"On the assurances of the chief secretary the Association has decided to call off any further agitation in connection with the issue,\" he said.At least six IPS officers submitted their resignations with the UPIPSOA on Sunday after the state government ordered the transfer of IPS officer Mohit Gupta from his post of Superintendent of Police (SP) Siddharthnagar. Another 12 odd-IPS officers also informed the Association that they would resign en-mass if no action was initiated against the commissioner, Basti division for his poor conduct with the IPS officer. Since the Association had also approached the Election Commission of India (ECI) regarding the issue, the EC on Sunday night directed the state government to transfer the senior IAS officer out of Basti and keep him off election related duties.The entire controversy came out in the open on January 26, 2012 when the Basti divisional commissioner Anurag Srivastava allegedly gave SP Siddharthnagar a dressing down using foul language and when the officer objected to it, the senior IAS asked him to \"get out\" of the meeting hall. After the incident came to the knowledge of the UPIPSOA, it brought the matter to the notice of the top government officials and the ECI demanding a written apology from the senior IAS and his transfer out of Basti.The situation became worse when the state government transferred SP Mohit Gupta out of Siddharthnagar itself while no action was initiated against the commissioner concerned on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11691734", "title": "Rs 30 lakh stolen from hotel room after duping staff", "text": "JAIPUR: Two unidentified men got a duplicate electronic key issued for a room in a prominent hotel and stole cash and jewellery worth nearly Rs 30 lakh belonging to a Mumbai-based businessman on Sunday.The victim and his wife had come to Jaipur to attend a wedding. The two men posed as relatives of the businessman in his absence at the hotel and duped the hotel staff at the reception into giving them the duplicate keys.The police, who got the CCTV footages, don't rule out the possibility of some insider involvement in the theft.The thieves stayed hardly 30 minutes in the hotel. The incident took place at Hotel Park Prime on Sarojini Marg in C-Scheme.According to the police, the 60-year-old businessman, Mahendra Bejaria, runs a photo colour lab firm in Mumbai. \"He and his wife had come to Jaipur on Sunday morning to attend a marriage that was to take place on Monday night. They left the hotel around 5 pm on Sunday to attend the engagement ceremony,\" said assistant commissioner of police, Ashok Nagar, Surendra Sagar.\"Around 7 pm, two men approached the hotel staff at the reception and said that the businessman had lost his key to the room on the sixth floor and wanted to have a duplicate electronic key,\" said the officer.The hotel staff, believing them to be genuine, immediately issued the key to the two men, said the officer, adding that it was a negligence on part of the hotel management to issue key to some strangers without verifying their credentials.The two men then opened the room allotted to Mahendra. \"They managed to open the two suitcases in which the jewellery was kept. The suitcases were protected with security codes, but they managed to break them. They took away two necklaces, five gold rings, bangles and some other items. They then broke open a locker in the room from where they stole Rs 90,000 in cash. The total items stolen are worth Rs 30 lakh,\" said the officer.Police said that the businessman returned about 1 am on Sunday and could not open the lock using his key. \"The hotel management was informed. When they went inside, they found the jewellery and cash missing and informed the police,\" said the officer.The officer said that it could be the job of anyone and involvement of some hotel employees also cannot be ruled out.\"We have gone through the footages and are trying to identify the thieves. We have got some clues and hope to crack the case soon,\" said ACP Sagar.The businessman said that he could not even imagine that things could be stolen from a hotel like this. \"I am shocked and don't know what to do,\" said Mahendra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11693884", "title": "State govt bows down to varsity teachers pressure", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a meeting held between the Teachers of Lucknow University and Associated Colleges (LUACTA) and state higher education officials, on Monday, it was decided that no recovery of HRA, CCA arrears paid to them from December 1, 2008 to March 11, 2010 will be done. However, the decision has been postponed for at least a month.The government rolled back its decision keeping in view the forthcoming assembly elections and the already existing model code of conduct. Teachers will get the pay scale as they were, and no recovery will be done from our side,'' said LUACTA president, Manoj Pandey.Confirming the decision, special secretary, higher education, Anita Mishra said: Since the pay cheques for the teachers were already made, we have decided to postpone the decision at least for a month.'' However, she did not reveal as to when the issue will be taken up next. The meeting was held in the presence of higher education director Ramanand Prasad who had recently issued the recovery order. Teachers, however, smelled foul and said that the government was under pressure because of upcoming elections. It was the question of their vote bank, teachers' threat to boycott examinations and elections forced the government to take their decision back. Any decision on this will be taken as soon as the next government comes,'' said a teacher.To recall, teachers had taken up a fight with the government following an order issued by higher education director, Ramanand Prasad. As per the letter, all regional higher education officers are asked to recover the extra amount paid to the teachers before March 11, 2010. Vexed with the decision, teachers have given the ultimatum of three days to the government to roll back their decision, else they will boycott the upcoming annual examinations.The state government on February 28, 2009 issued a government order that stated that teachers will get arrears of House Rent Allowance (HRA), Compensatory City Allowance (CCA) from December 1, 2008 onwards. The letter reads that the changes have been done in accordance with the state government employees. However, another order issued on November 5, 2011 made amendments in the date, that is, March 11, 2010, from which teachers was supposed to get the arrears.Former LUACTA president, Moulindu Mishra said: As per the order, teachers were treated at par with the government employees. Hence, the benefits in getting HRA, CCA were in accordance.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11692877", "title": "Customs cop held over dowry demands", "text": "PUNE: The Delhi police on Monday arrested the inspector of the central customs and excise department, Pune, Sanjeev Dahiya (30) of Koregaon Park, for allegedly subjecting his wife Reena to cruelty over dowry demands.A magisterial court here has sent Dahiya to transit police custody till February 2 to enable the police to produce him in court in New Delhi. Dahiya was staying at his friend's residence in the excise officials' quarters at Koregaon Park at the time of his arrest.Dahiya was a sub-inspector with the Delhi police. A resident of New Delhi, he was later selected as a customs and central excise inspector and posted in Pune.He married Reena on November 24, 2005. The couple has son and a daughter. The relations between the couple had turned sour after Dahiya and his family members had allegedly started demanding dowry, such as a plot to construct a house, a car and money.Reena's brother Satish Kumar , who was present in the court, claimed that his family had given Dahiya Rs 5 lakh in a fixed deposit and a motorcycle at the time of the marriage, but Reena was still being harassed by her husband and others over dowry demands.Kumar alleged that his sister was starved and ill-treated physically and mentally, following which she lodged a complaint against Dahiya and his family members with the Nanakpura police station in New Delhi on August 16, 2008.Assistant sub-inspector Sumedha of the crime against women cell at Nanakpura, who was also present before the court, told TOI that Dahiya was arrested after seeking permission from the deputy commissioner of police Suman Nalwa of the special unit for women and children under sections 498 (a) (subjecting women to cruelty) and 406 (criminal breach of trust) of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11693076", "title": "Ex-judge gets Rs 5L relief for missed flight", "text": "CHENNAI: A former judge of the Madras high court, who missed a flight due to the negligence of the airline's ground staff, has been awarded a compensation of Rs 5 lakh. The state consumer forum also asked the airline to refund his airfare of Rs 4,682.Justice S Jagadeesan, a former chairman of the Intellectual Property Appellate Board as well, was to fly from Chennai to Coimbatore on April 28, 2010 on a Spicejet flight. The flight was scheduled to leave at 8.45am.After going through the security check, he was at the waiting lounge when the first announcement for boarding was made. As there was a long queue to board the flight, a member of the ground staff, on knowing Jagadeesan's identity, requested him to wait and assured that he would take him once the rush was over.Justice Jagadeesan waited in the lounge till 8.40am, under the impression that there was an unscheduled delay in departure as the ground staff failed to turn up to take him. He then went to the boarding gate and was told the boarding process for the flight was already over. There was no final announcement through the public address system nor any phone call to his mobile phone before the boarding gate was closed.As he was not allowed to board, Justice Jagadeesan sent a legal notice to the airline the next day and a rejoinder to its reply. When there was no further response, he filed a complaint before the state consumer commission.He said if a passenger has not turned up for boarding after checking in, the conventional procedure is for the ground staff of the airline to check among those waiting in the lounge and try to trace the missing passenger. However, none of this was done in his case, Justice Jagadeesan said. Instead, the flight attendant at the gate tore off his boarding pass and kept it with her. When he insisted that she give him a letter stating that he did not travel, she made an endorsement on his ticket, he said.During the proceedings before the consumer forum, the airline was not represented despite notices being served on March 2, 2011 and March 30, 2011. Hence, in an ex parte order, the bench of A K Annamalai, presiding member (judicial), and member S Sambandam ordered that a compensation of Rs 5 lakh be paid to Justice Jagadeesan for causing mental agony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11693343", "title": "BJP asks govt to reveal 'decision process' in Devas deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP has demanded that the government reveal the \"actual decision process\" behind the scrapped Antrix-Devas deal as the scientists who have been blacklisted could not have been solely responsible for concluding the controversial agreement.\"The government is not revealing the actual decision-making process which has resulted in huge loss despite inquiries in 2010 and 2011. It is spending time on cover-ups\", BJP spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman said.Sitharaman asked why UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi were \"silent\" on corruption charges against the government. \"Despite the UPA chairperson and the general secretary of Congress being keen on fighting corruption, they are not answering questions. They are going around the country saying they are fighting corruption. Please give us answers for all these,\" she said.With the row between former ISRO chief Madhavan Nair and the government refusing to die down with several influential members of the scientific community backing the banned scientists and Nair demanding that action against him and his colleagues be withdrawn, BJP has demanded that details of an inquiry ordered by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh be made public.The BJP spokesperson insisted that the buck could not stop with the scientists. \"If an estimated Rs 2 lakh crore loss has been caused by a decision taken by the government, it certainly could not have been taken by just a few scientists, however senior they may be,\" she said.Sitharaman drew comparisons to the 2G telecom scam and said that in the Devas deal too, it has been claimed that the \"government has been fully and at every stage informed about it. In fact, Madhavan Nair has also said the government was informed at every stage.\"Charging the government of ducking questions in Parliament, she said, \"It is very strange that inspite of repeated questions in Parliament, we find this government finding it more comfortable to go to election rallies to talk about corruption. We occasionally see a scapegoat, whether it is in the case of 2G A Raja going to the jail. In S-band, is it just Madhavan Nair, who is actually the decision-maker? We do not have answers from the prime minister's office.\"Rather than tracing and revealing the culpability of persons in high offices, Congress was defaming institutions like ISRO, the BJP leader said. \"Congress, even in this matter, has only resorted to diluting and defaming institutions... This country's scientists have a massive contribution to make.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11692603", "title": "Let the child decide what to eat", "text": "Mothers who turned up for the Mumbai for Kids' health and nutrition event on Sunday went home a lot relieved after learning that they need not worry about their children's nutrition much. Nutrition consultant Rujuta Diwekar, after all, explained to the group that it is important for them to respect a child's taste buds.Most parents who attended the event had problems with their children's eating patterns. While some were worried about their child's aversion to milk, cheese and ice creams, some complained that their child never felt hungry at all. Diwekar had one solution for the spectrum of problems-let the child decide what to eat.\"Let the child listen to the voice of his or her own stomach,\" said Diwekar. Illustrating her point further, she said that most children are constantly distracted while they eat. Parents either divert children with television or other things to make them eat. \"Parents have to understand that a child has different eating patterns-in various seasons, different times of the day, during exams and during vacations. Thus, there cannot be one set pattern for them.\"Diwekar said that too much emphasis is laid on how much nutrition the child needs. \"Each child's body gives him or her signals on what it needs. The only person who can understand these signals is the child himself,\" she said. Giving an example, she said that a child who has dal chawal in the earliest eating years starts detesting dal after the age of two and wants only rice with ghee or sugar. \"This happens because the body needs amino acid till the age of two, which it gets from the dal. But, thereafter, the body doesn't need any more amino acid so the child stops liking dal. Their tongue tells them what the body needs.\"Another fact that Diwekar emphasized was that children imitate their parents and learn their food habits from them too. So if parents complain that a child eats too much junk, they must first see what they themselves eat. \"Children are introduced to everything they eat by their parents. So if parents are eating junk or if they watch television while eating food, children do the same.\"When a mother said her eight-year-old girl never feels hungry and has to be force-fed, Diwekar said that parents should give a chance to the child to say that he or she is hungry. \"Let the children recognize what hunger is. Their body will tell them if parents don't keep feeding children according to set timings. Until and unless they know when they are hungry, they will not feel like eating,\" she said.One of the mothers complained that her eight-year-old son has only dal, rice and potato bhaji. To this, Diwekar said that the parents should keep their fixation with vegetables out while deciding what the child should eat or involve their children in the process of planning the menu on a weekly basis. \"Parents need to make their child understand what is junk food and what is healthy for them and the choice should then be left on them. Also, children should be made a part of planning what to eat,\" she said adding that when children are let to eat according to their choices, they act more responsibly.So if a child likes sweets, his or her body must need that quick fix of energy to support the physical activities. \"As long as a child's body does not hamper his or her activities and is not a burden to the child, then no matter what shape -skinny, healthy, fat-the child is, he or she is all right. Human beings are born with survival instincts and should be left on their own to fend for their selves,\" said Diwekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11692273", "title": "What the Emaar scam is all about", "text": "On the orders of the AP High Court following a petition filed by Congress MLA P Shankar Rao, the CBI filed an FIR on August 17, 2011, against BP Acharya, directors of Emaar Properties, Dubai, Emaar Hills Township Pvt Ltd, Emaar-MGF Land Pvt Ltd, directors of Stylish Homes real Estate Pvt Ltd, unknown public servants of AP government, and others and charged them with criminal conspiracy, cheating, criminal breach of trust, showing forged documents as genuine under the Prevention of Corruption Act.The allegation is that BP Acharya and others named in the FIR entered into a criminal conspiracy to cheat APIIC during 2005-2010, and towards that end, Emaar Properties, Dubai, and Emaar Hills Township Pvt Ltd entered into an agreement with Stylish Homes to sell villa plots at pre-determined prices which was less than the market value and without the knowledge or consent of the APIIC board. Further, the CBI alleged that Emaar Hills Township assigned the rights of development to Emaar-MGF without in-principle approval of APIIC.The joint venture between APIIC and Emaar Properties, Dubai, was to develop an integrated project consisting of golf course, club house, boutique, hotel, township, on 535 acres of land at Manikonda on the outskirts of Hyderabad in Ranga Reddy district besides a business hotel and convention centre on adjoining leased land. While APIIC's stake in the Manikonda project was 26%, the same in the convention centre was 49%.According to the CBI, while the GOs mandated that only Emaar Properties, Dubai, should execute the project, the MoUs signed between APIIC and Emaar later inserted a clause regarding assignment of rights towards development, management and operation of the project by the developer to a third party.Subsequently, in April 2005, Emaar Properties, Dubai, assigned the project to three other firms, Emaar Hills Township Pvt Ltd, Boulder Hills Leisure Pvt Ltd and Cyberabad Convention Centre Pvt Ltd. Emaar Properties also entered into an agreement with Stylish Homes represented by its director T Ranga Rao, who, on behalf of Emaar Hills Township, was to sell plots and residential units in the project at Rs 5,000 per sq yard for which the latter was entitled to 4% commission on the sale value.According to the CBI, Stylish Homes collected excess amounts in cash ranging from Rs 5,000 to Rs 50,000 per sq yd from villa plot buyers. In all, Stylish Homes sold 105 villa plots and pocketed at least Rs 95 crore over and above the documented rate of Rs 5,000 per sq.yd and deprived APIIC of its due share in the revenue generated by the sale of villa plots. In the meantime, the stake of APIIC was reduced both in the Emaar Hills Township and the convention centre projects, the CBI has charged.Incidentally, CBI's efforts in the case was facilitated by an inquiry in the matter earlier by the vigilance and enforcement department of the AP government then headed by Dinesh Reddy who is now the director general of police. The V&E; report had unraveled the scandal and exposed the nexus.CBI charges against AcharyaAs VC and MD of APIIC, Acharya abused his official position and knowingly and intentionally did not object to the sale of villa plots at lower price besides failing to bring these facts to the knowledge of the APIIC boardDespite being the nominee director in these projects, Acharya did not ensure that the project was implemented as per norms and agreement executed between APIIC and Emaar Properties, DubaiThough APIIC held 26% equity in Emaar Hills Township Project, Acharya did not raise any objection to the decision of Emaar Properties, Dubai, and Emaar Hills Township, to sell the villa plots through Stylish HomesDespite being aware of the fact that Stylish Homes was selling the plots by accepting upfront payments from buyers without the APIIC board having finalized the rate, he did not raise any objection and thus was a willing partner in the criminal conspiracyDid not raise any objection when Emaar Hills Township and Boulder Hills Leisure Pvt Ltd decided to bring in Emaar-MGF as a co-developer. He also did not bring this fact to the notice of APIIC or the state government at any stage even though he was aware that the induction of Emaar-MGF as a co-developer was not permissible and had a bearing on the revenue sharing detrimental to the interest of APIIC.Did not object to the reduction of APIIC's stake in the project and the reduction in revenue sharing. A team of officials constituted by Acharya to inspect the progress of the project submitted a detailed report raising questions about the execution of the project by the developers, but he did not initiate any until December 2009 when he left APIIC CBI conclusion.Acharya did not protect the interests of APIIC, committed the offences of criminal conspiracy, criminal breach of trust, misappropriation of government property and, thereby, cheating APIIC. Being a senior IAS officer, Acharya's role and complicity in the commission of the offence has been clearly made out, it contended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11693270", "title": "Toy train all set to ferry more tourists this season", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Authorities at Kalka railway station are expecting a bumper tourist season this year with inquiry numbers already crossing 230, compared to total foreign passenger traffic of 102 last year.The season, which kicks off from the third week of February till mid-April traditionally witnesses a sea of foreign tourists head for the Queen of the Hills, Shimla, from Kalka aboard one of the many toy trains.Speaking to TOI, Kalka railway station superintendent V K Arora said, \"We have already received a total of 237 inquiries from individuals as well as travel agencies regarding travel arrangements for foreign tourists. This is much greater than the number we had expected and is almost more than double the number of foreign tourists that we received last year.\"He said, \"These inquiries are for charter bookings of rail car and this is a 22-seater train coach, which is specifically booked by touring parties. We are looking at adding one or two more coaches to pull the rail car, so that we can accommodate all the passengers. \"Arora added, \"We expect that the foreign tourist season would kick-off much sooner than last year as well as we have many inquiries asking us to accommodate them on one day before Valentine's Day and return one day after.\"Sources at Kalka railway station said considering the demand the authorities were looking to add to the three rail car coaches and might even extend the charter booking scheme to Shivalik Deluxe trains, which are often referred to being akin to reclining in a comfortable room while journeying on the train track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "daoke", "code": "11694361", "title": "Bordering on love for elections", "text": "DAOKE: The little bulge in Indian territory that is Daoke village, is linked to the country just through an old bridge. It is surrounded by Pakistan on three sides. But still, its connection with Indian democracy is very powerful. This can be gauged from the fact that the village has 1,094 electors and 570 of them had voted in Punjab legislative assembly election by 1pm on Monday. The bright weather proved enough of an invitation for the voters to reach polling stations.A senior citizen, Charan Singh, who was sitting with other villagers under a tree near the polling booth at Daoke, said, \"No politician can ever satisfy the demands of people of his constituency. Some work is always left incomplete. So, we should have patience and not forget to use our democratic right.\"Pointing towards the potholed road connecting the village with Attari town, Daoke-resident Suba Singh said, \"Look at this road, it cracked in many places within a year.\"He added that life in Daoke was not easy as it was surrounded by Pakistani land on three sides. \"We are the first ones to move when there is hostility between India and Pakistan. We help armed forces and face danger. The villagers here always vote as we want to be part of this process and ensure that our candidates win.\"Daoke doesn't have a good dispensary and the nearest one is about 18km away. \"We have always been asking our representatives to at least provide us with a good hospital and a senior secondary school. We are still hopeful of getting those,\" he said. Ranjit Singh, 20, said life in Daoke was dull as there was curfew in the night and they had to stay indoors.\"I have voted for a positive change. I know some things can't change since we are in a border village. But I do hope for better infrastructure,\" added Ranjit.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11693369", "title": "Ravanan may be held under Goondas Act", "text": "COIMBATORE: Coimbatore district crime branch plans to bring fresh charges against Ravanan, a relative of Sasikalaa, who was arrested on January 27, under the Goondas Act. Currently, he is held under charges of wrongful confinement, extortion and kidnapping for ransom. The Chennai police are also seeking his custody in a Rs 1 crore cheating case.Meanwhile, Ravanan, who has been lodged in Coimbatore Central Prison, sought bail in Coimbatore district judge court. The Coimbatore police have received two petitions against him from AIADMK cadres, stating that he collected Rs 5 lakh from each cadre, promising each the post of union secretary of the party, but failed to deliver.Ravanan also filed a petition on Monday through senior advocate B Mohan claiming he is innocent and that police have filed false cases against him. \"Police have filed false charges against me to satisfy certain people in political circles who want to see me behind bars,\" Ravanan stated in his petition.Ravanan has also filed two petitions in the Mettupalayam judicial magistrate court. The first filed under section 54 of the CrPC seeks a medical examination, as he claims to have been subjected to physical and mental torture. Though he had surrendered before the director general of police, records state that he was arrested from his house at Ramanathapuram.In the second petition, he sought an upgrade of his quarters in prison from B class to special class as he is a postgraduate in agriculture and a tax paying citizen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11693362", "title": "27k traffic offenders caught in a fortnight", "text": "MUMBAI: The traffic police recorded a whopping 27,080 offences during the road safety fortnight conducted earlier this month. The cases ranged from seating beyond capacity to using fancy number-plates and drunk driving. The largest chunk comprised unauthorized parking cases and bikers riding without helmets.\"We recorded 12,501 cases of unauthorized parking, followed by 12,144 cases of riding without helmets. Motorists caught without their seat-belts on came third with 681 cases,\" an official said.Traffic officials say reckless bikers contribute to a large number of accidents. \"We have observed that most bikers want to use their cellphones while riding and this prompts them to not use helmets,\" said deputy commissioner Nandkumar Chaugule. \"Wearing any type of helmet is useless; it has to be ISI certified. Our personnel are instructed to check the helmets worn by riders they intercept and lodge separate offences where ISI-certified helmets are not being used.\" Accident victims have suffered skull fractures because they weren't wearing helmets, officials said, adding that ISI-marked helmets are tested for absorbing shocks.Speaking about the absence of sufficient parking places in the city, experts said 2 lakh cars end up being parked on the streets. \"Every year, we collect Rs 3 to 4 crore in fines only from unauthorized parking. While the number of vehicles has increased by nearly 85%, the civic body has been unable to construct parking plazas to accommodate them,\" said a transport expert.Traffic officials pointed out that captive parking, where vehicles are not parked on streets, was only available at a few malls in the city. \"The CR-II mall at Nariman Point has multi-level car parking which accommodates around 500 vehicles. Then there's Phoenix mill compound at Lower Patel which has captive parking, besides a few malls in the western suburbs. But altogether, they can't accommodate more than 12,000 cars,\" said a senior official, adding, \"In south Mumbai, most motorists have difficulty finding a place to park. Pay-and-park lots on streets require a no objection certificate.\" Some of the other offences recorded included loading beyond capacity (172), talking on phone while driving (132), speeding (112), no tail-lights, not using reflectors (289).The largest chunk of offenders were unauthorized parking cases and bikers riding without helmets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11693425", "title": "Mhada to get FIR lodged in house allotment scam", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) is all set to lodge an complaint with the Economic Offences Wing to get an FIR filed seeking investigation of 17 property agents for allegedly trying to cheat the housing board of 334 flats using fake addresses.The flats were among the 4,034 flats sold by Mhada through its lottery in May 2011 across the city. This list of 334 is littered with instances where several allottees have the same residential address and phone number. Satish Gavai, Mhada's vice-president, said that allotments for these flats have been cancelled pending inquiry.Mhada called all the 425 'bogus' applicants with supporting documents. \"Only 102 applicants showed up. How can 20 lottery winners be residing in the same house and be using the same cellphone? There was collusion with our officials to make these allotments possible,\" said a senior Mhada official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11691672", "title": "'Ensure all free medicines are available'", "text": "AJMER: Managing director of Rajasthan Medical Services Corporation Samit Kumar Sharma expressed his unhappiness over the uneven distribution of free medicines to designated free medicine shops by the local medical authorities. He was on a surprise visit to free medicine shops at Jawahar Lal Nehru Hospital, Ajmer on Monday.\"The distribution of medicines at local level to designated shops needs to be overhauled drastically, the local medical authorities need to imbibe the fact availability of all the medicines, supplied free, at all designated shops will reduce hardship faced by the patients,\" said Sharma.He expressed his displeasure when patients were turned away as many medicines which were in the free medicine inventories of the government were not available at the stores. He asked the counter owners to keep full stock of the medicines and place their demand well in time so that they do not go out of stock.Availability of medicines at designated free medicine counters at hospitals is the backbone and guarantee for the success of government's ambitious free medicines scheme, he said. \"We will ensure from now onwards that all the free medicines supplied by the government are available at every counter,\" said Sharma.He also laid stress on strengthening the Life Line stores so that expensive equipment used during major operations and steel plates, wires and screws used in orthopedic treatment can be made available at a less cost to patients. \"Life line stores are not under our direct control but we will persuade local authorities to ask these stores to keep these expensive items in their inventories,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11692928", "title": "Man nabbed for killing history-sheeter in Ramol", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A man was arrested by Ramol police officials in connection with the murder of a criminal in Ramol on Sunday night. Police found that it was the issue of non-payment at a pan parlour that led to the crime.Police said, Hari Om Mishra, a resident of Jal Pari Society in Odhav, had been to Ravi Paan Parlour near Takshashila School in Odhav. The parlour was run by Sandeep Yadav. As per eye-witnesses, there was a scuffle between Mishra and Yadav late on Sunday night as a result of which Yadav stabbed him and fled from the spot.\"With the help of human and technical surveillance, Yadav was tracked down from Odhav. He said that Mishra used to frequent his shop alone or with friends but did not pay up. Whenever he would remind him about the amount, he would threaten him with dire consequences. On Sunday, he again reminded him of the mounting debt and asked him to pay up. Mishra got enraged and pulled out a knife to threaten him. Yadav also got angry and snatched the knife and stabbed Mishra,\" said a Ramol police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11691745", "title": "Army goes slow on govt\u2019s order to reconcile Gen VK Singh\u2019s birth date", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Army's adjutant general (AG) branch seems to be dragging its feet on reconciling its records, as directed by the defence ministry, to show General V K Singh's date of birth (DoB) as 'May 10, 1950'.With just four days left for the age controversy to be heard by the Supreme Court, some quarters in South Block have begun to point at \"a clear conflict of interest\" since the two crucial Army wings involved in the DoB row, the AG and military secretary (MS) branches, function directly under the Army chief.Gen Singh, the first serving military chief to petition the Supreme Court, wants May 10, 1951 to be recognized as his DoB to restore his \"personal integrity and honour\". If his DoB is settled at 1951, Gen Singh would serve till March 2013, instead of retiring on May 31 this year as the government wants, changing the entire line of succession in the 1.13-million strong force.But MoD's latest directive on January 23 to the AG and MS branches as well as the Comptroller General of Defence Accounts has reiterated that Gen Singh's \"officially recognized\" DoB will \"continue to remain\" as 'May 10, 1950' and all records should be reconciled to that effect, as reported by TOI on Monday.Government sources said \"such a direction\" had even been issued in July 2011, when an attempt by the AG branch to amend Gen Singh's year of birth to 1951 from 1950 was held to be \"null, void and non est (non-existent)\".In August, however, the AG branch raised \"certain issues\" to seek \"further advice\" on the matter, and Gen Singh himself filed a statutory complaint to get his age \"corrected\" to May 10, 1951.\"Since Gen Singh's statutory complaint was pending before the government for consideration, the advice sought by AG branch was not communicated at that time. But after the statutory complaint was disposed of (without any relief) in December-end, the advice sought was conveyed on January 23,\" said a source.The MoD letter, incidentally, directed the AG branch to ensure \"strict compliance without any further loss of time\" in correcting its records to show May 10, 1950 as Gen Singh's DoB. \"A compliance report be sent to this ministry at the earliest,\" it added.The AG branch, however, is yet to respond to this letter. \"An interim kind of response may be sent before the Supreme Court hearing on February 3,\" said an Army source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11692776", "title": "Poll code no excuse for handcuffs: Court", "text": "MUMBAI: The election code of conduct cannot become an excuse for not doing anything, observed the Bombay High Court on Monday. It lambasted the police for not identifying its own escort policemen who handcuffed and also fettered a prisoner with ropes and made him walk from CST towards Hutatma Chowk where the courts are.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka were hearing a PIL public interest litigation by NGO India Centre of Human Rights and Law against the blatant handcuffing and fettering of prisoners contrary to the various orders of the Supreme Court.. The petition also mentioned and annexed a picture of a man who was handcuffed inside the Andheri magistrate court premises in May 2011 and about three students who were fettered to the desk for having allegedly participated in an anti-SEZ protest.Public prosecutor Pandurang Pol asked the court for time saying the model code of conduct for the civic polls is on and the officers have not been able to instruct him in the matter . \" The code of conduct cannot become an excuse for not doing anything,'' said Justice Bobde . The NGO's advocates Gayatri Singh and Kranti LC told the court that at the last hearing the police were asked to identify the policemen responsible. You have photographs,'' said Justice Bobde. Photographs shows back side,'' said Pol. The judges pointed out that it would be easy to identify policemen from date of the incident and time of duty.You have duty chart or not? On this date who was on duty? If you are keeping something back from the court , we won't accept it ,'' said Justice Bobde.The judges have asked the director general of police and inspector general (prisons) to file affidavits within a week identifying the concerned policemen. policemen were shown in the photographs. after taking into account the record of the establishment showing which policemen were given duty in question on the relevant date. The affidavits are to be filed within a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11694171", "title": "Parking facility at zoo is inadequate", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore Zoo, which is receiving the highest number of visitors in the country, has inadequate parking area, thus inconveniencing its visitors, especially during peak season, due to lack of enough space. Yet authorities concerned are dilly-dallying on the issue. Every year, the number of visitors is increasing, with heavy influx of visitors last year fetching good revenue to the facility. But, when it comes to providing parking space to all its visitors the zoo is silent.A park opposite the zoo which is being used for parking is catering to only 50% of its visitors. The problem is evident during weekends, public holidays and peak seasons like Dasara, New Year's Day and also during extended holidays. An alternative parking arrangement has been made at Dasara exhibition grounds, but it is quite a distance, about 300 metres, from the spot. Parking space has been a major concern, but authorities concerned are lethargic about the issue. The park is MCC's property and they have agreed to lease the area to the zoo for a period so that it is utilized for parking vehicles.Zoo executive director B P Ravi told TOI that there is a proposal for a multi-level parking facility at the park area under JNNURM project, but it is still in the initial stages.The civic body has to take a final call on this score. According to plan, five storey (G+4) parking facility will be created to provide parking space to 300 cars, 40 buses and hundreds of two-wheelers.Meanwhile, Zoo Authority of Karnataka member-secretary M N Jayakumar said, quoting a report, that the zoo is receiving more than 2.5 million visitors every year, the highest by any zoo in the country. Last financial year, the figure stood at 2.6 million, whereas, the number at Patna zoo, Sakkarbaug zoo (Gujarat) and Hyderabad zoo was 1.5-2 million. This season, Mysore Zoo is expecting 3 million visitors, said Jayakumar, who will retire from service on Tuesday.The member secretary, however, claimed that Mysore Zoo has reached a saturation point with regard to creation of new facilities and there is no way to build parking facility at its premises.As per Central Zoo Authority rules, more than 30% of the any zoo area cannot be used for construction, but Mysore Zoo has crossed the limit. And there is no scope for increasing parking area, Jayakumar claimed. This means that visitors coming to the country's best crowd-pulling zoo, will have to continue to spend time looking for a parking space until the new facility is created.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11692989", "title": "Warning boards to be put up at 19 spots", "text": "PUNE: The highway traffic police have identified at least 19 accident-prone spots on a 45-km stretch between Kiwale and Khandala on the Pune-Mumbai expressway. The Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) and the Ideal Road Builders have now decided to put up sign boards at the places, warning drivers about the 'danger' spots.Dilip Bhujbal, superintendent of police (highways), Pune region, said, \"We have identified at least 19 accident-prone or black spots on the stretch. The places were identified on the basis of the number of accidents taking place at a particular spot. The other criteria was the 'physical aspect' of the road.Asked why no caution boards had been put up at the accident-prone spots so far, Bhujbal said, there was an integrated plan of the MSRDC and the Ideal Road Builders to put up the road safety signs. \"We review the accident-prevention measures every month and take corrective steps wherever necessary,'' he said, adding, a high-level meeting would soon be held to look into the new safety measures that need to be taken on the expressway.Some of the accident-prone spots include the sharp curves near Amrutanjan bridge at Khandala, the Lonavla flyover, the slope and the curve before Kamshet tunnel-I while driving towards Pune, and other places near Urse, Baur, Gahunje and Kiwale.Police officials have said the open storm water drains along the motorway need to be covered as several vehicles land in them after skidding off the road. They also blame the monotonous nature of driving on the expressway which makes one drowsy leading to accidents. Small rumblers at various places would help in keeping the drivers alert, they said.The stretch of the expressway between Kiwale and Khandala claimed 58 lives in 2011, as compared to 27 deaths in 2010. Similarly, the number of people badly injured in mishaps in this section went up to 128 in 2011, while 108 people were injured in 2010.The total number of accidents, including deaths, serious and minor injuries, which was 316 in 2010, went up to 405 in 2011. Of these, fatal accidents increased from 25 to 39, while those involving people with severe injuries rose from 38 to 43.Meanwhile, a senior MSRDC official said the corporation has asked its monitoring unit to carry out a road safety audit of the expressway. \"The unit has a safety engineer and traffic control personnel. It has been asked to prepare a report on various aspects of road safety and other additional requirements. Issues regarding road safety and traffic control are discussed regularly with highway police officials in Mumbai, the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11693180", "title": "NID to train African artisans", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Next time a hamper woven with water hyacinth or a lampshade knitted from banana fibre catches your eyes, make sure you give it a closer look. It could be products made by African artisans which are rare in the country.Beginning this year, National Institute of Design (NID) will host groups of artisans from various African countries, to train them in crafts and design and help them market their products. The premier design institute will take the products that emerge from the training and put them in selected store chains. This is to understand the market response to these products.\"Through the support of the ministry of external affairs we will train artisans of around 15 African countries in the next three years,\" said director of NID Pradyumna Vyas.The projects are an outcome of the second Africa-India Forum Summit that was held in Addis Ababa in Ethiopia , Africa, in 2011, where Prime Minister Manmohan Singh announced implementation of several projects in the African continent.\"The artisans in Africa are already skilful and rich with their traditional crafts. What they need is professional design inputs and knowledge on how to diversity their existing ranges of products so that they could create demand in contemporary markets. NID will impart them these design inputs and knowledge as well as help them in branding their products,\" said Vyas.\"We have already spoken to various store chains for displaying and selling these products as a part of our market survey for these products.\"NID will begin the project from Zimbabwe where a team of faculty will be visiting in February to conduct a 'need based assessment' to understand their local materials, organizational structures, skills and so on.A team of 25 artisans and traders from Zimbabwe will visit NID for the training. Later, teams from NID will send follow-up teams. Following this, NID will be giving training to artisans from other countries like Malawi , Ethiopia, Tanzania and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11691785", "title": "Gang involved in wedding thefts held in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Cracking a whip on the burglars targeting marriage processions, the police have busted a gang involved in at least six burglaries at wedding ceremonies.After an FIR was lodged by one Vinay Kala, who had complained at Vidhayak Puri police station that on January 24 burglars had crashed into a wedding venue and decamped with a cash bag containing money and other valuables, a team was constituted.\"Our team was visiting various marriage ceremonies in plainclothes. After collecting some information a team was sent to Madhya Pradesh. Four persons Rohit (19), Vikas (18), Shalu (20) and Aruda (22) were arrested from various villages in MP,\" a senior officer of Vidhyak Puri police station said.Asked about the modus operandi of the gang, the officer, said, \"They used to mix up with other guests in the wedding procession at the lawns or marriage hall. Later, from mannerisms and other activities, they used to find out the mothers of bridegroom and bride, who usually posses valuables such as cash and jewellery. Then they used to snatch and decamp with the valuables.\"Police said Rs 11 lakh and some gold ornaments have been recovered from the gang. Police added with due interrogation more cases of burglaries in the wedding ceremonies could be uncovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11693323", "title": "Int\u2019l students in city to study Gandhi", "text": "Fifteen students from South Africa visited Mumbai to understand Mahatma Gandhi's teachings, as part of an exchange programme by University of Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11693294", "title": "Students may get to see answer books within 7 days", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With students facing problems in seeing their answer books due to lack of information on sectional break-up during result declaration, Panjab University is all set to relax rules for them.PU's examination branch has suggested that the students be allowed to see their answer books within seven days of \"dispatch of detail mark sheets (DMC)\". The issue is slated for discussion in the next syndicate meeting on Tuesday.An existing rule mentions that the students can see their answer books within 10 days from date on which result is declared. However, several such cases were found in which students did not have a copy of mark sheet even as the result was announced. Consequently, they could not neither see their answer books even as the facility existed for them on paper nor apply for re-evaluation since a copy of DMC was required for subject break-up.\"In the past there was a problem since students did not know the break-up of each subject and producing DMC in the examination branch was important. Students were not at fault since DMC were dispatched quite late. They could see answer sheets when result was declared but they did not know which subjects they have scored the least marks,\" said an official of the examination branch, who declined to be named.A meeting was held on October 10 last year attended by S K Sharma, secretary to the vice-chancellor R C Sobti and D K Dhawan of department of Bio-Physics to address the issue. It was recommended to permit students to see answer sheets once detail mark sheet is dispatched.Exempting MA students of dept of Russian studiesIn the syndicate meeting to be held on January 31, a case of exempting MA students of department of Russian studies from semester system is set to figure.A syndicate agenda mentions that since the syllabi of MA (Russian) is not ready, the annual system will be followed in the department as a \"special case\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11694048", "title": "T20 cannot produce Test cricketers, says Khan", "text": "KOLKATA: Team India's dismal show Down Under, adding up to an eight-Test losing streak abroad, has sent the cricket fraternity scurrying for answers . Imran Khan has some sound advice for the administrators of the game in the country ; he began by reminding everyone that Twenty20 cricket can't produce Test players.\"It's not easy to lose eight Test matches in a row. This is a wake-up call for Indian cricket,\" he reminded.Ironically, the former Pakistan pacer went on to suggest that BCCI take a leaf out of the Indian Premier League, the cash-rich T20 competition that has taken the cricket world by storm. \"Domestic first-class tournaments like the Ranji Trophy need to be made more competitive. Have fewer teams in the top tier if needed and, as in IPL, bring in top foreign players to raise the level,\" said Imran during a lecture dedicated to 'Tiger' Pataudi. \"If Australia has been such a consistently strong outfit over the years, it's because of their domestic cricket. I know because I've played (Sheffield) Shield cricket. It may have just six teams but it's very competitive and aggressive,\" he added.Imran sees a role for T20KOLKATA: \"I've earned far less in 22 years than what a mediocre cricketer makes in one season in the IPL,\" said Imran Khan to drive home the danger the shortest version of the game poses to Test cricket. \"There now is the lurking threat of players choosing cash-rich Twenty20 to five days of slogging on the field when they begin their career,\" he reminded .Even as he stressed that the means and methods in Test cricket and the shorter versions were very different, the former Pakistan skipper did see a role for T20. \"Once, during an exhibition match in the United States , rain reduced it to a 20-20 affair. I saw spectators actually enjoying and realised that this was a great format to attract spectators in non-cricket playing nations. But it won't work when it comes to producing Test cricketers,\" he said. \"And Test cricket is the real test. In Test cricket, not only talent but technique and temperament are tested.\"Calling for moves to usher in more competitiveness in domestic first-class competitions, he reminded that a player doing well in Sheffield Shield slips into Test cricket with ease \"but here the jump from first-class to Test cricket is huge\" .\"I've been saying this for 30 years in Pakistan. I stopped telling them for the last five years as I was convinced they wouldn't listen,\" he went on. \"I am asking India to do this because at the next general elections , a tsunami called the Tehreeke-Insaf will sweep across Pakistan. We will then fix our (cricket) structure and India will get a thrashing,\" he added with an impish smile and a twinkle in the eyes.He drew Sunil Gavaskar as example . \"His mind worked like a computer . He had everything worked out,\" Imran said in obvious admiration . \"Test cricket is also about guts. It takes guts to face a fast bowler. When I used to run up to the wicket, I would look into the eyes of the batsman to judge his state of mind and see the fear if there was any. A Test match tests the character of a player,\" the former Pakistan captain said.He stressed on the need for cricketers to get a good education, saying that it would have been his biggest blunder had he not continued with his studies. \"International sport requires complete focus but a good education gives a cricketer great advantage over the others. My education was my biggest advantage during my days as a captain. The power of analysis is sharpened by quality education. Education and cricket are actually complementary to each other,\" he said. \"For Tiger Pataudi, cricket was not a profession . Cricketers can never take risks to reach great heights if they make the game their profession. Then it becomes a mere job. Tiger treated it like a challenge,\" Khan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11693159", "title": "Navy to host 14-nation 'Milan' exercise from Feb 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Navy is all set to launch another edition of its 'Milan' multi-nation exercise and conclave in the strategic Andaman and Nicobar Islands, with warships and delegations from 14 countries of the Asia-Pacific region taking part in it.The focus during the Milan exercise, being held from February 1 to 6, will be on maritime terrorism, piracy and poaching as well as humanitarian and search and rescue operations and \"capacity building\", officials said.The participants include Australia, Bangladesh , Brunei , Philippines , Myanmar , Thailand , Indonesia , Sri Lanka , Singapore , Vietnam , Malaysia , Maldives, Seychelles and Mauritius .\"Milan basically is a biennial conglomeration of Asia-Pacific maritime navies, hosted by the Indian Navy, to foster bonds of 'friendship across the seas', boost interoperability and share views on common maritime issues. From four navies in 1995, it has grown to include 14 navies now,\" said an officer.An important priority in the Asia-Pacific region is the protection of sea lanes around Malacca Strait since around 60,000 ships sail through it every year, transporting around 30% of the world trade in goods.For India, the stakes are clearly high, with the strategic A&N; Islands dominating the approaches to Malacca Strait. \"India's central location in Indian Ocean , astride these major commercial routes and energy lifelines, makes us a major stakeholder in the region's security and stability,'' said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11694194", "title": "Kunder didn't provoke SRK, says Farah", "text": "MUMBAI: An eyewitness present at the party said, \"Shirish Kunder kept hovering around Shah Rukh and followed him onto the dance floor, but the actor simply ignored him.\" The relationship between the two was at an all-time low after Kunder had criticized SRK's recent film 'Ra One' on a microblogging site. He had posted an insulting, 'I just heard a Rs150 crore firework fizzle' remark online.\"Khan refused to acknowledge Kunder at the party. Even when Dutt escorted SRK outside the venue to introduce him to a close friend, Kunder unabashedly followed them,\" said an eyewitness. \"Kunder placed himself right behind SRK and murmured something into his ear.\" It was the proverbial straw that broke the camel, or in this case, Khan's back. \"An annoyed SRK, who was actually preparing to leave the party, turned around, held Kunder by the scruff of the neck, and forced him to sit on a sofa near the nightclub's exit,\" said the guest.After a heated exchange of words, SRK slapped Kunder. Dutt, who was aware of the acrimonious relationship between the two, rushed to defuse the situation and pulled them apart. Here eyewitness accounts differ with many claiming that Dutt allegedly responded in kind when Kunder pushed him roughly.Farah, who had not attended the party, maintained that her husband did nothing to provoke SRK. She said, \"Those who were present told me that the attack was completely unprovoked. Shirish didn't even know that Shah Rukh was at the party.\"In a mass sms sent to the media, Farah said: \"Shah Rukh has always told me that physical abuse is the worst way to sort out a problem. It means the attacker has either a personal or professional crisis going on. It saddens me to see him doing the same.\" This is not the first time that Kunder has taken a swipe at SRK. At another Bollywood party, Kunder had criticized Ra One, sources told TOI.The party quickly wrapped up after the fracas: Dutt and his wife Manyata left in one car, while builder and owner of the club Baba Dewan and SRK left in another vehicle.The party had been hosted by Dewan for Dutt following the success of the latter's latest release Agneepath. Some of the stars who attended the party included Priyanka Chopra , Karisma Kapoor and Abhishek Bachchan .Khan Vs KunderConflicting reports | According to guests, Kunder had been following SRK all through the party, though Farah has denied these reports. When Dutt escorted SRK outside the venue to introduce him to a close friend, Kunder placed himself right behind SRK and murmured something into his ear, said one guest. An annoyed SRK, who was about to leave turned around, held Kunder by the scruff of the neck, and forced him to sit on a sofa near the nightclub's exit. \"After a heated exchange of words SRK slapped him,\" said a guestPast TiffsSalman Khan and Shah Rukh Khan | They had a showdown at a party hosted by Salman for actor Katrina Kaif's birthday in 2008 Salman Khan and Vivek Oberoi | On April 1, 2003, Vivek had called a press conference claiming that a drunk Salman had contacted him 41 times over the phone. Oberoi claimed the actor had abused him and had even threatened to kill him Best friends no longerThey were once the best of friends, but the 14-year friendship between actor Shah Rukh Khan and choreographerturned-director Farah Khan hit a sour note in 2009. SRK had refused to star in Farah's husband Shirish Kunder's film. The rift only widened over the years. SRK was committed to starring in Farah's 'Happy New Year' and had even set dates aside for it. He requested her to make some changes in the script , before finalizing the project, said sources. But Farah was keen on launching her own production house and announced her first home production 'Tees Maar Khan' with Akshay Kumar and Katrina Kaif in 2009. SRK was upset with the director as she had not only wasted his dates, but had failed to mention 'Tees Maar Khan'.Until then, Farah had choreographed Shah Rukh Khan in almost all her films from 'Oh Darling! Yeh Hai India' in 1995 to 'My Name is Khan' in 2009.SRK gave Farah her first directorial debut in 'Main Hoon Naa' in 2004 followed by 'Om Shanti Om' in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11692873", "title": "Chhetri arrest may spark tension in Hills: GJM", "text": "KOLKATA: Kalimpong MLA and Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) spokesperson Harka Bahadur Chhetri called on the chief minister on Monday and expressed his party's fear that the arrest of nonagenarian Mani Chhetri, the MD of AMRI Hospitals, could spark tension in the hills.Chhetri and Pranab Dasgupta, member of AMRI board, were arrested last week in connection with the fire at the hospital that had killed more than 90 people.Keeping the hills peaceful had been a tough challenge for the state government and it appears that tension is always simmering inside.According to the GJM spokesperson, Chhetri is an icon of Darjeeling. \"He is the intellectual representative of the people of the hills and the people there have been immensely hurt at his arrest,\" he said.\"There are many organizations that want to organize protest rallies and we are afraid that this could spark tension in the hills,\" Harka Bahadur said after the meeting, adding that he had informed about this to the state home secretary GD Gautama.Harka, along with Darjeeling MLA Trilok Dewan, told the CM and home secretary Gautama that the doctor had considered Kolkata to be his second home and though he could have stayed in the hills, he had chosen to be in the city and treat patients. \"All these should have been taken into consideration. Moreover, at his age, the decision to arrest him was not correct,\" he said.\"The CM admitted that his contribution as a doctor is immense but the law must take its course. She also said that Mani Chhetri could be taken to a nursing home if it was felt necessary,\" the MLA said. \"We don't want to go against the law either, but the case must be put on fast track so that the outcome is known quickly.\"Harka Bahadur added that there was a feeling that a lobby had been pushing the government to arrest Mani Chhetri. \"He wasn't arrested immediately, and this shows that there was something to it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11687170", "title": "Ileana and I are friends: Priyanka Chopra", "text": "Actor Priyanka Chopra talks about her alleged cat fights with Ileana, her chemistry with Hrithik Roshan and desire to do a Tollywood flick soon\"The year has begun on a fabulous note for me. 'Agneepath' is a hit and I won the Filmfare for Best Actor (Critics Choice) for 'Saat Khoon Maaf',\" said actor Priyanka Chopra.The lady is in Hyderabad on a nine day shooting schedule for her forthcoming film, the sequel to 'Krrish'. In between attending the award ceremony last night and taking a flight to Hyderabad, the actor made time for a press interaction as she launched a new line of air conditioners for a global brand she endorses.Ask her if she has had time to celebrate and the actor says, \"I wish I could celebrate the wonderful start to the year. But I'm working round the clock and there is absolutely no time for celebrations.\"Now that the hit pair, Hrithik and Priyanka, is in the city celebrations are sure due.Talking about her chemistry with Hrithik, Priyanka said, \"Hrithik is a great co-star. We've worked together a few years ago in \"Krrish\", we just did \" Agneepath\" and now, we are shooting the sequel to \"Krrish\". He is amazing.\"With'Don 2' also fairing well at the BO last year, the actor does not mind playing 'Junglee Billi' again. \"Well, I don't mind playing the Don's 'Junglee Billi'. But only Farhan and Ritesh know if they are ever going to make a sequel to 'Don 2'. In fact it took them five long years to make the sequel to 'Don',\" quipped PC.The actor also expressed her desire to star in a Tollywood flick sometime soon. \"I have done a Telugu movie, but that was a long time back. The offers that come to me these days from Tollywood are either not too exciting or I have some date issues. But yes, if something great comes my way and I can accommodate my dates, then yes, you'll see me in a Tollywood flick,\" said PC.While on the topic of Tollywood, the also cleared the air on her so-called catfight with Ileana. \"Ileana is a sweet girl. We've been shooting for 'Barfi' for over a year. I've met her mother, sister and nephew. She is a beautiful girl and good actor. We got along really well. And yes, we are friends,\" clarified PC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11692575", "title": "Rs 80cr taxiway for Boeing's 500cr unit", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC) plans to spend Rs 80 crore to get Boeing's $100 million (500 crore) maintenance repair and overhaul (MRO) depot in Mihan-SEZ going. MADC has decided to build a taxiway to the MRO. Tenders for it may be floated in a fortnight. The American aircraft maker is setting up this MRO on behalf of Air India , as a part of the conditions in the 30,000 crore aircraft purchase deal with the national carrier.Boeing has begun construction on MRO and needs a facility to bring the aircraft to MRO from main runway. This has to be provided by MADC, the SEZ developer. The access was to be through second runway that MADC planned. However, it has got delayed mainly because of land acquisition problem necessitating a 2.5 km taxiway from existing runway.Boeing's investment in rupee terms is about Rs 500 crore and the taxiway would cost MADC almost 15% of the amount. MADC is facing tough times due to lack of fresh investment in SEZ. The state government will also have to refund the company 300 crore cost of acquiring remaining land needed for the project.MADC's vice-chairman-cum-managing director UPS Madan confirmed the plans for taxiway. MADC officials had mooted a plan to utilize an old unused runway that crosses the existing airstrip for the taxiway. A part of this runway will be extended upto the MRO site. There is a road on the path currently being used by local residents. A bridge has been planned for commuters' with the taxiway going below it. An option of having a level crossing will also be considered, said a senior MADC official.Madan added that the second runway would be taken up later. MADC would be roping in a third partner who would build the second runway on built operate transfer (BoT) basis. A draft feasibility report has been prepared by the consultants and various business models for developing the runway were being considered, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11691839", "title": "Varsity demands probe into rumour of leaked question paper", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan University of Health Science (RUHS) has demanded an inquiry about the rumour of MBBS final year paper (medicine) being available in the market. This caused panic among the students appearing for MBBS exam on Monday. Later in the day it turned out to be a guess paper.The rumour spread after faxed copies of the question paper that was available in the market were sent to some media houses. Troubled by the rumours and numerous phone calls by anxious parents, the university management held an urgent meeting. They sent admission controller Vinod Bayani to check the question paper available in the market.He said, \"The question papers available in the market were fake. Only one question of 3 marks was there from these two question papers,\" said Bayani.\"Students were shocked because of this news. Some of them were unwilling to appear in the exam demanding a probe in the matter,\" said Bayani, who asked them to appear in the exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11693448", "title": "Panchayat president submits petition", "text": "COIMBATORE: Five ward members of Kallampalayam town panchayat submitted a petition at the collectorate protesting the highhandedness of the panchayat president and demanding stringent action against him for not conducting meetings for past three month. In the absence of collector M Karunagaran the petition was given to District Revenue Officer K Karpagam.Members of wards 3,5 ,6, 8 and 9 who came to the collectorate wearing black masks to mark their protest. In their petition, they stated that V Sundaram, the panchayat president was making important decisions without consulting ward members.Pon Karthikeyan, councillor of ward 5 said that for the past three months not even a single panchayat meeting was conducted. However, several crucial decisions including the laying of roads had been taken without the consent of ward members. He alleged that the president had given water connection to several layouts by cutting water supply to other locations.\"For 80 houses there is only one common water pipeline connection so far. Though five more connections were demanded he failed to approve it. However, he has given 12 pipe lines to one ward who's residents belong to his community,\" he alleged.To get a commercial connection, Rs 15,000 has to be paid upfront and a monthly rental of Rs 500 has to be paid. However some people are using domestic lines to supply water to offices, he alleged.When contacted, Sundaram denied all allegations. He said meetings have been conducted regularly and al councilors participated. He clarified that decision to give pipeline connection to certain areas was taken with consent from all members. However, councilors say that he is lying.Meanwhile the district administration based on the petition has taken action. The Block Development Officer of Sultanpettai Union has seized the important documents from the panchayat office for investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11692753", "title": "Shias court arrest, reach truce with cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two weeks after violence broke out at BK Dutt Colony in south Delhi, tension gripped the area on Monday after a group of Shias demanded quashing of the FIR registered against them.for rioting during a religious procession.The protesters also insisted that the western gate of Shah-e-Mardan shrine be opened for a religious congregation on Tuesday. However, an amicable negotiation between the police, the protesters and the residents brought the situation under control.The disputed gate has been opened for two days to facilitate the congregation. \"We have talked to the religious leaders and the residents and reached a mutual agreement. Keeping in mind tomorrow's Tazia procession, we have deployed additional police personnel in the area,\" said a senior police officer.Earlier in the day, around 1000 protesters courted arrest seeking the fulfillment of their demands. \"On the occasion of Chehallum, the police had used force on our men and registered an FIR against us. However, this time they have promised us that the gate will be open for the next two days,\" said Kalbe Jawaad, a Shia leader from Lucknow.General secretary of the resident samiti of BK Dutt Colony, Rajendra Singh, said, \"We have agreed to the opening of the gate. In a meeting with the police on Sunday we put forward our conditions and told them that the gate should be closed after two days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11692366", "title": "Acharya in CBI net, at last", "text": "HYDERABAD: He had been expecting this for long. So when two days before the mandatory deadline of filing the chargesheet in the Emaar case where he is accused No 1, principal secretary (home) B P Acharya was called for questioning to the CBI office, the 1983 batch IAS officer knew that he could be arrested.After reaching the CBI makeshift office at Dilkusha guest house on Raj Bhavan Road around 11 am when the officer was told that he could send his car back, Acharya knew that the inevitable was close at hand.The wires started buzzing in the Secretariat when this news reached babudom through the bush telegraph although Acharya was formally arrested only after four hours of sustained questioning. The CBI charged him in the case with criminal conspiracy, criminal breach of trust, misappropriation of government property and cheating while he was the vice chairman and managing director of the AP Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC) between 2005 and 2010.Acharya along with Dubaibased Emaar Properties and its subsidiaries has been charged with reducing the stake of APIIC (a government agency) in the joint venture and selling plots at high rates than what was shown on paper. The proceeds went into the pockets of the private firms and individuals at the cost of the state exchequer, the CBI contended. After being formally arrested, Acharya was produced before the CBI court at Nampally and remanded to CBI custody till 4 pm on February 1 by special judge Naga Maruti Sharma. Acharya is the second IAS officer in Andhra Pradesh in recent months to be arrested. Y Srilakshmi, a 1987 batch IAS officer was arrested by CBI for involvement in the illegal mining case against Gali Janardan Reddy. She is now in Chanchalguda jail.The court however ruled that Acharya's questioning by the CBI should take place only between 10 am and 5 pm. While in their custody, the accused in the several scam cases being probed by the CBI have been lodged in the CCS police station at Nampally during the night. However, in the case of Acharya, he was detained at Dilkusha guest house itself.In the meanwhile, Acharya filed a petition seeking bail and contended that 'whatever he had done, he did it in good faith and with no malafide intentions. The CBI judge too consoled him, by saying that 'sometimes, our past haunts us,' and posted the matter for hearing on February 1.Acharya also told the court that he had a heart ailment, upon which the court directed the authorities to ensure that he is provided sufficient medical attention. B P Acharya's wife Ranjeev Acharya, herself an IAS officer, was present in the court and watched the proceedings silently. As is the rule, Acharya is likely to be suspended within the next 48 hours. -----------------------------------Mantris help themselves to double pay-hikeB Krishna Prasad TNNHYDERABAD: The Kiran Kumar Reddy government has been so far indifferent to the demand of Junior government doctors demanding a hike of Rs 5,000 in their salary, but wasted no time in doubling the salaries of its ministers. At its meeting here on Monday, the state cabinet decided to hike the salary of the ministers from the current nearly Rs one lakh a month to Rs 2.15 lakh per month! This includes various allowances as well as telephone and office expenses.Significantly, the hike has been made effective from December 2011, implying that they are in for a big packet of arrears on February 1.The basic pay of the ministers was increased from Rs 5,000 to Rs 14,000 while for the chief minister, it would be Rs 16,000 per month. The special allowance was increased from Rs 3,200 to Rs 8,000, sumptuary allowance from Rs 3,000 to Rs 7,000, Camp Office allowance from Rs 5,000 to Rs 10,000, attender allowance from Rs 5,000 to Rs 20,000, security car allowance from Rs 15,000 to Rs 25,000, own car allowance from Rs 10,000 to Rs 30,000, fuel charges from Rs 7,000 to Rs 15,000.The Dearness Allowance while on tours was hiked from Rs 300 per day to Rs 1,500 while outside the state and Rs 1,000 within. Mileage allowance was hiked from Rs 10 per km to Rs 20 per km. And from the earlier policy of giving each minister Rs 15,000 once in three years to buy mobile phones, the cabinet decided to give them a one-time grant of Rs 35,000. \"Since the ministers use high-end phones, it was decided to give them a one-time grant so that the phones need not be returned,\" the cabinet note said.It was also decided that henceforth, the spouses of ministers will also be allowed to travel with them on official tours. \"The presence of spouse with the minister will go a long way in ensuring stability and focus,\" is how the cabinet note justified the perk.\"Apart from these, there is a constituency allowance which is around Rs 83,000. Ministers are also allowed to have three domestic helps at their homes at a payment of Rs 2,000 salary each and three attenders with each of them being paid Rs 6,700 as salary,\" detailed a senior official in the government. The cabinet meeting unanimously cleared the proposal as every minister set to benefit with the steep increase.The hike is expected to cost the state exchequer an additional Rs 5.5 crore per year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "macherla", "code": "11692620", "title": "School bus mows down 7-yr-old boy", "text": "MACHERLA: A seven-year-old boy was crushed to death in a freak mishap here on Monday when he came under the wheels of a private school bus. In another case, a four-month-old infant was reportedly mauled to death by a stray dog.J Manikantha got down from the bus at Kothapalli village near Macherla and was walking when the driver reversed the vehicle and ran over the student. He died on the spot.Villagers rushed to the spot and beat up the driver. Manikantha came to his village after the school management declared holiday following the state-wide bandh organised by dalit organizations in protest against the desecration of Ambedkar statues.Parents of the child Javiri Subbarao and Ananthalakshmi lodged a complaint against the school management and demanded stringent punishment against the driver.In another incident, locals found the body of a four-month-old baby girl near PWD Colony being dragged by a stray dog.They alerted the cops who took the body to the government hospital. Police are investigating whether the baby was mauled to death by the dog or killed by unidentified persons.\"We are figuring out whether the baby's body was dumped by the assailants and later it was picked up by the dog,\" a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11693149", "title": "Sun smiles as winter makes an exit in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Though the weatherman says that summer is at least three weeks away, the temperature in the city hit 30 degrees Celsius on Monday. This is an indication of the end of winter in the city, says the weatherman.\"Summer is likely to begin in Chennai by the end of February. The temperature would be in the normal limits though the presence of cold wind has stopped,\" said a senior official of the Regional Meteorological Department in the city.During January and February, the weather office estimates 32 degrees Celsius as the maximum temperature. Though Met data shows otherwise, residents are beginning to feel the heat.\"It is getting hotter and we can't sleep without fans and air conditioners. We have started using ACs since the past four days. Even the nights are getting warmer,\" says R Sargunan, a resident of Kilpauk.\"There is even a possibility of rain and thunderstorms in the beginning of summer, probably by the last week of February or early March,\" said the official.Met officials said they expect the current weather to remain more or less the same for at least two more weeks.\"The temperature will slightly increase by the second week of February,\" he said. According to the Indian Meteorological Department, winter in Chennai begins in January and lasts till mid-February before the start of summer in March.Thanks to cyclone Thane, the minimum temperature levels shot up drastically early this month. The normal minimum temperature in Chennai during winter in 18-19 degrees Celsius. After cyclone Thane, it has shot up to 24 degrees Celsius this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11693026", "title": "Doctor gets life term for killing wife", "text": "PUNE: The court of additional sessions Judge S P Tawade sentenced a 48-year-old physician, Sitaram Dada Sarode, to life imprisonment for murdering his wife. The incident happened in Pune is 2008.Sarode, a BAMS doctor and Sangeeta Rewji Masal alias Manisha Sitaram Sarode, 39, a pharmacist, got married in 1993. Manisha stayed with Sarode in Manmad (Nashik district) till 2000 and then moved to Pune after she got the job of a pharmacist at the Pune Municipal Corporation's Sonawane hospital.Manisha stayed at Durganagar in Pune with her mother and two children. Sarode used to visit them twice a month.The prosecution's case is that Sarode suspected his wife's fidelity and would harass her physically and mentally. In 2006, she had given a complaint to the police. The dispute was resolved then.On August 30, 2008, Sarode hit Manisha on her head with the lid of an autoclave, a medical instrument used to sterilize equipment. When she turned around, he threw acid on her face. Later, he went to the police and surrendered himself. Meanwhile, Manisha called up the city police control room before collapsing on the floor. Their son, who was 11 years old then, was a witness to the incident. Manisha's mother rushed her to a private hospital with the help of neighbours. She had sustained 45 percent burn injuries.The prosecution said the police recorded her statement at the hospital twice before she succumbed on September 5, 2008.The Chatushrungi police arrested Sarode on murder charges and assistant police Inspector N B Devkare filed a chargesheet against him.Additional Public Prosecutor Asif Basit examined 13 witnesses and relied on Manisha's dying declaration and her son's testimony, direct and circumstantial evidence.The couple's son is 15 years old now and the daughter is 18 years old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11693187", "title": "Parties withhold nomination forms to quell revolt", "text": "PUNE: All the major political parties in the city, held back the distribution of form A and B to their candidates even though the last date of filing nominations is Tuesday. The reason? Many likely candidates of the Nationalist Congress Party, Congress, BJP, Shiv Sena and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena may revolt if denied party tickets.Till late Monday evening political parties were busy finalizing the lists of candidates. Once the final lists are out by Tuesday morning, parties fear that many party workers who are denied candidature will file nomination papers as independents or join other parties.Sensing the situation, party city unit chiefs are withholding form A and B. Form 'A' which has to be submitted with the nomination is the declaration by the registered political party to nominate the candidate while form 'B' is the letter of nomination by the party.In earlier elections, the state election commission had made it mandatory for candidates to submit the A and B forms by the last date of filing the nomination forms. However, the Election Commission has extended the date and issued a fresh order allowing submission of A and B forms till the date of withdrawal (February 3).\"This has helped us keep the situation under control. We will announce the list of candidates who will fill the nomination forms. We will watch the situation and then hand over form A and B to candidates on February 3. Till then we will mitigate the situation and if the rebel candidates do not withdraw and we feel that he or she has more chances of winning the polls compared to the nominated candidate, we can change the decision and handover the A and B form to rebel candidates,\" said a city unit chief of a national political party.If the candidate fails to submit these documents till the last date of submission then his/ her candidature is considered as independent.Kalmadi supporters dominate 2nd listThe Congress on Monday announced a second list of 46 candidates for the February 16 civic polls. The party had announced the names of 38 candidates last Tuesday. Monday's list includes including Congress city unit chief Abhay Chhajed, former standing committee chairman Arvind Shinde, Kiran Bartakke, Dattatreya Sassane, Avinash Bagwe (son of MLA Ramesh Bagwe) and Shankar Pawar.School board chairman Sangeeta Tiwari and former Congress women wing chief Neeta Rajput are in the second list. Anti- Kalmadi faction leader Sanjay Balgude's name has been included. Meanwhile, the BJP city leaders continued to discuss the list of candidates late on Monday evening as there was no unanimity over many candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11693355", "title": "After all-time high, jasmine prices see a great fall", "text": "MADURAI: The price of jasmine, which had shot up to nearly 1,500 a kg on Sunday, the highest in recent times, started decreasing on Monday, bringing all-round relief. While the price had come down to about 450 a kg in Madurai, it was 250 a kg in places like Kanyakumari.Flowers, especially jasmine, are in high demand during the Tamil month of Thai, popular for weddings, but jasmine even during the peak season doesn't go beyond 450 a kg. This weekend, however, it climbed to 1,500 a kg, forcing many to use cheaper flowers like roses for wedding decorations.Madurai Flower Market Vendors' Association president S Ramachandran said the fresh flowering season had brought relief. \"It is fortunate that winter is almost over and the hot afternoons will aid the blooming of these flowers. The price that stood at 1,500 a kg two days ago has come down to 450 a kg and will remain so for the next week,\" he said.Jasmine farmers in Nilakottai in Dindigul district say it is good that winter is coming to an end. Sonnai, a farmer, said that despite the high prices they had found it difficult to meet the demand as the flowers had started wilting very soon. \"Unlike, in the month of Margazhi and during the Mandalam-Makaram season popular with Ayyappa devotees, when even the smaller buds can be sold off, in the month of Thai, decorators and makers of garlands, ask for full blooms,\" he said.Farmers say they pay the flower-pickers, usually women and children, 100 for a specific quantity. The picking is usually done early in the morning. This year, the cold weather kept the usual pickers away forcing farmers to pay higher wages to others in spite of the buds getting spoilt due to the weather.R Karunanidhi, a member of the Thovalai flower market in Kanyakumari district, said the flowers had now started arriving in the desirable form and the price had decreased to 250 a kg. \"We have to supply flowers for temple festivals in Kerala from mid-February to April. With the climate and weather improving, it is good for both flowers and vendors,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11693295", "title": "Three arrestedfor hatching murder plot", "text": "CHENNAI: Police said they had foiled conspiracies to murder with the arrest of three members of two rival gangs in Vyasarpadi on Monday.A police officer said the leaders of the gangs were arrested while they were plotting to murder each other.One of their associates was also taken into custody. One of the accused, Murugan, is the brother of notorious gangster Nagendran, who is serving a life term in Coimbatore prison.Acting on a tip-off, police teams led by MKB Nagar assistant commissioner of police Go Vi Manoharan on Monday arrested P Murugan, 30, of Sathyamurthy Nagar in Vyasarpadi, his associate A Satish alias Satishkumar, 23, of V Kalyanapuram in Vyasarpadi, and rival gang leader M Karthik alias 'Pavadai' Karthik, 28, of Bhakthavatchalam Colony in Vyasarpadi.Murugan and Karthik had hatched plots to eliminate each other and were waiting for an opportunity. \"We were monitoring them.The police team nabbed them from their hideouts,\" the officer said.In combing operations over the past week, special teams of the Chennai police arrested 45 notorious rowdies, including Durai, Selvakumar, Raja, Maran, Veera, Premkumar and Veerpathiran.Police executed 200 non-bailable warrants and nearly 254 people were arrested on preventive charges. At least 10 offenders were arrested and valuables worth Rs 5 lakh recovered from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11692348", "title": "Shylocks rule, poor rue their fate", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mohammed Yusuf, a fruit vendor from Mir Alam Mandi, did not know that the Rs 15,000 he borrowed more than a year ago from a local moneylender would spiral into a debt trap. He had borrowed the money for meeting contingency expenses from a \"friend\" but soon realized that the draconian terms of the lender would never allow him to repay his debt.The plight of individuals like Yusuf from the impoverished lanes of the Old City are trickling out in the wake of the ongoing police drive against illegal financing. In the last ten days alone, the South Zone police booked 72 cases of illegal financing and extortion. While the highly successful police action has sent the financiers running for cover, it is increasingly becoming apparent that there is a need to address the issue of access to finance in the Old City.Explaining the modus operandi of illegal financers, police sources say that money lenders thrive on the misfortune of their borrowers. Lenders lend money for short durations of time by charging exorbitant rates of interest. The borrowers have to make weekly or even daily payments with interest quotient that could range anywhere between 20-50 per cent.If big money is lent, the financier takes surety. This could be in the form of a \"gift deed\", where the house or some other property is \"gifted\" to the lender. The lender uses the term \"gift\" to escape extortion charges. Only after the full repayment is made, the deed is cancelled. They say that several moneylenders have become rich by swindling properties and are now dabbling in real estate.Civil society members working with self help financing groups say that the system of illegal financing pushes borrowers into a vicious cycle of debt. \"Given the high rate of interests, many borrowers fail to repay the loan. The situation forces them to borrow once again from other sources to repay the loan. This way the debt becomes neck high, leaving them vulnerable to harassment.Unable to bear the stress, they simply run away from their homes or take the extreme step of committing suicide,\" said a civil society member. He adds that even then the loan is not excused and the remaining family members are subjected to harassment. Yusuf says that his lender did not consider the loan as cleared on the pretext that he had missed some days of payments.\"Poor borrowers like me are likely to default as the repayment amount is very high. When we miss a day's payment, we are made to pay twice or even thrice the daily amount the next day. But the \"penalty\" is often not adjusted against the loan,\" he says. When he approached the police, Yusuf had already paid Rs 24,000 to his moneylender.The police and civil society members opine that the problem warrants a multi-pronged solution. They say only if the government and the private sector banks come together, can the poor residents of the Old City come out of the grip of moneylenders. Pointing out the lack of government funding schemes, Mazher Hussain of Cova says that the poor have no options. \"Existing schemes like Pavala Vaddi launched by the government are non-existent in the Old City. The schemes come into picture during the time of elections but have not benefitted the citizens,\" he said. He added that the problem is compounded as banks shy away from lending to the poor. \"Banks, especially nationalized banks, should come forward to help the poor. Currently the poor cannot get loans even for starting businesses to sustain themselves, leave alone personal consumption,\" he said.Abanker from the Old City, requesting anonymity, said that it is not easy for the poor to get loans easily. \"Most of our borrowers are from areas like Dilshuk Nagar, Uppal and even Secunderabad though we have a good number of account holders from the Old City. Even if documents are in order banks are not forthcoming towards the poor in this area as recovery can become a problem later,\" he admitted.South Zone DCP, Manish Kumar Sinha who has been spearheading the drive against moneylenders calls for a multi-pronged approach to tackle the problem. \"Our efforts should supplement the means to address the core issue - lack of access to money. We will be making another 30-40 arrests in the coming days but we will also counsel the financiers to keep their businesses legitimate and provide money at lower interest rates,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11693364", "title": "Mamata's Sunderbans visit stumps tourist plans", "text": "KOLKATA: Utter confusion prevailed in the Sunderbans just a day before chief minister Mamata Banerjee's visit to the mangrove islands. A notice, apparently issued by the district administration, triggered cancellation of lodge and boat bookings as hundreds deferred their planned visit. Tour operators were told that none will be allowed to move into Sunderbans during the chief minister's trip. District magistrate NS Nigam, however, denied of putting up any such notice.\"No order was made barring tourist entry into Sunderbans,\" said Nigam.On Monday, several tourist lodges in Pakhiralaya received frantic calls from tourists asking them if their bookings had been cancelled. Most tour operators were in the dark about the instruction and failed to clear their doubts. They did not know if they could operate their boats to fetch the tourists. The cloud of uncertainty was cleared later in the day with the district magistrate making it clear that no restriction has been imposed on tourist movements. Scores of bookings had been cancelled by then.\"This being the tourist season, it led to a big confusion. Hundreds had booked rooms in advance and they were obviously taken aback. Many chose to cancel their bookings instead of waiting for a clarification from the government. Many of us are facing losses,\" said Mrinal Chatterjee, secretary of the Institute of Climbers' and Nature-Lovers' Association that runs a lodge at Pakhiralaya.Dibyendu Mondol, a tour operator, said scores of launch bookings have been cancelled since Thursday. \"In fact, it was from the spate of cancellations that we came to know about the order. When we checked with the Sajnekhali forest office, we were told that an order had been issued but later withdrawn. But most had already cancelled their trips by then,\" said Mondol.Meanwhile, tourism is expected to be high on Mamata's agenda as she embarks on a day-long trip of the mangrove islands from Tuesday. But with a crumbling infrastructure and illegally constructed tourist lodges, tourism is far from a position to take off, felt tour operators and experts. Basic facilities need to be strengthened rather than building more lodges, they pointed out.\"First, we need to stop the construction of lodges. For all practical purposes, the existing ones can't be demolished. But the authorities need to set a cut-off date for disallowing new constructions. We also need to develop the roads connecting Kolkata with the entry points to Sunderbans, namely Godkhali and Namkhana. Roads and potable water should also be a priority,\" said Chatterjee.But the tourism department is not yet ready with an overall policy on tourism or illegal structures, said tourist minister Rachpal Singh. \"We are aware of the lodges at Pakhiralaya. Steps will be taken against those which have violated the norms. The tourist lodge at Sajnekhali, too, will not be allowed to function since it has been declared illegal. But we are yet to decide if these lodges will be demolished,\" said Singh.The chief minister's visit could show the way, said Sunderban development minister Shyamal Mondol. Even though the stress will be on developing infrastructure, the present budget was a constraint, said Mondol. \"Work is already in progress for building roads and bridges. Unless we develop these, any tourism activity will be futile. There are funds constraints so we are keeping our fingers crossed. Illegal lodges have been under the scanner. We expect the chief minister's visit to provide a fillip to development activities in the area,\" said Mondol.Curb on illegal construction should be a priority, echoed Anurag Danda, Sunderban landscape, of the WWF. \"We need to wean away tourists from the tiger reserve area to the fringes. There's a misconception that only the reserve area has tigers and that it is more beautiful. So far as lodges are concerned, the state government should demolish the Sajnekhali lodge first and then ask the private owners to pull down theirs,\" Danda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11692725", "title": "Different blood pressure in arms linked to heart risk", "text": "NEW DELHI: Is the blood pressure on your right hand different from that in left? If so, you are more prone to heart disease and stroke.A new Lancet study, published on Monday, says differences in systolic blood pressure between arms could be a useful indicator of the likelihood of vascular risk and death. The findings bolster support to the calls for both-arm blood pressure checks to be performed as standard.The study reviewed 28 papers covering difference in systolic blood pressure between arms. It found significant evidence to suggest that a difference of 15mm Hg or more was associated with increased risk of peripheral vascular disease (the narrowing and hardening of the arteries that supply blood to the legs and feet - 2.5 times increased risk), pre-existing cerebrovascular disease (affecting the blood supply to the brain and often associated with cognitive issues such as dementia - 1.6 times increased risk) and mortality, both as a result of cardiovascular problems and generally - 60% increased risk. The risk of peripheral vascular disease was also increased at a difference of 10mm Hg or more.Dr Anoop Misra, chairman of Fortis' Centre of Excellence for Diabetes, Metabolic Diseases and Endocrinology, said, \"This is an interesting finding. Usually, we check the BP of a single arm. Only in case of diabetics, we check BP in both arms and legs. Usually, 30% of patients in India show a 10 mm Hg variation between the two arms. However, checking BP in both arms is a simple exercise, and can be followed.\"Cardiologist Dr K K Aggarwal, who is the president of Heart Care Foundation of India, said, \"Whenever a patient visits us for the first time, we check the BP in all the four limbs. The BP of lower limb should ideally be more than the upper limb. If it is less than upper limb, it is indicative of blockages in leg arteries and if the BP difference in two arms is more than 15 mm Hg, it is indicative of blockages in the arm artery. Blockage in the arms is associated with blockages in the brain vessels and heart arteries.\"Dr Christopher Clark from the University of Exeter Peninsula College of Medicine and Dentistry (PCMD), who led the Lancet study, said, \"We set out to investigate whether there was an association between differences in systolic blood pressure between arms and vascular disease and mortality. Our findings indicate a strong association, and that differences of 10mm Hg or 15mm Hg or more might help to identify patients who are at risk and who need further vascular assessment.\"The authors note that early detection of PVD is important because interventions to promote smoking cessation, lower blood pressure or offer statin therapy can reduce mortality. Most cases, however, are clinically silent, and gold-standard non-invasive identification of this disease requires detection of a reduced ankle-brachial pressure index (ratio of BP in ankle to BP in arm) at rest or after a stress test.This complex technique requires time, experience and training and is not routinely undertaken in primary-care assessment of hypertensive patients. \"Thus, the findings of this new study further support the need for both-arm blood pressure checks to be the norm,\" it adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11694174", "title": "Zoo displays Indian grey wolf", "text": "MYSORE: A litter of pups of the Indian grey wolf were displayed to public at Mysore Zoo on Monday. A pair of wolves was brought from Gadag Zoo in May 2010 and was first bred in captivity. It gave birth to seven pups in January 2011, but three died of illness.The wolf gave birth to five pups in December 2011. The young ones are now 45 days old and are healthy. The pups are fed with chicken pieces. Now, the zoo is displaying 11 wolves including their pups.This apart, scarlet ibis, black-necked white swans, lories and green anacondas were moved to their new enclosures at Mysore Zoo. This will enable the visitors to have a better view of the exotic species. The zoo, which received eight scarlet ibises and three black-necked swans from Zoo Zlin from the Czech Republic, in December, was moved to a large enclosure. They had been kept in another enclosure for a month to help them acclimatize to the city's weather. The big enclosure has sufficient space for the ibises fly around freely, and has a pond which has been created for the swans. The total area of enclosure is 40x40 ft, which has a high roof. The facility has been created for its breeding too. Ornamental plants have been planted to give the enclosure an aesthetic feel. The combination of the black-necked swans and free-flying scarlet ibises is surely a treat to watch and is expected to be an attractive enclosure. Zoo executive director B P Ravi said the ibises are 18 months old and will come out in its colour over a period.Meanwhile, four varieties of lories - red lorie, dusky lorikeet, rainbow lorikeet and Australia lorikeet, a total of 23 lories were moved to the spacious enclosure. A new facility for the green anacondas brought from Sri Lanka was inaugurated on Monday. It has two separate enclosures with glass panels, which provides visitors a better view of the reptiles. A pond has also been created there. The facility was built at a cost of Rs 9 lakh. Officials, however, said they will continue to keep the reptile in the old enclosure as the new building would be freezing cold and could cause threat to the lives of the cold-blooded creatures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11692890", "title": "Vilasrao takes on alliance partner over defections", "text": "MUMBAI: Congress leader and former Maharashtra chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh has targeted the NCP over the issue of defections.\"A political party does not grow on the support of defectors. In fact, once a defector, always a defector. They have no stability and whenever they get an opportunity, they shift loyalty for petty gains,\" Deshmukh said at an election meeting in Kolhapur-in an oblique reference to deputy CM and senior NCP leader Ajit Pawar-in the presence of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and MPCC president Manikrao Thakre.Deshmukh, who has been away from state politics since quitting as chief minister in the wake of the 26/11 terror attack, has been on a tour of rural Maharashtra for the zilla parishad elections. While the Congress has reached an agreement with the NCP for the civic polls, it will contest against Sharad Pawar's party in the zilla parishad elections. \"The real contest is in the rural areas. We are contesting against the NCP and are sure of winning,\" Deshmukh, currently minister of science &amp; technology and earth sciences, said.Deshmukh's statement assumes significance as the NCP seems to encouraging defections even from its alliance partner, the Congress. A week ago, former Shiv Sena MP and Hingoli district Congress committee president Shivaji Mane joined the NCP in the presence of Ajit Pawar. On Monday, former MLA Shankar Kambli joined the NCP in the presence of state party president Madhukar Pichad. Kambli, an ex-Shiv Sena leader, had joined the Congress along with veteran Sena leader Narayan Rane .It seems Deshmukh has chosen the platform of the zilla parishad elections to stage a comeback in Maharashtra politics. \"It's a well-known fact in Congress circles that not only Deshmukh, but also Union power minister Sushilkumar Shinde , is keen to return to state politics,\" a Congress minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11692820", "title": "HC stays proceedings against Bhatt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a big relief to suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt, the Gujarat high court on Monday stayed all proceedings against him in connection with the complaint by Ghatlodia police for furnishing false information and evading summons.Admitting Bhatt's plea for quashing the complaint lodged by ACP N C Patel during probe on K D Panth's accusations, justice Anant Dave stayed the process and kept final hearing in last week of February.Last year, ACP Patel filed the complaint before a magisterial court for booking Bhatt under sections 172 (absconding to avoid service of summons) and 177 (furnishing false information) of IPC. The court asked Bhatt to remain present as part of court inquiry over the accusation that Bhatt did not speak truth when he said that he was to appear before the Nanavati commission on September 30.ACP Patel had summoned Bhatt in connection with Panth's FIR that the senior cop had coerced him to swear the affidavit for submission to the amicus curiae Raju Ramachandran in order to establish his presence at chief minister Narendra Modi's residence on February 27, 2002 evening. tnnWhile for other FIRs filed against him in the city after he filed the affidavit in the Supreme Court, Bhatt has sought transfer of the probe. But in this case, Bhatt immediately moved HC for quashing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11693889", "title": "Management fest begins at SCMS institute", "text": "KOCHI: Shikhar '12, a two-day management fest being organized by the management students of the School of Communication and Management Studies (SCMS), began on the institue campus on Monday.Addressing the gathering after the inauguration of the fest, G P C Nayar, chairman, SCMS Group, said that to sustain the economic growth achieved by the nation, India would need to develop a large number of globally-competent professional managers. Management fests like Shikhar '12, in which students from business schools and colleges all over the south would participate, are the appropriate occasions for sharpening the skills of budding young managers.V Raman Nair, director, SCMS, Radha Thevannoor, group director, R T R Varma and Sudheer Sudhakaran participated in the inaugural function. The fest will have events like best manager, business plan, brand wars, mad ads, HR game, IT game, stock game, marketing game, treasure hunt and event management being hosted on the campus. The winners will be honored during the valedictory function to be held in the evening on the second day.Shikhar '12, the two-day fest which began on Monday has several management events lined up", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11693933", "title": "Kochi Metro hits new road block over land acquisition", "text": "KOCHI: Land acquisition on the Vyttila - Petta stretch is proving to be a difficult task for the Kochi Metro Rail project as public protest is gaining momentum.The district administration was set to complete land acquisition in this stretch within a month, but with authorities yet to resolve the issue the process has come to a halt midway. The public uproar followed Kochi Metro Rail Limited's (KMRL) decision to widen the roads by acquiring 30 metres of land instead of the collector's decision to acquire 26 metre along the same stretch. The Vyttila - Petta Road action council protested saying they will not allow authorities to proceed with KMRL's decision.Convener VP Chandran said that the decision to widen the road by 26 metres was taken at a meeting jointly held by district collector P I Sheik Pareeth, MLA Benny Behanan and other representatives. KMRL has no right to overrule this decision, he added. \"Many land owners agreed with the collector and were willing to hand over 26 metres of land. The collector had promised that issues will be discussed amicably and now the authorities are silent. We will intensify the protest if the authorities favour KMRL's stand,\" Chandran said. KMRL has confirmed that it plans to go ahead with its original plan. Explaining why 30 metres of land is required, KMRL managing director Tom Jose said they were following the state government's directive that cites 30 metre wide roads for state highways.\"The Vyttila - Petta Road is one of the major roads connecting Ernakulam with Muvattupuzha and other eastern districts. The road is already facing traffic congestion and the condition will worsen in the days to come. The only solution is to widen the road as per government directive,\" he said.\"If 30 metres is not acquired along this stretch, there would not be space for utility corridors and parking lot on the side bays,\" he said. Meanwhile, the district collector said that a meeting will be convened next week to discuss the issue with KMRL officials, the Public Works Ddepartment and the affected parties.\"We had already settled the dispute and people were willing to hand over their land. We hope that there will be a favourable decision at the meeting,\" Pareeth said.KMRL's decision to to widen the roads by acquiring 30 metres of land instead of the collector's decision to acquire 26 metre has led to an uproar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11693121", "title": "153 vehicles seized in 2011 for illegal transport of liquor", "text": "PUNE: Action against illegal transport and sale of liquor registered a significant increase in Pune district in 2011 as against 2010. According to the state excise department, about 25 vehicles were seized in 2010 for illegally transporting liquor, which increased to 153 in 2011. This means about 12 to 13 vehicles were seized by the state excise department every month in 2011.S N Chavan, superintendent, state excise (Pune), said, \"A continuous action was planned in the district against illegal transport, stock and distribution of liquor. It has registered good success in 2011. For the first time, more than 150 vehicles were seized in a calendar year.\"Sources from the state excise department said that having a good network of roads with easy connectivity to other states has made Pune vulnerable to illegal transportation of liquor. Hence, the department initiated steps to undertake continuous vigil through special teams that were deployed in each of the 13 talukas in the district.The squads undertook checking on major roads around Pune and also at check posts and toll nakas on national highways passing through the district. Vehicles seized by officials include commercial vehicles like trucks, tempos and private four wheelers.Chavan said, \"Drive against illegal transportation of liquor will continue in 2012. The department on Monday booked two such cases pertaining to illegal transport and stock of illicit liquor. In one case, a private vehicle was seized at Wagholi octroi post carrying a stock of 756 bottles of liquor illegally from Goa - booty including the vehicle amounted to Rs 5.27 lakh. Three persons were arrested in the case. In another case, a stock of illegal liquor worth Rs. 76,510 was seized in Wadgaonsheri.\"According to the department, about 969 people were arrested in 2011 as against 606 in 2010 in connection with illegal trade of liquor. Material worth Rs 2.76 crore was seized in the raids conducted in 2011 as against Rs 1.76 crore in 2010.Liquor sale up in 2011As per the latest statistics with the department, sale of wine, beer and country liquor has registered an increase, while that of Indian made foreign liquor (IMFL) has registered a decline in Pune in 2011 (April to December) as compared to sales of 2010 in the corresponding period. IMFL sales decreased by around 6.5%, while sale of wine was up by 40% followed by country liquor (2%) and beer (0.43%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11693925", "title": "Punjab breaks records, records 77% voter turnout", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab broke all past records to clock its maximum voter turnout ever: 76.63%. A high turnout is traditionally seen as a sign of anti-incumbency , more so in Punjab which has never returned any party to power since 1966. Voting in the state in assembly elections has never dipped below 64%.In 2007, the turnout was 75.45%. A similar voter gusto was evident in 2009 Lok Sabha elections when the state polled more than the national average with 58%, sending more Congress MPs than Akalis to Parliament.Like earlier, this time, too, villages and towns queued up in huge numbers. Urban areas saw a rise in voting as well, largely due to the anti-corruption wave sweeping the country and EC's drive to register new voters. With anti-incumbency being the norm in Punjab since the '60s, this time, too, it's likely to give sleepless nights to the Badal family until the results on March 6.In 10 polls since 1967, Punjab has scored over 64%, with just one exception in 1992 when polling dipped to 24 % because of militancy. The parties, however, are interpreting the turnout to suit their own assessments. Effectively , both the contenders for power, Congress and SAD-BJP , are claiming victory.\"The higher the turnout, the greater the anti-incumbency,\" said Congress's CM candidate Amarinder Singh. But SAD boss Sukhbir Badal countered, \"This is pro-incumbency. People want development that we have started to continue.\" There was a phenomenal turnout in the remote border constituency of Guruharsahay, which clocked 90%. Amritsar West (reserved) polled the lowest with 56%. Muktsar, which has two high voltage constituencies in Lambi and Gidderbaha, recorded a maximum of 82%: Lambi has CM Parkash Singh Badal possibly fighting his last electoral battle whereas Gidderbaha will decide the fate of his estranged nephew Manpreet.It has turned out to be a mini Kurukshetra with the 84-year-old patriarch of the Akalis bled by two of his own: younger brother Gurdas fighting him on a PPP ticket and cousin Maheshinder taking on him as Congress candidate.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11692422", "title": "Make public selection procedure of envoys: CIC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Information Commission (CIC) has asked the government to make the selection procedure for the appointment of ambassadors to various countries public.The order came on the RTI application filed by Kishanlal Mittal, who had sought to know from the external affairs ministry, the procedure for the appointment for ambassadors and high commissioners to various countries during the last five years.Mittal had also sought to know the procedure for appointment of secretaries during the period.The ministry had provided partial reply to the application, saying, \"Taking into account India's bilateral and multilateral relations, disclosure of such information could prejudicially affect India's relations with foreign state.\"It also refused to give details, saying the appointment process also involves examination of annual confidential report (ACR) records of the officers containing details about the \"character, capability and other attributes of the official reported upon, disclosure of which to any other person amounts to unwarranted invasion in the privacy of the individual\".Citing exemption clauses of the RTI Act which allow withholding of the information that is personal and can affect India's relations with foreign countries, the MEA refused to provide this information.\"The PIO will provide the process of appointment. In case no process of exists, this should be stated... The PIO states that there are three boards for dealing with personnel and postings. The PIO is directed to provide the information on these and minutes of the last three meetings of these boards,\" information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi said in his order.He also directed to post on the ministry's website a compiled list of committee and other bodies as mandated under the pro-active disclosure clause of the RTI Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11692861", "title": "Five held for availing loans in lieu of fake gold biscuits", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five persons were arrested for availing of loans after depositing fake gold biscuits and ornaments with financial institutions. Worse still, they even managed to sell some of the fake gold to unsuspecting customers.The arrested were identified as Dheeraj Sachdeva, 25, a sales manager with Muthoot Fincorp Ltd, Matloob Saifi, 29, who works as manager with the company's Karol Bagh branch, Sandeep Verma, 36, Daljeet Singh, 33, and Charanjeet, 56, police said. Daljeet is a goldsmith while Charanjeet is a dye-maker, they said. The main accused, Jitender, is on the run, the police said. Two of his friends besides an employee of Najafgarh Muthoot and another working with Najafgarh Infoline are under the scanner, the police said.Is your investment in gold safe? Thousands of investors were left asking this question on Monday after the crime branch unearthed a racket of five cheats - including a manager of Muthoot Finance and another its sales executive - for allegedly availing loans after depositing fake gold biscuits and ornaments. Worse, they even managed to sell some of these biscuits.The scam is estimated to be over Rs 2.5 crore with the police saying loans worth Rs 2 crore were taken by the gang by depositing the fake gold items at eight branches of Muthoot Finance and India Info Line. \"We also recovered dyes used for making the fake biscuits and coins,'' said additional DCP (crime) Sanjay Bhatia. Sources said at least eight others, including employees from three branches of a private finance company, are involved in the scam.The arrested have been identified as Dheeraj Sachdeva (25), Matloob Saifi (29), Sandeep Verma (36), Daljeet Singh (33) and Charanjeet (56). Sachdeva is the Sales Manager with Muthoot Fincorp Ltd while Saifi worked as Manager in the bank's Karol Bagh branch. Singh is a gold smith Charanjeet is a Dye Maker. Two friends of one absconding Jeetender - a goldsmith - and one employee each of Najafgarh Muthoot and Najafgarh In foline are being investigated for their role.The sources said so far the accused have taken loans of around Rs 18 lakh from Muthoot Fincorp's Najafgarh branch, Rs 40 lakh from its Daryaganj branch and Rs 51 lakh from the Karol Bagh unit. They have also availed of loans worth Rs 4 lakh from India Info Line office at Patel Nagar, Rs 11 lakh from its Dwarka branch, Rs 3 lakh from the Najafgarh branch and Rs 9 lakh from the Bhajan Pura unit using the fake gold items.On February 3, Varun Kumar, area manager of Muthoot Fincorp Ltd of Najafgarh branch lodged a complaint where he stated that their core business is financing on gold. A customer who requires finance can pledge their gold with the bank. Along with this business, their company also offers one Swarna Varsham, a scheme that enables a customer to purchase 24 Carat tamper proof 999 purity Gold Bar of Muthoot Fincorp branches on easy installments basis or by direct purchase. The accused targeted both operations.Gold Inspectors conduct periodical inspection of some pledged gold in their branches. In one of such inspection by the gold inspector in the month of November, 2011, it was found that the pledged Gold made by three customers was spurious. In a similar incident in the year 2010, one Sachin Gupta, a resident of Karol Bagh had purchased 252 Gms Gold Biscuits from Muthoot Fin Corp, Karol Bagh Branch. In year 2011, he pledged those gold biscuits in Muthoot Fin Corp. After some time, when the rates of the gold increased he took his pledged gold back and re- deposited it in Faridabad Branch and found the biscuits to be fake.\"They have told their interrogators Sandeep has a shop at Wazirpur. About a year back he came in contact with Jitender, who asked him to make fake gold bars for him as he used to take loans from people by pledging such fake items.\"Later, at his urging Sandeep became part of the gang. They conspired to take loans against fake gold items from Muthoot Fincorp Ltd and India Info Line. Both of them were known to Matloob. They discussed their plans with him and found loopholes in the way the company lent money in lieu of gold. Matloob introduced them to Dheeraj, who too was roped in. They convinced Charanjeet to make a fake dye \"Shubh Muthoot Gold Bar\" of 100gm and 20gm for which he got generous spoils of the profit.\"The modus operandi was unique too. Sandeep and Jitender would visit the Muthoot Fin Corp and India Info Line offices with the fake gold items. A few branch managers, who colluded with them, would allow them to get loans without verifying the purity of the items mortgaged.\"The accused submitted fake IDs with the companies. Matloob and Dheeraj chose the branches to be targeted The amount earned through fraudulent ways was shared equally between Dheeraj, Matloob, Sandeep and Jitender after deducting their expenses,'' said Bhatia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11692842", "title": "Two arrested for stealing 12 lakh from ATM", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Police has claimed to have solved an ATM theft that took place at Najafgarh on January 6 with the arrest of two men identified as Anish (19) and Arun Khatri (20). The duo had stolen the money to sponsor a holiday at Manali. The incident had been reported from the Ranaji Enclave, Uttam Nagar Road. The thieves had broken the ATM machine and stolen Rs12.38 lakh from the cash chamber of which Rs 1.80 lakh has been recovered by the police. A Maruti car, purchased with the stolen money, has also been recovered from the accused.\"On January 29, we received information from reliable sources that a notorious thief who had stolen money from an ATM machine would come to Ghasipura, Najafgarh, to meet a friend. A police team swung into action and laid a trap for him near Ghasipura chowk. At around 4pm, cops noticed a person, who was coming from Najafgarh, stop instantly after sensing police presence and then turn around and rush in the opposite direction. Suspicious, the police stopped him and questioned him at length. He revealed his name was Anish and initially tried to mislead the police by narrating the story about his poor background. When the cops questioned him about the ATM theft Anis finally broke down and confessed that he alongwith four associates had stolen the money. The cops arrested his associate Arun Khatri alongwith the stolen cash and recovered a car which was purchased with the stolen money,'' said DCP (southwest) Anil Kumar Ojha.During interrogation, the accused broke down and disclosed that on the intervening night of December 6, they along with three other associates made a plan to break into an Axis Bannk ATM machine situated at Najafgarh-UttamNagar road near Ranaji Enclave as it was unguarded. After analyzing the risk factors the accused assembled at Nangli dairy and discussed the plan further. As per plan, the accused reached the AXIS bank ATM machine with iron rods and special tools that facilitate break-ins and dissembled the ATM machine, the CCTV cameras and finally the machine vault gaining access to Rs 12.38 lakh. Thereafter they travelled to Manali on a holiday which was sponsored by the stolen cash. The remaining booty was distributed equally among the five accused, one of whom purchased a second hand Maruti car with his share.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "vellore", "code": "11693319", "title": "Burglars drill wall, steal Rs 1.5cr gold", "text": "VELLORE: A gang broke into a pawn shop inside a commercial complex on the Bangalore-Chennai highway here on Sunday night and decamped with gold jewellery worth Rs 1.5 crore.Police said a worker of the pawn shop at Ambur in Vellore district opened the outlet on Monday to find the locker door broken and a hole in the wall. She alerted shop owner R Sathiyamoorthy, from Vinnamangalam village.Sathiyamoorthy rushed to the shop and found that the wooden and iron doors leading to the locker room were broken and jewellery stolen. However, Rs 93,000 in cash kept in the wooden cupboards was not touched.He lodged a complaint with the Ambur taluk police. A police team accompanied by forensic experts inspected the scene for vital clues and fingerprints. A sniffer dog which was pressed into service ran till the neighbouring agricultural cooperative bank near the bank before returning to the shop.Sathiyamoorthy locked the shop around 8pm on Sunday and left home along with a worker. Police have formed three teams to nab the criminals.Police suspect that the burglars might have also planned to break into the nearby cooperative bank, which also extends loans on jewellery and has gold jewellery in its lockers.In August last year, burglars broke into two jewellery shops in Vellore within a span of two days and decamped with 4.5kg gold jewels. The modus operandi was similar as the burglars made a hole in the wall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11692741", "title": "Pune's min temp at 8.7 deg C is state's lowest", "text": "PUNE: For the first time this winter, the city recorded the state's lowest temperature at 8.7 degrees celsius on Monday. This was 2 degrees celsius below normal.The temperature was even lower than the 9 degrees celsius recorded by Nashik, which lies at the northern end of the central Maharashtra belt. Pune is located at the centre of this belt.Usually, the nights are colder in the northern parts of central Maharashtra including Jalgaon, Nashik and Malegaon, as compared to Pune and the southern parts of the belt that includes Satara, Sangli and Kolhapur.The maximum temperature too went down marginally by 1 degree celsius and was recorded at 29.9 degrees celsius.Over the last one week, the night temperature in Pune has gone down by 5.1 degrees celsius from 13.8 degrees celsius on January 23 to Monday's 8.7 degrees celsius. The minimum temperature on January 23 was three notches above normal.Warmer nights prevailed till January 28 following which the night temperature has dipped to below 10 degrees celsius mark and has now reached a level that is 2 degrees celsius below normal.P C S Rao, director (weather central) at the India Meteorological Department (IMD), told TOI on Monday, \"A western disturbance prevails over the Jammu and Kashmir and neighbourhood while a cyclonic circulation prevails over south Madhya Pradesh and neighbouring parts of central India.\"\"Prior to the cyclonic circulation, easterly winds were flowing into the central and western parts of the country, which includes Pune region. This had led to considerable moisture from the Bay of Bengal , which resulted in the temperatures going up,\" he said.\"However, the cyclonic circulation is now preventing the flow of easterly winds into the central and western India,\" said Rao.In addition to this, local weather conditions have turned conducive to fall in temperature, he added. \"We have had clear skies for the last few days and this increases the outgoing radiation. As a result, the temperatures drop,\" said Rao.The IMD has forecast the minimum temperature to remain around 9 degrees celsius in the next 24 hours while the maximum will be around 30 degrees celsius.The minimum is expected to further increase to 10 degrees celsius in next 48 hours while there would be no change in the maximum.Elsewhere, cold day conditions prevailed in some parts of Konkan and Goa region, which includes Mumbai, as the night temperatures remained appreciably below normal mark i.e. a difference of over 3 to 4 degrees Celsius from normal.The mercury dipped to 12.5 degrees celsius i.e. six notches below normal in Mumbai while Ratnagiri recorded 13.2 degrees celsius, which was also six degrees celsius below normal. Alibag recorded 14.6 degrees celsius (-3).In central Maharashtra, Malegaon recorded 10 degrees celsius (-2) while Ahmednagar and Jalgaon recorded 10.3 degrees celsius (-3) and 11.3 degrees celsius (-2), respectively. Satara recorded 11.4 degrees celsius and Mahabaleshwar recorded 12.7 degrees celsius (-1).Night temperatures were mostly 3 to 4 degrees celsius above normal at prominent places in Marathwada and Vidarbha regions like Aurangabad, Akola, Chandrapur and Nagpur. Although, the same was 4 degrees celsius below normal at 12.4 degrees celsius at Yavatmal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11693886", "title": "PWD works to begin in Feb", "text": "KOCHI: Public Works Department (PWD) will begin road repair works in the city in February. After completing the tender procedures, PWD is awaiting government sanction for allotting the tender as more amount was quoted by the contractors.Since the lowest amount quoted is 34% above the tender rates, PWD will have to get the finance department's nod to award the tender. \"We will soon send the road repair tenders to the government. We have already started work on the roads maintained by our department,'' said PWD executive engineer T I Jose. \"Work has begun on stretch from BTH junction to the guest house. Next in line are Shanmugham Road and GIDA Road,\" Jose said.The civic body is expected to meet PWD officials to discuss the revamping of side roads. The government has allotted Rs 28 crore for the project.According to PWD estimates, roads can be revamped with Rs 24 crore and remaining amount can be used for repairing side roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11692796", "title": "State's 'gas gateway' pipeline dream gets financial backing", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Gujarat's dream of becoming the 'gas gateway' to North India received strong financial backing worth Rs 4,500 crore from a dozen-odd nationalized banks on Monday, when state-sector company, Gujarat State Petronet Ltd (GSPL), signed up an agreement with the consortium led by Bank of India to fund the 2,200-km-long gas pipeline project from Mehsana to Jammu, via Bathinda in Punjab. The project will take three years to complete.\"With the financial closure of the GSPL project, work for the prestigious project that will transmit more than 40million standard cubic metres gas per day ( MSCMD) will begin,\" a senior energy department official told TOI. GSPL is a subsidiary of the state blue-chip company, Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC), involved in oil-and-gas exploration in KG Basin off Andhra coast and four other countries - Egypt , Yemen , Indonesia and Australia.In a related development, Gujarat government formed a special purpose vehicle, GSPL India Gasnet Ltd, to implement the project. It appointed Engineering Projects (India) Ltd, a Government of India public sector undertaking (PSU), as management consultants to guide and oversee the project's implementation.The banks which signed up the financial closure for GSPL under the consortium under Bank of India are - Allahabad Bank , Bank of Baroda , Canara Bank , Corporation Bank, Punjab National Bank , Punjab &amp; Sindh Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce, Union Bank of India, UCO Bank and Vijaya Bank . \"SBI Capital Markets was our merchant bankers,\" the official said.\"With the signing of the financial closure, all controversy surrounding the project's viability has come to an end,\" the official pointed out. \"The pipeline will be a great boon to Gujarat, as it will carry gas up to North India from the existing LNG terminals at Hazira and Dahej, as also the proposed LNG terminals at Mundra, Okha and Pipavav,\" the official added.It will also give Gujarat major political leverage, as the state would be in a controlling position for most of the gas that is imported at the state's LNG terminals. State officials have had talks with their Rajasthan government counterparts on the pipeline project. Thereafter, notices for right of way and right to use began being issued for laying the pipeline.Meanwhile, a separate agreement for financial closure is in final stages of preparation with a consortium of banks for funding the 1,600-km-long Malyavaram-Bhilwada gas pipeline project, which was also won by GSPL in an open bid in stiff competition from India's top gas major, Gas Authority of India Ltd (GAIL).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11693208", "title": "MNS releases first list of candidates for PCMC elections", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena on Sunday released its first list of 73 candidates for Pimpri Chichwad civic elections.The list includes Sandeep Dherange, vice-president of party's state transport unit and Pimpri assembly constituency unit; Sukdev Narale, president, Bhosari assembly constituency segment; Amrut Sonavane, vice-president, Pimpri Chinchwad unit; Pradeep Sapkal, president of Krishnanagar unit; former president Surendra Kulkarni; Shailesh Patil, former divisional president; Anant Korhale, president, Chinchwad assembly constituency unit; and Ganesh Jadhav, divisional vice-president.Raosaheb Thorat and Nilesh Mutke, vice-presidents, Pimpri Chinchwad students' wing, have also got tickets. Relatives of some office-bearers of allied organizations of the party have been included in the list. These include Ashvini Marathe, who is engaged to Sachin Chikhale, president, Pimpri Chinchwad unit of students' wing, and Nayana Borate, wife of Kuldeep Borate, who is an office-bearer of the students' wing. Ashvini Bangar, Anita Sonavane, Nirmala Khairaria and Mangal Shingare, who are executive committee members of the women's wing of Pimpri Chinchwad, have also been selected.The list was released by Vijay Tadwalkar, vice-president, state unit of MNS, and Anil Shidore, general secretary of the state unit. Most of the candidates would be contesting elections for the first time.Satish Phuge, former president of Pimpri Chinchwad unit of MNS, does not figure in the list. A total of 207 aspirants had taken application forms from the party, while 185 had appeared for the 100-mark written examination held by the party. The list of 73 candidates includes 35 women aspirants.Kuldeep Parande and Nilesh Mutke who got the highest score of 92 marks each figure in the list, while Mangal Shingare, who scored 14 marks in the exam, too gets to contest the elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "11694007", "title": "Delay in releasing salary grants: 7,500 teachers hit", "text": "DHARWAD: There seems to be no immediate end to the impasse created by teachers of unaided schools, who are on agitation mode seeking release of funds under the grant-in-aid scheme. While the state government is not ready to make any specific promise to them regarding the release of funds, the agitating teachers are not ready to call off the indefinite hunger strike launched 47 days ago.Visits and promises of fulfilling the demand by minister for primary and secondary education Vishweshwar Hegde Kageri, RDPR minister Jagadish Shettar, MP Prahlad Joshi and former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa have failed to make any impact on the teachers' stand.Yeddyurappa on Sunday promised to resolve the issue within three days by raising the matter in the legislative assembly and appealed to the teachers to call off hunger strike but the teachers have refused to heed.The teachers made it clear to the visiting leaders that they would call off the strike only if the government issued orders releasing funds.MLC and former education minister Basavaraj Horatti said the government should first withdraw the ban on release of funds imposed as an economy measure. With the ban in force, the finance department cannot release funds. \"The CM should take a decision in this regard. Kageri's promises won't help\" he told TOI. He said he as the minister had earmarked funds to be released under grant-in-aid code and accused the BJP government of diverting the funds for other purposes.Teachers of the unaided private Kannada medium schools, which were started before 1995 are demanding release of salary grants to them as promised by the then chief minister B S Yeddyurappa during his budget speech in 2007.While the grant-in-aid was provided to nearly 60% of the schools started before 1991, the remaining 667 schools are yet to get it. Meanwhile, some teachers on hunger strike had to be shifted to hospital as their health condition worsened. The delay by the government in releasing salary grants has affected nearly 7,500 teachers.Sources in the department said to meet the demands of the remaining 40 per cent of the schools, the government needs Rs 400 crore. According to sources in the CMO, chief minister Sadananda Gowda would get the clearance from the finance department and get necessary funds to bring all the eligible schools under grant-in-aid and make provision for it in the next budget. \"The next budget will be the election oriented budget and hence all the eligible schools will get the benefit. There are no administrative problems in clearing the proposals. We are just waiting for the nod from the finance department,\" said a senior official in the department of education. However, teachers are not ready to wait till the budget and they want the funds to be released immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11692935", "title": "Foreigner held for manhandling traffic cop", "text": "PUNE: The Sangvi police arrested a foreign national for allegedly manhandling a traffic police constable in Aundh on Sunday.Pasha Abbas Abadi (27), residing at Aundh, hails from Iran. Abadi is pursuing a course in law from a private college. The police also arrested Ajay Kolhe (27), a passerby, for injuring Abadi by throwing a stone at him.Assistant police inspector of the traffic branch, Dattatreya Pawar has lodged a complaint. Pawar and his team were manning a traffic junction when the incident took place around 7 pm.\"Abadi was stopped for jumping the signal. When he was told to pay fine, he manhandled one of the constables,\" Pawar said.Pawar said while the constable was still dealing with Abadi, some people, including Kolhe, gathered at the spot.When Kolhe tried to pacify Abadi, he allegedly thrashed Kolhe. A furious Kolhe then picked up a stone and threw it at Abadi, injuring him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11692844", "title": "Traffic dept's website to inform citizens about road safety, rules", "text": "PUNE: The Pune traffic police will launch its official website on Tuesday. It will provide comprehensive details and information to citizens on all issues and queries about traffic, transportation and public transport in the city and Pimpri-Chinchwad.The website will also be an important platform for creating mass awareness on road safety and traffic rules.The website, which will be formally inaugurated by additional commissioner of police Chandrakant Kumbhar on Tuesday evening, will be a one-stop information centre about traffic in the city. It will provide details both in English and Marathi languages.Besides a section on frequently asked questions, the website will have numerous features, including information on traffic offences and compounding fees (fines), documents that need to be carried by vehicle users, and 'do's and don'ts' for pedestrians, bicyclists, bus commuters, two-wheeler riders, motor vehicle users and drivers of buses and other heavy vehicles.An entire section has been devoted on the increase in number of vehicles in the city and Pimpri-Chinchwad, statistics about accidents, including fatalities, seriously injured persons, and the number of traffic offences and the fines (compounding fees) collected every year.For bus commuters, the site provides a link to the PMPML's 'Pune bus guide', which was launched by Janwani of the Mahratta Chamber of Commerce Industries and Agriculture. Janwani, which has been working on social and citizen-specific issues, has helped the traffic police in preparing the website.The website also provides maps of each of the 30 traffic divisions, and the parking and no-parking areas in each division. Citizens can also access information about all the major traffic junctions, traffic signal cycles and signal timings during the day and night hours.Information about the autorickshaw tariff card, emergency contact numbers of hospitals, crane services and latest updates on traffic situations is also available.The online portal provides important links to all government offices, transport departments, and the Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal corporations. It also takes citizens to the Facebook page of the Pune traffic police, which the department created one-and-a-half years ago.Details on road signs, road regulations, Right to Information Act, citizens' suggestions and complaints about traffic, helpline numbers, and how citizens can join the SMS alert service of the traffic police, have been provided on the website.The website also has messages from police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar and joint commissioner of police Sanjeevkumar Singhal. Work on the traffic website had begun nearly one-and-a-half years ago.Traffic dept to capitalize on 'Kolaveri' rageCitizens can look forward to hear 'traffic Kolaveri songs' (inspired by the 'Kolaveri Di' song) and radio jingles which will make them aware about road safety and traffic rules.The Pune traffic police have created the songs and jingles in view of the high number of accidents taking place in the city every year.The traffic police have also posted 17 animated videos on the internet, which drive home the point of road safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11692682", "title": "E-meters in autos may be mandatory from mid-Feb", "text": "MUMBAI: Expect e-meters to be mandatory in new autorickshaws from the second week of February. Officials are drafting amendments to the law but sources said the one lakh autos in Mumbai will take a year to get the new gadgets installed.A senior official at the Mantralaya told TOI on Monday that the notification will be issued in eight to 10 days.The autos will be fitted with the new gadgets when they come for the annual fitness/passing tests at the regional transport office (RTO).The decision to make e-meters compulsory was taken by the state committee on electronic meters in February 2011. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan met auto union leaders at his residence last October and announced that the electronic gadgets would be installed in phases. A technical committee was set up last November to clear auto union leaders' doubts and in January, a decision was taken to draft the notification and make amendments in the law.Though auto unions are not opposed to e-meters in principle, they want the gadgets to be \"tamper-proof\". Some union leaders plan to file public interest litigations challenging the government decision as they suspect the new e-meters are not foolproof. \"We have demanded a demo of the new e-meters. The government should first convince us before installing them in our autos,\" union leader Thampy Kurian said.Meter manufacturers have informed the state technical committee on e-meters that meters manufactured till 2009 could be tampered with but all sold post 2009 were foolproof. This was learned by Kurian in a reply given by the transport department under the Right to Information Act last week. Kurian said, \"It is strange. Manufacturers are on record that e-meters manufactured till 2009 can be rigged. But those sold since January 2010 have additional security features and display error messages if fiddled with.\"Kurian has written to the state transport commissioner, demanding a demo. \"I challenge the government to hand me a new e-meter and I will show how it can be rigged,\" he said on Monday. He also demanded that e-meters manufactured pre-2009 should be withdrawn from the market. \"When there is a possibility of tampering, why are we allowing them to be installed in taxis?\" he said. \"Also, agencies which approved the e-meters pre-2009 should be questioned as they failed to detect that the devices were not foolproof,\" he said.Senior transport commissioner office officials were not available for comment. Sources said the transport department will take feedback from manufacturers on cost, production capacity, time taken to instal the meters and how they will be calibrated. The transport department will shortlist authorized companies from where the meters can be purchased by auto manufacturers and drivers. The government apparently wants to subsequently instal e-meters in more than six lakh autos across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11693145", "title": "Trial in assault case against Kanchi to begin on Feb 20", "text": "CHENNAI: The trial of a case of assault in which Kanchi Sankaracharya Jayendra Saraswathi is the prime accused will begin on February 20, an order by first additional city civil court judge S Kalavathi said on Monday.\"Jayendra Saraswathi filed a petition for exemption of personal appearance during the trial which has been allowed. All the accused, except him, have been directed to appear at the next date of hearing,\" N Vijayaraj, special public prosecutor said. The judge ordered fresh summons issued to S Radhakrishnan.The case relates to the September 20, 2002 attack on Radhakrishnan, a former associate of the Kanchi Mutt, his wife and a helper at his residence in Mandaveli, Chennai. Radhakrishnan alleged that they were attacked with sharp weapons by a group led by Appu, a hired goon, at the \"behest of the acharya\" as he (Radhakrishnan) planned to disclose certain dealings of the Mutt.Radhakrishnan said all three members of his household were grievously injured. A case was registered and charges framed under IPC Sections 307 (attempt to murder), 120b (criminal conspiracy) and 109 (abetment).\"After the murder of Sankararaman, manager of the Varadaraja Perumal temple in Kancheepuram in 2004, the special investigation team probing the matter found that a similar incident had taken place against Radhakrishnan earlier and was even carried out by the same gang. A 600-page chargesheet was filed in June 2005,\" Vijayaraj noted.Of the 11 accused persons, five were absent on Monday. Ravi Subramanian, a building contractor for the Mutt who turned approver (an accomplice to a felony who confesses his guilt and gives evidence against his confederates), was present. The others were Sundaresa Iyer, Raghu, Appu alias Krishnasamy, Kathiravan, Sunder alias Meenakshi Sundaram, Anand alias Anandakumar and Kannan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11694065", "title": "Fillip to research in radiation technology", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore University is set to become a prominent research centre in south India to provide technical support to research scholars, who aspire to explore various dimensions of Applied Radioisotope and Radiation Technology. Centre for Applied Radioisotope and Radiation Technology (CARRT), a state-of-the-art research centre with ultra-modern infrastructure, has been set up at MU campus, and it will soon be made functional.CARRT is the first such centre in Karnataka and it is also said to be the only centre to cater to research in the field of applied radioisotope and radiation technology in south India. The centre, set up at a cost of Rs 3 crore, will open up new arena in the field of science, especially in radioisotope and radiation technology.All types of modern equipment have been installed at the centre, where research scholars will be able to innovate in this particular branch of science that is directly connected to industry, environment and medical science. The centre has been designed according to the standards of Board of Radiation and Isotope Technology (BRIT).Separate laboratories have also been set up for radio immuno assay, hybridoma, radio iodination, cell culture and other research activities. The centre also has fluorescent microscope with 4,000 times magnifying capacity and other ultra-modern equipment.The Board of Research in Nuclear of the Department of Atomic Energy, government of India, has sanctioned four research projects for the centre. Soon after being opened, the centre will take up research on 'Epidemiological study of helicobacter pylori in coastal region', 'Evaluation and design of radio immuno assay for C-peptide', 'Evolution of radio protective properties of certain bioflavonoides' and 'Application of radioisotope and radiation technology in forestry'. Mangalore University vice-chancellor T C Shivashankara Murthy said that there are plans to open the centre by third week of February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "11694300", "title": "Sonipat jailbreak case: 5 more arrested", "text": "SONIPAT: Police have arrested five more persons for their alleged role in Sonipat jailbreak case. However, they are still clueless about the whereabouts of eight criminals who escaped from the jail about two weeks ago.With the arrest of five accused on Monday, the total number of arrests in the case has reached the count of 11. Those arrested on Monday are Anil, Praveen and Sanjay of Bhadana village, Umesh of Shahpur Turk village and Vijender alias Ghushu of Khewra village in Delhi, DSP Surender Singh told mediapersons. \"The investigating team has been interrogating the arrested accused and hopes to zero in on the escaped criminals soon,\" he added.According to the DSP, police investigations have revealed that after scaling the prison boundary wall, the criminals had used a tractor-trolley arranged by Vijender alias Ghushu to escape. \"Five of them entered Uttar Pradesh and are suspected to be hiding there,\" he said.However, the officer maintained that departmental inquiry against three jail officials, who were arrested soon after the jailbreak and were in judicial custody, has failed to establish their connivance in the case even though a final report is awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11693436", "title": "49-O a tool of protest against non-performers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Section 49-O of Conduct of Election Rules, 1961, which allows electors to register their vote without casting it in favour of anyone, is becoming a tool of protest against ineffective political candidates. People are using it against parties who return to elections with the same non-performing, and often corrupt, candidates.Sources in EC say increased use of this section would make government bring in electoral reforms, which have been hanging fire since 2001. \"This section is seen as a precursor to introduction of 'none of the above' (NOTA) button on electronic voter machines, or maybe, gradually, the right to recall a non-performing representative. This would ultimately force political parties to come out with better candidates,\" said a senior government official.After TOI informed voters about this section in 2007, several organizations started working to make them aware of this catalyst of change.Meanwhile, on EC's website, Section 49-O finds mention in the proposed reforms leading to NOTA. \"The commission has received requests from a large number of individuals and organizations. They have sought there should be a provision enabling a voter to reject candidates in a constituency if he does not find them suitable. In voting paper and boxes, an elector can drop the ballot paper without marking his vote. But that is not possible with EVMs at present.\"Secrecy issuesSection 49-O provides that an adult may refuse to vote after he has been identified and necessary entries made in the register of electors and marked copy of the electoral roll.However, the concept of secret ballot does not apply in this case truly as officials in the polling station get to know about this decision of his. The commission recommends that the law should be amended to specifically provide for neutral voting.It says for this purpose, Rules 22 and 49-B of Conduct of Election Rules may be suitably amended adding a provision that in the ballot paper and particulars on the ballot unit, in the column relating to names of candidates, after the entry relating to the last candidate, there shall be the NOTA column or buttonPunjab Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11694236", "title": "Women better at parking than men", "text": "LONDON: It's a research which is likely to reignite the cliched battle of the sexes - women are much better at parking a car than men.The research, which clearly contradicts the notion that women cannot park a car, has found female drivers are better at finding spaces and also more adept than men at manoeuvring a vehicle into a space - though they may take longer to park.Women were ranked first with a total score of 13.4 out of 20, compared to 12.3 points achieved by men in the study based on an experiment which took into account seven key components of parking styles, 'The Daily Telegraph' reported . Neil Beeson, a professional driving instructor who devised the experiment, described the results as \"surprising\" .\"In my experience men have always been the best learners and usually performed better in lessons . However it's possible that women have retained the information better. The results also appear to dispel the myth that men have better spatial awareness than women. It shows that us men need to give our partners more respect when it comes to parking.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11694025", "title": "Protest against electricity tariff hike", "text": "HUBLI: Members of the Karnataka Pradesh Congress Committee minority department protested in front of the Hubli Electricity Supply Company Limited (Hescom) office in the Settlement area here on Monday, demanding withdrawal of the proposal to hike electricity tariff.KPCC minority department secretary Malikjaan Dukandar said that Hescom and other electricity companies have put a proposal to the Karnataka Power Corporation Limited (KPCL) to hike electricity price by 75 paisa per unit.Electricity companies in Karnataka have been increasing the price, which is burdening the public, small scale industries and others. The government has failed to arrest the tariff hike and at the same time has been unable to provide proper power connection to houses built under the 'Ashraya Yojana', he said.The protesting members submitted a memorandum to Hescom administrator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11692908", "title": "School bus owners threaten indefinite stir", "text": "MUMBAI: School bus owners have once again threatened to go on an indefinite strike, claiming that this time, they will stick to their plan.On Monday, the School Bus Owners' Association (SBOA) called for a state-wide indefinite strike, starting from February 6, until the state government acknowledges their problems and the changes that they had asked for in the School Bus Safety Policy.\"We have been meeting officials from the education and transport departments repeatedly but to no avail. Our problems have still not been looked into and to make things worse, we are still being harassed by traffic and RTO officials,\" said Anil Garg, president, SBOA.In the first week of January, members of the association had met the principal secretary (transport) to discuss their problems and opinions on the safety policy and were assured action within two weeks. \"Almost an entire month has passed since the meeting, and we still haven't received any reply from the transport department,\" said Garg.The SBOA has asked for certain changes in the school bus policy, including the rule regarding the compulsory inclusion of two fire extinguishers inside every bus (they demand this be changed to one), and rules pertaining to the age of buses being used, etc.Last year, an accidental death of a class VII student of a Sion school had raised a lot of questions on the state of school buses and immediately after that, RTO had started checking and fining school buses. Bus owners, however, were unhappy with the way they were being fiend and called RTO officials \"uninformed\" about the school bus safety policy. \"As if harassment form RTO and other traffic officials was not enough for us, nowadays even school managements are washing their hands off their responsibilities and worst is that even parents have started questioning us and threatening us,\" said another bus owner.Last week, school bus owners from across Maharashtra got together at Thane to discuss the school bus policy and decided to call for this strike. \"We have also sent out a letter to the Chief Minister as well as the municipal commissioners. Our demands are not so grave that they can't be met with. We are equally concerned about the safety of students but that does not mean that we should be harassed,\" said Garg.While education officials were unavailable for comments, an official from the transport department spoke to TOI on condition of anonymity. \"We are looking into this matter and in no way are we trying to ignore the demands made by school bus association. We just need to discuss this matter with all the departments before making changes and this will be done soon,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11692848", "title": "Priest held for rape attempt", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man who claimed to be a tantrik was arrested on Sunday for allegedly trying to rape a woman and rob her of jewellery in the Govindpuri area of southeast Delhi. The accused, Nand Lal Gupta, is a priest at a temple in Tughlakabad Extension. \"The woman approached him for treatment of pain in her hand, but he allegedly tried to assault her sexually,\" said Ajay Chaudhry, addl CP, southeast.The woman told police that she passed out during a yajna that Gupta was performing. When she came to, she found she had been disrobed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11693238", "title": "We have been denied justice: Adnan's family", "text": "Adnan Patrawala's family on Monday expressed dismay at the acquittal of the four men accused of killing the teenager in 2007. \"We have been denied justice. Who did kill Adnan? How did he die?\" said Adnan's aunt Sofia.The family said the wounds that had scarcely healed since the incident have got reopened. \"We went into deep shock after hearing the judgment,\" said Adnan's father Aslam. \"We will try our best to get a conviction and will challenge the Monday order in higher court. The fight for justice will not end.\" Aslam added that the family will decide its immediate course of action after speaking to the public prosecutor.The family asserted that it was satisfied with the police investigation and the prosecution. \"We have full faith in special public prosecutor Ujawal Nikam. The police had collected all the evidence immediately after the incident. We were in touch with the police to know about case updates. There was never a feeling that the case was weak.\"Members of the family said they learnt about the verdict from the media since they were not present in the court. Aslam was on his way to Pune for a business meeting when he got to know about the judgment. He retuned to their home in Oshiwara to be with his wife, daughter and mother. \"Somebody should tell us who killed Adnan. The incident devastated us in 2007. Today, we feel the same shock and anguish,\" said Sofia. \"Justice took a similar course in the Jessica Lal murder case. The trial court acquitted the accused in the case due to lack of evidence,\" but the high court later overturned that judgment.Adnan's grandmother said, \"For a year after the incident, Adnan's sweet face continued appearing before me. Now again, I cannot eat when I see his photograph. He was fashionable and loved driving. He just fell in bad company. They killed him brutally. They deserve a similar death.\"Adnan's death, family members said, changed their lives forever. Adnan's sister Firdaus stopped venturing out for a year out of fear and did not attend college. \"She rejoined studies only when we convinced her,\" said the grandmother. Today, the elder members of the family keep tabs on the children's friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11691999", "title": "Indian selected as first international teacher for US space programme", "text": "WASHINGTON: A middle school teacher from Maharashtra has been selected as the first international teacher for a prestigious space programme in the United States .Vandana Suryawanshi, an educator with the Vidya Valley School, who has been teaching biology, earth science and general science for 20 years, would join the 19 other new Teacher Liaisons who were selected for their active promotion of space and science education by the Space Foundation.This is for the first time that an international teacher has been selected for this prestigious fellowship of the Space Foundation, which is now 10 years old.The new flight of Teacher Liaisons will serve as advocates for space-themed education across the curriculum and will use Space Foundation-provided training and resources to further integrate space principles into the classroom, a media release said.The highly regarded Space Foundation Teacher Liaison programme has more than 270 active participants, including the 2012 flight.The teachers are selected by a panel comprising representatives from the space industry and military, it said.The 2012 Teacher Liaisons will be publicly recognised at the Space Foundation's 28th National Space Symposium, scheduled for April 16 to 19 in Colorado.In addition to the recognition activities, the 2012 Teacher Liaisons will participate in workshops and education programmes at the 28th National Space Symposium.Following the Symposium, Teacher Liaisons can take advantage of specialised training and instruction at Space Foundation and NASA workshops with optional graduate-level credit; exclusive science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) professional development experiences with optional continuing education credit; and special space-oriented student programs created just for Teacher Liaisons, the press statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11691620", "title": "Gold Sukh directors had divided territories", "text": "JAIPUR: The four directors of Gold Sukh Trade India Limited had divided their territories in terms of business operations and distribution of money. This was revealed by Narendra Singh, one of the accused in the multi-level marketing firm fraud case, on Monday.Singh was arrested along with his wife Saroj Kanwar on Sunday when the couple arrived at the India Gandhi International Airport from Bangkok .Of the four directors, Manvendra Singh, who is still absconding, was the mastermind behind the fraud, the accused confessed.According to senior police officers investigating the case, the accused Narendra was handling the company's operations in Maharastra.\"It was Manvendra Singh who had sold the scheme to the directors including Narendra Singh, Pramod Sharma and Mahendra Kumar,\" a senior police officer told TOI.\"Narendra Singh was looking after the affairs in Maharastra, while Mahendra was looking after the operations in Punjab. Likewise, Pramod Sharma was handling the company's business in Delhi and Himachal Pradesh. It was also decided under mutual consent that whoever was looking after the operations of a state would be entitled to get the money and dividends out of the investments from it,\" the officer said.Meanwhile, earlier in the day, Singh and wife Saroj Kanwar were produced before a local court where they were remanded in seven-day police custody.\"We are trying to get more details on the whereabouts of the other absconding directors. It is most likely that he (Narendra) must have met others during his two-month stay in Thailand ,\" said Karan Sharma , additional deputy commissioner of police (South).The cops are also trying to dig out more information on where the money has been invested by the directors. \"The accused claims that he did not get his share of the bounty. But, we will again quiz him about the possible places for investing the money,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11694229", "title": "Women feel pain more than men, says study", "text": "LONDON: It's said that men feel pain more keenly than women, but a study led by an Indian-origin scientist has now found that women appear to be more sensitive to pain than the opposite sex.Researchers from Stanford University School of Medicine in California analysed pain scores recorded in the medical records of over 72,000 patients and found that on average women reported feeling more pain in 39 of the 47 common health problems.Lead researcher Atul Butte, an Assistant Professor of Medicine and Pediatrics , said: \"We saw higher pain scores for female patients practically across the board. In many cases, the reported difference approached a full point on the oneto-10 scale,\" he said.Hormones, genes or psychological factors could explain the differences and doctors should pay more attention to how pain differs between men and women, the researchers said.In what they believe to be the largest ever study, published in the Journal of Pain, they found differences in the levels of pain reported by men and women for certain disorders, including back conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11693531", "title": "Govt panel seeks law to punish \u2018honour\u2019 killers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Concerned over the spate of crimes allegedly for the sake of \"honour\", a government panel wants a comprehensive standalone law to punish those who kill or harass young couple from exercising their right to choose their partners.The recommendation for a comprehensive legislation to stop honour killings stems from the recognition of the absence of specific provisions in the Indian Penal Code, which deal with acts of harassment in the name of \"honour\".The panel, headed by the women and child development secretary, argued that the new law should also provide protection to couples from being charged with false cases of kidnapping and abduction - an allegation that is routinely hurled at couples who choose their own partners.The working group of the Planning Commission has also called for measures to deter glorification of those guilty of committing crimes in the name of \"honour\" or izzat.The panel, which has representatives from the ministries of law and home, suggested providing safe homes, where couples could be sheltered if they were facing threat from their families.The recommendation of the working group is likely to strengthen the social activists who have long campaigned for a stand-alone law to deter \"honour killings\". It may also generate political heat, considering the political power enjoyed by khap panchayats in Haryana and western UP.The government was forced to take up the issue after outrage over the growing number of 'honour' killings in and around the national Capital last year. Though the issue figures on the government's agenda, there is a dilemma whether it would be a standalone law or the Indian Penal Code or the Criminal Procedure Code be amended.\"These crimes are also committed through caste or khap or community-based panchayats who issue diktats or fatwas and act like kangaroo courts outside the judicial system,\" the group noted in its report.It pointed out that these panchayats and the girl's family harass and intimidate those, who disobey them by disallowing the couple or the boy's family or anyone who supports them from the village, by declaring a couple brother and sister, by slapping illegal fines and by ostracizing the kin of the bride and the groom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kurukshetra ", "code": "11694284", "title": "KU mulls to make Hooda, Dr Hooda", "text": "KURUKSHETRA : An initiative by academic council of Kurukshetra University (KU) which may not go down well with most of people, the university has decided to confer honorary doctorate in law upon chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda .In a decision taken during the academic council meeting headed by vice chancellor (VC) D D S Sandhu on Sunday, the council reasoned Hooda's keen interest in law, as well as towards public issues, sources said.Talking over phone, the vice chancellor told TOI: \" The CM is from law background and has shown special interest in maintaining peace in the state. That is why the university decided to confer him with doctoral degree in law.\"The KU authorities sent its proposal on Monday (on the next working day after AC meeting) to the CM to get his consent.Notably, the initiative has raised many eye brows, especially from Hooda's political opponents and bete-noire within the party, who always target him in the wake of recent incidents of heinous crimes like abductions for ransom, gang wars and incidents of honor killings occurred in the state so far.Hooda is likely to be the second such dignitary, whom the academic council has decided to confer doctorate during the convocation to be chaired by the KU chancellor, President Pratibha Devi Singh Patil.Besides showing keen interest in law, the academic council cited Hooda's interest in overall development, as well as special contribution towards improvement of education system as reason for conferring the doctorate on him, added the KU vice chancellor.The decision to confer the honorary degree on prime minister of Mauritius Navinchandra Ramgoolam, was taken three years ago by the university, but in the case of Hooda, the resolution was passed in the AC meeting held on January 28. It is not clear why the decision was taken a couple of days before the convocation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "11694340", "title": "Yuvi's fan Joginder prays for his early recovery", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: While surgeons were performing tumour removal surgery on allrounder Yuvraj Singh , back here in Sarsa village, accompanied by his family and about a 100 family friends, Joginder Singh , a fan, was performing Yajna for the cricketer's early recovery.Joginder and his village had attracted the attention during World Cup finals when he was seen sitting in VVIP lounge. Joginder is perhaps the only fan who has the liberty to walk into Yuvi's dressing room as well as his residence. Joginder was the first, with whom Yuvi shared his future plans of undergoing medical surgery.On Monday morning, prayers and havan were held in village temple, beginning with chanting of Maha Mrityunjaya mantra. Yuvraj is reportedly suffering from lymphoma (tumour in lung) and is in America for the operation. \"People could hardly believe that Joginder was the first person, after the family and relatives circle of Yuvraj, whom the cricketer told about his plan for medical treatment. Villagers say they were surprised that when not a single news had appeared in media regarding the ailment of Yuvraj, Joginder told us about the detailed schedule of his medical treatment,'' Harish Kumar, a villager who attended the havan, said.Jogender (31), who considers himself a \"devotee\" of Yuvraj and addresses him Bhaiyaji, is an attendant at Citiscan Centre at Kurukshetra. He wears T-shirts and jackets gifted by Yuvraj and also follows his various styles. He has also covered the walls of his house with Yuvraj posters.\"I came in contact with Yuvraj in 2003 after I watched his excellent performance against Pakistan. Thereafter I tried to meet my favourite cricketer personally. I met him in Chandigarh and shared my feelings towards him. Since then, I have visited his house over 60 times. Bhaiyaji had instructed his personal staff to let him know in detail whatever I ask about him,\" said Joginder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "bhatta (greater noida)", "code": "11692770", "title": "Bhatta villagers await Rahul's return", "text": "BHATTA (GREATER NOIDA): When Rahul Gandhi sneaked into Bhatta and Parsaul last May to confront the Mayawati government over land acquisition, it was touted as the perfect prelude to the 2012 UP Assembly elections. In a way, Congress had sounded the poll bugle from the twin Jat majority villages.Now, with less than a month to go for the polls, while the BSP remains deeply unpopular in the two villages, barring the support of Dalit Jatavs constituting about 10 per cent of the electorate, the initial response of the villagers towards Congress seems tepid. Villagers say for them it is a choice between a rock and a hard place. Even in their unity against the incumbent BSP government, the Jat and other castes could be divided between the Congress and the JD(U) with the latter having fielded farmer leader Manveer Tewatia as it's candidate from Jewar.\"There is no doubt that Rahulji restored peace in the two villages. Had he not intervened, both villages would have turned to ashes,\" said Mukhat Lal Sharma, a Bhatta resident, who was among those injured during the May 7, 2011 clash. \"However, after his foot march in July last year, not a single politician or administrative official has come to enquire about the state of the village. The scars of the violence remain. The Congress certainly won our hearts, but it remains to be seen if Rahul will return to campaign,\" he added.The candidates contesting from the Jewar assembly constituency are yet to begin campaigning in the two villages, though some posters of candidates have been put up in clear violation of the model code of conduct. However, a small group of villagers on Monday morning started a campaign for Manveer Tewatia.\"While Rahul Gandhi enthused the villagers with his stay and foot march, the decision of JD(U) to field Tewatia as their candidate has posted an obstacle in translating this Congress support into substantial numerical advantage. Villagers feel that while Rahul is sincere, his party does not really come up to par. It will make a big difference if Rahul revisits the village,\" said Lakhim Chand Sharma, another victim of the May 7 clash.The Congress candidate, Thakur Dhirendra Singh, the man who drove Rahul to Bhatta on May 11 last year and the SP candidate Bijendar Bhati will begin campaigning in the two villages after the nominations. Jewar, comprising Dankaur and Jewar blocks, comprises of around 2.87 lakh voters.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11693507", "title": "Anti-nuke protestors to meet Central committee for fourth round of talks", "text": "MADURAI: The stage is set for the fourth round of talks between the committees of the state government panel and the Centre at Tirunelveli on Tuesday amidst the Central government toughening its stand and anti-nuke protestors unrelenting in their opposition.While the Centre has slapped notices under Foreign Contributions Regulations Act (FCRA) 1976 to three non-government organisations - two managed by the Tuticorin bishop Evan Ambrose and another run by anti-nuclear activist S P Udayakumar - located in Tuticorin and nearby districts, the People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) too made clear their stand by burning the models of Kudankulam nuclear plant on Monday.\"We could have boycotted the meeting. But we are participating in the talks only because we believe that the state government was staunch in getting the Centre honour the cabinet resolution that demanded stoppage of work in the nuclear plant until the fear of public is allayed,\" said M Pushparayan, convener of Coastal People's Federation. Pushparayan and M P Jesuraj would represent the anti-nuke protestors as part of the state panel in the talks with the Central panel headed by E Muthunayagam. PMANE had initially protested that they would boycott the talks, but changed the stance.\"The talks would not yield much. We would make a demand for the Central panel members to meet our expert panel as well as the villagers. We have been making this demand from the first round of talks,\" Pushparayan said. \"They have not met any of our demands. They failed to provide the information and documents we sought. There is no point in talking,\" he added.The previous three rounds of talks between the panels were held on November 7 and 18 and later on December 15 last year, but failed to make any headway in dissolving the prolonged protests by villagers causing delay in commissioning the plant.Well aware of the fact that state government's support was imperative to commission the plant, the officials from the Nuclear Power Corporation Limited met chief secretary Debendranath Sarangi hoping to win the state government's support. Later, Union minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy too said that the Centre had agreed to all the demands of Tamil Nadu government with regard to the nuclear plant.Despite the multi-channel efforts by the Centre to end the protests, a large number of villagers in Kudankulam had gathered and burnt the miniature model of the nuclear plant and vowed to continue the protests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11692636", "title": "Lok Manch may rule civic polls", "text": "NAGPUR: Former Mayor and Lok Manch chief Sardar Atal Bahadur Singh who is known as 'King Maker' in NMC circle announced that all nine candidates of Lok Manch contesting NMC elections for the first time in alliance with Congress, will win respective seats and once again play a key role in ruling civic body.Lok Manch which has been with Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) for last two civic elections, this time has joined hands with Congress-led alliance, in a hope that all of its nine candidates from North Nagpur will win the respective seats. Lok Manch chief Sardar Atal Bahadur Singh said that Congress offered him to form a pre-poll alliance accepting his demand to give majority seats from north Nagpur, which is his 'karmabhoomi' since last three decades.Lok Manch, which was a part of the ruling coalition-Nagpur Vikas Aghadi, had contested against BJP in 2007 in alliance with Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) but it was not with Congress. This time around, Congress has given five seats from north Nagpur, two seats each from central and west Nagpur, he said.Sitting corporator Babbi Bawa's wife Dimpi Bawa will contest from Mecosabagh ward. The other candidate from this ward will also be from Lok Manch - Rajesh Thool. Zahida Begum, wife of Hamid Ansari, is the nominee from Mahendra Nagar.Sitting corporator and party leader of Lokmanch in NMC, Deepak Patel will contest from Gandhisagar prabhag. Ali Satija Sadiq is the candidate from Indora while Bhavna Lonare will contest from Jaripatka. Sanjay, son of former deputy mayor Himmatrao Saraikar, will contest from Ambazari.\"Lok Manch is a not a political outfit, it is a forum of like minded friends. Anybody can join us and is free to make exit without any obstacle. We are a forum of committee workers and will win all nine seats\", he announced.Singh who had unsuccessfully contested Lok Sabha polls on BJP ticket said, BJP national president Nitin Gadkari is a good friend and on his request he made post-poll alliance to form NVA after 2007. \"We shared everything with ruling alliance in five years and have no complaints against them\", he said.However, this time Lok Manch candidates together requested to form pre-poll alliance with Congress and the party too gave nod to our demand by giving nine crucial seats, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11693160", "title": "Fake certificate racket busted, 4 held", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Monday claimed to have busted a fake marksheet racket with the arrest of four people in Washermenpet. Seals of various government departments and some screen printing equipment were seized.Jayaraman (62) of Kalmantapam in Royapuram, Perumal (72) of Royapuram, Durai Paul (52) of Neithvoyal in Ponneri and Murthy (40) of Thangal near Tiruvottiyur, who were running the racket for nearly three years, were nabbed based on a complaint from Arunkumar (28) of VOC Nagar in Washermenpet. The accused were later remanded in judicial custody.Arunkumar, police said, had gone to the Tondiarpet taluk office a few days ago to get his child's birth certificate and was told that he would get it only after a week or 10 days. As he came out, a man approached him and promised to get him the birth certificate in two days for Rs 350. He claimed that he knew the officials at the taluk office well.On Sunday, the man, later identified as Jayaraman, asked Arunkumar to come to a house on Surya Narayana Chetty Street in Royapuram and handed over the birth certificate.\"As it was Sunday, Arunkumar grew suspicious and informed the police. Teams led by Washermenpet inspector T Veerakumar rushed to the house and picked up Jayaraman. Later, we arrested his other associates,\" north Chennai joint commissioner of police N K Senthamarai Kannan told TOI.Police inspected the houses of the arrested and recovered several fake seals of various government departments, including those of the collectors in Coimbatore, Trichy and Madurai, and some screen printing equipment.Inquiries revealed that the gang had been operating since 2010. Jayaraman, said to be the brain behind the racket, was earlier operating as a tout outside the Tondiarpet taluk office for 30 years.Police said Perumal, who was arrested by the Otteri police along with Santhanakrishnan for a similar fraud a couple of years ago, later moved to Washermenpet and continued the racket. Perumal had been forging signatures of officials in all the fake certificates and marksheets, police said.\"We will take the arrested into custody to get other details. Many other gullible people may have fallen prey to them and got fake government certificates,\" Washermenpet deputy commissioner of police R Kannappan told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "almora", "code": "11693894", "title": "Population decline in hill districts worries netas", "text": "ALMORA: \"Mere ko pahari mat bolo ji, main hoon Dehradun walla\" (don't call me a man from the hills, I am a Dehradun resident\" - thus croons Narendra Singh Negi, a popular singer whose CD albums are the staple of shop keepers and bus drivers all over Uttarakhand. This particular song goes on to satirically say that now that he has a job and a bike,and looks like a 'hero' , he shouldn't be insulted by being referred to as a hilly-billy.Negi's song symbolises a conflict that is tearing apart families across 13 hill districts of the state. Commonly called 'palaayan' (out-migration ), every political party is gnashing its teeth and promising all kinds of things to stop youth from migrating to the plains for jobs.Bachan Singh, a farmer from Shahnar village near Almora is 55 years old although a hard life makes him look much older. His elder son Hari Singh is 30 years old and unemployed. His younger son cleared 12th class and has taken up a driver's job in Dehradun. \"I am trying to persuade Hari to go down and find a job. But he is unwilling -one doesn't know whether he will get it or not,\" said Bachan Singh. Although migration to plains has been taking place since the British times, its extent has become so large now that for the first time ever population of two districts, Almora and Pauri, has shown an absolute decline between 2001 and 2011 according to the latest Census data. Apart from a few districts in the North-East , these are the only two districts in the country where population has gone down in a decade.Almora's population declined by 1.7%, and Pauri's by 1.5% while the state's population increased by over 19% in the decade preceding 2011. In contrast, population of the three plains districts of the state, Dehradun, Hardwar and Udham Singh Nagar, increased by about 33%, way beyond the state's growth and almost double the country's population growth rate of 17%.What is the reason behind this chilling depopulation of Almora and Pauri? Politicians have no idea and academics are puzzled. It can't be just poverty and unemployment because some of other hill districts are as poor, says Yogesh Dhasmana, former journalist and director of Nehru Yuva Kendra. \"Education could be one of the reasons-both Pauri and Almora have better facilities for higher education. Educated youth do not want to waste themselves in low paying jobs in the hills,\" he says.Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11692210", "title": "Breaking the mould with alternative schooling", "text": "Alternative schooling is in, be it teaching children at home or putting them through institutions that don't follow 'the pattern'.At Mirambika, one of the older schools following a different approach to learning, there are no uniforms and no fixed curricula. Teaching takes a project-based approach. Set amidst the trees on the leafy Sri Aurobindo Ashram, the school has classes up to the eighth level but in each class students perform at different levels and teachers take care of their specific learning needs.For each group, goals in terms of qualities, mental faculties and skills to be developed during the course of one year are decided and delineated into quarterly targets. Within this broad framework, the child is exposed to varied learning experiences by working on projects which are inter-disciplinary in nature. Students learn by working on projects, getting some formal education in the afternoon and also playing together.Such alternative schools have become popular over the years. At The Heritage School in Gurgaon, there are no formal tests till class 8, and uniforms are being phased out.\"There are no grades and we have eight cycles of assessment in a year where students don't come prepared for the assessment. It can happen on any day. The questions are in a multiple-choice answer format and are mainly meant for teachers to assess how students are doing in class and what changes in teaching are needed to address gaps. We have started sharing results with students as well and later we will share these with parents,\" explains principal Mahesh Prasad. Class 7 student Shruti Singh says, \"I was enrolled in a regular school till last year and am new to this mode of teaching. But already, I feel that I understand lessons better. In my old school, we used to read our lessons and answer quizzes. There would be some discussion after a chapter but many times if I didn't understand something, it was difficult to ask questions and the next chapter would be harder to understand as a result. But here we have projects and regular discussions. We go for field trips and it's easier to understand because there is a lot less stress.\"The school has no formal textbooks till class 6. \"The few textbooks we have are not followed cover to cover. We have expeditions, focusing on practical skills. There is a prescribed course in CBSE on maps and compasses. The students learn about it by being taken to a location, like the Aravallis, and left with a map and compass to find their way,\" says Preeti Saha, one of the teachers. The first batch of students schooled in this approach will take the class 10 boards next year.However, education experts have concerns about such methods of teaching. \"The traditional methods of teaching are foolproof and the results of these new methods are yet to be seen. The 'abstraction capacity' and the ability to synchronise 'percepts' get affected in such methods. The utilization of potential intelligence which has to be stimulated and enhanced may get affected if training is only practical,\" said Dr Jayanti Dutta, academician and clinical psychologist. Even mainstream schools have adopted some innovative methods of teaching.Manju Bharat Ram, chairperson of Shri Ram School, says, \"Many students may have attention disorders or may not be doing well because of personal or family problems. Earlier, many of these students were categorized as failures because their problems were not identified and they did not do well in conventional schools. Several such students have come to Shri Ram and then done exceedingly well - because individual attention and encouragement of their talents helps in improving self-confidence. Visual aids, practical training and fun quizzes help them to learn better and there are no tests till class 6. Teachers make sure that only a handful of students don't answer all questions in class.\"Pervin Malhotra, career columnist and counsellor, says, \"Such methods of experimental teaching should be tried but parents should not risk it at a senior level, when children have to appear for formalized exams like boards and engineering entrance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "11694305", "title": "Supreet creates beauty with her steady strokes", "text": "MODEL TOWN: One can stand by and watch for hours as 19-year-old Supreet Kaur Wadhwa of Model Town wields her paint brush on canvas, creating beautiful images with steady strokes. Daughter of businessman Inder Mohan Singh and homemaker Jaswinder Kaur, Supreet she started painting some years ago after being inspired by her cousin sister Deepinder Kaur, who in her words is an \"excellent artist.''Fascinated by the play of colours and textures, Supreet joined an art centre, Jaishree near her home, to learn the art. \"I started with oil painting eight months ago and made a painting of Darbar Sahab. After that I made three oil paintings with birds on a pot, flowers and a girl as my subjects. I have also made portraits of Guru Nanak Dev and Guru Gobind Singh ,'' said Supreet adding that she also tried her hand on using fabric colours and painted roses and tendrils on three suits.A student of BBA in Guru Nanak Institute of Management and Technology (GNIMT), Supreet shared that painting gives her satisfaction and refreshes her. \"I plan to make portraits of all the 10 Sikh gurus and would love to do more nature paintings. My parents and my brother Jaskaran Singh support me a lot in pursuing my passion,'' she said.Pablo Picasso is among her favourite artists because of his portrayal of poor people. \"I think he was one of the greatest artists of all times. Among Indian artists I like Satish Gujral as his work touches the suffering of people who lost their homes and families during the Partition,'' she said. Praising his daughter's art, Inder Mohan Singh said she is a very dedicated artist and a great daughter. We wish that she makes more paintings and becomes the best. We are proud of her.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11693517", "title": "Now, Colaba too chills at a low of 12.5C", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the suburbs recorded their lowest January temperature in a decade, it was the island city's turn to give Mumbai something to chill about.Colaba on Monday recorded a lower minimum temperature than Santa Cruz in a phenomenon that weather experts called extremely unusual. Its minimum temperature of 12.5 degrees Celsius (to Santa Cruz's 13.5) was not only the lowest of the season but could also be the lowest in quite a few years. \"We do not take into consideration Colaba's lowest of the season as the Santa Cruz minimum is always lower,\" a weather official said, trying to explain the rarity of what happened on Monday. \"Monday's Colaba minimum is at par with Santa Cruz's minimum last year and this shows the extent of dip in the island city,\" he added.According to the weather bureau, the minimum temperatures in Colaba were six degrees below normal on Monday. \"The current temperatures are three degrees below normal for Santa Cruz and six degrees below normal for Colaba. It is unusual to see Colaba temperatures dip so low. Generally, it is Santa Cruz which records such low temperatures,\" said a weather official at Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), Mumbai.The met department blames Colaba's proximity to the sea coast for the weather it sees. \"Colaba, being near the coast, has warmer weather,\" said V K Rajeev, IMD Mumbai director.The nearness to the coast ensures there is more moisture. \"The increased humidity traps the heat and thus Colaba temperatures are higher than Santa Cruz,\" an official said. So even when the temperature in Santa Cruz dipped to as low as 10 degree Celsius on Sunday, the Colaba minimum remained above 16 degree Celsius.But weather experts had an explanation for the the dip in Colaba. \"The northern plains are getting cold waves. Mumbai region is getting north to north-westerly winds, which have been bringing the cold southwards. This is why the temperatures in Colaba too have gone down too.\"Even the day-time temperatures remained cool with Colaba recording 27.6 degree Celsius and santa Cruz a little higher 28.6 degree Celsius on Monday.Commenting on the lowest minimum temperature records, Rajeev said: \"Though all records are available with the IMD, it is Santa Cruz's readings that are representative of Mumbai,\" he said. Santa Cruz also generally records more extreme weather conditions than that compared to Colaba. It is thus Santa Cruz records that are taken into consideration for the highest maximum and lowest minimum of each month every year.For the next two days however, the city can expect similar weather. \"The maximum and minimum temperatures can be expected to be around 29 and 13 degree Celsius respectively till Wednesday,\" the regional IMD website said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11693124", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan performs 'shradh' for his mother", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was not a routine advertisement shoot on Monday, as superstar Amitabh Bachchan was shooting a shradh (a special prayer ceremony for the departed soul) at Sidhpur. The superstar was actually performing the ritual for his mother.Bachchan's mother, Teji Bachchan, had passed away in December 2007 following prolonged illness. \"According to Hindu religion, it is believed that shradh offerings to paternal ancestors should be made in Gaya, and similarly, offerings for the maternal ones should be performed at Sidhpur. Sidhpur is known as 'Matru Gaya',\" said a tourism department official.Bachchan was to shoot an advertisement campaign as a part of Khushboo Gujarat Ki to promote Sidhpur as a destination where people can come annually to perform the rituals for their deceased maternal ancestors.Officials said that while performing the rituals, he was emotional and deeply engaged. \"Usually, for a commercial shoot, he performs for three to four minutes. But he stayed there for nearly five hours performing each and every ritual as per tradition,\" said the official.Bachchan, who was also in Khadia in the city on Sunday flying kites, has mentioned in his blog how he got nostalgic while flying kite. It was perhaps after 60 years that he had indulged in kite flying. \"And cut my fingers too with the 'manjha', the crushed glass swiped thin thread that propels the kite into the air,\" he wrote in his blog. Bachchan was seen using first aid treatment for his cut finger.About Khadia, he blogged that it was one of the most congested regions of the city, which actually offered the right atmosphere for the shot. He mention about kite cutting that the competition starts from the other roofs, the idea is a competition of how to get rid of the other persons kite.He describes how there is jubilation when there is a 'victory in the air'and how in Allahabad in UP, his folks would celebrate the moment shouting - \"woh kaata!!\" (There, we've cut it)He also mentions in the blog that it was difficult to control emotions. \"The mass of people, struggling, pushing and fighting the security! Their happy faces and shouts of ecstasy were just so much to be thankful for,\" wrote Bachchan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-31"}
