{"city": "indore", "code": "17456413", "title": "Realtors start construction on disputed land", "text": "INDORE: Even after the district collector's cognizance of the constructions on the disputed Khajrana Jagir land and the land reportedly owned by state cooperative societies, fearless private colonizers have started paving roads on the proposed site in a concealed manner.When this correspondent visited the site, he found that the colonizers have got the electricity connection and are constructing a site office to woo prospective land buyers.The colonisers Prem Goyal Builders and Pakiza Group have marked the land and are going to come up with a township on nearly 10 acres land of which a large part is disputed. Sources said that colonisers are coming up with township on Khasra number 337/1, 337/2, 338/2, 345/1/3 and 345/1/3. \"Some part of land (Khasra) for the proposed township belongs to cooperative societies and Khajrana Jagir and not the colonisers where they have got approval,\" they said.According to the Madhya Pradesh Land Record Department, the land on which colonizers managed to take approval from concerned department for carrying out township include land belonging to state cooperative societies. Records say though the land was registered in 2007 but due to some disputes the then Tehsildar maintained a status quo on the decision in 2010. Now, the Khasra number 337/1 and 337/2 are registered on the name of Dak-Tar Grah Nirman Samiti and Khasra number 338/2 belongs to Shabtadi Grah Nirman Samiti.ToI had published a report a fortnight ago about the developers who have managed to take approval from the departments concerned for carrying out their multi-crore township and colonies on the disputed land. When ToI tried to contact Goyal Builders, they refused to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17457383", "title": "10th anniversary of DCSMAT held", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The 10th anniversary of the educational venture of DC Kizhakkemuri Foundation was held in the DCSMAT campus at Kinfra film and video park on Sunday.Writer and chief executive officer of Mindtree Subroto Bagchi inaugurated the DC Kizhakkemuri Memoral building. In his address, Bagchi urged students to contribute to the development of the country. \"The country should be transformed into G8 nation from the G20 country,\" he said.\"A true professional should be able to work unsupervised, certify completion of his work and display absolute integrity at all times. A world without hurdles would be an unexciting place,\" he added.Head of Travancore royal family Uthradam Thirunal Marthanda Varma inaugurated the anniversary celebration. He recalled his visit to Oxford and Cambridge universities and recollected the advantages of studying in a residential campus.He extolled the merits of the ancient 'Gurukulam' model of education provided by DCSMAT in its campuses at Vagamon and Thiruvanathapuram. The vastness and openness of the campuses epitomized the open vistas the DC institutions provide to their students in their quest for excellence and perfection. Cramped campuses produce cramped mind, he said.Susmita Bagchi released the corporate video. Ravi Deecee, chief facilitator, narrated how a small beginning made in 2002 has turned out to be an outstanding success in a short span of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17458628", "title": "SHGs mint money at yatra", "text": "CUTTACK: Woman traders are raking in the moolah at Bali Yatra by selling handicrafts, handloom and indigenous products. As many as 350 SHGs from across the country are participating in the fair.Visitors are particularly attracted to a dry flower stall set up by Suparna Haldar from Kolkata. \"We are making these dry flowers from palm leaf, thermocol , herbs, outer part of corn, piper, thin iron ware and water colours. Its colourful design and light weight is best for home decor,\" said Haldar, who has been coming to the fair for the last five years. \"My products sell like hot cakes because these are affordable. The price ranges from Rs 5 to 50. I earned Rs 2 lakh last year and hopeful to touch the Rs 3 lakh figure, she added.Kashmiri fabrics also have many takers because of their exclusive design and material. I have already done business worth Rs 1.5 lakh selling shawls, stoles, sarees and winter jackets in the last four days, said Mirza Sohail, a SHG member from Srinagar.Crowds are also drawn to the pickle stall set up by a Dhenkanal-based SHG. Pickles and squash made from fruits and vegetables like bitter gourd, drumsticks, mushroom, cauliflower, amla, Kashmiri chilli, jackfruit, mango and lemon are being sold in huge quantities. We sold products worth Rs 1 lakh today,\" said Sabitri Sukla, a SHG member.She was happy because not only was she able to sell pickles but also advertise about it.Visitors are also on a shopping spree having so many products at their disposal to choose from. \"I bought five pairs of 'Jutis' as they are reasonably priced between Rs 150 and Rs 200 and many household products. We are getting more than 20% discount here,\" said Soumya Ranjan Patra, who hails from Bhadrak. The buyers are also happy that they are getting homemade products.\"Business has crossed Rs 1.5 crore in four days and the volume will only increase,\" said Bipin Kumar Rout, zonal manager of Odisha Rural Development and Marketing Society (ORMAS) , an umbrella body for SHGs. \"We aim to earn Rs 10 crore in the fair,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17457013", "title": "Radio Khanchi finally set to air young voices", "text": "RANCHI: Two years after announcing the launch of a community radio by Ranchi University, authorities this week have started the process to officially begin airing services.In a meeting of the purchase committee of Ranchi University, it was decided that tender for operating the community radio, Radio Khanchi, will be given to Webble Media Tronic, a West Bengal-based company.Anand Thakur, in-charge of Radio Khanchi, said, \"A technical team of the company will soon visit Ranchi to decide the operation of radio. We are planning to establish the radio in the central library of Ranchi University at Morhabadi.\"The budget for setting up the radio station is estimated to be around Rs 38 lakh.The radio services can be received within 20-25 m radius of the university. \"Students of the department of journalism at the university will get a chance to be radio jockeys. Students will air different information related to examination, campus placements and career counseling,\" Thakur said.The radio will not just be useful for university students but also for others, including parents. \"This will be the first community radio for students in eastern India that will provide information on topics relevant for students like examination schedule and job opportunities,\" he added.A no-objection certificate has been given to the radio from the ministry of information and broadcasting. \"The work will soon start and we are expecting a good response from the students as well as parents,\" said Thakur.The excitement over the launch of Radio Khanchi among students was apparent. \"We used to see college radios on television programmes but now we will have our own radio station. The best part about the radio is that we will be updated about everything related to university,\" said Preeti Kumari, a student of masters of history in RU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17462141", "title": "FEMA amendments need to be passed by both houses, says BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Countering the government claim that passing the amendments to the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA) in one house would suffice to make them effective legally, the BJP on Monday said it was necessary that these be passed by both houses.The opposition Bharatiya Janata Party's reaction came a day after parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath, in an interview to a television channel, said passage of the FEMA in one of the two house would be sufficient.\"What is the need of two houses if one house was sufficient? This is disregard of Parliament,\" BJP leader M Venkaiah Naidu said.\"Parliament is made up of both Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha. Both are equally important. The parliamentary affairs minister must have some information about parliament,\" Naidu said.The FEMA needs to be amended to allow FDI in multi-brand retail.The amendments have been made by the Reserve Bank of India, but will need the nod of parliament before they are finalised.\"If one house has passed it, it passes. It does not need both houses to pass it. That's what is prescribed in the rules,\" Kamal Nath said in an interview to a TV channels.The ruling United Progressive Alliance (UPA) has a majority in the Lok Sabha, but is short of numbers in the house of elders.The BJP accused the government of putting the CBI to work to garner support in Parliament.\"Closed-door activities are taking place. They have the CBI on their side. They (CBI) are in action again, managing support for government. That is our information,\" Naidu said.Asked about another statement from Kamal Nath that the government has the numbers, Naidu said: \"If they had the numbers, why did they waste Parliament's time?\"\"The vote on FEMA will be the acid test for all political parties who were in the Bharat Bandh against retail FDI. It will show who stands where,\" he added.The Lok Sabha will start its debate on FDI in retail on Tuesday, which will end with voting. Voting on the FEMA amendments is pending. It has been tabled in the Lok Sabha.The FEMA was passed in the winter session of Parliament in 1999 to replace the then Foreign Exchange Regulation Act (FERA) after it became incompatible with liberalization policies of the government undertaken since 1991.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17461800", "title": "Sporting look for Spanish coach to turn team's fortune", "text": "MARGAO: Going through a lean patch this season after winning only two matches from nine outings in the ongoing I-League, Sporting Clube de Goa have knocked on the doors of Spanish coach Oscar Bruzon to turn things around and pull the team out of the relegation zone.Sporting's club president Peter Vaz was upset with the way his team was performing.\"Oscar will be our new chief coach and take charge of the training session tomorrow,\" said Vaz.Sporting Clube suffered their third consecutive defeat and now have seven points from nine matches.Oscar, 35, has been around in India for a while and has been involved in a couple of academies cross the country.His latest assignment was with the SPT Academy in Bangalore.He has donned colours for CElta de Vigo in the Spanish second division and trained the under-14 squad of the same team, which now plays in the Spanish La Liga.Oscar has also attained a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from the University of Vigo in Spain.Vaz said Ekendra Singh will continue to be involved with the coaching staff and assist Oscar, while Alex Alvares will be the technical director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17459203", "title": "Waste dumping prohibited at Brahmapuram, says Centre : Union govt tells HC", "text": "KOCHI: The Union government has informed the Kerala High Court that dumping of solid waste at Brahmapuram is prohibited as per the Wetland (Conservation and Management) Rules of 2010.The submission was in response to a petition filed by Jith Kumar and four other residents of Brahmapuram challenging the operation of waste dumping yard at Brahmapuram.An affidavit filed by C Kaliya Perumal, scientist at the regional office of ministry of environment and forests at Bangalore, stated that though the Union government can permit an activity prohibited under the wetland rules, no communication seeking permission was received from the state government or others involved in the project.The residents had alleged that the Brahmapuram plant is located in the middle of a wetland and had contended that the rules prohibit reclamation of wetlands, solid waste dumping and discharge of untreated waste and effluents.Citing the rules, the affidavit said prevailing practices of discharge of untreated wastes and effluents should be phased out within one year after the rules come into force.Activities that require prior permission from the Union government includes treated-effluent discharges from industries, cities or towns and agricultural fields. Such permission is required even if the treated effluents fall within the limits laid down by the Union or state pollution control boards, the Union government points out. Despite this, the rules allow prohibited or restricted activities if permission is granted by the Union government on the recommendation of Central Wetland Regulatory Authority (CWRA), the affidavit said.The state government was supposed to prepare a 'brief document' identifying and classifying wetlands in Kerala, along with a map marking geographical location of wetlands. No such document has been received from the state government by CWRA yet, the affidavit revealed.Dumping of solid waste at Brahmapuram is a prohibited activity as per rules framed for conservation and management of wetlands, central government has informed the Kerala High Court.The submission was in response to a petition filed by Jith Kumar and four other residents of Brahmapuram challenging the operation of a waste dumping yard at Brahmapuram by Corporation of Cochin.Though central government may permit an activity prohibited under the Wetland (Conservation and Management) Rules of 2010, no communication seeking permission was received from the state government or others involved in the project, an affidavit filed by C Kaliya Perumal, scientist at the regional office of Ministry of Environment and Forests at Bangalore, stated.The residents had alleged that the waste disposal facility is located in the middle of a wetland that is protected by the Rules.Further, they had contended that the Rules prohibit reclamation of wetlands, solid waste dumping, and discharge of untreated waste and effluents.Citing the Rules, the affidavit said prevailing practices of discharge of untreated wastes and effluents should be phased out within one year after the Rules come into force.Activities that require prior permission from the central government includes treated-effluent discharges from industries, cities or towns, and agricultural fields.Such permission is required even if the treated effluents fall within the limits laid down by central or state pollution control boards, central government points out.Despite these, the Rules allow prohibited or restricted activities if permission is granted by the central government on the recommendation of Central Wetland Regulatory Authority (CWRA), the affidavit said.State government was supposed to prepare a \"brief document\" identifying and classifying wetlands in Kerala, along with a map marking geographical location of wetlands. No such \"brief document\" has been received from the state government by CWRA yet, the affidavit revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17459442", "title": "Rabid dog bites 5-year-old on cheek", "text": "BANGALORE: For the second time in a week, stray dogs in the city bared their teeth with chilling affect. A five-yearold girl, Razia, was attacked by a rabid dog at Basaveshwara Layout in Nagashettyhalli of Sanjaynagar ward on Sunday afternoon.On November 25, a 23-year-old housewife had been attacked and mauled by another stray dog in Mallathahalli, near Jnanabharathi campus.In the latest unprovoked attack, Razia was bit on her right cheek by the rabid dog. Rushed to M S Ramaiah Hospital, Razia has been kept under observation for infection. The child was playing in front of her house when the dog attacked her. Passersby chased away the dog and rescued the child form further mauling.\"It is a deep bite on her cheek. We may have to do plastic surgery on her face. Her vitals are otherwise normal,\" said Dr Naresh Shetty, medical officer in Ramaiah hospital. Shafi Khan, Razia's father and labourer , said his daughter had her breakfast and walked out of the house around 9 am, when the dog attacked her. He said he came out hearing her cries for help and chased away the dog.Dr Parvez Piran, joint director, animal husbandry department, BBMP, said that the rabid dog has been captured and will be kept in isolation for 10 days.He said an aggressive drive will be taken up on Wednesday to sterilize all stray dogs in Sanjaynagar on Monday.The official blamed Saturday's attack on the spiralling garbage crisis in the city.Housewife Jyothi was on her way to her parents' residence when a stray dog attacked her in Jnanajyothi Nagar, near Mallathahalli. The canine left deep wounds on her legs, hands and nose and also tore her left eyelid.BBMP's animal husbandry officials in the jurisdiction were informed about the dog bite case but they reportedly failed to keep their superior officers in the loop. \"I came to know through the media that a dog bite happened in this area and rushed to the spot. But locals told me that the particular dog comes to the neighbourhood only in the morning or evening. I took dog-catchers with me but they have not been able to trace the dog,\" Dr Piran told TOI.He said the area has a lot of vacant sites, bushes and garbage heaps which attract stray dogs, which in turn attack people. He added that most of the canines are sterilized. Piran also said that if the dog that bit the woman is rabid, it will die soon and dog-catchers will come to know of it. \"If we give compensation to one family, many others would start demanding. It is difficult to differentiate whether someone is bitten by a pet dog or a stray and people might use this as chance to get easy money,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17461053", "title": "Airtel launches emergency alert service in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bharti Airtel today launched an emergency alert service, enabling its subscribers to send alert message with location details to 10 mobile numbers.\"During an emergency, Airtel mobile customers can now send an alert with their geographic location to their closest 10 loved ones simultaneously with just a call, facilitating an access to easy and quick help,\" Airtel said in a statement.Subscribers can even send a 'SAFE' SMS indication to a pre-defined group of 10 family members and friends and keep them informed of their wellbeing in case when out alone and during any natural calamity or disaster with just one click, it added.Customers opting for 'Emergency Alert Service' will be charged Rs 30 for 30 days and they can send this alert even if they don't have minimum balance in their account.To send an emergency alert, the subscribers can call 55100 and the number registered by him or her will receive voice and SMS alerts with location details of the customer.Airtel customers can also send this alert through SMS by typing HELP in the message box and sending it to 55100 which will be then transmitted on all the 10 numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17457845", "title": "Railways plans to complete Khagaul road overbridge in 18 months", "text": "PATNA: Railways has started civil work on the much awaited road overbridge (ROB) at level crossing gate No 35 at Khagaul, Patna . Indian Railway Construction Company (Ircon) has been awarded the contract to complete it at an estimated cost of about Rs 98.27 crore.Railways has also decided to build two other ROBs, at Sarari and Shiwala railway crossing gates, at Khagaul at an estimated cost of Rs 40 crore. The details of these two proposed ROBs have been worked out, sources said.According to an Ircon official, the Khagaul ROB has been planned in such a way that it would facilitate huge traffic after its completion. Though railways has decided to complete it in three years from now, efforts would be made to complete it in a record 18 months time, he said.The ROB will be about 2.01km long and 17.2 metres wide. The overbridge, which is being built in 'Y' shape, would have four lanes, he said.According to sources, several railway quarters would be dismantled to build the alignment of the ROB, particularly towards Danapur station end. The boundary wall of Jagjivan Stadium would be slightly grazed while erecting the main portion of the bridge, sources said, adding there would be no damage to the stadium. According to sources, the ROB will directly connect south and east sides with the west end of the town.According to divisional railway manager (DRM), Danapur, L M Jha, though the state government has announced to stop the movement of heavy vehicles on this route, it has not yet informed the railways about alternative traffic arrangements during the construction period. Besides, the state government will have to work in consultation with the railways for the diversion of traffic from the railway crossing gate, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17458899", "title": "How to avoid being cheated", "text": "A lot of people want to know about simple things they can do to protect themselves from fraud. They want to make informed decisions, but wonder if it means learning too many complex concepts and grappling with jargon . I would propose a simple approach. Before making a financial decision, take a sheet of paper and write down the answers to a few important questions. Do it yourself, or engage your adviser to provide the answers. Keep it brief, to the point.First, ask for the name of the entity whose product you plan to buy. A close friend insisted that the insurance he had bought was actually a mutual fund product by the same promoting bank. However, when he went through the papers , he sheepishly found out the truth. Many stock operators do not have membership with exchanges. Refuse to deal with them unless you find out about the registered broker in whose name your trade will be executed, so you know who you are dealing with. Ensure you have this name for all your papers, contract notes, documents or whatever you receive as proof of investment.Second, ask if the entity is accountable to any regulatory authority. The answer has to be Sebi , RBI, Irda , PFRDA or the government. There are elaborate laws on the type of firms that can raise money from the public and under what conditions . Unfortunately, none of the financial regulators have the resources to monitor and prohibit mushrooming operators. The best recourse is to ask for the regulator's name. It is mandatory for them to show you proof of their registration if you ask for it.Third, ask for the document that carries the name of the product and proof that it has met with approvals from a regulator. Do not go by printed pamphlets, advertisements, hand-outs , or presentations. Demand a copy of the offer document, an information memorandum, a detailed formal offer that has the name of the entity you have listed above. You don't have to read the legalese, you don't need a copy of this voluminous document, but you need to know it exists and that the scheme is not a concoction. Ask for the name of the product, and ask for confirmation that it exists, and was created by an entity you can identify and confirm.Fourth, ask how your money will be used and how it will generate returns. If it is an IPO, ask for the business of the company that is raising money. If it is a mutual fund, write down where it will invest. If you bought a bond of a finance company, write down its main business. If your money is being used to offer other loans, you know that your return will depend on the quality of those loans. You also need to ask how you can find out what happened to the money.Fifth, write down your obligations in full. If an insurance agent tells you that you have to pay a single premium, or for only five years, put it on paper. Then ask the agent to show you where it is written that you should pay only this much. Know the fee you have to pay. If the stock broker tells you that you can buy stocks worth 10 lakh when your bank balance is 2 lakh, ask how the balance will be paid and when. If it is a futures contract, ask about the likely margin and how often you will have to pay.Sixth, ask what you will get, in complete detail . If the answer is that your return will depend on the market value of your investment, make a note. Ask how often you will know what the said market value is, so you can evaluate how the investment is doing. If there is a dividend , pen it down and remember that dividend is a discretionary payment. If it is bond, there are multiple variations of the payment you will get and how. So make sure you understand these choices and are able to note, in rupees, how much interest will be paid to you and when.Seventh, insist on knowing what can go wrong. Several relationship managers are keen sellers and may only talk to you about the positives for the fear of losing you as a client. Kill this fraud by asking upfront about what can go wrong. If you are buying an IPO, you need to know that the share price may be lower than the purchase price. If you are taking a bond, you need to know that the credit rating might change. If you are in vesting in a mutual fund, you need to know that the returns depend on the market, and can be more or less than the market indices. Write down what you should look out for and ask where you will get the information. Make sure you know what happens if you do not pay the premium.Eighth, ask if you have to stay with the product for any specific period of time. What are your options if your situation changes? What happens if it does not? Does your credit card have a charge after the first year? Does your loan enable you to pay it earlier? Does your insurance policy allow you to draw some of the funds Does your mutual fund allow you to redeem money, when needed? Write down this detail in brief simple terms that you understand. Review this sheet with your financial adviser. If you invest in a team-which is a good idea pool your sheets and review it. Product literature is filled with jargon; take your time to figure out the product on your terms, in your language. In this process, you will either under stand the investments better, or you will be able to evaluate how competent and honest your adviser is. Either way, you win.\u00e2\u20ac\u201dThe author is Managing Director, Centre for Investment Education and Learning, and can be reached at uma.shashikant@ ciel.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17456743", "title": "Tankers were modified in Bangalore, Chennai", "text": "MANGALORE: The prime accused and kingpin in the multi-crore fuel siphoning racket, Ashok, owned seven of the modified tankers used in the racket. He used to get the vehicles modified in Bangalore and Chennai.City Crime Branch (CCB) inspector Venkatesh Prasanna said that the arrests of Ashok and five others were made based on a tip-off. The modification was done in such a way that neither the oil marketing companies nor the bunk owners got any wind of itmay have attributed the loss of 110 litres of petrol or diesel per load to evaporation losses. The tankers supplied petroleum products to Dakshina Kannada, Udupi, Madikeri, Shimoga, Hassan and Karwar and their main buyers were KSRTC depots.Explaining the modification which allowed the siphoning, Venkatesh said, \"The accused had built in a channel in the tanker with a capacity of either 12,000 or 20,000 litres. The channel retained 110 litres even after unloading the stock. Though four channels could have been created inside the tanker, each tanker had only one, so as to not to raise any suspicion. The total haul per day from seven tankers was 770 litres of fuel which is valued at Rs 35,000 to Rs 50,000 roughly.\"In four years of operations, Venkatesh said the accused had siphoned off fuel, both petrol and diesel, worth about Rs 6.8 crore. The siphoned off fuel was used for vehicles of the accused or sold to other tankers at 20%-30% less than the market prices.The oil marketing companies (OMCs) and bunks never got a wind of the racket as the seals were intact. The accused had modified the latch which was locked by OMCs in such a way that it could be removed by unscrewing it.The CCB inspector said teams would be sent to Chennai and Bangalore to get hold of the persons who modified the tankers. He said at least 60% of the tankers in the city had modified tanks, indicating the enormity of the racket.The accused have been booked under section 379 (theft), 406 (breach of trust), 420 (cheating) of IPC and also sections 8 and 9 of Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17456940", "title": "Barabanki woman tests H1N1-positive, hospitalised", "text": "LUCKNOW: Though the season for swine flu is officially over, one person who tested H1N1-positive was admitted to the Balrampur Hospital here on Sunday. The patient is a 44 year old woman who was undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Barabanki. Experts said the season may be over in India, but there are certain countries where the virus is circulating. Doctors at Balrampur hospital have sent the patient's swab samples to confirm presence of the infection. They also said they were not able to ascertain where she got the infection from, but said once the lab confirmed they would ask local administration in Barabanki to hold a mop-up exercise. It may be recalled that swine flu affected more than 100 persons in the city this year. Most of the patients hailed from areas around the Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of medical sciences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17457967", "title": "Most teens know how to hide their online activities from parents: Survey", "text": "PUNE: \"What sounds 'cool' online when you're going steady can land you in trouble when you break up.\" Unfortunately however, there is nobody to tell this to teenagers who are increasingly becoming compulsive visitors of social networking and accessing - more often than not, undesirable content on the Internet.A survey by IT security software company McAfee has brought to light a new aspect of the digital divide, highlighting the discrepancy between parental perception and actual reality about online activities of Indian teens.The McAfee survey, 'Secret Lives of Teens' shows that while parental concerns prevail, teens do end up sharing more dangerous information online, contrary to their parents belief. This divide is attributed to the fact that Indian teens are growing up as 'digital natives', with increasingly active online lives but lack of parental assistance.McAfee commissioned researchers did the study in seven key Indian cities - Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Pune and Chennai with a sample size of 757 teenagers and 750 parents.Interestingly, 70 % of polled parents completely trust their teens to tell them everything they do online whereas 58 % teens strongly believe that they know how to hide their online activities from their parents.The survey has listed access to pornography/nudity, cruel behaviour and cheating on tests as the main 'undesirable' activities in which teenagers engage online in good measure but few parents are aware about it.Anindita Mishra, McAfee Cybermum India, told ToI, \"The internet has gradually evolved to a platform for self expression and social inter-action, with kids indiscriminately indulging in information exchange leading to an increasing rate of cyber exploits. Online concerns for tweens and teens are not what they were two years ago. The threat landscape too has changed dramatically - especially in the context of how children of various ages in urban India use the internet and how they are exposed to various forms of threats online. Seasoned cyber crooks are adept at exploiting the fluctuating emotional balance of teens. Children are naive, inexperienced and hence vulnerable. However tech-savvy and smart they might be, they are still too young to understand dangers or take wise decisions. They can hence be easily manipulated to believe in whatever that is being fed to them.\"Parents need to be more aware that an active cyber identity brings with it a host of dangers ranging from malware attacks to more grave ones such as cyber bullying, cyber stalking and sharing of unnecessary or confidential information with online strangers, Mishra said.54.3% of surveyed teens indicated that their parents helped in setting up social networking sites (SNS) account. The survey said while 46.5% of polled parents had a conversation with their teens about online safety, an equal number of parents, only 27.9% each, have set up parental controls and befriended their teens on SNS.While 22.5% of surveyed teens admitted that they'd change their online behaviour, if being monitored by parents, only 10% think parents needn't know everything.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17461507", "title": "I still prefer Kollywood: Rupa Manjari", "text": "It was indeed a long wait for Rupa Manjari in Kollywood. First it was Thiru Thiru Thiru Thiru for which she had to wait for over four months to get a confirmation call from its producers. Her next Tamil movie, Naan, was also stalled midway. However, as luck would have it, Rupa got a plum offer from Mollywood. \"But I still prefer Tamil movies over any other language,\" says Rupa.Pointing out the main difference while working in Tamil and Malayalam film industries, she says, \"Malayalam films wrap up the shoot within the stipulated time frame or even before that. Tamil film shoots can go on for more than three months. But I still prefer Tamil movies as Tamil is my mother-tongue.\"The actress says there was a long gap for the second schedule of Naan to start and it was during this time that she completed her Malayalam projects Tournament and Mallu Singh.Rupa has two releases lined up in Mollywood and Kollywood - B Unnikrishnan's I Love Me and Sathya Siva's Sivappu .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17457838", "title": "Marriages: Made in heaven, broken for earthly reasons!", "text": "PATNA: Marriages are made in heaven and performed and broken on earth, for earthly reasons, they say. Visit the city's women's police station and you will find daunting reasons derailing conjugal relationships, even of 22 years of standing!While framing the rules and bylaws of family law, the lawmakers could not have thought of any social networking site being a valid reason of enforcing divorce. The trend is new but picking up fast and counselling to the couples seeking divorce falls on deaf ears.The women's police station in Patna has received almost 200 cases of marital disputes since its creation on July 3 this year; more than one case per day! According to the police personnel who counsel the married couples, a new trend is emerging among city women. Instead of adjustments, they want compensation and separation from their spouses!\"Couples coming with complaints include lower middles class to rich and influential families of the society. The women belonging to poor families want to stick to their spouses while the ladies from rich families, especially who are self-dependent, are looking for easy escapes from their marital lives,\" a sub-inspector posted at the police station said.\"Some of the couples are married for more than twenty years. They are being friends with unknown people through the social networking sites and putting their marriage in jeopardy,\" she said, adding, \"A couple married for last 22 years with an adult daughter came to us a few days back. The husband, a businessman, made friends with a foreigner doing some research work in Patna. The friendship developed through a social networking site. Now he is seeking divorce on the ground that his wife is too busy with her household chores to spare time for him. Despite several counselling sessions, she refused to entertain her husband at the cost of her 'grihasthi dharma' and she is ready to part company but with due compensation.\"Marital disputes are suicidal for some government employees. \"Modern girls are also not ready to accept their in-laws. Adjustment with their in-laws is a big problem for some of the newlyweds. A government employee from Kankarbagh, who went to the police station for a counselling session, is now determined not to give divorce to his wife as he has doubts that she is having an affair with a friend found on a social networking site. Now she is threatening to lodge a case of domestic violence against him if he does not agree to a mutual divorce,\" the police officer said.A psychiatric, Aleem Siddiqui, said, \"Social networking sites provide people an opportunity to make strange bedfellows. Women empowerment has led to the dissolution of marriage in urban areas as financially educated women are now open to several options, including the ending of relationship. Strange!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17458458", "title": "Missile to knock out a country's electronics", "text": "LONDON: From sci-fi to reality! A new missile which uses electromagnetic pulses to target buildings can permanently shut down a country's electronics without harming people, Boeing has claimed.The US aircraft manufacturer claims to have successfully tested the weapon on a one-hour flight during which it knocked out the computers of an entire military compound in the Utah desert.It's thought the missile could penetrate the bunkers and caves believed to be hiding Iran's alleged nuclear facilities, the 'Daily Mail' reported. However, experts have warned that the technology could be used to bring Western cities to their knees if it falls in the wrong hands.During Boeing's experiment, the missile flew low over the Utah Test and Training Range, discharging electromagnetic pulses on to seven targets, permanently shutting down their electronics. Boeing said that the test was so successful that even the camera recording it was disabled.Codenamed the Counter-Electronics High Power Microwave Advanced Missile Project (CHAMP), it is the first time a missile with electromagnetic pulse capability has been tested.Boeing declined to release a film of the test, citing security reasons, but instead issued an artist's impression of it on video. A stealth aircraft in the clip deploys a missile that emits radio waves from its undercarriage which knock out the computer systems inside the buildings below, the report said.The company also released a real film showing a row of computers that can be seen shutting down when the electromagnetic pulse is switched on.Experts believe the missile is equipped with an electromagnetic pulse cannon, which uses a super-powerful microwave oven to generate a concentrated beam of energy which causes voltage surges in electronic equipment, rendering them useless before surge protectors have the chance to react.Keith Coleman, CHAMP programme manager for Boeing's prototype arm Phantom Works, said the technology marked \"new era in modern warfare\". \"In the near future, this technology may be used to render an enemy's electronic and data systems useless even before the first troops or aircraft arrive.\"We hit every target we wanted and made science fiction into science fact. When the computers went out, it actually took out the cameras as well. It was fantastic,\" Coleman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17457425", "title": "Artistic talents that span three generations", "text": "AJMER: Saying that artistic streak runs in this family won't be an exaggeration. Centred on the theme 'love for brush and colors' a unique art exhibition, in which three generations of family are showcasing their artworks, is attracting art lovers of the city.Artists Haimabati Gue, Ashok Hazra and Dipika Hazra and Madhabi Hazra Gopalan are all carrying forward the legacy that began with Bhabani Charan Gue.The exhibition displays formal, wooden and scrap art. \"My husband's love for art inspired me and now I, too, have learnt to express myself through the brush,\" said Haimabati Gue (90), wife of B C Gue.\"When I realized so many members of the family were artists I just thought why not showcase it all together?\" says Haimabati.The exhibition has portraits, oil painting, wash painting and natural painting. \"The pots and coasters painting of medieval time is the main attraction. Many painting of gods are also on display. Lord Vishnu has been painted in Nathdwara style. \"What I loved in the exhibition is the fusion of different art schools which facilitate the artists express themselves better,\" said a arts student.Haimabati Gue was born in Katwa of West Bengal and loved to see her husband B C Gue labouring away in the studio. \"Inspired by him I took up reading, knitting, embroidery and leather and craft painting,\" says a nostalgic Haimabati.Gue was a renowned artist of Bengal in the early 1900s who later joined Mayo College as an art and craft teacher in 1938 and went on to become the head of the department. He showcased his talent in different countries of the world. Gue's second generation Ashok Hazra has had 11 solo and 7 joint exhibitions at the national level. His paintings are a permanent collection of NCERT and AIFACS. His wife Dipika also has a definite leaning to art and her work is the permanent collection of Rashtrapati Bhavan, in state gallery of Rajasthan , Jaipur. She dedicated her life to art and painting and for several years taught at the Mayo Collage Girls' School.Madhabi, third generation of the family, staying true to the tradition, has won several national and international medals and is working on color art. The youngest member of the family Keshav is working in an MNC but he too cannot keep himself away from the brush and his paintings, too, have been displayed in the exhibition.Though the city of Ajmer does not have a well-developed art culture but still people are displaying a lot of interest in it, \"The natural painting is awe-inspiring but what is unique is the combination of colors used,\" said a spectator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17458174", "title": "Runway kid's Mumbai plan slips on tears", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Four kids from Rajeevnagar in Satellite started off for Mumbai on Saturday but abandoned the plan and came back home early on Sunday. Meanwhile, the kids' parents had already filed a complaint with Satellite police following their disappearance.Police said that Siddharth, 13, Ravi, 13, Amit, 13, and Manish, 9 (names changed), all residents of Rajeevnagar, are close friends. Siddharth had asked the others to join him up to Vadodara as he planned to go to Mumbai on Saturday.\"Siddharth is not good in studies and thus he was scolded severely by his father on Saturday morning. As the exams were round the corner, he decided to flee. He stole Rs 1,500 from his house and then involved his friends in the plan,\" said police. They refused to join him but went to Kalupur railway station to see him off. At the station, Siddharth bought them snacks and asked them to come with him up to Vadodara. He promised to give them money for return tickets.The group started off at 7 pm on Saturday and took a bus to Kalupur. After reaching the railway station, Siddharth purchased four tickets and the group sat in a Mumbai-bound train. Meanwhile, the parents started search for them and approached Satellite police.The kids were found at 2 am near the railway tracks at Shyamal Crossroads by an auto driver from Rajeevnagar. He took them home.Talking about their little adventure, the kids said that they were excited and frightened at the same time. Soon after the train left the station, Manish, the youngest, started requesting the others to take him home. They tried to pacify him but as he started crying, the others asked Siddharth to return home as they feared somebody would ask them about their identity.\"The group thus got down at Vadodara and then took a bus back to Ahmedabad. After reaching Geeta Mandir at 1 am, they took an autorickshaw to reach Shyamal Crossroads as they were not sure whether to go back home directly. At that time, they were spotted by the auto driver and taken back,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17457094", "title": "Education takes a backseat in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: The latest data of National University Education Planning and Administration (NUEPA), a central government body, has ranked Jharkhand 34 out of 35 states and union territories in elementary education. There were 21 indicators for ranking, including infrastructure status and number of teachers.A large number of children in the state do not go to schools. As per the data of the Jharkhand Education Project Council (JEPC) till April 2012, six lakh children in the age group of 6-14 don't go to school. Of the children who are enrolled, as per the Annual Status Education Report (ASER) 2011, only 59% attend schools in the state, whereas the national average is 71%. Thus, the state's position is fifth with Bihar having 50% students attending schools, Madhya Pradesh 55%, Manipur 52% and Uttar Pradesh 57%.The quality of learning is also very poor and the quality of teaching has also declined in the last few years. Shortage of teachers at the primary level is the main reason behind this poor education status. As per the ASER 2011, there is a shortage of 43,000 teachers in 40,000 schools here in the state. That apart, the teachers who are attending schools are not very well qualified. Their number is 43,000 (ASER 2011).The Right to Education Act says the ratio of teacher pupil in the schools should be 35:1 at the primary level and 30:1 at the upper primary level. Hence, as per District Information on School Education (DISE) Report 2011, the status of Jharkhand is rather dismal. The teacher pupil ratio in schools here at the primary level and upper primary level is 43:1.Unicef state head Job Zacchariah said, \"If there are no teachers in the schools, then why should parents send them to schools. Even if there are teachers, most of them do not come to school. Or even if they come, they do not necessarily take classes. There is also the problem of language with there being a huge gap between mother tongue and the medium of instruction in the schools. As per ASER 2011, 61% children face the language barrier in the state, especially in Class I and II.\"He also said that the vacant posts of teachers need to be filled up at the earliest. \"We also need to improve the quality of education where each and every child is able to read properly and has some knowledge of basic mathematics. As per the reports, this standard has declined in the last few years. If the schools can be awarded for 100% attendance or quality of education, then that will be a motivating factor for the schools and also encourage pupils to attend schools,\" he added.About the poor status of the state in imparting education and high drop-out rates, Mamta, the director of primary and secondary school, said, \"As far as the reports of NUEPA are concerned, I would say it talks of the ground realities of education system here in the state. We are trying to improve the situation and it will take some time to improve the standards.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17460859", "title": "Prabhu Deva happy with young choreographers", "text": "Prabhu Deva will soon be seen in choreographer-turned-director Remo D'Souza's forthcoming movie 'ABCD - AnyBody Can Dance', a project by UTV Spotboy. Prabhu Deva, the Indian Michael Jackson says it is good to see young blood infusing freshness into movie choreography.\"Everybody is doing a superb job. Around 40 years back, the choreographers used to be a little older. But nowadays, the choreographers are so young and they are doing new things. Earlier, it never used to be like this,\" says Prabhu Deva.He rues how people in India fail to pursue their passion for dance life-long and let go of it, unlike dance enthusiasts in the West. \"Nowadays, every boy and girl loves to dance, and parents even insist that they do it. There are so many dance-based TV shows happening. ' ABCD... ' might be of more of help,\" he said.' ABCD ', releasing on February 8, 2013, features Kay Kay Menon, dancers Dharmesh, Salman Yusuff Khan, Mayuresh Wadkar and Vrushali Chavan. It even has choreographer Ganesh Acharya.The trailer of Prabhu Deva's 3D dance flick, 'A BCD : Anybody Can Dance ' was recently out. ' ABCD: Anybody Can Dance ' is a spectacular entertainer that proves yet again that if you dare to dream, impossible is nothing! The film is about a dancer from Chennai who beats the odds to make it big.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17458817", "title": "Newborn found abandoned, MLA pitches in for rescue", "text": "ROHTAK: A newborn baby girl was found abandoned in a garbage dump at Sempal village of Kalanaur block in Rohtak on Sunday. Village residents spotted the infant wrapped in a gunny bag and retrieved her. Local MLA Shakuntala Khatak, who happened to be passing by, provided first aid to the baby and rushed her to PGIMS Rohtak. Shakuntala was a staff nurse at the institute before she became Congress MLA in 2009.\"The child was seemingly lifeless when she was taken out of the gunny bag. But I checked her heartbeat and gave some heat to revive her. We rushed to the Kalanaur hospital and put her on ventilator after which she was taken to PGIMS, Rohtak\", the MLA, who represented Kalanaur (reserved) constituency, said.The baby is undergoing treatment at the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) at the institute, she said. According to Kalanaur SHO Kulbir Singh, the infant, around a week old, was dumped in a garbage heap in an open plot along the village road. The police have registered a case against the unknown parents or guardians.Meanwhile, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has served a notice on the Haryana government seeking explanation after a Panipat based NGO filed a complaint with the commission earlier this year. In June, about six incidents of abandoning of newborn babies were reported in Gurgaon, Rohtak, Rewari, Sonipat and Bhiwani.Sources said the trend has been on the rise after the state government took tough measures against prenatal sex determination tests and female foeticide after the 2011 census report put Haryana at the bottom of the sex ratio chart among the states. As per the census, Haryana has 877 females per 1,000 males. What is more worrying is that the child sex ratio (0-6 age group) is in the proportion of 830 to 1,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17456760", "title": "Leave has to be earned to encash it: Karnataka High Court", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka High Court has held that a person who has not worked and not earned leave, cannot claim leave encashment.\"First, he should work, earn leave, should not avail the same and then seek encashment of such leave earned. When he has not worked and not earned leave, the question of granting him leave encashment would not arise,\" a division bench headed by Justice N Kumar observed while setting aside the orders passed by a single-judge bench as well as a labour court in favour of a conductor of Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC).\"The employee would be entitled to only those benefits which is expressly granted. A direction to reinstate with continuity of service, in the absence of express words denying consequential benefit cannot be construed as granting the benefit of consequential benefit. It is also settled law, that when a party approaches a court, seeks several reliefs and the courts grant some and do not say anything about the remaining reliefs, it is presumed that the said reliefs are denied,\" the bench further observed.The BMTC had challenged the August 9, 2011 verdict of the single-bench asking it to grant leave encashment to one G V Thimmappa, now 64, who worked as a conductor with the corporation. The single-judge bench had declined to interfere with the order passed by the labour court.Thimmappa's service was terminated on August 3, 1994 for unauthorizedly remaining absent from January 22,1994. He raised an industrial dispute by moving the labour court. The labour court held that the termination was not preceded by any inquiry and the same was vitiated. It asked the management to reinstate him. Since this order was not challenged it became final.However, after this Thimmappa filed an application seeking Rs 1,71,127 as consequential benefit. This was challenged by the management and the labour court held that the workman was not entitled to that amount. However, it ruled that Thimmappa is justified in asking for leave encashment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17456429", "title": "Thieves target temple in Khajrana", "text": "INDORE: Thieves targeted temple of Kalka Goddess in Khajrana area on Saturday late night and escaped with jewellery worth lakhs of rupees. According to police, 10 kg of silver jewellery was found stolen when the priests opened the temple door at 5.30 am on Sunday morning. Priests informed police that the thieves escaped with crown and parasol gifted during Ganesh Utsav.Superintendent of Police (SP) OP Tripathi said thieves might have entered the temple at around 3 am. The temple is a private one and being taken care of Radheshyam Agrawal. Police have found CCTV footage of the theft but it is not very clear. On the basis of opaque footage, police cordoned off the area, but failed to arrest the accused.The SP said that police will soon arrest the accused and crack the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17457608", "title": "I spent three nights in Sambhaji garden: Barua", "text": "PUNE: Acclaimed Assamese filmmaker Jahnu Barua went down memory lane and recalled his days in Pune when he was doing his post-graduation diploma in film direction from the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII).Barua was in the city to receive the Bhupen Hazarika National Award instituted by Pune-based social organization, Sarhad, which has been working to connect people from the border areas to the mainstream. This is the first year of the award.Former chief minister of Assam, Prafulla Kumar Mahanta, bestowed the award on Barua in a function organised at S M Joshi Hall on Sunday.\"Every experience in life teaches you something if you don't harbour bitter feelings in your heart and embrace life with open arms,\" said Barua.A recipient of the Padmashree, Barua has won nine national awards for his films. 'Maine Gandhi Ko Nahin Mara', a film directed by him won the prestigious Fipresci (the international association of film-critics) award in 2005.Recalling his days in Pune back in 1971, Barua said, \"Pune is my second home. The years I spent here as a are the best period of my life. The city has taught me many things. When I landed in Pune for my interview at FTII, I ran out of money within a few days. So I had to telegram my elder brother to send a money-order so that I could gain admission and foot the bills of the lodge where I was staying prior to the admission. It took a while for the money to reach and during this time I spent three nights on the benches in Sambhaji garden. Years later when I got married I visited the garden again with my wife,\" Barua said.Pointing to the vast changes in the city's landscape, Barua said, \"As a member of the governing council at FTII I keep coming to Pune. I feel claustrophobic now.\" Barua said he was touched to get the award which is named after Bhupen Hazarika, as he considered Hazarika his 'guru'.Mahanta said that Hazarika was the voice of Assam both in the country and abroad. \"Assam and Maharashtra have long history of brotherhood and we need to take this bond further,\" he said.The Bhupen Hazarika National Award is given to those from the northeast who have been trying to connect the region with the rest of the country in their respective fields. The award constitutes Rs 51,000, a trophy and a citation.\"Jahnu Barua has rendered valuable service to this region by dealing with several social, cultural issues of the northeast in his films. He has won accolades for accomplishing artistic excellence while creating a strong bridge between the northeast and the rest of India,\" said Sanjay Nahar of Sarhad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17457265", "title": "Boys go missing after school", "text": "RAIPUR: Two students of Class 8 went missing after they went back for school on Saturday morning. The duo were students of Gurunanak School located at Amanaka.The students identified as Shivam and Vishwakarma are the resident of Heerapur and Kaliyaar Khan from Rotary Nagar.Amanaka police said that both the students left for school and didn't return, after which, Shivam's parents filed a complaint on Saturday evening.Police said that though the parents suspect it as a case of kidnap, they are still investigating the case. Both the students did not attend the school on that day which means they went missing right after leaving from home, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17456398", "title": "Rs 1 lakh reward announced for leads on murderer", "text": "BHOPAL: Twenty-four hours after the gruesome murder of the woman cashier of Central Region Power Distribution Company, the police have announced a cash reward of Rs 1 lakh for information leading to the arrest of the people involved in the murder. The incident took place on Saturday evening.\"A cash reward of Rs 1 lakh has been announced for leads helping cops to catch hold of the accused. In the meantime, police teams have started working on some leads. The motive behind the crime was loot. Unidentified accused first threw chili powder in her eyes, but it did not affect her much as she was wearing glasses. It was after then the accused inflicted injuries on the victim with a sharp-edged weapon to loot money, said additional DGP Vijay Yadav.The deceased, Meera Ahuja, a resident of Om Nagar near Halalpur, was alone at the cash counter when unidentified accused murdered her with the sharp-edged weapon and ran away with around Rs 2 lakh cash kept at the counter. The other employees came to know of the incident when the profusely bleeding woman somehow managed to go to the upper floor of the office.Two teams comprising officials and policemen from 19 police stations have been formed to work on the case. There appears little scope for drawing a sketch as there was no eyewitness around when the assailant hit the woman, the investigating officials added.\"The last rites were performed on Sunday. The footprints collected from the spot suggested there was only one accused inside the counter. The injury marks on the woman's right hand indicated that she struggled with the accused. More than three dozen people have been grilled so far,\" said SP Arvind Saxena.The incident left employees of power distribution company dazed and they threatened to boycott the bill collection work unless proper security arrangements were made, particularly for those at cash counters.Though the power company officials have assured CCTV cameras after the incident, no immediate decision has been taken on the security issue yet.The police officials pointed out a careless approach in the functioning of power company and wondered how a lone woman was left with cash in a secluded area of the office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17459317", "title": "Collaboration, key to change", "text": "From exploring best practices in education and tracking the latest trends to addressing challenges in education, the World Innovation Summit for Education (WISE) 2012, offered an insight into how collaboration can inspire innovation in education. Vishakha Sharma reportsStrong collaborations are often the source of best ideas, but can they actually inspire effective and long-term innovations in education ? With this in mind, the fourth edition of the World Innovation Summit for Education 2012 (WISE) brought together more than 1,000 academic , corporate, political and social leaders from over 100 countries at the Qatar National Convention Centre in Doha to explore the theme, 'Collaborating for Change.'How can the world, through newage education, address the complexities and interrelated challenges facing the world today? What are the creative solutions to access, financing and teaching? How do we improve strategies to share success and enhance institutional processes? These and several other questions were discussed and deliberated upon by participants during the three-day summit (November 13-15 ).His Excellency Abdulla bin Ali Al-Thani , chairman of WISE, in his welcome address said, \"WISE is an ideal platform for multi-sectoral collaboration in building the future of education . We have to consider how education can be re-shaped to meet the major challenges of modern life, against the backdrop of globalisation, and despite stark inequalities among and within societies.\"According to Her Highness Sheikha Moza bint Nasser, chairperson, Qatar Foundation, organisers of the summit , WISE, it is through education that a collective mind of communities is formed that helps in building a future , which is innovative.The summit offered interactive discussions with speakers, experts and members from the WISE community. Attendees got an opportunity to collaborate , interact and share best practices during the several plenary sessions and debates. Also, some of the other sessions focused on innovations and projects, along with workshops to facilitate collaboration on specific issues.ROAD AHEADFor Jenna Brashear, a graduate student at Vanderbilt University, US, collaborating with learners is the best way to teach them how to collaborate along with acquiring other important 21Century skills. Emphasising on collaboration, Brashear said, \"Collaboration with learners makes education more responsive and effective for learners; by increasing involvement, learners show willingness to engage in active citizenship in the future and finally it helps in building a curriculum that incorporates real-life materials.\"Talking about the importance of private partnerships for overall growth of education, Andrew P Swiger, senior vice-president , ExxonMobil Corporation, said, \"Collaboration of government, philanthropic institutes and business is needed for education to reach out to the world. This is because the role of business brings real knowledge in the economic space in the communities we operate in.\"However, according to Irina Bokova , director-general , UNESCO, education is also becoming part of a global political agenda. She pointed out that education today is not just about human rights any longer, but also an answer to questions on globalisation or for that matter economic crisis. \"Education empowers people, it is about human dignity, peace and sustainable development. Education is also about having healthy families and healthy children. So, education, inevitably, brings in sustainability in different areas of development,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17458423", "title": "7 model road projects cleared", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Seven new model road projects have been cleared by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) in the last few weeks. These projects were in the pipeline for long and were held back for the Election Commission's approval. The projects will cost Rs 143.87 crore.A major chunk of the money will be pumped into road construction in the west zone, which has seen an allocation of Rs 56.55 crore. Another chunk, Rs 16.04 crore will go into refurbishing roads that border the central and new west zones of the city. There are also plans for an overhaul of junction design and traffic lights for on Ashram Road for which the AMC has earmarked Rs 1.59 crore. The proposal will also see repair of Ashram Road, which interestingly will be resurfaced after almost a decade, while other roads of the city still give away every year.The AMC has earmarked Rs 6.98 crore for Ashram Road repairs. On the other hand, the south zone of the city, which includes a major chunk of the chief minister's constituency, gets Rs 22.77 crore in road repairs. The central and east zone gets Rs 21.97 crore worth of road projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17458847", "title": "6 held, multi-crore fuel theft racket busted in Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: A multi-crore petrol and diesel siphoning racket has been busted by the City Crime Branch (CCB) police with the arrest of six persons and seizure of five modified tankers on Sunday. Ashok , the kingpin owning seven tankers, was a tanker cleaner four years back. In four years, police said, the accused has siphoned petrol and diesel worth Rs 7 crore.Each day, the gang used to siphon off 110 litres of diesel and petrol. The arrested are: UB Ashok, 33, from Mani, Bantwal taluk; Sukumar, 28, from Sampaje; Chidananda, 21,from Madnoor, Puttur taluk; Kushalappa, 25, from Alankaru, Puttur taluk; Uday Kumar, 35, Hosanagar, Shomiga; and CK Smikil, 20, Kokkada, Belthangady taluk. Two more accused are at large.Police commissioner Manish Kharbikar said the accused siphoned off diesel and petrol by creating a channel inside the tanker, which kept the diesel/petrol at required levels during dip stick check at the bunks. The accused used to remove the petroleum product inside the channels after unloading the stock at petrol bunks at their hideouts.All the seven modified tankers belong to the prime accused and owner Ashok. Police also seized Rs 3 lakh which was offered as bribe to the CCB police. In total, the value of the seizure including tankers and the siphoned off petrol is put at Rs 69.29 lakh. The tankers were modified in Bangalore and Chennai.The arrest was carried out under the directions of Manish, DCP (law and order) Muthuraya and DCP (crime) Dharmayya by CCB inspector Venkatesh Prasanna and his team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "17459148", "title": "Trinamool factions clash, five injured", "text": "BURDWAN: Five persons sustained splinter injuries and more than 30 houses were ransacked when two rival factions of the Trinamool Congress clashed in Burdwan's Raina on Saturday over the death anniversary programme of two Trinamool supporters. Clashes between the two factions have been going on in the area for the last three days.Minister Swapan Debnath, however, denied that party supporters attacked the houses of villagers. On December 1, 2010, two Trinamool supporters - Kajal Mollah and Hasmat Ali Mallick - were killed in alleged police firing at Jyotsadi village of Raina. The news had triggered the then railway minister Mamata Banerjee to rush to Burdwan and address a rally the very next day, demanding arrest of the 'guilty' police officers.This year, two rival factions of the party, one led by Nimaul Seikh and the other by Saudagar Seikh, organized two different programmes to mark the death anniversary of Kajal and Hasmat, to allegedly gain control over the area.Sensing trouble, the Trinamool working president of Raina, Kajal Sarkar, stayed away from the Sahid Diwas programme at Jyotsadi village on Saturday evening.However, the programmes were stalled owing to the violence. could not take place because of the violence.Trouble started since 8am on Saturday with the rival factions going on a rampage. They not only hurled bombs, but looted houses of villagers and set furniture on fire, leaving five persons injured. The victims were later admitted to the hospital. Burdwan SP SMH Meerza said nobody had been arrested till Saturday night and the situation was under control. Police have started a case, he added.On Sunday, when agriculture minister Moloy Ghatak and cottage, small scale and land affairs minister Swapan Debnath attended another meeting at Jyotsadi High School, villagers complained to them about the regular clashes in Raina. Debnath said people who had looted houses were not party supporters. \"I have directed Burdwan SP SMH Meerza and at Raina police station to arrest the culprits,\" he added.Raina has been the centre of violence for the past few years. Trouble started when former upapradhan and CPM heavyweight Bamdas Mondal switched allegiance to Trinamool after the 2008 panchayat polls. The balance tilted towards Trinamool and clashes between CPM and Trinamool in Raina became a regular affair.Seikh Saudagar, leader of one of the factions, is reportedly backed by Bamdas Mondal who has been appointed the party secretary in Burdwan. But the Trinamool activists and leaders like Niamul Seikh who have been with the party from the beginning could never accept him.\"The main trade in Raina is looting sand illegally from the banks of river Damodar and everybody wants to take charge of Jyotsadi and Belsar because of that. We are fed up with the regular fights,\" said local Ainul Seikh.Uday Sarkar, zilla sabhadipati of Burdwan, said, \"Villagers have now understood that the Left was much better than the Trinamool. In only one and a half years of their rule, Trinamool has created terror in Raina,\" he alleged.Five persons have suffered splinter injuries and over thirty houses have been looted and vanadalised when two groups of Trinamool Congress supporters clashed with each other over organising a death anniversary programmee of two TMC supporters on police firing about two years ago at Jyotsadi and Belsar Village under trouble torn Raina Police Station area of Burdwan. Nobody has been arrested in this connection. Infact since the past three days clashes have been regularly taking places in the South Damodar area of Burdwan.On 1 December 2010 kajal Mollah and Hasmat Ali Mallick has been killed in alleged police firing in Jyotsadi village. The Then railway minister, Mamata Banerjee rushed to Burdwan and adressed rally on the very next day demanding arrest of the guilty police officers. To get control over the region both the rival fraction of trinamul congress Nimaul Seikh and Saudagar Seikh both organised separate programmes. Sensing trouble, the trinamul working president of Raina , Kajal Sarkar did not attend the sahid dibas programme at Jyotsadi village in the evening yesterday.Today, two ministers, agricultural minister Moloy Ghatak and cottage small scale and land affairs minister Swapan Debnath attended another meeting at Jyotsadi High School. Local villagers complained to both the ministers that they are fed up with the regular clashes in Raina area.Swapan Debnath said that the people who have looted houses and hurled bombs at villagers are not the party supporters instead they are goons. \" I have directed the Burdwan Police Super, SMH Meerza and Raina Police station to arrest the culprits and restore back peace,\"he added.Trouble started in Raina few years ago after former upapradhan and CPM heavyweight, Bamdas Mondal joined trinamul congress along others after the 2008 panchayet polls. The balance tilted to TMC and CPM - TMC clash in Raina and murders have been regular affair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "17458857", "title": "Woman beaten to death, 2 sons hurt in brawl", "text": "SONIPAT: A woman was beaten to death and her two sons injured when five youths attacked them at their residence in Murthal village of the district on Friday midnight. The main accused had been stalking the daughter of the victim woman which had resulted in brawl between them earlier also.While Anaro Devi, 52, wife of Mahender Kumar, died during treatment in the civil hospital on Saturday and her two young sons Devender Kumar and Narender Kumar are undergoing treatment with multiple injuries.The police on Sunday arrested three of the assailants, including the main accused Sonu, while two others are still absconding. The victims as well as the accused belong to the SC community.The police said that Sonu, 25, resident of Lakhu Bawana village had been living with his maternal uncle in Murthal village where he also ran a shop. He had been reportedly indulging in teasing of a girl in the neighbourhood and the girl's family had objected to his behaviour and reprimanded him several times in the past.\"The girl's brother Devender (one of the injured) also had a brawl with Sonu about two months ago when Devender also lodged a complaint with the police. Though, the police started investigation, the two groups later entered into a compromise and the complaint was withdrawn\", informed the Murthal police station SHO Veerbhan Singh.However, on Friday night, the victim's family had returned after ing a wedding function while the accused Sonu along with his friends too had returned from another marriage party on motorcycles. \"Some exchange of words between both groups led to a brawl again and Sonu along with his friends attacked the woman and his two sons with sticks and bricks\", the SHO informed.The police officer, while denying eve teasing as immediate provocation of incident of Friday night, stated that Sonu had been nursing a grudge against the family after the police complaint against him. He informed that Sonu and two other accomplices Amit and Arun, were arrested, while two others Sandeep and Monu are still absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17458746", "title": "Opium milk smuggler sneaks into UT, held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After Panchkula, supply of opium milk has been detected in Chandigarh.Two months after confiscation of two consignments of opium milk in Panchkula, 1kg of the stuff was seized from the possession of a notorious drug smuggler of Rajasthan, Bheru Lal, in Chandigarh on Saturday night. Lal was arrested from near the railway station and police are suspecting that the consignment was being smuggled through train.Sub-Inspector (SI) H S Sekhon of crime branch said the seized 1kg opium milk can produce 3kg opium and it is for the first time when the food material was packed in a plastic bag was seized in the city. Accused Lal has been arrested by Rajasthan police in half a dozen cases of drug smuggling and in two of the cases, he has been declared proclaimed offender, Sekhon added.Lal is a native of Bhilwara district in Rajasthan, a hub of opium smuggling.On September 22, Panchkula police seized two liters of opium milk and arrested three persons, including a Rajasthan-based supplier Qyum Khan from Sector 15 in Panchkula. The other two were Chetan and Jitender.The narcotics control bureau (NCB) has already issued advisory to Chandigarh, Haryana and Punjab police indicating that apart from Chandigarh, adjacent cities like Panchkula and Mohali, are fast growing transit points for narcotics. Meanwhile, Mohali police also seized 10kg poppy husk and arrested Paramjit Singh from a Punjab roadways bus near Lalru on Saturday night. Accused Singh was produced in the district court and sent into judicial custody on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457086", "title": "Colony roads in bad shape, agencies bicker", "text": "NEW DELHI: The trifurcation of MCD was carried out at chief minister Sheila Dikshit's behest to improve functioning of the local bodies. However, the pathetic condition of many inner colony roads -- long after the rains -- and the wrangling between the civic bodies and the Delhi government's PWD over accepting responsibility have left residents fuming and clueless.For residents of Lajpat Nagar-III, driving within the colony is a nightmare. The main road -- a 500-metre stretch connecting the colony with Ring Road -- has developed cracks right in the middle. Residents say that despite repeated complaints, South Delhi Municipal Corporation has not repaired the road.\"It is a bumpy drive till my house. But since it connects with Ring Road, we have no option but to take it. At one intersection, the pothole is almost one-foot deep,'' said Vishal Khanna, a resident of Lajpat Nagar-III. Recently, the civic agency had covered the drain which runs parallel to this road and constructed a cycle track on it. Residents say that not many cycles use the track. \"All rickshaws ply on this road. The civic agency has failed in upgrading the civic infrastructure. The least it can do is maintain the existing infrastructure,'' said Khanna.Similarly, the road between Pocket B and C in Vasant Kunj's Sector A is in need of urgent repair. Earlier, construction waste was dumped on this road and now the road has got completely worn out, say residents. The South corporation, which claims to have spent Rs 1.7 crore on repair and maintenance in the past six months, is refusing to repair the road despite repeated complaints. \"The civic agency claims that the road has been transferred to PWD. So, the corporation can't spend funds on its maintenance. But the road has been in this condition for nearly a decade now. Why didn't MCD maintain it earlier?\" said Amit Aggarwal, executive member of the Pocket B and C RWA.With PWD taking over all roads that are 60-foot wide or wider from the civic agencies, RWAs in the city are saying that both agencies are just passing the buck. \"Delhi government's recent decision has given them both an excuse for not doing their work. We have to drive on these pothole infested roads every day. The pathetic condition of these roads makes them accident-prone too,'' said Rajiv Kakria, a member of GK-I RWA.Two arterial roads in GK-1\u00e2\u20ac\u201d Hans Raj Gupta Marg and Pamposh Enclave Road near R block - have developed cracks and potholes. The road going towards Pamposh Enclave from Hans Raj Gupta Marg was re-carpeted during Commonwealth Games. \"In less than two years, it has got damaged. It is dangerous to drive on these stretches. Why should people suffer because of government's policy change,'' said Kakria. He claims the inner colony roads have not been re-carpeted in the past five years.The erstwhile MCD had started a special project, just before the municipal elections, to relay roads in 116 colonies. The work had started in some of the colonies but residents say the quality was dubious. \"Just before the municipal elections, the MCD had got ready mix concrete roads made. In less than one year, the roads have got damaged. It is impossible to make RMC roads in colonies, especially like South Extension-I, as the traffic volume is very high. The inner colony roads have not been repaired or re-carpeted in ages,'' said Manjeet Singh Chugh, general secretary, South Extension, Part-1 RWA.While the upmarket areas of the South corporation complain of pathetic condition of roads, officials claim that of the Rs 1.7 crore spent on road repair and maintenance, a majority of the work has been taken up in rural areas. \"We have carried out massive work in Mehrauli, Chhatarpur etc. With PWD taking over a majority of the roads, we are left with colony roads. We have also spent the sanctioned Rs 1.5 crore for construction of footpaths,'' said Mukesh Yadav, spokesperson, South corporation.PWD spokesperson Deepak Panwar, meanwhile, told TOI: \"We have taken over 802km of roads from MCD. The work for maintenance and dense-carpeting has been awarded and it will start shortly.\"But residents are not ready to believe the government agencies anymore. One of the important roads in Chittaranjan Park -- which connects Outer Ring Road with Govindpuri -- has been in a pathetic condition for years now. Residents say the government agencies are testing their patience. \"They can't do even the most basic things like road repairs properly and finish it on time. The procedural delays in civic work is just testing our patience,'' said Abhijeet Mukherjee, a CR Park resident.Area councillor Virender Kasana says the work has got stuck in red tape. \"The MCD had started the work of relaying the road using RMC. But the contractor did a shoddy job as the road was 10 inches above the existing level. We had asked for the new road to be levelled. The work was to start soon after Durga Puja but someone complained to the L-G's office. The matter is now pending there. The work will start once a decision is taken by the L-G,\" said Kasana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17457357", "title": "Charges for transferring property to heirs opposed", "text": "NOIDA: Residents have demanded that the state government refrain from implementing a proposal, currently under consideration by the Noida Authority, which would require property allottees to pay 'transfer charges' even in cases when they transfer it to their blood relations.As per the proposal made by the UP department of stamps and registration to Noida Authority, any change in allotment of properties should be allowed only after execution of lease deeds. As per the stamp department, the practice in vogue now allows for allottees of properties to transfer their allotments to blood relatives before the execution of lease deeds.\"At present, allottees are free to transfer properties to blood relations by paying a marginal sum of Rs 1,000 as processing fees during the time period between allotment and signing of lease deeds,\" said DIG (Stamps), VD Sharma. \"The proposal has been made to make registration of all immovable properties compulsory once it has been allotted. Any further transfers would require fresh registration and payment of stamp duties,\" he added.Stamp department officials said that Noida Authority has agreed to the proposal and is working upon implementing it soon. However, residents and industries are miffed over the fact that they would be forced to pay in terms of transfer charges for passing on properties to their natural heirs. Federation of Noida Industries has written to the state government not to allow implementation of the proposal.The policy, if implemented, would be applicable to all categories of allottees, including residential, commercial and industrial sectors. RWAs have opposed the proposal and demanded that Noida Authority not make any changes to the existing system involving transfer of properties to blood relations. \"It is an extremely sensitive issue for residents. The Authority should not implement the proposal before holding proper discussions with RWAs,\" said Suresh Tiwari, secretary general of Federation of Noida RWAs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17458614", "title": "Child welfare takes a back seat in Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Lawmakers cutting across party lines expressed concern over poor implementation of various child welfare schemes in Odisha, notwithstanding the increase in budgetary allocations for children over the years.Speaking at a seminar on 'consultation with MLAs on child rights' hosted by Odisha Alliance on Convention of Rights of Child (OACRC) here on Sunday, several MLAs, MPs and politicians found flaw with government and non-government agencies concerned for not effectively fulfilling basic needs like health, nutrition and education of children.\"All political parties give priority to winning elections. They have a greater role in sensitizing government and non-government agencies for proper implementation of child development projects,\" Rajya Sabha member Baishnab Parida said.Departments such as school and mass education, women and child development, health and family welfare, ST and SC development, labour and employment, sports and youth services largely address issues relating to education, health and nutrition, protection, development and welfare of children in the state. The total departmental budgetary provision for child benefits went up to Rs 2278.58 crore in 2011-12 from Rs 764.55 crore in 2007-08, sources said.Child rights activists demanded the government to initiate steps to address the needs of children of BPL families. \"Even though 48% of the total population reels under below poverty line, hardly any attempt has been made to cater to the needs of the poor children,\" said Ranjan Mohanty of OACRC.Senior Congress leader Bhupinder Singh said the government should take steps to curb child marriage and child labour in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "old goa", "code": "17456594", "title": "Thousands head to Old Goa ahead of SFX feast", "text": "OLD GOA: Thousands of pilgrims arrived in the former capital for the feast of Goa's patron saint, St Francis Xavier on December 3, as the nine-day novena attended by more than 3.5 lakh devotees ended on Sunday night.The church authorities said the pilgrims have arrived from different parts of the country and even abroad. \"There were a number of pilgrims from Ahmednagar in Maharashtra some of whom have come for the first time,\" Fr Savio Barreto, rector Bom Jesus Basilica said.The pilgrims who arrived on Sunday night and thronged the church premises and spilled into the streets and lawns will attend the first mass on the feast day at 4am.\"An old pilgrim , who had started one month ahead of the feast day, has walked all the way from Ahmednagar,\" Fr Barreto said.On Sunday, the pandal with a capacity to seat 10,000 pilgrims, was packed during most of the services.The rush of pilgrims forced authorities to keep the Basilica open till midnight on Sunday to allow them to kiss the relics of Goa's patron saint. But it was to be opened again at 2.30am on Monday morning after just two hours.On the feast day, the masses will be celebrated at 4am, 5am, 6am, 7am, 8am and 9am.The feast high mass at 10.30am will be concelebrated with bishop Anil Couto, archbishop-elect of Delhi, as the main celebrant, while archbishop Filipe Neri Ferrao, archbishop Emeritus Raul Gonsalves and bishop Allwyn Barreto of Sindhudurg will be the other celebrants.A mass will also be celebrated at 12.30 pm. Three other masses will be scheduled at 3pm in Spanish, 4pm and 5pm in Konkani and 6pm in English.The theme this year is \"By faith, like St Francis Xavier, to life in abundance\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17458923", "title": "'Many youths making a career in agriculture'", "text": "MYSORE: Many youngsters had been choosing medical science, computer, management, engineering, finance and accounting and law. But the latest trend among the youths, especially girls, is choosing agriculture as a career, said S Ayyappan, director general (ICAR) and secretary (DARE), Krishi Bhavan (New Delhi).He was delivering a keynote address on the first day of the two-day seminar on 'Application of Science and Technology to Promote Agricultural Growth and Value Addition' organized by JSS Educational Institution, University of Mysore, and Forum of Former Vice-Chancellors of Karnataka.\"The lucrative career that agriculture promises the youths made them to join agriculture colleges and universities. Women are ready to cultivate land, which hitherto was considered as hard work. They too have realized that choosing agriculture as a career is not bad.\"Speaking on youths playing the role of agriculturists, he said the intake and placement in the sector has drastically increased for the past five years. \"About 40% are girls,\" he added.Quoting Jawaharlal Nehru's words 'if agriculture fails, nothing else will survive', Ayyappan said it is relevant to this day. \"In India, 65-crore population depends on agriculture. Though the country produces enough food, it faces storage problems. Sadly, 25 crore people suffer from malnutrition,\" he added.Throwing light on the present agriculture scenario, he said 65% activities are rain-fed. \"Climate change, natural disasters and cyclones make it to suffer. Indian agriculture has improved over the years, but quality seeds are the need of the hour,\" he said, and added that Karnataka stands first in horticulture produce and quality milk production.Commenting on organic farming, Ayyappan said it is not a solution for agriculture revolution. \"It depends on the nature of soil,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17462030", "title": "Patna village bans women from using mobiles", "text": "PATNA: A village panchayat in Bihar has prohibited women from using mobile phones and imposed heavy fines on them if they violated the diktat, an official said Monday.The self-styled social reformers of Sunderbadi village panchayat in Kochadham block of Kishanganj district Sunday issued the orders banning women from using mobiles, a district official said.\"The villagers have issued an order to impose a fine of Rs.10,000 if a girl is found using a mobile phone, while a married woman will have to pay a fine of Rs.2,000 if found talking on a mobile outside her house,\" the official said.A senior police official at the police headquarters here said it was the first such diktat issued by a village panchayat in Bihar. \"There is no precedent to such an order issued by a Bihar village panchayat,\" the official said.The Sunderbadi panchayat has also ordered women not to bathe on roadside.\"The decision was taken in a meeting attended by panchayat members and village elders,\" Mohammad Manzoor Alam, who presided over the meeting, told IANS by telephone Monday.Alam said the villagers, mostly elders, favoured imposing the ban.\"Mobile phone is the cause of all evils in our society, including increasing love affairs and the incidents of elopement,\" he claimed.Kishanganj is a Muslim-dominated district, and among the most backward districts in Bihar with 60 percent of the population living below the poverty line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17458794", "title": "Good snowfall gives new life to glaciers", "text": "MANALI: With high-altitude mountains in Himachal Pradesh experiencing up to 100 cm fresh snowfall in November month after 10 years, the abundance of snow on mountains has rejuvenated nearly one thousand glaciers and has ensured uninterrupted supply of water for drinking, irrigation and hydel projects.Even after years of research on glaciers and climate of Himalayas, scientists have failed to learn the pattern of the weather here. While scanty snowfall and rising temperature in last decade had sparked the possibilities of fast shrinking of glaciers, good spells of snowfall in last three years have changed the trend with glaciers almost growing to their original size. Some scientists say that despite heavy snowfall in winters, the extreme heat in summers is causing the melting of the glaciers with abnormal speed and others say extreme cold in winters is neutralizing the minor effect of risen temperature in summer. Overall, speed of melting of glaciers has reduced over the past few years only due to good snowfall in winter months.Bara Shigri, Dhaka, Beas Kund, Sonapani, Gora, Gangstang, Miyad, Gyephang, Bhadal, Chandra, Bhaga, The Lady of Keylong, Nahan, Dudhon, Parbati and Perad are some of the prominent glaciers in Himachal which give birth to hundreds of brooks and rivers. According to scientists, global warming has changed the pattern of snowfall on Himalayas. Though it could be harmful for the weather-cycle, good amount of snowfall help glaciers retain water.\"Global warming is a contentious issue but it's a reality,\" said J C Kuniyal, senior scientist with GB Pant Institute of Himalayan Environment and Development, who is studying the behaviour of Himalayan environment for many years. \"It's good that our receding glaciers are receiving good amount of snow. Glaciers not only play an important role in balancing life of flora and fauna, but presence of snow on mountains also helps in balancing the temperature. Snowfall would give new life to underground water sources,\" he said.The 11-km-long Bara Shigri is the largest glacier in Himachal, but is shrinking very fast. The Dhaka glacier in Chandrabhaga mountain ranges is also losing its length, width and height. This was proved beyond doubt when wreckage of an AN-12 aircraft which remained beneath the glacier since 1968 recently surfaced due to melting of snow. However, the thick layer of fresh snowfall has again built a safety wall on all the glaciers. The extreme cold temperature is another advantage as melting of snow has stopped almost completely.According to Kuniyal, changing pattern of weather, which is causing extreme weather conditions and shifting of the seasons, is a matter of concern. \"Snowfall is good but heavy snowfall in lower and new areas and scanty snowfall on higher areas is sign of global warming. For now, regular spells of snowfall are good for vegetation and hydel projects as there would be enough moisture and water in summer months.\"The Himalayas comprise about 15,000, glaciers which include more than 1,000 glaciers in Himachal and they store around 12,000 cubic kilometres of fresh water. Good snowfall in Himachal is beneficial for Punjab, Haryana, Chandigarh and other neighbouring provinces, besides Pakistan , which get water from the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17456577", "title": "Mystery shrouds student's death", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: A 19-year-old degree student was found dead in suspicious circumstances near Vambay colony at Kommadi on the outskirts of the city along NH-16 on Sunday morning.On receiving information from locals who found the body near some bushes, police from PM Palem police station reached the spot. The victim was identified as K Jayalakshmi, a resident of Ootagedda which is located 20 km from Vambay colony.Police said she was pursuing first year B Com degree through distance education mode from AGL College in Vizag.Based on preliminary investigation, police suspect that she might have been murdered somewhere else and her body was thrown in the bushes from the highway.There were no visible marks of injury or struggle on her body, a policeman said. \"There could be a possibility that she might have consumed or forced to consume poison-laced drink. But there was no frothing or secretion of foam from her mouth. The body looked intact,\" he said.However, according to the locals who found the body in the morning, there were multiple injuries on her neck and right hand. The police team pressed a dog squad and the Clues team was also rushed to the spot to collect evidence.Among the things found near the crime scene, the police picked up a few books belonging to Lakshmi, bus tickets and her college identity card.Jayalakshmi left her house in Ootagedda near RK Beach at around 8.30 am on Saturday and did not return home, police said. Her family members did not register a missing complaint though she did not return home last evening, they added. Her father K Srinivasa Rao, a washerman, had deserted the family about two years ago.\"We are trying to ascertain whether she had gone to the spot where her body was found on her own, which is far from her house, or was forcibly taken there by somebody. We are waiting for the postmortem report,\" said assistant commissioner of police Karanam Rajendra.Mother Ramanamma said that Lakshmi had no differences with anybody. \"We thought that Jayalakshmi might have gone to her friend's house when she did not reach home till late on Saturday night,\" Ramanamma told the media. The body was sent for postmortem at King George Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17458841", "title": "Indian spinners will come hard at us: Bairstow", "text": "KOLKATA: England might have staged a remarkable comeback in Mumbai to level the four-match Test series 1-1, but their middle-order batsman Jonny Bairstow feels it will be premature to say that the English batsmen have sorted out the Indian spinners.\"We did pretty well against the spinners (in Mumbai), but they are world class and will come hard at us here. We will have to be on our toes while facing them. However, with the momentum on our side, we hope to do well,\" Bairstow said after his team's first practice session at the Eden Gardens on Sunday.\"The confidence and morale of the side is obviously very high at the moment. We have had a week off after the Mumbai Test and have recharged our batteries. We will be preparing the same way as we had done in the first two Tests and hopefully we can keep the momentum going,\" he stated.Bairstow was all praise for his captain Alastair Cook and Kevin Pietersen , who both hit big hundreds in Mumbai, paving the way for the team's 10-wicket win.\"They played outstandingly well. Cook, in fact, played brilliantly in both the Tests. It was a pleasure to watch those two innings. It is an exciting time for our batters and we hope to continue in the same vein,\" he stated.The 23-year-old has still not been able to cement his place in the England Test side. He was left out of the England XI for the Ahmedabad Test in spite of having scored 95 and 54 in his previous two Test innings at Lord's against South Africa.Looking back he said, it was obviously disappointing to be dropped after getting some runs. \"But the decision was taken to maintain the side's balance,\" he said.However, with Ian Bell rejoining the side, Bairstow is conscious of the possibility that he could lose his place again. \"Obviously, I'll be delighted to be selected. I'm just working hard at the training,\" he said, adding that he was hopeful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17459012", "title": "Delhi University fast-tracks results", "text": "This December, students of Delhi University colleges will not have to crowd around notice boards to catch a glimpse of their results. The university has plans to declare the results of the ongoing semester examination online. For the first time, DU will be announcing the results online of one lakh 20 thousand students appearing for the exams.Setting aside all talks of delayed results , Dinesh Singh, vice-chancellor of DU, says that the results will be fasttracked this time and will be declared within 14 days of the completion of the exams. Results of all students will be put up by December 15 on the university website (www.du.ac.in).\"Results will be announced online and students will be supplied with their marksheets as well. If students want a certified copy, they can get the principal's stamp on the marksheet after that,\" says Singh.The entire system of evaluation and declaration of results has been overhauled and will be further refined in the next series of exams. According to Pradumn Kumar, principal of Hindu College , who was a member of the exam reform committee, \"The evaluation system was made online this year beginning with the practical exam results that were generated by the colleges directly . For theory exams also teachers will submit the corrected answer scripts and award sheets at the evaluation centres, which will be uploaded on the university server. The software systems of colleges are connected with the university server.\"Earlier, the award sheets were filled in manually and sets of answer scripts were sent to the university, after which the results were declared. This process used to consume a lot of time. The university also plans to streamline the scheme of setting and distributing question papers from the next academic session. Besides, question papers will be set and printed in both English and Hindi. \"It will benefit students to have all the information regarding exams , admit cards, results and marksheets online. The new system under this reform will help streamline the entire examination process as well as minimise paperwork,\" adds Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17457402", "title": "Minor scuffle turns fatal as two shot dead, 4 hurt", "text": "JAIPUR: A minor scuffle between two groups from different villagers under Kumher police station area in Bharatpur district turned serious when one group opened fire on the other in which two persons were killed and four others injured.On Sunday afternoon some youths had a minor spat over an incident in which a youth sustained minor injuries after he was hit by a motorbike rider. The spat took an ugly turn in the evening when the bikers thrashed the youths protesting against their driving. Soon the youths who had been beaten up returned from their village Pichumar and brought with them more persons.Anshuman Bhomia, superintendent of police, Bharatpur said, \"At 6.30pm some assailants attacked the natives of Sikroli village with weapons including country-made pistols. Some rounds were fired in which two youths were killed while four others were injured. The seriously injured were rushed to a hospital where they were declared brought dead. They are yet to be identified since we are on the job of chasing the assailants,\"He said that the two groups belonged to different castes. There was tension in the village and senior officers including the SP and others rushed to the village.Heavy police force was stationed in both the villages of Pichumar and Sikroli to maintain law and order. Police have registered a case of murder against unknown assailants and have detained at least a dozen persons in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17456905", "title": "Lucknow University mulls acting tough on colleges flouting norms", "text": "LUCKNOW: After issuing notices to law colleges for violating norms, Lucknow University officials are now focussing on degree colleges, which have temporary affiliations. And, if university officials are to be believed, then there exist more than two dozen colleges running without having fulfilled the basic requirement in terms of infrastructure and human resources.LU registrar JB Singh said, \"We are looking at details of colleges, which have temporary affiliation. If they do not overcome the anomalies in a time bound manner, we will initiate the de-affiliation process. There are nearly two dozen such colleges in the city.\"According to LU, most of the colleges that are lacking in infrastructure and are facing teacher shortage were given affiliation three years ago. University's executive council gave recognition to such colleges with a condition that they should remove the anomalies within the time fixed by the university or before the admission process begins. However, neither did the colleges made an effort to overcome the irregularities nor did the university take any action.University officials have been more cautious after the fraudulent activities of two of its affiliated colleges - Swantantra Girls Degree College and SG Degree College - where the former existed only on papers. But as per the officials, the university now looks ahead to initiate proceedings against such colleges. Though the university has extended the date till March 31 asking colleges to remove anomalies, officials said that they will send notices to colleges warning them of de-recognition in case they do not meet the basic requirements. \"This is the last chance for the colleges,\" a LU official said. Teachers said that there are many prominent colleges in the city running some or the other course without fulfilling the norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457297", "title": "HC blast: Court to decide on charges today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court will decide on Monday if an accused in a terror attack on its premises ought to be tried for the stringent charge of waging war against the state. A bench of Justices Sanjiv Khanna and S P Garg will give its verdict on a plea by the National Investigation Agency that the trial court erred in dropping the stringent penal provision against Wasim Akram Malik.The charge under Section 121 (waging war against India) attracts death penalty as the maximum punishment. In its plea, the NIA urged HC to set aside the lower court order and charge Malik under Sections 121, 121A and 122 of the IPC, dealing with conspiracy, waging war against the government and collecting arms and ammunitions for the purpose.Malik is facing trial in the September 7 terror attack of last year that had killed 15 and injured 79 people outside the HC. While making its case, the NIA had argued, \"The special court did not appreciate the fact that in the present case an institution like the Delhi high court was a target of the terror act and as per the appellant's respectful submission, it amounts to waging war against government of India and is punishable under Sections 121 and 121A of IPC.\"The special court, on September 4, had framed charges in the case, but had dropped the stringent charges against Malik saying more evidence was required to frame charges under those provisions.\"These offences (relating to waging war against country) require something more than the one which is available against the accused in this case. Merely because a bomb had exploded outside the Delhi HC, and there was a reference of release of Afzal Guru in the e-mail, it does not mean these three offences (of waging war against country) are made out,\" the lower court had said. NIA referred to the statements of Amir Abbas Dev, who later turned approver, and other witnesses to show that harsher charges should have been framed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17456719", "title": "Govt 'delists' power plants from coal supply", "text": "NAGPUR: Two major private players with power plants in the state may find it difficult to get coal under the fuel supply agreement (FSA) mode from Coal India Limited (CIL) for a part of their thermal power projects (TPPs). These include two units of Indiabulls Power Limited at Amravati and Nashik, having a total capacity of 1040MW, and the 240MW plant set up by the Abhijeet Group for use by units in Mihan-SEZ. Coal supplied through a FSA is cheaper as compared to that procured through e-auction or imports.The problem is ambiguity about whether the units are eligible to get the fuel from CIL, or its subsidiary Western Coalfields Limited (WCL) in this case. As per the government policy, coal under FSA with CIL subsidiaries is provided on the basis of milestones achieved for the respective projects.A list released by the ministry of coal is being taken as the ready reckoner for going ahead with agreements. However, even as the four units of Indiabulls and Abhijeet Group have achieved all the milestones, their names do not appear in the list.\"The list was issued by the government in February 2012 and it is sacrosanct. Coal cannot be supplied unless the plant's name appears in it, no matter the milestones achieved by a company or not. We had sought a clarification from the ministry of coal about those units, where milestones were achieved, but their names are not on the list. There has been no reply so far,\" said a senior official in WCL involved in the process.Abhijeet Group's plant is already running on coal procured through open market. An official in this company said the Abhijeet Group is not insisting on the FSA as there is hardly any demand for power in the SEZ. Facing tough times after coalgate investigations, Abhijeet Group recently had a debt recast done for a loan of over Rs 1,000 crore.Indiabulls is coming up with power plants having capacity of over 1,300MW in two phases at Amravati and Nashik. The commercial operations for most of the units has not begun.The company's vice chairman Rajiv Rattan told TOI that there were two different lists and the one prepared by the Central Electricity Authority (CEA), includes the names of these four units. The issue is expected to be resolved by December. Rattan said he would also e-mail the list to TOI by Thursday, but no such mail was received.Meanwhile, a CEA list with the WCL also does not include Indiabulls units. The list pertains to plants likely to be commissioned in 2012-13.Under the FSA, CIL supplies coal in proportion to the power purchase agreement signed with a distribution company by the firm setting up the plant.There are five power plants which have not achieved the milestones and hence will not be getting coal under FSA mode. These include state-government owned Mahagenco's units at Parli and Bhusawal having capacity of 250 and 660MW respectively. The others are private power plants coming up in Chandrapur and Yavatmal districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17459284", "title": "Centre asks states to reduce sales tax on wine to 4%", "text": "NASHIK: The ministry of food processing industries has instructed the major wine producing states to bring down the sales tax to four per cent. Additionally, the major wine producing states were asked to form a joint panel and submit a report on uniform tax structure for wine in the country.Rakesh Kacker, secretary, ministry of food processing industries met the government representatives from Maharashtra, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu at a joint meeting on Friday.There is no proper wine policy in the country as every state has its own policy. Apart from several marketing hurdles, disparity in duty and tax structure is one of the major problems which the wine industry in the country is facing.Maharashtra and Karnataka are the two major wine manufacturers in the country. Maharashtra has levied around 150% intra-state duty on the wine coming from other states. Taking this into account, the Indian Grape Processing Board (IGPB ) had suggested the ministry of food processing industries to hold talk with the major wine making states on a uniform tax structure.The IGPB chairman Jagdish Holkar, said, \"The meeting was attended by government representatives of Maharashtra, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu. Currently, the sales tax for wine in the state is 20%, of which 16% is refundable. The sales tax on wine is 70% in Andhra Pradesh, 50% in Tamil Nadu and Kerala. The sale of wine will increase if the sales tax is reduced to four percent across all states.\"Government representatives from excise and finance departments of Maharashtra, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu attended the meeting that was chaired by Rajesh Kacker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17457409", "title": "Three die after being trapped inside well", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a tragic incident, three youths engaged in renovation of a well died after they were trapped inside the well. The deceased have been identified as Praveen, 27, of Mannattukonam, Sreejith alias Kuttan, 28, of Payattuvila and Satheesh Mohan, 22, of Pappanamcode.Sources said the incident happened around 1.30pm. The three were engaged in cleaning the 35-ft-deep well in the compound of Praveen's house when the accident occurred. The well has been lying unused for quite some time.They had made a platform above the water level to prevent the dirt from falling into the well while cleaning. Praveen was standing on the platform and cleaning when it gave way and he fell down. Sreejith and Satheesh Mohan jumped into the well one after the other to save Praveen but all three of them were trapped inside the narrow well and choked to death.They struggled for over two hours inside the well before they ran out of breath and died. Around 2 pm, personnel from the Vizhinjam unit of Fire and Rescue Services arrived and took out Satheesh Mohan who had jumped last into the well. He was unconscious by the time he was pulled out. He died later at the Neyyatinkara taluk hospital. The personnel of Chackai unit of Fire and Rescue Services had to be summoned to assist those from Vizhinjam unit to take out the remaining two. Sreejith and Praveen were pulled out dead.Residents alleged that it was the delay on the part of the Fire and Rescue Services personnel that caused the deaths. They said the firemen arrived without necessary equipment such as breathing apparatus. Praveen and Sreejith died while the rescue officials were waiting for assistance from their counterparts at Chackai unit.The residents also alleged that the firemen were drunk when they reached the spot. However, this allegation was later proved false by the Vizhinjam police who subjected the personnel to a medical test.The body of Satheesh Mohan is kept at the mortuary of Neyyatinkara taluk hospital while the bodies of the other two are kept at the Medical College Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17456376", "title": "The magic wand that attracts voters", "text": "VADODARA: The magic seems to be spreading across the state. And it is about the charisma of a leader or a poll wave, but the trend of magicians being roped in for poll campaigns.If the BJP is using a magician in Bharuch to attract crowds, it is the Congress that is doing so in Godhra.A magician S Lal has been roped in for the election campaign of Congress candidate C K Raulji. The magician is a party worker from Nagpur in Maharashtra who has been travelling across the country to hold shows for the party particularly during the polls.The magician has earlier worked for the party at Jalalpure and Nizar assembly constituencies in south Gujarat.The magician started doing shows around two decades ago, but since several years now has been working for the party and ensuring that crowds do not disperse at election rallies.S Lal performs a series of tricks and even canvasses for the candidate during the show.\"A popular trick that I do for the party is that of bringing out a hand, which is our party symbol, out of ashes of a burnt paper. I also ask people to show restrain during the campaign and conduct themselves well during the polls,\" he says.He added that while the tricks attracted people, he was able to send some campaign messages across. \"The audience remains involved in the process. The leaders can then take the stage over,\" S Lal said adding that he will be in Godhra till December 15.S Lal, who does not disclose his real name, said that he was inspired by Gujarati magician late K Lal. \"I also belong to the state where he had his in-laws. His wife was from Vardha,\" S Lal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17456979", "title": "Newer norms make operators' licences must for restaurants", "text": "CHENNAI: Restaurants, dealing with the rising cost of essential commodities, manpower and rent, are now looking at obtaining a food business operator's license as well.The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India has made it mandatory for food businesses with a turnover of more than 12 lakh a year to obtain the licence for a fee of 2,000. The licence is required for food manufacturers, packers, wholesalers and distributors and the deadline is February 4, 2013.However, officials are not yet sure about the rules and regulations. Officials at the food and safety department said, \"We have no information on the new rules set by the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India. Our job is to grant food licenses and check whether regulations are being followed. There is no clarity on the new licence agreement yet.\"Hoteliers said the norms were too stringent. R Srinivasan, secretary, Tamil Nadu Hotels Association, said, \"We have given representations to the government saying that the regulations under the Food Safety and Standards Authority need to be amended if the rules are to be enforced. The regulations relate to food standards of 1954. Much has changed in the last 58 years. If those standards are to be followed, 50% of the commodities cannot be sold in the country.\"A Marudupandiyan, director, Anjappar chain of restaurants, said, \"There is no clarity on the new regulations. A number of amendments are required before the new licensing regulation can be followed. The standards set are very high and I don't think any hotelier can follow them, considering the kinds of raw materials available these days.\"Srinivasan said, \"Earlier the quality of rice was superior but now so many fertilizers are used on crops. The standards have dipped. The government should take this into account before formulating the norms.\"A few small hoteliers who did not wish to be named said about 600 officials have been appointed by the Food and Safety Standards Authority of India to implement the new regimes. They were worried that they would not be able to meet the stringent norms and would have to pay bribes to get licenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "17457023", "title": "Pilgrimage &amp; fun go hand-in-hand", "text": "RAMGARH: The famous temple of goddess Chhinnamastika in Rajrappa, located in a forest and pollution-fee atmosphere , is fast becoming a preferred choice of picnickers in the winter for two reasons.Picnic at Rajrappa provides one with double excitement as one could get opportunity to offer prayer to the goddess for peace, prosperity and happiness for the family and also enjoy the picnic with fun and food in the warm sands of river amid beautiful natural scenario of forest, hills and rivers.Rajrappa gets the status of one of the best picnic hotspots when mercury dips in between December and January.Local businessman Shakti Kumar and his friends have already started planning for a picnic on the confluence of the Damodar and the Bhairvi beside the temple.Deepak Mukharjee, an official of a steel and iron factory in Ramgarh district, said his colleagues have decided to make a trip to the Rajrappa temple this year too to enjoy the winter with some special dishes available in Rajrappa.\"Like in the past, this year too we have finalized our plan for Rajrappa as we are lucky for having such a beautiful place with a famous temple nearby our workplace. We like to enjoy picnic with the worship of Goddess Chhinnamastika,\" Mukharjee added.Ajay Panda, a priest of the temple, said devotees as well as picnickers need not carry anything as hundreds of cottages on the Bhairvi bank supply cooking materials to them for a little price.Groceries, milk, fruits and fresh vegetables are also available in the local market, which help picnickers choose Rajrappa for a favourite picnic spot.Officer in charge of Rajrappa police station Doman Rajak said security had been beefed up in the area.\"We are keeping a close watch on the people visiting the temple for puja and picnic. Hope that there will not be any untoward incident,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17456701", "title": "Cops 'shooting' love birds in parks", "text": "BANGALORE: Imagine this. A policeman taking a camera and filming intimate moments of lovers in a park or other public spaces. Well, in public gardens like Cubbon Park, there are actually cops on the prowl, who flaunt cameras and slyly 'film' couples making it out in the park. The provocation for this, according to the cops, is complaints from elderly citizens who have been embarrassed by such unabashed display of affection in the parks during their strolls.This tough posturing has infuriated youngsters and activists who say the drive is nothing but moral policing. The police, on the other hand, feel there's nothing wrong and are firm that they will carry on with their \"shooting\" campaign. They even claim that the cameras don't have rolls but warn they could \"really\" film the youngsters in case they need evidence.Additional commissioner of police, law and order, T Suneel Kumar, denied that police were into moral policing but were only acting on various complaints. \"We have been receiving complaints, especially from elderly citizens, about people indulging in shady activities in the park. Looking at the magnitude of the complaints, we decided to go for the drive,\" he said.Not surprisingly, youngsters are not happy with the move. \"Police are being perverts. What can be cheaper than shooting couples in the park! If people have complained about any nuisance, police should put up boards. How different are the cops from B grade movie directors, if they go around shooting couples making out?\" said Raul Menzes, an accounts manager with an advertising major.But police have their supporters too. An anonymous reaction to the news reports on the police action read: \"What police are doing is right. We should not love like animals. We have to maintain decorum. Today's youngsters are immature and always cross all the lines of decency and decorum. What parents cannot do at least police are doing. We have to put a stop to these youngsters going high in public parks.We elders cannot even go to park for walks due to indecent and immature behavior in front of elders. Police should send them to jail if they cross the limit of decency in public places and malls.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17459010", "title": "Data is the new oil", "text": "A study estimates that 'big data' solutions market opportunity in India is set to grow to $153.1 million by 2014. Dipal Gala reports.With chips being implanted into everything that is created from white goods to cars, the web and social media gathering a 24/7 picture of every linked person in the world, there is zettabytes of information being created. \"Data is the new oil,\" said Clive Huby, a British data commercialisation entrepreneur, the now famous phrase that was embraced by the World Economic Forum in a 2011 report.Though India has about 30 million smartphone users today, the number is growing by more than 50% every year. Rajan Anandan of Google at a recent conference on digital trends stated that what excites him is the potential of 2015. It's 38 months to the end of 2015, when we in India will be at 300 million smartphone users and the second largest connected market.Corporations are, therefore, now looking to deploy serious computing power to make sense of these huge amounts of data. \"About 90% of the data has been created in the last two years. It is being created at a great velocity and is mostly unstructured information. This data can be a good revenue generating tool for companies as it helps them track consumer behaviour by analysing the data,\" says Tim Young, executive, Big Data Strategy, IBM .A NetApp study estimates that big data solutions market opportunity in India is set to grow to $153.1 million by 2014. This represents a compounded annual growth rate ( CAGR ) of 37.8% for the period 2011-2014 . Anil Valluri, president, NetApp, says, \"Data by itself has no value unless it is translated into insight that can help drive business results. Verticals like retail, telecom and manufacturing can immensely benefit from big data solutions that dramatically help organisations get control of data and reduce time-to-insight .\"Data scientistsHence, the new focus on data scientists. A data scientist is someone who knows just enough programming, system administration and statistics to transform a large, possibly heterogeneous set of unstructured data into actionable intelligence or an actual product. The data scientist has sufficient visualisation, communication and intuitive skills to be able to express these connections in a deep way between technology, business and customer behaviour.Although data uptake in India is still at an early stage, the numbers are staggering. A study done by NetApp reveals that information deluge has become the order of the day among Indian enterprises, with 40% of organisations in verticals like BFSI, Media &amp; Entertainment, Telecommunications and government having more than 100 terabytes of data currently. A data scientist represents an evolution from the role of a business or data analyst. The formal training is similar, with a solid foundation typically in computer science and applications, modeling, statistics, analytics and math.What sets the data scientist apart is strong business acumen, coupled with the ability to communicate findings to both business and IT leaders in a way that can influence how an organisation approaches a business challenge. Good data scientists will not just address business problems, they will identify the right problems that is of utmost value to the organisation. The role of a data scientist, in recent times, has been described as a 'part analyst, part artist.'What is big data?Data becomes 'big data' when it outgrows current ability to process, store and cope with it efficiently. According to zettaset.com, storage has become cheap in the past decade, which means it has become easy to collect mountains of data. However, our ability to actually process the mountains of data quickly has not scaled as fast. Traditional tools to analyse and store data - SQL databases, spreadsheets, Chinese abacus - were not designed to deal with vast data problems.The amount of information in the world is now measured in zettabytes. A zettabyte, which is 1021 bytes (that is one followed by 21 zeroes), is a big number. Imagine you wrote three paragraphs describing your favourite movie - that is about one kilobyte. Next, imagine you wrote three paragraphs for every grain of sand on the earth - that amount of information is in the zettabyte range. You may 'only' have some number of terabytes in your database, but you still have a lot of data to work with. And that number is only going to balloon in size every year.Courtesy: NetApp", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17458780", "title": "NGOs to manage Kanpur Municipal Corporation\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s night shelters", "text": "KANPUR: Kanpur Municipal Corporation has decided to rope in NGOs for managing the newly-built night shelter homes in the city this winter. A resolution to this effect will be passed as soon as the NGOs are shortlisted.It is important to mention here that 28 new night shelter homes are ready for use and will soon be opened to public in areas like Kalyanpur, Kidwai Nagar, Panki, Govind Nagar, and Naubasta. Though the primary responsibility of shelter home management will be under the medical officer of KMC Dr UP Agarwal, the NGOs will be brought on board for their basic management.These new shelters homes will provide shelter and basic facilities like blankets and mattresses for the needy and destitute. There will also be provision of bonfires, stove, and utensils. Earlier shelter homes which are in a dilapidated state will be closed for use and their inhabitants will be shifted to these new shelters.As per high court guidelines, there should be one shelter home for a population of one lakh in every city and district. Going by the latest census, the city population stands at approximately 50 lakh. This way, there should be at least 50 shelter homes here. However, KMC has constructed only 28, that too after a year's delay.More than 12,000 homeless people were identified in a survey conducted by a private organization last year, based on which the night shelters were opened. Sources said shelter homes constructed by KMC can only accommodate a maximum of 100 people. \"The 28 new shelter homes will therefore accommodate only 2,800 people. What about the rest? All this is just eyewash,\" said Vineeta, a social activist.\"A large number of NGOs are coming forward to undertake the management of night shelter homes. We will soon shortlist the best ones and open the newly constructed shelter homes for the locals,\" said municipal commissioner NKS Chauhan. The official further said even the earlier night shelter homes are running in joint collaboration of KMC and NGOs. He said some more shelter homes for the poor will come up as winter progresses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17458619", "title": "Road safety at stake in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Absence of dedicated driving testing tracks in Bhubaneswar has been a cause of concern for rookie drivers. At present, private driving training institutes are training people on busy roads leading to frequent mishaps. At least 15 accidents caused by learner drivers and involving vehicles of training institutes have taken place last year. \"We have been warning driving training centres against teaching students on busy roads,\" ACP (traffic) Binod Das said.In their defence, trainers said they teach driving skills during non-peak traffic hours, particularly early morning. \"We are forced to use the city roads as driving testing track since we do not have open spaces. We take utmost precaution to prevent accidents,\" said Prabir Pattnaik, a trainer.At present, the city has only one testing track in Chandrasekharpur, which is being used by the transport department to teach driving skills to people before issuing them driving licences.The training institutes are using Mahatma Gandhi Marg, Sachivalaya Marg and the spacious road connecting AG Square to Governor House as testing track during peak hours. \"We do not think police ever take the trainers to task for allowing rookie drivers to learn driving on the crowded roads,\" said Siddharth Das, a lawyer.Regional transport officer Lalmohan Sethi said the menace would come to an end when the proposed driving training institute gets commissioned in Bhubaneswar. \"The government has identified 12 acre land near Janla for it. A leading automobile company will operate the proposed institute,\" Sethi said. While government would develop requisite infrastructure, the company would employ trainers and vehicles to teach driving.He said there is an urgent need to have more trained drivers for heavy vehicles in view of rise in vehicle population along industrial corridors in state. Sources said 33,87,077 vehicles were registered during last year as against 30,40,928 in 2010. In 2009-10, as many as 26,39,576 vehicles were registered in Odisha. Last year, the state government had inaugurated a heavy vehicle drivers institute at Chhatia. The transport department is also hunting for vacant land on city outskirts to develop driving testing track", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17458753", "title": "Another Tibetan sets himself ablaze, toll reaches 90", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17458844", "title": "Medical representatives to stage nationwide strike on December 4", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 1.5 lakh medical representatives and sales employees will stage a pan-India strike on Tuesday to press their demands.The medical representatives have made demands under 18 points. Out of these, 11 are before the central government, four before state government and three are related to employees. According to Arvind Tiwari, secretary of Kanpur unit of UPMSRA, among the major demands are declaration of statutory working rules for sales promotion employees under SPE act, prevention of takeover of Indian companies by multinational companies, and availability of all essential drugs through compulsory manufacturing.Lawyers refuse to toe KBA's line: A rift surfaced among the members of Kanpur Bar Association on Saturday when scores of lawyers opposed the call of strike and dharna worked in the courts of the twin districts in the city.The president and general secretary of KBA had given a call to stage a dharna near the Gandhi statue at Phoolbagh.In the morning, the executive committee of KBA announced that lawyers would abstain from judicial work to attend the dharna. Several members assembled at the KBA building and raised anti-executive slogans and declared that they would not follow the whimsical directions of KBA office-bearers. They decided to go to the courts. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17458889", "title": "Tamil Nadu devotees clean pond and temple in Melukote", "text": "MYSORE: A group of devotees from Tamil Nadu cleaned the premises of Sri Cheluvanarayanaswami temple and panchakalyani at Melukote, 50 km from here, on Saturday and Sunday.The devotees numbering 100 came to Melkote from Coimbatore at the invitation of local devotees Ramanujakootam Govardhan Ramanujadasan and Kovil Nambi Sampatkumar and cleaned the two places. The vehicles used for fair, diya pillars and gomukhas were also cleaned. They also removed weeds from the panchakalyani Melukote's Shramakalyana Seve's Devastana Vyavastapana Samiti president Hadyaramesh Raju said that devotees from Karnataka should come forward with programmes to keep the Melukote temple clean. A service called 'Nirantara Shramakalyana Seve' will be started soon for this purpose. Students, youth and devotees interested for this service can contact: 9986323317 or 08236-299839.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17459108", "title": "Realty developers spy pot of gold even before road is laid", "text": "CHENNAI: Even as a battle rages between the residents of Sadanandapuram and the Tamil Nadu government over the proposed Tambaram Eastern Bypass Road, real estate developers have begun construction of apartments.The project, which has been in the pipeline close to 10 years but with the announcement of a floor space index of 2.5, is a jackpot for real estate developers. Floor space index is the ratio of the built up area to the size of the plot. An FSI of 2.5 means builders can go up to 12 floors high, depending on the size of the plot. Construction of high-end schools and apartment complexes are underway, in the hope that the bypass road becomes a reality. The going rate for plots in the area is around Rs 2,900 per sq ft.Tambaram, mooted as Chennai's satellite town, is set to expand as the proposed Tambaram Eastern Bypass Road has attracted several real estate developers. \"Real estate developers jump at any state proposal on building roads as most building development rules depend on the width of the road. We don't mind waiting for the project to take shape,\" said CEO and chairman of Akshaya Private Limited T Chitty Babu.The road will bypass Tambaram and be used by commuters from Velachery, Thiruvanmiyur and Perungalathur to join the NH45. The first fourkm stretch will be formed by widening the existing Camp Road. The second phase will be a completely new road.Though the road has not taken any shape on the ground, developers say it is worth investing in the area. \"Government projects rarely get dropped. Even if a project gets delayed, the property is bound to give returns,\" said Babu.He said that Tambaram will be the next Velachery in about five years, given the rate of development. \"Tambaram will become like Velachery that if public utilities like storm water drains, transport and electricity keep up with the demand,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17457131", "title": "Ludhiana company dupes youth from Garhwa", "text": "GARHWA: Some private companies are duping unemployed youths in the name of offering jobs. One such incident came to light when 39 out of 43 youths returned home from Ludhiana after being allegedly cheated by their employer.A total of 1,364 unemployed youths were offered jobs by various private companies of the country at a rozgar mela (jobs fair) organized by the district administration in Garhwa on November 24 under the aegis of labour employment and training directorate, Jharkhand.Rishabh Spinning Mills of Ludhiana had appointed 43 youths of Palamu and Garhwa districts in the rozgar mela as machine operator. They were promised a salary of Rs 5,400 per month along with free residential facility.The company had asked the appointed youths to report their joining till November 30. \"When we joined the company, the employer told us that we would be paid Rs 3,500 against the promised Rs 5,400. We were also said a sum of Rs 1,270 would be deducted from the salary for provident fund (PF) and food,\" said Anil Kumar , a youth who returned from Ludhiana.Of the 43 youths appointed by the company, 39 have returned to Garhwa. Expressing shock over the matter, all those who have returned home from Ludhiana said since the jobs fair was organised by the district administration, they had gone to Ludhiana after getting appointment letters from the company in question.\"Such an incident will create a negative picture among the unemployed youths about the rozgar mela\", said Paras Kushwaha, a youth. Garhwa DC R P Sinha said the matter is of serious concern. \"Action will be taken against the employers of such firms. A letter in this regard will be forwarded to the labour employment department seeking action,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457732", "title": "4 years on, work on key Santa Cruz-Chembur link road bridge starts", "text": "MUMBAI: Will Mumbai's wait for a 15-minute zip drive between the eastern and western express highways be over soon? A positive indication is that after nearly four years of delay and cost escalation, the crucial work to build one of the two bridges over Central Railway (CR) and Harbour line tracks near Kurla and LTT began on Sunday.The Santa Cruz-Chembur link road (SCLR) project has already been behind schedule by more than three years and its cost has escalated from Rs 120 crore to Rs 224 crore. \"Instead of the target of launching two girders we achieved the target of four on Sunday between 11am and 4.30pm for a second smaller bridge between Nehru Nagar and Tilak Nagar,\" said a engineer.\"To complete launching of all 10 girders and then start the bridge after asphalting will be finished till February 2013,\" he added. The project's cost has gone up due to introduction of steel bridge structures, since its commencement in 2005-06.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17458891", "title": "Wife killer arrested", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore district police have solved a 10-month-old murder case by arresting a man.Srinivas, 30, a resident of Maritikyathanahalli in Mysore taluk, was arrested from Bangalore recently following a tip-off. He has admitted to killing his wife Vishalakshi in January.SP R Dileep said Srinivas allegedly killed his wife suspecting her fidelity. On the pretext of taking Vishalakshi to his friend's house, Srinivas took her to Hallada Manuganahalli in HD Kote taluk and allegedly strangulated after forcing her to drink on January 23. Later, he left for Bangalore. He worked at a garage in Amruthahalli there.Crime motiveThe SP said in the last 11 months, the district recorded nearly 70 murder cases, of which 68 have been solved.Police are trying to trace the identity of the man who was recently murdered in Nanjangud. The SP said the body was found in a decomposed state.According to him, majority of murders has taken place due to extra-marital affairs and family issues.No to illegal activitiesDileep on Sunday appealed to people in the district to inform the police about any illegal activity in their place.\"It has come to our notice that some people are illegally organizing gaming on the pretext of recreational activities at secluded places in the district. Police will not tolerate any such unlawful activity -- we will initiate action against the organizers of such illegal activities,\" Dileep said.Police officers in the district have been directed to keep a watch on such activities in their jurisdictions. \"We also request public to help us in this regard,\" the SP stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17457070", "title": "Tamil Nadu records most no. of domestic violence cases", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu recorded the highest number of domestic violence cases in the country with 3,983 cases last year, women and child development minister Krishna Tirath informed the Lok Sabha on Friday.This amounts to more than one-third of the total number of cases recorded in India in 2011, she said citing the latest National Crime Records Bureau data. Overall, the country recorded 9,431 cases of domestic violence against women.Gujarat comes a close second with 3,266 cases while West Bengal ranks third with 1,661 cases of domestic violence against women.Tamil Nadu's crime records bureau listed a 15.4% increase in cruelty against women by husband and other relatives with over 1,812 cases recorded last year under this category.Officials and activists are divided over the reasons for such high figures. \"We have better awareness about the laws in Tamil Nadu,\" said one police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17458697", "title": "Creations of sikki grass draw visitors", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It's a display of wide array of innovative skills of craftsmen from across the country at the ongoing 4th Chandigarh National Crafts Mela at Kalagram. And it seems that the whole art, heritage and culture of India have converged under one roof.Among the many talented artists and craftsmen is an artist Meera Thakur who hails from Madhubani in Bihar. Her stall displays the beautiful \"sikki grass craftsmanship\" in various forms of handicrafts that are made from a special kind of grass known as sikki found in Bihar and Uttar Pradesh.Wild sikki grass, a virtual riverside weed found growing in the wet and marshy area of Madhubani district, has become a source of creativity for the Sikki womenfolk of Bihar. The art of making items from this grass is ancient and traditional where sikki is dried and the flower head is cut off resulting in fine golden fibre which is painted and used in weaving to make toys, jewellery and baskets (dolchi). Boxes made of sikki, known as \"pauti\", are given to daughters by parents on their wedding to hold sindoor, ornaments and jewellery.Talking about the origin of the traditional art, artist Meera Thakur said, \"My mother, Buchchi, had invented this art when I was just 7 years old. I have grown up seeing her make sikki handicrafts. Earlier these were made in the original grass colour but now we dye the grass in many colours to make the finished products look attractive. The best part is that the grass does not smell or fade with time \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it lasts a lifetime.\"Meera is also doing her bit for the society by passing on the art to other women in the region. \"I have been training under-privileged women in my region in sikki art. Learning the art is not easy and requires a lot of concentration and patience,\" she said.Meanwhile, the rural splendour is attracting hundreds of city residents to the crafts mela. Sector-22 resident Kunal Garg said, \"Seeing the idols from a distance one cannot imagine that these are made of grass. This is art in its purest form. I purchased a few pieces for my home.\"Ritika Verma, a resident of Sector 7, said, \"I could never imagine that grass could be used to beautify one's house or personality. I have purchased sikki bangles for myself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17456538", "title": "Now, Army to get own mini air force soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Having recently won a hard-fought turf war with the IAF to get heavy-duty \"attack\" helicopters of its own, the Army is now pressing the throttle to get its \"mini\" air force up and flying as soon as possible.Army chief General Bikram Singh has approved the creation of a permanent cadre for the Army Aviation Corps (AAC) by the end of this month, which will operate light observation and attack helicopters in the short-term and medium-lift choppers and even fixed-wing aircraft in the long-term, sources said.The US, China and Pakistan are among countries that have a dedicated aviation wing within their armies.Moreover, raising of \"aviation brigades\" for each of the 1.13-million strong Army's three \"strike\" and 10 \"pivot\" corps (each has around 75,000 soldiers) has already commenced, with one already in place at the 14 Corps deployed in Ladakh.At present, the AAC operates around 250 light helicopters like Druv, Cheetah and Chetak, while attack and medium-lift choppers were always the IAF's preserve. The Army now wants one attack helicopter squadron (10-12 choppers) for its three \"strike\" formations - 1 Corps (Mathura), 2 Corps (Ambala) and 21 Corps ( Bhopal ) -- in keeping with their primary offensive role. Moreover, it has plans to induct another 114 'Rudra' light combat helicopters for the 10 'pivot' corps.The force's long-term plans include a squadron each of attack/armed, reconnaissance/observation and tactical battle-support helicopters for all the 13 corps. In addition, the force wants each of its six regional or operational commands to get \"a flight\" of five fixed-wing aircraft for tactical airlift of troops and equipment.At present, the AAC has a temporary cadre of around 10,000 personnel, half of them being technicians. The other 5,000 come on deputation of two to three years from the infantry, artillery, air defence, mechanized infantry and the like. \"These 5,000 will now be given the option to opt permanently for AAC,\" said a source.Direct recruitment of junior commissioned officers (JCOs) and other ranks for the AAC, in turn, will begin from April 2015. As for officers, Gen Singh has directed the military secretary to \"substantially increase\" the officers being commissioned into AAC from the Indian Military Academy (Dehradun) and the Officers Training Academies (Chennai and Gaya).\"The overall plan is to enhance the complete capability of AAC, from manpower and training to equipment and infrastructure,\" said the source.All this comes within two months of defence minister AK Antony ruling that \"future\" procurements and inductions of attack helicopters -- armed with guided missiles, cannons and rockets to target enemy infantry and tanks on the ground -- will be for the Army.IAF is worried that it will lead to sheer duplication of efforts and waste of scarce resources. The Army, however, is all gung-ho about getting its own \"tactical\" mini air force, implying IAF can continue with its \"strategic\" air role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17456923", "title": "Depressed businessmanshoots self in Aliganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: A depressed man shot himself in his Aliganj house on Sunday evening. The deceased, Rajkumar Singh, 60, was into cable television business and was depressed due to prolonged illness. According to police, Rajkumar, who was suffering from kidney problems for past few years, shot himself with his licensed revolver at around 7pm on Sunday. Rajkumar used to stay with his family at Chandganj residential apartment. The family rushed him to the Trauma Centre where doctors pronounced him brought dead. In another incident, unidentified body of a woman in mid 20s was found in Gosainganj on Sunday morning. The body was spotted by a railway keyman near Anoopganj Bakhas railway station. Police did not rule out foul play as cuts were found on the victim's body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17457963", "title": "Robber escapes from police station", "text": "PUNE: A murder suspect, who was caught by a citizen after he robbed a woman of Rs 50,000 at Lullanagar on Friday afternoon, managed to escape from the police just six hours later.Imran Iqbal Khan (34) from Kamrajnagar in Yerawada, who was a suspect in the murder of a security guard at Loni Kalbhor, was released on bail from the Yerawada central prison around 15 days ago.Around 1.30 pm on Friday, Khan had robbed Sunita Kamble (34), who runs a milk supplying business in Kondhwa, of Rs 50,000. Khan had pushed Kamble and snatched her bag containing the cash after she fell. When she tried to retaliate and raise an alarm, he threatened her with a sickle.A passerby heard the victim's alarm and overpowered Khan. The Kondhwa police had then arrested Khan and seized the money and the sickle from him.Senior inspector Prasad Hasabnis said that around 7.30 pm on Friday, Khan was taken to the washroom on the premises of the police station. Constable Bashir Hussain Sayyad was with him.\"While returning from the washroom, the constable stopped to talk with a person who wanted to lodge a complaint,\" Hasabnis said. Taking advantage of this, Khan fled.Hasabnis said that departmental action would be taken against the constable for his negligence. Police have deployed four teams to trace Khan, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17458518", "title": "Bhabanishankar temple crumbles under building housing Sanskrit toll", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Imagine a building atop a temple! A drive down to the Bhabanishankar temple in Old Town area of the city reveals the sorry sight of the ancient temple crumbling beneath a building housing a Sanskrit toll. Other remnants of the structure are suffering from plant overgrowth and inadequate maintenance. Though the temple is a protected monument under the aegis of the state archaeology wing, it betrays utter neglect and a devil-may-may-attitude towards heritage.\"It is definitely an important monument and needs to be conserved at the earliest,\" said noted archaeologist B K Rath. When Rath was the superintendent of the state archaeology department, he had written to the school and mass education department seeking removal of at least a portion of the building. \"But nothing has happened,\" he regretted.Though the temple city of Bhubaneswar has a significant number of Shiva shrines, Bhabanishankar is possibly one of the two Shiva temples that are north-facing. \"The other north-facing Shiva temple here is Ekamreswar. In that sense, Bhabanishankar is significant. It also has intricate carvings and inscriptions,\" noted Rath.A portion of the laterite shrine, located between the famous Lingaraj temple and the Bindu Sagar tank, came to light a couple of decades ago while a drain was being dug. The half-exposed structure stands 10 feet below the present ground level. \"A part of the temple complex has been protected, but the ruins that were discovered in the early 1990s are yet to be taken up for restoration,\" an insider at the state archaeology wing said.Superintendent of state archaeology department B P Ray admitted the temple complex needs urgent attention. \"We are aware of its conservation needs and plan to take up work soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17457143", "title": "Maoist directive to youth: Support us or face music", "text": "RANCHI: Maoists in Jharkhand have urged youth not to support police and join their ranks. Through posters put up in two districts, Ranchi and Khunti, during Martyrs' Week, they warned youth to either support them or else incur their wrath. During the weeklong observation, also called People's Liberation Guerrilla Army Week, the Reds have solicited youth's support in the state to make the organization stronger. The week is observed every year in memory of those Maoists who lost their lives in their struggle against the government.During the week, the Maoists used every possible tactic, including arson, to instil a sense of fear among villagers. Martyrs' Week was observed from November 24 - December 2. On the second day, the Reds put up posters in Maoist-affected Khunti district warning youth not to lend support to police. \"The posters bore the Reds' warning to the special police officers to quit their job, failing which they would be killed,\" said Khunti SP Amarnath Mishra. Police had seized over 50 such posters from Khunti Murhu road. The posters bore the names of youth who once worked for Maoists but who they now suspect to be working as informers for the cops.On Saturday, police recovered posters from rural areas of Ranchi - Bundu and Namkum, which asked the youth to help Maoists in strengthening their organization. \"The posters carried the appeal from the Reds to follow their lines and to support their ideology,\" said Ranchi SP rural A V Minz.However, the efforts of the Maoists have failed to provide them with the desired result.Except a strike in Dumka, in which they set ablaze 12 vehicles of a road construction company on Friday, the rebels failed to execute any major attack. Police sources said the rebels failed this time because security forces were on high alert at every place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17461127", "title": "Rana Daggubati not influenced by critics", "text": "Rana Daggubati, Nayanthara starrer 'Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum' released worldwide on Friday and the the Rana semms to have pinned all hopes on his action-thriller as he hasn't had a successful film in a while.Rana Daggubati, known for movies such as ' Leader ' and ' Dum Maaro Dum ', says although he welcomes what film critics write, he never gets influenced by them. \"Critics represent one body of people and I always respect and welcome their criticism. I don't keep track of every critics' point of view. I do take the effort to follow select critics, but never get influenced by their views,\" says Rana.Rana Daggubati did not take the help of a body-double and did his own stunts in the upcoming Tamil-Telugu bilingual film ' Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum '. The fight scenes in ' KVJ ' have been choreographed by Fefsi Vijayan and it is one of the highlights of the film.The 27-year old actor believes that it doesn't matter how many critics are present because at the end of day, it is a matter of personal choice. Interestingly Nayanthara has who plays a documentary filmmaker has dubbed for her role in Telugu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17459087", "title": "By Jove! Watch that bright object near Moon", "text": "KOLKATA: In the past few evenings, have you spotted a very bright object close to the Moon? That is Jupiter, the biggest planet in our solar system! In its 12-year journey around the Sun, the Earth and Jupiter come close every 13 months. Jupiter came nearest to the Earth at 8.30 pm on Saturday when it was 605 million km from the Earth. That is the closest it will be till August 20, 2021.Jupiter's proximity to Earth will lead to another celestial event. Jupiter will come in 'opposition' with Earth at 7.30 pm on Monday. Opposition occurs when the Earth is exactly between the Sun and another planet. Since Jupiter will be exactly opposite the Sun with respect to Earth, it will arrive on the eastern horizon just after sunset and will stay through the night.\"Jupiter is so close that even with a small telescope one will be able to see most of the surface features of the planet. With a larger telescope of 10 inch or more, one can not only spot the four moons of Jupiter but also their shadows on its surface as they pass over the planet,\" said MP Birla Planetarium director (research and academic) Debiprasad Duari.Jupiter will be at its next opposition on January 6, 2014. But at the time, it will not be as close as this year. At the exact point of opposition, Jupiter will be 609 million km from Earth. \"Jupiter will remain bright and close through December and January. But Monday evening's show will be the best available for some time to come,\" Duari added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17459152", "title": "'Homecoming' for General Bikram Singh", "text": "KOLKATA: Army chief General Bikram Singh, during in his maiden trip to the Command headquarters in the city after taking over as the head of the Army, stressed on the need to enhance operational effectiveness. He had arrived in Kolkata on Friday and left on Sunday after a series of meetings with senior officers.\"It is virtually a homecoming. Having commanded the Eastern Command for over two years, this is one formation that is very close to my heart,\" Gen Singh said after being welcomed by Lt Gen Dalbir Singh, General Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Eastern Command. The CoAS, over the last few months, visited the three Corps HQs under Eastern Command based at Sukhna, Dimapur and Tezpur.Lt Gen Singh briefed the Army chief on the operational preparedness and the security scenario in the eastern region. Gen Singh also interacted with other officials and formation commanders. \"He shared his vision to enhance operational effectiveness of the Army to ensure it remains a potent, responsive, accountable and relevant instrument of power. He dwelt on some of the thrust areas that include effective fulfilment of the Constitutional obligations and assigned roles, including force modernisation as per stipulated time lines,\" an officer said.The general also emphasised the need to strengthen the work culture that hinges on professional ethos, upholding the core values of integrity, loyalty, duty, respect, selfless service, courage and honour. He also stressed on effective human resource management to ensure highest standards of motivation and morale. e also stressed on the need to enhance security consciousness and strengthen the secular fabric and apolitical stature of the Army.An important issue that the CoAS spoke on was the need to enhance 'jointness' with other services and strengthen inter agency relationships. The general also focussed on the need to ensure the welfare of veterans, 'veer naris' and widows'. \"In my reckoning, unless these people are happy, the army cannot be strong and happy. We cannot afford to ignore our veterans and veer naris,\" he said, elaborating various measures initiated to address their aspirations and needs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17457349", "title": "Rajasthan prepares Rs60 cr action plan for GIB conservation", "text": "JAIPUR: Anticipating the critical situation and high probability of extinction of the Great Indian Bustard (GIB), the state forest department is ready with an action plan to revive the population of the bird.The final GIB conservation plan is estimated at Rs 60 crore to be spent over a span of 10 years, with a primary focus on increasing the bird population at the Desert National Park in Jaisalmer.\"For the protection and conservation of GIB, the aim is to go beyond the protected areas and forests for management interventions. While the project will be largely funded by Government of India, Rs 3 crore would be contributed by Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA),\" said A C Chaubey, chief wildlife warden.Emphasis has been laid on involvement of all stake holders while formulating the plan for the conservation of the bird. \"For the conservation of the critically endangered species, landscape and eco-system management approach has been adhered to, so that the habitats within and outside the protected areas are also secured for the long term survival of the species,\" said Chaubey.The plan also supports ecotourism which will go in a long way to ensure sustainable conservation of the bio-diversity. Also local will be involved in the project to provide them ways of alternate livelihood.The activities being proposed are creation of ecotourism camp sites and village culture camps around villages or at appropriate locations in the area. This will be ensured by creation of appropriate infrastructure and upgrading the existing infrastructure and training the eco-development committee (EDC) members and self help groups (SHGs) to manage these sites.Villagers' will also be trained about the floral and faunal biodiversity of the area so that they can act as eco guides. Add to that there will be nature camp sites, camel safaris and nature trails and eco-education centres.\"Introduction of ecotourism in and around the Desert National Park area will be an important activity to improve livelihood conditions of local people and will be an appropriate strategy for conservation of flora and fauna of the desert. Therefore, a sum of Rs 1 crore has been kept for this activity, said Chaubey.The Desert National Park is one of the most important sites for the long-term survival of the globally threatened GIB. In the 1980s, the GIB population in the area was between 200 and 400 which has now come down to 100.The Union ministry of environment and forests has constituted a task force with a mandate to look into the issue of conservation of bustards in India and to prepare an action plan for the same.At present there is only one GIB in Captivity and around 250 birds in wild. Rajasthan population is estimated around 100.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17457047", "title": "Chennai film festival gets bigger, better", "text": "CHENNAI: Here is good news for film-lovers as more than 160 films from 57 countries are coming to the city as part of the 10th Chennai International Film Festival which is scheduled to be held from December 13 to 20.The festival, organised by Indo Cine Appreciation Foundation with the support of the state government, will have the best of world cinema made in the past 12 months. Films like Amour (Michael Haneka), Pieta (Kim-Ki-Duk) and Le Grand Soir (Gustave de Kervern) will be screened. A retrospective of veteran French director Claude Chabrol and a two-film tribute to Greek filmmaker Michael Cacoyannis is being organised.Woodlands, Sathyam, Casino, and Rani Seethai Hall will be the main theatre for the screenings. \"The government has sanctioned Rs 50 lakh for this year's festival. It's very promising compared to the Rs 25 lakh in 2011,\" said Thangaraj. Director Suhasini Maniratnam announced that Amitabh Bachchan will participate in the closing ceremony. Registrations begin on December 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17460834", "title": "Trai to tackle arbitrary disconnection of sims", "text": "NEW DELHI: Telecom regulator Trai has initiated debate on the issue of operators arbitrarily disconnecting services of customers on the grounds of 'non-usage of numbers' or 'inactive sim connections'.According to information provided by telecom operators to the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India, around 20 crore sim cards were inactive for over a certain period of time and the total balance on that account stood at Rs 128.9 crore.Trai has said that telecom subscribers at various forums have represented that their mobile connections were being disconnected arbitrarily by telecom operators.\"Deactivation of a sim without prior intimation and on arbitrary grounds deprives the subscriber of his mobile number which might have been an identity for him for a long time,\" said Trai's consultation paper on the issue.As a result, consumers suffer from a potential loss of activity in both personal and professional set-ups causing an adverse impact on livelihood.\"While some consumers complained against the practice of deactivation of sims without prior intimation to them by their TSPs (Telecom Service Providers) when they were travelling in India or abroad, other subscribers lamented about disconnection of their life-time prepaid connections within a very short period of non-usage,\" Trai said.Telecom operators in their meetings with Trai have said that they have to deactivate sim cards to efficiently manage number series (mobile phone numbers) allocated to them by the Department of Telecom.Trai said it has found that telecom operators do not follow common criteria to disconnect inactive SIMs but added that \"to manage their numbering resources better, the service providers have proposed to follow a procedure for deactivating mobile connections which are not used for a long time\".In July 2011, DoT started allocating number series to telecom operators on the basis of active users on their network.\"However, while carrying out such deactivations, the customers should be informed transparently and those customers who wish to retain their connections even while not using them should have the option to do so on payment of a connection retention fee,\" it added.Trai cited that its order on tariff plan with lifetime or unlimited validity \"requires any subscriber to recharge\" his mobile phone account \"with any specified minimum amount within specified time periods\" during validity of the plan.\"...to keep the said tariff plan valid, such specified time period or interval, shall, in no case, be less than six months,\" the regulator said.Trai has fixed December 21 as last date for comments on this consultation paper, and December 28 as last date for counter comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17458511", "title": "Madurai farmers get fertilizer bonanza", "text": "MADURAI: Union fertilisers and chemicals minister, M K Alagiri has said that the pilot project on distributing subsides on fertilisers, to farmers directly will be carried out in Madurai district on a pilot basis. He said that he had already suggested this proposal to his ministry officials.Addressing media persons here on Sunday, he said that 51 districts in the country have been selected for the pilot study of this direct distribution. He had asked his ministry officials to implement the pilot project in Madurai as well, though it was not clear which were the districts in Tamil Nadu that were chosen for the pilot project. \"The project will be tested on a pilot basis and all the problems arising in implementation will be communicated to the ministry through text message. Once the issues are resolved, the scheme will be implemented to benefit all the farmers in the country,\" Alagiri said.Flaying the state government for its inefficiency in handling dengue in Madurai district, he said that he had spoken on the issue many times earlier, but to no avail. When the DMK decided to stage a demonstration in Melur to seek the government's attention on dengue control, state health minister sensed it earlier and paid a visit participating in awareness drives. But he did not take any solid measures in controlling the disease, he charged.Alagiri also criticised that the state government's refusal in cooperating with the Centre in sanctioning the petroleum chemicals and petro-chemicals investment region in Cuddalore, which could have created nearly seven lakh job opportunities in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17459009", "title": "New Curriculum", "text": "With fresh industry demands and new age career options, a holistic academic approach is imperative to create futureready professionals. Education Times reports.With the world changing radically , classroom learning is also undergoing significant transformation. Gone are the days when a rigid disciplinary approach was the focus. Instead, education today is all about a wide range of choice, which has also consequently brought about a change in traditional career perceptions.As Sachin Pilot , minister of state, ministry of corporate affairs, pointed out, \"Earlier, students could only think of a few career options, which included doctors, engineers or lawyers.\" However, today, he added, the scenario has changed. Students are opting for offbeat careers and making the most of every opportunity. To cater to these needs, institutions and schools need to provide more study options and equip themselves to teach students from all walks of life.Pilot was talking at a conclave organised by The Times of India. Titled, Handshake '12, the conclave, held in the Capital on November 27, aimed to discuss and deliberate upon issues related to changing trends in HR and the world of education. An interactive dialogue between academia and industry on issues of improving employability , the event saw the participation of academics, industry leaders and various other stakeholders.Understanding the Indian higher education landscape, transforming higher education in India, role of placement teams, using holistic education to create future-ready professionals and what could be the starting point of innovation were some of the issues that were explored during the day-long conference.Referring to the times, Arun Mohan Sherry, director, Institute of Management Technology Centre for Distance Learning (IMT CDL), Ghaziabad, said that a management institute nowadays is not expected to focus only on the basics of management, but also on new and different ways of communication . He added, \"It is not only important that students learn to manage a team in a management institute, but also, considering the times we are living in, students should be prepared and taught in such a way that they manage teams across countries.\"Several speakers at the conclave emphasised that academic institutions , corporates and professionals should work in tandem. In fact, they reiterated that academic institutions will have to deliver education that creates industry-ready professionals. On the other hand, industry needs to keep institutions informed of the skills it is looking for in potential employees. Finally , students, when they become part of the workforce, need to tell their alma mater what needs to be included in the curriculum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "doha", "code": "17457499", "title": "Doha round unlikely to raise emission cuts target", "text": "DOHA: A week after they began and before the ministers of more than 190 countries arrive in the Qatari capital on Monday, the UN climate negotiations are set to lock the countries into a low ambition deal with little to offer on emission cuts or money for the next eight years. Worse, the chess board of negotiations has been set to also create a low-ambition global compact for the post-2020 world.The Doha round of climate talks had begun with expectation on three fronts. That the world would commit to higher level of emissions reduction between now and 2020 and that the developed world would start upscaling and delivering funds to the poor world to ensure it reaches the targeted $100 billion by 2020. The third expectation was that the discussions on the new pact, which is to be negotiated by 2015, would take the shape of a strong architecture which forces countries to take hard decisions. The last was predicated on Kyoto Protocol thriving well beyond 2013.But even midway in the week, it became clear that the US, EU and other developed economies had come to Doha with nothing to offer. Both the US and EU point-blank refused to increase their emission targets any further. The US gave no reason but was rather blunt that its voluntary target of 17% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions below 2005 levels (which translates in to 0-4% reduction by the standard 1990 benchmark) was all the world would see for the next eight years.Then EU, which has always poised itself as the greenest of the lot, and built alliances with small island countries and least developed states, also announced it would not budge from its 20% reduction limit under the Kyoto Protocol, even though its already achieved 18% of it. As a result, it offered to reduce a further 2% under the global regime by 2020 when its been reducing emissions at the rate of 2.5% ever year on average, much to the chagrin of its own allies with whom it had sold its high ambition image till recently.The well marketed Australian offer to join the Kyoto Protocol starting 2013 was a dampener as it offered the 5% target it was supposed to be offering almost two decades ago.The developing world now naturally sees no reason to do more when those with the greatest and primary responsibility have abdicated. The rich countries over the week have also made clear that they are not willing to have a timeline and targets over the next eight years to achieve the $100 billion dollar fund for poor countries to adapt and reduce their emissions.If that isn't gloomy enough, EU has made sure that the Kyoto Protocol \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the only legally binding regime to reduce emissions \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will now become a pledge-and-review regime where each country puts the targets it wants and does not really bother if it adds up to the level of action required by science. The ratification of Kyoto Protocol beyond 2013 - which would have given it legal force \u00e2\u20ac\u201d remains a distant dream.The next week promises to be more acrimonious but the chances of a crash remain minimal with the 190 plus countries already running on the path to standstill. What could cause bigger clashes are the attempt to throw out of the talks unresolved issues of developing world's concerns such as equity, IPR and unilateral measures. That is an attempt to rewrite the terms of engagement for the next three years when the world figures out the new global compact that is to be implemented from 2020 onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17461414", "title": "Amitabh to attend Chennai film fest", "text": "Stage is set for the 10th Chennai International Film Festival (CIFF), where 160 films from 57 countries across the world will be screened in the city at Woodlands, Inox , Satyam cinemas, Casino and Rani Seethai hall in Chennai. Amitabh Bachchan is to be present for the valedictory ceremony of the film festival.The film festival, organised every year by Indo Cine Appreciation Foundation, will begin on December 13, and will go on till December 30. The list of Tamil films chosen for screening include, Aravaan, Aarohanam, Attakathi, Marina, Mounaguru, MUK, Naan Ee, Neerparavai, Pizza, Sattai, Sundarapandian and Vazhakku E 18/9 .There will be several sections including the World cinema section, and a tribute to 100 years of Indian cinema. Delegates from abroad are expected to attend. The Government of TN is giving financial support to the festival as well. It is said that the government has sanctioned Rs 50 lakh for this year's festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17459681", "title": "Cop\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s daughter weds jailed dacoit", "text": "JAIPUR: In a love story straight out of a Bollywood potboiler, the daughter of a policeman tied the knot with an incarcerated dacoit in Dholpur's Rajakhera area.The \"story\" begins with the policeman's daughter being harassed by a notorious dacoit in the Chambal ravines of Dholpur. The cop's frightened family members approach another dacoit Shiv Dutt, requesting him to intervene. As luck would have it, the dacoits turned out to be Shiv Dutt's friends, leading to an immediate stop to the girl's harassment. Later, in yet another ironic twist, the dacoit and the policeman's daughter fall in love. This could easily pass for the script of a '70s Hindi film, except it actually happened last month.The couple got married amid tight security on November 24 with a team of two dozen policemen standing guard. Dutt was escorted back to jail after the wedding rites.ASI, Dihauli police station, Rajveer Singh said the dacoit's father-in-law Roop Singh is a head-constable with Rajasthan Armed Constabulary's battalion deputed in Delhi.Dutt, who is a resident of Dholpur district and is currently lodged in Bharatpur's Sevar jail, carried a cash reward of Rs 14,000 from Rajasthan and UP police on his head before he was arrested from Tughlakabad area by Delhi police in 2009. Dutt has over 15 cases of murder, kidnap for ransom, rape, extortion and attempt to murder registered against him in various police stations in Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh. Before being nabbed in Delhi, he had been convicted for 10 years imprisonment in a rape case. However, he had jumped parole and disappeared.Shriman Lal Meena, circle officer of Manali in Dholpur, told TOI, \"We had received a court order through the Sevar jail administration that security was to be provided during the wedding of an inmate in Rajkhera.\" Elaborate security for dacoit's weddingShriman Lal Meena, circle officer of Manali in Dholpur, told TOI, \"We had received a court order through the Sevar jail administration that security was to be provided during the wedding of an inmate in Rajkhera.When we came to know that the inmate was a notorious dacoit, we were concerned that he might escape. Therefore, elaborate security were put in place besides arrangements by the jail authorities.\"\"The story that came up was quite interesting. The girl developed a relationship with Dutt after he rescued her from a gang of dacoits active in Chambal. The girl's father and brother were unsure about allowing the wedding. However, the girl refused to budge from her decision,\" said an officer deputed on security duty. He added that the dacoit used mobile phones in Sevar jail to call the girl before the wedding.Police officials said dacoits are part of normal life for people living in Chambal area covering areas of Rajasthan , Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh. \"Though people fear dacoits in Dholpur, they accept them as part of society. In most cases, the dacoits are even respected for their acts of 'bravery and fearlessness' ,\" said another police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17458453", "title": "You can 'sniff' out true love", "text": "LONDON: Our nose is central to the way we form relationships and a good sense of smell is vital for a long-term commitment, according to new research on sensory systems. The simple answer to the question of whether any relationship is \"the one\" seems to be that your ideal man or woman gets up your nose, scientists say.In a new study, reported in the journal Biological Psychology, researchers looked for the first time at the effect of being born without a sense on smell on men and women's relationships, The Independent reported.The research involved analysing data on men and women aged 18 to 46 with no sense of smell and comparing it with information from a healthy control group.The results showed that men and women who were unable to smell had higher levels of social insecurity. In men, but not in women, it led to fewer relationships.The men with a faulty sense of smell averaged two partners compared with 10 for healthy men. One theory is that the lack of a sense of smell may make men less adventurous. They may have more problems assessing and communicating with other people.The two groups of women had the same average number of sexual partners - four. But the women who couldn't smell well lacked confidence in their partners: they were around 20% less secure in their relationship. Lacking a sense of smell had no impact on their relationships with close friends, suggesting that smell plays a role for women specifically when it comes to their partners.Research is increasingly showing that olfaction has an important role in many areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17458749", "title": "IT quiz on Dec 5 for students", "text": "HUBLI: The Sanskaar English medium school here is organizing the 2nd edition of the KHOJ- international IT quiz and website designing competition on December 5 in the school.The IT quiz is for class V, V1 and V11 standard students. It will be based on astronomy, great inventions, science, computer science and information technology. One team consisting of three members can participate in the quiz.The website designing is for V111, 1X, and X standard students. One team of two members can participate to design by using any software. Maximum six web pages are allowed and three minutes will be given for presentation. The website designing competition is the first of its kind at high school level in Hubli-Dharwad.The last date to register names for the competition is December 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17458829", "title": "Kanpur gets 5 health posts, Rs 33cr for medical revamp", "text": "KANPUR: Uttar Pradesh health and family welfare minister Ahmed Hasan inaugurated five new urban health posts in the city here on Sunday. The minister also sanctioned a sum of Rs 33 crore rupees to the industrial city for the upgradation of medical facilities during his visit.The new urban health posts were inaugurated under the expansion of National Rural Health Mission. The industrial city is set to get 10 new health posts under the programme. The inauguration of five of these posts was conducted at a ceremony held at Merchant Chamber Hall in the presence of senior health department officials and prominent SP leaders from the city.The newly inaugurated health posts will run at Jageshwar Hospital (Govind Nagar), Chacha Nehru Hospital (Cooperganj) and at private buildings in Jajmau, Naubasta and Machariya. The health posts will conduct vaccinations and basic healthcare treatments apart from providing facilities under Matra Evam Shishu Kalyan Yojana.The new urban health posts will also run an OPD in all working days. The staff of one doctor, one nurse and one ANM has been sanctioned for these health posts at the initial level.After inaugurating the health posts, the minister also declared a special fund of 33 crore rupees for the upgradation of medical facilities at various CHCs, PHCs and district hospitals of the city.As per his proposed action plan, Rs 20 crore will be spent on AHM-Dufferin hospital for accommodating 100 more beds in the maternity wing. The minister has sanctioned three crore rupees each to CHCs at Bidhnoo, Sarsaul and Rasoolabad where the sum will be spent for the expansion of maternity wing.From the Rs 33 crore fund, the Ursala Horseman Memorial Hospital (UHM) has got one crore rupees for the upgradation of its operation theaters and wards. The Kamlapat Memorial (KPM) hospital has also got a sum of rupees 1.5 crore for installation of a separate electric feeder. The minister has announced 50 lakh rupees for the construction of a special drug warehouse in the city. Besides, 31 lakh rupees have been given for installment of generators at all the 10 main CHCs of the district. A 320 KVA generator installation at UHM has also been proposed for which a sum of 28.6 lakh rupees has been sanctioned.The minister has also given Rs 20 lakh for block level family welfare training center while a sum of 10 lakh rupees each has been sanctioned for ANM center and block level drug house upgradation.Ina addition, Rs 3.1 lakh rupees for a generator at cold chain, two ambulances for UHM and AHM-Dufferin hospital have been sanctioned as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17458846", "title": "Shettar: water situation in state is grim", "text": "MANGALORE: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar said the state is facing water crisis and it is not possible to release water to Tamil Nadu.\"The facts will be placed before the Supreme Court,'' the chief minister said.Speaking to reporters here before leaving to take part in the annual sports meet of Sri Rama Vidya Kendra at Kalladka, Shettar said all that one can do is to wait, to a query on what the court may decide.Regarding the impact on the Bharatiya Janata Party after former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's exit, chief minister Shettar said, \"BJP is a party which has a strong foundation and grassroots level workers. We have given good administration and we will complete term. We will come to power again.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17461516", "title": "Uddhav Thackeray given full powers to manage Shiv Sena", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena on Monday announced that all powers of party president would now vest with executive president Uddhav Thackeray.An announcement in party mouthpiece Saamna said the decision had been taken at a meeting of top party leaders at the Thackeray residence Matoshri.\"All the powers of Shiv Sena Pramukh (chief) shall be with executive president Uddhav Thackeray. This has been decided in a meeting of Shiv Sena leaders,\" the statement said, in a development that was anticipated.Uddhav, 52, has been the party's executive president since 2004. He will now be de facto party president. His father Bal Thackeray had founded the party and led it for over four decades till his death on Nov 17.After Bal Thackeray's demise, a photograph with a sandalwood garland has been placed on the chair he regularly used.\"The party's first meeting was held in 'Thackeray Durbar' (the room where the garlanded photograph of the late Shiv Sena chief has been placed) where all the leaders unanimously expressed confidence in Uddhav and decided to authorise him (Uddhav Thackeray) to fulfil the late Bal Thackeray's dreams,\" the statement said.Thackeray was accorded a public, state funeral on Nov 18 at Shivaji Park, with nearly two million people taking part in the funeral procession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17456959", "title": "Bajpayi gets second term as state BJP chief", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh Bharatiya Janata Party president Laxmikant Bajpayi was reelected unopposed in the organisational elections on Sunday. Senior BJP leader and Rajya Sabha member Kaptaan Singh Solanki, who was appointed returning officer, announced that Bajpayi was elected unopposed. Interestingly, Bajpayi's election as party chief was decided on Saturday since he was the only candidate to file the nomination papers and was declared state BJP chief by Solanki on Sunday. Bajpayi, an MLA from Meerut, had been appointed state party chief after his predecessor Surya Pratap Shahi stepped down following crushing defeat of the party in the previous assembly elections. He held the post of officiating state chief since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17459112", "title": "Eight years after proposal, work begins on Tambaram bypass", "text": "CHENNAI: Eight years after the state highways department proposed the Tambaram Eastern Bypass Road made in 2004, the government's machinery has finally got creaking on the project. Residents along the 9-km-long road opposed the project from the beginning and are in no mood to relent even now, but revenue officials are confident that they can persuade them to part with their land at the rate the government has offered. Highways department engineers have estimated the cost for Phase 1 of the project. This phase will consist of widening the existing Camp Road.Phase 2 will involve the construction of a new road, and will require the department to acquire much more land than for Phase 1.\"In Phase 1, Camp Road will be widened to 50 metres and will have six lanes with a 1.2 metre centre median,\" a highways official said. The cost of laying the road and constructing the median, culverts and other amenities alongside the 4 km stretch has been pegged at Rs 25 crore. \"The tender will be floated by the second week of December,\" a highways official said.The bypass will run through several farming hamlets and agricultural fields. It will start at Velachery Main Road in a hamlet called Rajakilpakkam and end at Peekankaranai on NH-45 .It will reduce congestion in Tambaram by diverting motorists who are heading for national highways from areas like Velachery, Thiruvanmiyur and Adyar. The road will allow motorists to bypass Tambaram and Perangaluthur directly, said an engineer.The road will pass through Madambakkam , Mappedu, Agaramthen , Thiruvanchery and Nedukundram villages. The state will have to acquire around 60,000sqm from residents of these villages for Phase 2, said an officer from the revenue department, who is in charge of land acquisition. \"We have notified the government about land that will have to be acquired in Nedukundram and Puthur,\" he said, adding that the department expects a government order on the acquisition soon. Work on Phase 1 is likely to take six months.Residents, however, said they will not part with their land easily. A group of residents met the Kancheepuram collector, asking that the current alignment be modified\"The current alignment does not make any sense,\" said S Ilamparithi of Sadanandapuram. \"What is the point in traffic being diverted to a place as congested as Tambaram ? It makes more sense for the road to lead to Vandalur.\"However, highways officials say modifications will be impossible. \"The plan was envisaged in CMDA's second master plan and took into account of several traffic studies,\" an official said. The Kancheepuram collector, highways officials and representatives of villages will meet to thrash out differences on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17456631", "title": "Lobo: Park in place of Calangute waste dump", "text": "Calangute: Calangute MLA Michael Lobo has proposed the construction of a garden-cum-park on Calangute beach in front of the Calangute Residency on a 10,000 sq m plot belonging to the GTDC.The plot is currently being used as a garbage dumping site and as an open air urinal right at the entrance of the beach. The park could also be used as a venue for sand sculptures, he said. Work on the beautification of the Calangute promenade is currently on in full-swing.\"When tourists come to Goa they want a garbage-free Goa. We have lost out on quality tourists for which the garbage problem is basically responsible. Up-market foreign tourists have stopped coming to Goa because of the garbage dumps like this,\" he said.Lamenting that nothing is being done to improve the infrastructure for tourists in Calangute, Lobo said the tourism department has a number of properties in Calangute and other areas in the coastal belt which should be used to create more facilities. \"The tourism department doesn't have a single information centre to help tourist,\" he said.There should be information centres or kiosks with data in different languages like German, Russian, Finnish, Norwegian, etc, in Calangute so that the tourists comelearn about Goa and its unique villages, beautiful beaches, backwaters,\" he said.\"The current infrastructure was created 30 years ago. They should first consider these small things like changing rooms, toilets, information kiosks, and parking lots, instead of talking about all these big things like helicopter rides, cable cars, viewing towers, etc,\" he said, pointing out that even the three high-mast lamps in his constituency have not been functional for years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17458887", "title": "Carols keep up Christmas spirit", "text": "MYSORE: Heralding the beginning of the Christmas season, carolers in the city recounted the story of the birth of Jesus Christ through carols, staged nativity play and re-enacted scenes from biblical stories.Students from various high schools, colleges and representatives of religious institutions and Parishes took part in the day-long carol singing competition organized by the Catholic Association of Mysore on Sunday.\"We are proud to be part of the celebrations. We are blessed to tell people the joyous news of the birth of Jesus,\" Sister Luciana of St Teresa Church told TOI.Fr Joji of Mont Fort seminary said it's an occasion to convey the message of Christmas.A group of 40 students attached to the seminary performed on the occasion.Nelson Cardozo from Mumbai, who is studying in Mysore, too was elated to be part of a music troupe which performed on the special occasion. This is for the second time he has been representing Pushpashrama, a religious institution, in the carol competition.Over six dozen groups of carolers, some of them clad in uniforms and colourful costumes, sang in various languages.Association president Alexander Vincent said this is the 8th diocesan-level carol singing competition being organized this year in a row.\"Our aim is to make understand the people about what is Christmas. We generally organize competition for students above high school-level and this year, about 76 different groups, including professionals, have participated. Each group should have minimum eight carol singers. The competition will be held in Kannada, English, Malayalam, Konkani and Tamil,\" Vincent said.Diocesan of Mysore Vicar General N S Marie Joseph inaugurated the event. MCC commissioner M R Ravi was the chief guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "barrackpore", "code": "17459089", "title": "Passengers go berserk at Jagaddal station", "text": "BARRACKPORE: Irate passengers went on a rampage at Jagaddal railway station on Sealdah-Ranaghat section of Eastern Railway and beat up a railway employee on Sunday afternoon following a wrong announcement of a local train's arrival.A large contingent of railway police rushed to the spot to bring the situation under control. No one has been arrested so far. Manab Roy (48), the railway employee who was injured after being beaten up by the mob, was taken to Bhatpara State General Hospital.Police said the incident took place around 3pm after the rail officials at the station announced that down Shantipur-Sealdah local would stop at platform number 4. The passengers rushed to the platform to catch the train. But the train did not stop at the station and some passengers reportedly got injured while trying to board the speeding train. after they tried to catch the speeding train.\"The irate passengers then went on a rampage at the ticket counter. Theystormed into the ticket counter office and damaged some office equipment, including two computers and furniture. Roy, the employee who was on duty then tried to resist the mob and was beaten up severely,\" said sources. from ransacking but the agitators attacked him and beat him up severely.RPF and GRP men, led by senior officials, reached the spot to bring the situation under control. tnn\"The persons who were involved in vandalizing the ticket counter managed to flee. They also attacked a railway employee and injured him. Raids are on to nab them,\" a senior GRP official said.The passengers however alleged that wrong announcement of trains has become frequent at the Jagaddal railway station. \"The passengers were confused by the wrong announcement several times at Jagaddal station. It also caused the accidents earlier and we appealed the station authorities for proper announcement several times, but in vain,\" said Bhaskar Majumdar, a daily passenger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17459110", "title": "Sikh soldier in UK faces colleagues\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 racial taunts", "text": "LONDON: The British army's first Sikh soldier allowed to wear a turban rather than a bearskin on ceremonial duties has suffered abuse from his colleagues over his headgear and his refusal to cut hair and his beard, a media report on Sunday said.Guardsman Jatinderpal Singh Bhullar, 25, who joined the Scots guards this year, has been permitted to wear a turban outside Buckingham Palace, breaking hundreds of years of tradition . The decision by army bosses has proved controversial with Bhullar's fellow soldiers.\"The army's Sikh chaplain has told The Mail on Sunday that Bhullar has endured taunts about his turban and his refusal to cut his hair and his beard,\" the Daily Mail said in a report.Bhullar is based at Wellington Barracks in Birdcage Walk. The base is used by soldiers from the Scots Guards' F Compan, who at present are responsible for public duties and guarding the Queen . According to military sources, Bhullar, who is from Birmingham , is expected to parade for the first time next week. When he marches with his collea gues he will become the first guardsman not wear a bearskin , the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17460854", "title": "Zilla Ghaziabad: Sanjay refuses special effects for stunt scenes", "text": "It's a newly-revamped power-packed Sanjay Dutt ready to strike back on screen. He is not only preparing to lose kilos to shoot his big action scene with Ramcharan Teja in Zanjeer, Sanjay Dutt has also decided to take charge of his image of the Original Action Hero. And body-doubles or special effects won't do.For his next release Zilla Ghaziabad Dutt has shot some authentic bare-fisted action sequences. Says our source from the film, \"There are scenes where Dutt's cop's characters gets so livid he picks up his enemy bodily, somersaults them with his hands and throws them to the ground. When we were to shoot these scenes we were against Dutt saab picking the guys up and hurling them to the ground. But he insisted on doing them without a body-double. ' Aajkal public sab samajhti hai .You can't fool them with a body-double,' Dutt saab told us, and proceeded to shoot the scenes himself without any props. He wanted his character to come across as a full-action Jackson, the kind Dutt saab played in his early films like Rocky .Producer Vinod Bachchan confirms that Sanjay Dutt's action sequences were shot without props. \"We got one of the best action directors Kanal Kannan from the South to direct the action scenes for Dutt saab . He worked with Kanal Kannan on the scenes. For the first time Dutt saab has shot action scenes with cables. He wanted to make sure that they look real.\"Adds Bachchan, \" Kya hota hai, kabhi kabhi the fights look so real people think they're done by body doubles. We left no scope for any doubts in the audiences' minds. They will know it's Dutt saab doing those scenes. I can't tell you all the methods we adopted to ensure 100 percent authenticity. But Dutt saab went all-out to make sure his fights look genuine. He will make other action heroes look artificial in comparison.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17457744", "title": "Valuables worth 7.36 lakh stolen", "text": "PUNE: Unidentified persons broke into a flat of a trader in Navi Peth on Friday afternoon and stole cash and gold ornaments, together worth Rs 7.36 lakh.Sunil Bhandari of Vasant Wood apartments has lodged a complaint in this regard with the Vishrambaug police station.Police said that Bhandari left his house for work on Friday morning. When he returned in the evening, he found that the grills of the kitchen window had been broken. The money and gold ornaments were missing from his cupboard, police said.In another incident on Friday, unidentified persons broke into a flat belonging to Archana Rane, in Shirke building at Dhankawadi. The suspects stole cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 1.53 lakh. The Sahakarnagar police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17456649", "title": "Pernem TCP office in urgent need of government attention", "text": "MAPUSA: The branch office of the Town and country planning (TCP) department at Pernem has been lacking infrastructure support and is in urgent need of attention.The deficiencies here, which are since long, has caused great inconvenience to the citizens of the taluka.The branch office still functions in a rented premises ever since it was inaugurated in the year 1994.The office's telephone landline connection is not working and the people face hardships in contacting the office. The officials here have now displayed their personal mobile phone numbers to help the public contact the office.Sources at the office informed TOI that they are connected with a BSNL landline. But, due to delay in paying the bills because of procedural delays due to lack of staff, the line has been disconnected. The office got it reconnected, but the problem resurfaced.\"I have complained to the BSNL office to replace the receiver and give them a connection but nothing has happened,\" said town planner Vinod Kumar.The office is in the rented premises of the Shenvi Desai family on the outskirts of the town and is very difficult to locate. There was no signboard also till lately, and it was erected recently about four months back. The office staff confirmed that people are finding it difficult to locate the office. Sources said that efforts were made to shift the office to the government office complex which is in the heart of Pernem town but it was not successful.The office is on the first floor which is made of wood. There are documents at the office which are crucial. There is no fire safety. There is also no security guard deployed at the office. The staff fear the hazard of fire.\"We saw fire at the Mantralaya in Mumbai. We fear it could happen here. The houseowner who stays below is the only security for us here,\" Kumar said.The office also faces the problem of lack of staff. Three pre-employment training skills (PETS) employees who were deployed here, were relieved from the department in August and no replacement has been done yet. Presently, there are four employees; two draughtsman, a upper division clerk and a peon.The town planner visits twice a week on Tuesday and Thursday.There is no lower divisional clerk (LDC) at the office and the typing of the documents is done by the peon or other staff. In the absence of a LDC, maintaining outward and inward registers has become difficult.\"The typist is required to maintain the records. It is presently done by a peon or the technical staff,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457284", "title": "After cellphone battery arrest, cops ask jails to be alert", "text": "MUMBAI: The arrest of Mansoor Akbar Ali at sessions court on Saturday for allegedly trying to sneak cellphone batteries inside his shoes has forced the police to send an alert to the three jails in the city.Sources said the police have intimated the jails in Arthur Road, Thane and Taloja, informing that some gang is trying to smuggle batteries to undertrials. Sources said after every call, the user switches off the cellphone to save power. Cops have asked jails to frisk vehicles coming from courts.\"The seizure indicates that convicts use cellphones. There are no charging points inside the lock-ups and hence these charged batteries are supplied. We have alerted the jails and now it's their duty to keep a check,\" said a police official. Sources said the batteries are being sneaked in as guards posted inside these jails charge a bomb for calls from kin of the undertrials. Sources said the cheap China-make phones are high in demand in the jails. Relatives who come to meet the undertrials in courts hand over the cellphones to the accused.On Friday, constable Savita Kholkar at the sessions court found three batteries hidden inside Ali's shoes. During interrogation, Ali said he had received a call from an unknown person to deliver three batteries to MCOCA accused Akhil Mohammed. Later, crime branch officials, during a search, found three batteries in shoes abandoned on the fourth floor of the court, said Krishna Prasad, additional commissioner of police (south region).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17456437", "title": "Indore to get a convention centre soon", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh government is planning to construct a convention centre of international standards in Indore. It is likely to cost around Rs 800 crore and will have facilities like convention centre with sitting capacity of nearly 2,000 people, conference rooms, five star hotel, restaurant and shopping area.Divisional commissioner Prabhat Prashar said four places have been identified out of which one will be finalized by the end of the month. Places that have been identified include Diamond Park near IIM-I, which is likely to get selected for the project. It has 300 acre of land out of which 25 acre will be required for convention centre. Besides, places at Rau, Super Corridor and Chhoti Betma have also been identified for the project. Need for an international convention was felt during the global investors' meet. The state government has already announced the date of the next meet scheduled to be held after two years and such a centre can save the money spent on developing temporary infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "doha", "code": "17459233", "title": "Doha climate talks: Qatar may ask select ministers to take lead in resolving prickly issues", "text": "DOHA: With ministers pouring in to Doha for the high-level segment of the UN climate negotiations rumours swelled over the weekend about the host, Qatar is asking ministers from select countries to lead talks on specific issues that remained unresolved.On some previous occasions during the climate talks, the hosts, who act as presidency of the meeting, have attempted to short-circuit the process of negotiations by getting the ministers to negotiate fresh draft texts keeping aside the documents being thrashed out by the negotiators. If the hosts take the plunge and decides at this stage to keep the list of countries it consults restricted to some, it is referred to as 'green rooms' - a process followed in the WTO talks but not taken to kindly at the climate conferences.Different hosts over years have tried variations of this process to break logjams but these green room avtars have also caused bad blood and distrust when the smaller countries feel that the bigger players are cutting a deal ignoring them. Copenhagen talks in 2009 remain a prominent case of such a move.At meetings since then the hosts have tried softer versions of a green room system. At Cancun, in 2010, the Mexican hosts asked select ministers to create new negotiating text on select unresolved issues. But they left the door open for any country to contribute to the discussion with the select ministers. But transparency nevertheless suffered at Cancun as a flurry of activity in parallel sessions and lack of clarity about where the new texts were emerging from left many small countries dismayed.The Mexican presidency had asked one member from the developed world and one from the developing country set to lead the talks jointly on each unresolved issue. As these ministers held position of considerable power in such talks, their decisions and inclinations raised suspicion from one quarter or the other. Though the final decision at the official COP decision should have been taken by consensus, the hosts over-ruled the one country that opposed them and gaveled the decisions through. These decisions came to be known as the Cancun Accord.At Durban, the South Africa tried a yet another version which it called the Indaba where it generated the fresh text that the ministers negotiated instead of the negotiators. It naturally gave greater control over the process to the countries that had greater capacities to deal with such a situation leading to eventual fights that dragged well beyond the appointed closure time. Out of this process was born the Durban Platform to conclude a new global compact by 2015.Qatar, sources said, was likely to use the Cancun method of operation again at Doha and ask two ministers each - one from the developed countries and another from the developing world - to kick-start the talks around new text starting December 5.Whether Qatar, which has so far held its cards close to its chests, would restrict countries that participate in these dialogues remains unclear the sources explained. But, they said, the level of transparency would take a dip for sure with new text emerging from out of the blue and the drafts already under negotiations falling aside.On December 5, Qatar has called for an informal ministerial round table conference outside the purview of the UN talks. Some delegates that TOI talked to felt that the host may reveal its plan of action at this meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17458671", "title": "Many ministers, MLAs will join KJP, says BSY", "text": "BELGAUM: Immediately after the present tenure of the BJP government ends, many ministers and MLAs will join Karnataka Janata Party, said former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa on Sunday.\"KJP has become a nightmare for several politicians. They are trading allegations against me. It is their fear which is making them respond that way,\" he told reporters at the Sambra airport.Reacting to former chief minister HD Kumarswamy's charges against him, Yeddyurappa said: \"I am not bothered about any allegation. Now my focus is to build the party in the state. Many ministers and MLAs in the BJP will join KJP after the tenure of the government is over. If the BJP government tries to trouble them because they are my supporters, then BJP will have to face the consequences,\" he added.After resigning from the primary membership of the BJP, Yeddyurappa went to Vaishno Devi temple at Jammu, from there he reached Belgaum to take part in Guruvandana programme of Murugharajendra Swami of Jidaga Mugalkod. The event was organized by Bruhanmutt of Yallaling Swami at district Bal Bhavan. Industries minister Murugesh Nirani was also present.Party manifesto on cardsMeanwhile speaking in Hubli, Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa on Sunday said that he is preparing manifesto for the upcoming assembly elections.Addressing a gathering at Karnataka Janata Party minority convention at Ambedkar ground, Yeddyurappa said he has already asked the leaders of the minority communities to give suggestions. He claimed that he has sanctioned Rs 40 crore for the construction of Haj Bhavans and Rs 50 crore for the welfare of Christians.Yeddyurappa was felicitated at the convention. Earlier, he visited Siddharudha mutt and Sayyed Fateshawali darga.Meanwhile, former minister Jabbarkhan Honnalli said that he joined the KJP after quitting the Congress to work for the development of the minority community.Former minister Jabbarkhan Honnalli, Haveri MLC Shivaraj Sajjan and minority commission former president Kushru Qureshi were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17458247", "title": "No specific way to define sovereign state", "text": "How many countries are there in the world?There is no definite answer to this question. Different countries have set different benchmarks in recognizing states. Most of these criteria are based on the political agenda of the country and its allies. The UN has 193 member states while 204 countries participated in the 2012 London Olympics. The US department of state and the Chinese government have their own lists. Recently, voting for Palestine's inclusion in the UN non-member observer state list showed disagreement among countries in identifying sovereign states. While 138 countries favoured Palestine's candidature, it was opposed by 9 countries.What characteristics should a region have to be identified as a country?Again, there is no specific way to define a sovereign state. It is generally agreed among experts that the best way to define it is by identifying the characteristics of a country whose sovereignty is not disputed. By this yardstick, a sovereign state should first have an internationally recognized boundary. It should also have a permanent population, independent government, organized economy and be able to enter into relationships with other such states.How has the number of sovereign states changed over the years?During the colonial era, most of the world was occupied by European nations. With the collapse of the Ottoman and the Spanish empire, decolonization started in the early 19th century, a period during which many former colonies gained independence.How did World War II change the world atlas?World War II changed the global balance of power. The end of the war marked the beginning of the Cold War between the US and the Soviet Union . In the decades that followed the 1940s, decolonization gained substantial momentum and by the mid-1970s a majority of the colonial territories became independent.Has the atlas changed much since the 1970s?The last two decades have made atlases from the 1980s and earlier redundant. The main reason is the dissolution of the USSR and Yugoslavia in the early 1990s, which caused the creation of several newly independent states. As many as 15 new countries appeared on the map after the break-up of the USSR.Similarly, the break-up of Yugoslavia resulted in the creation of five different countries. Czechoslovakia too split into the Czech Republic and Slovakia. In Africa, Namibia became independent of South Africa in 1990.The same year, North and South Yemen unified to form one country. Eritrea gained independence from Ethiopia in 1993 and East Timor from Indonesia in 2002. In 2011, South Sudan also gained its independence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17457252", "title": "70,000 candidates appear for railway exam", "text": "RAIPUR: Around 70,000 aspirant appeared from Chhattisgarh for the railway non-technical recruitment examination held here on Sunday. Candidates not only from Chhattisgarh but from Bihar, Jharkhand, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Maharastra and other states were seen in large number at the city railway station early% morning.Indian railway had conducted the admissions exam across the country of which Raipur had 51 centres in various parts of the city and Durg-Bhilai had 57 centres. The entrance exam was conducted in two sessions in the morning and afternoon. Railway officials and workers were deployed at the exam centres along with the security of CRPF men to avoid any untoward incident.The announcement for the recruitment was done last month by the railways.The trains came loaded with these aspirants right from Saturday evening. Most of the candidates were seen spending night on the premises of railway %station.The traffic condition went from bad to worse on Sunday morning when the candidates left for the examination centres stuffed in the city buses and auto-rickshaws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17458414", "title": "Cash transfer scheme's aim to transfer entitlements to the deserving, Jairam Ramesh says", "text": "In an exclusive interview with TOI, rural development minister Jairam Ramesh tells Rukmini Shrinivasan that this isn't really a cash transfer, but it is a stronger anti-corruption tool than the Lokpal. (Edited excerpts.)Q. Which schemes is the government first going to take up, and is the infrastructure ready?A. Originally there were 42 schemes and then we decided that we should start with the schemes where today the transfer is going into a bank account. So it's been pared down to 29, further refinement is taking place. The bulk of them are scholarship schemes, some pension schemes and then LPG and kerosene of the subsidy schemes. Food and fertilisers are out for now: on food there is an ideological debate, on fertilisers there is an operational issue.The objective of the scheme is not transfer into the bank accounts, the objective is transfer of the entitlement into the hands of the pensioner or the student. That's the fundamental difference in what we are talking of.Q. So scholarships and pensions?A. No, for the time being we are taking scholarships but leaving out pensions until we reengineer this process. We have said we will do NREGA and pensions in Phase I, but I don't see it happening on January 1. There are some structural issues. But these are a part of the 29 schemes.Q. What are the structural issues?A. The post office is a very important delivery system that has to be brought in into the scheme. For example in these 51 districts, 71% of NREGA accounts are in post offices, 35% pension schemes are through post offices. We must bring the post office in. Unfortunately the IT architecture of the postal department will start getting rolled out only in June 2013 and it will take a minimum of 15 months for the entire project to be completed. What we are now discussing are some interim solutions, some transition solutions so that we can make use of the post office as well.Remember that UP, Bihar, Orissa, Chhattisgarh, West Bengal and Assam are not covered in these 51 districts because these are not Aadhaar states. These are states where the enrolment is being doing by the Registrar General of India because of concerns raised by home ministry. We are starting with UID states where Aadhaar enrolment has reached 80%. We have said that by June or July of 2012 we will start the initiative even in NPR states.These are the two big structural issues that we have to get a grip on immediately: the post offices, and NPR.Q. If you're starting with these schemes that already involve some element of cash, and not replacing subsidies like food, then is cash transfers really the right term?A. It is not cash transfers. I have never used the word. It's the media that's going gung-ho and unfortunately even the Prime Minister's committee is called PM's Committee on Direct Cash Transfers, but i have never said that this is direct cash transfers. Never.Q. So what would you call it?A. I would say it is direct benefits transfer. Direct entitlements transfer would be another. It is not direct cash transfer. If we were replacing the food or fertiliser subsidy with cash, that would be direct cash transfer. I react very negatively to the words \"direct cash transfer\".Q. A lot of the criticism that is happening though is about subsidies being replaced with cash.A. There have been three main criticisms.First criticism is that this is a bribe. That is a bogus criticism. This is not a bribe. You are taking an entitlement which is being delivered inefficiently and we are hoping that it will be delivered more efficiently at the doorstep.The second argument is a little more serious, that we're abdicating the welfare state. That's why we have not brought in food subsidies. I am not an evangelical on cash transfers and on food, I'm an agnostic. There are places like south India where the PDS functions. On the other hand Nitish Kumar is a great proponent of cash transfers as a substitute for the food subsidy. We have left it to the states. It's somewhat like the FDI in retail issue.The third argument is the larger civil liberties argument, that this is an assault on privacy because we are using this biometric system. I know the concern is that if tomorrow Narendra Modi becomes Prime Minister then what happens. That's what some activists like Aruna Roy and others told me. But the fact of the matter is that it is true that in places like the UK biometrics have been abandoned. But that is because the objective of the biometric exercise was of surveillance there whereas in our country we've gone the biometric route not for control but for developmental purposes.Q I can think of one more criticism to add to these which is of capacity..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17458747", "title": "BSY plays secular card, banks on minority votes", "text": "DHARWAD: If former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's remarks at various public meetings are any indication, secularism seems to be the trump card for his new outfit Karnataka Janata Party (KJP). KJP will be a competitor for both the Congress and the JD(S) in wooing the minority communities in the ensuing assembly election.After opening KJP office in Dharwad on Sunday, Yeddyurappa claimed that his party will strive for the welfare of minorities, backwards and other underprivileged classes and take the state on the path of prosperity.Stating that he is not communal-minded, Yeddyurappa appealed to the people from minority communities and OBCs to help his party come to power and realize the dream of building a prosperous Karnataka.Presumably to make the party's stand clear, huge portraits of Tipu Sultan , Mother Teresa and Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar, Basaveshwar, Shivaji and Swami Vivekananda were erected on the dais from where Yeddyurappa addressed the public meeting. Many leaders, who were present on the dais, too showered praises on Yeddyurappa for his contributions for the welfare of the minority communities when he was the chief minister.Yeddyurappa said that he had strived hard to protect the interests of all communities, including the Muslims and Christians.\"I was the first person to earmark Rs 40 crore for the construction of Haj Bhavans and Rs 50 crore for the welfare of Christians. I did for the minorities what the national political parties, who used the minorities as merely vote bank, failed to do. Even the opposition parties were stunned by my welfare programmes,\" he claimed.The former CM, without naming the BJP and terming is \"my previous party\", blamed its leaders for allegedly ditching him and projecting him as a culprit though he was not at fault.\"The hoodwinking in my previous party has crossed limits. I had only two ways; either to retire from politics or fight back. I preferred the second one,\" he said.Yeddyurappa said the people of Karnataka should learn from states like Tamil Nadu, West Bengal , Odisha, and Uttar Pradesh where regional parties had come to power and were working as a strong lobby to achieve the betterment of their respective states.BJP local body members will resign tomorrowHUBLI: BJP members of the Haveri district local bodies have decided to resign on December 4 and join the Karnataka Janata Party (KJP). MLC Shivaraj Sajjan said at the recent KJP meeting in Haveri that BJP members of all local bodies, including zilla panchayat, taluk panchayat, gram panchayat, town municipality and city municipality, will join KJP on December 5.Yeddyurappa will travel Ranebennur, Byadgi, Hangal on December 6 and on December 7, he will visit Gadag, Savanur, Shirahatti to invite people to participate in the KJP launching function slated to be held in Haveri on December 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17458198", "title": "Shiv Shankar Menon first Indian official to visit China after unveiling of new order", "text": "BEIJING: National security advisor and negotiator in border talks with China, Shiv Shankar Menon, arrived here on Sunday, the first visit by a top ranking Indian official after changes announced in the Communist Party of China. Menon is expected to meet China's next premier Li Keqiang.The Chinese would seek a diplomatic signal from Menon suggesting India does not want to join forces with Vietnam and Philippines in the passport row triggered by China, informed sources said. The three countries have protested against Beijing's embossing the map of China on areas controlled and claimed by them on their passports.India and China are trying to work out a positive signal to overcome criticism that the two countries have gone through 15 rounds of border negotiations without any improvement in the situation. At the same time, China's passport move has somewhat vitiated the atmosphere.Menon's visit will see a battle of wits between the two sets of negotiators at a time when China is getting ready for a change of guard with both the president and premier to be replaced in March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17458731", "title": "England get down to the basics before Eden Test", "text": "KOLKATA: The English team finally returned to on-field action on Sunday, five days after defeating India in the second Test in Mumbai and levelling the four-match Test series 1-1. The Englishmen, who landed in the city on Friday, had their first practice session at the Eden Gardens on Sunday ahead of the third Test that gets under way here on Wednesday.England players arrived in two batches in the morning and had a long practice session under the strict supervision of director of coaching Andy Flower , batting coach Graham Gooch and bowling coach Mushtaq Ahmed .Gooch had a special session with the horribly out-of-form Jonathan Trott , who has managed only 17 runs in the three innings he has played so far. The former England captain and opening batsman closely monitored and advised Trott on the finer points of the game during a long throwdown session with the No. 3 batsman. Trott, who spent the longest time in the middle, batted in all the three practice pitches made available to England on Sunday.Monty Panesar , who played a key role in England's victory in Mumbai, was among the early birds to hit the nets and bowled uninterrupted alongside compatriot Stuart Broad . While Panesar looked to get into rhythm, Broad tried to maintain his line and length in a bid to rediscover his wicket-taking prowess. The right-am pacer, who went wicketless in the two Test matches, faces stiff competition from fellow-pacer Steven Finn , who rejoined the side here after coming through unscathed in the England Performance Programme (EPP) team's match against a DY Patil Sports Academy XI in Mumbai earlier this week.Finn, who missed the first two Tests of the series with a strained thigh muscle sustained during England's opening warm-up match against India 'A', did not bowl at the nets on Sunday.The team management later informed that Finn had been rested in accordance with his workload management plan. He will bowl during training on Monday before a decision is taken over his availability for the third Test.Flower took up the umpiring role at the nets to allow himself a close look at the two bowlers while Ahmed positioned himself behind the nets.The English team management rotated the batsmen in the three nets with as many as eight bowlers, including a local spinner, bowling at them. Middle-order batsman Ian Bell too has rejoined the side after having gone on paternity leave during the second Test, while James Tredwell has been added as cover for senior spinners, Panesar and Graeme Swann.Later, skipper Cook and Flower took a good look at the much-talked-about Eden track. Pietersen too went straight to the middle to have a 'feel' of the playing surface. The team management, however, refrained from making any comment on the pitch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17458564", "title": "No assistant librarian at Sambalpur varsity", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Although the Sambalpur University library has an impressive collection of reference books for research scholars, staff shortage and space crunch have left the library gasping.There are three sanctioned posts of assistant librarians, but they are lying vacant since 2003. At present, the library is managed by eight employees, none of whom is a graduate degree holder in library science. Sources said this was in gross violation of government norms, which make it mandatory for library employees to be graduates.Vice chancellor B C Barik said it was difficult to manage the library in the absence of proper library staff. The post of assistant librarian is lying vacant for the last nine years, he added. \"We have approached the government to fill up the vacancy. It is under consideration by the government. The library association is also putting pressure to fill up the vacant posts,\" said Barik.He, however, said that the library would need less staff once the automation work is complete. \"The entire library opeartion is being computerized. It will take some more months for it to be fully managed by computers. For this, we are spending about Rs 10 lakh,\" said Barik.He said 3,000 students depend on the library apart from other research scholars. The University library has 1,20,000 books in five sections of the four-storeyed building. This year, the university has procured books worth Rs 62 lakh. There are about 20,000 reference books and same number of phd thesis in the library.With UGC consortium supplying journals online through 'inflibnet', the university has stopped procuring journals. Earlier, the library subscribed to 80 different journals. \"Barring the journal section, we have text book, reference, circulation, computer and photocopy units. It is the assistant librarians who are supposed to manage the records, but in their absence, it is not possible to ensure smooth functioning of the library,\" said Rajendra Thati, librarian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457037", "title": "Building collapses in illegal colony", "text": "NEW DELHI: A single-storey building in Jheel Khurenja, east Delhi, came crashing down on Sunday. The building housed a factory where at least 16 people worked. Fortunately no one was injured as the factory was shut for the weekend, but quite a few vehicles were damaged by the rubble.The collapse, said a senior East Delhi Municipal Corporation official, was triggered by digging work in the adjacent plot where a commercial complex is set to come up. The contractor, apparently, dug up a large portion underneath the factory and thereby weakened its foundation.\"Around 10am, the ground shook and something fell with a thud. We thought there was an earthquake, so we all rushed out. Then we saw that the building had collapsed, and the debris had crushed our brand-new car. But it was bound to happen,\" said Gaurav Sahni, owner of the building that collapsed.He alleged that construction in the neighbouring plot had become a nuisance. \"Construction work would go on till late in the night, and only last night we had an argument with the contractor. He had dug up portions of other neighbouring plots, too, and we had complained to the cops and the civic body several times. Every time we complained, work would stop for a few days but begin again. The collapse has happened due to the contractor's sheer negligence; he should be punished for it,\" Sahni added.A police officer present at the spot told TOI that the contractor, Vivek Saini, is on the run. \"A portion of the factory was used as a parking space by neighbours, and some auto drivers would park their vehicles there too. Many vehicles were damaged. The ground was cleared with much ado and five truckloads of rubble were carted away,\" he said.A few nearby buildings, too, have developed cracks after the collapse. Hari Kishan and Amit Taneja, both living in an adjacent building, have vacated their homes. \"Our building has developed deep cracks and living there is risky. Imagine the tragedy that would have occurred had there been people inside the factory or kids playing nearby at the time of collapse,\" said Taneja.The sub-divisional magistrate and corporation officials have sealed the site and a building, which has developed cracks and whose foundation has been exposed. \"Another building has been vacated too. We will take strict action against the contractor; an inquiry has already been ordered,\" said Sandeep Taneja, SDM of the area.Jheel Khurenja is an unauthorized colony and the maintenance of such colonies is with the SDM..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17457244", "title": "Municipal Corporation to remove illegal hoardings across Raipur", "text": "RAIPUR: The illegal hoardings and banners in the city would be soon removed. Raipur Municipal Corporation (RMC) is currently conducting a survey on the number of hoardings and banners in various locations of the city.RMC officials said that a number of illegal hoardings are seen on the G E Road, Malviya Road, M G Road, K K Road, Sadar Bazaar and on top of several buildings.RMC is already conducting an encroachment drive wherein it's removing the posters and boards hanging on poles and dividers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17461190", "title": "State failed to generate jobs through industries", "text": "JAIPUR: Employment generation from the manufacturing sector in Rajasthan is below the national average and the state also performs poorly in industry development compared to its neighbouring states.The latest data from the National Sample Survey Office (NSSO) reveals that only 186 people per thousand in urban Rajasthan are dependent on industry jobs against the national average of 242 persons per thousand. The contribution of manufacturing sector is only 6% of its gross domestic production.A survey report based on the NSSO data released by the industry body, Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India ( ASSOCHAM ) on November 28 suggests that urban Harayana and Gujarat, both the neighboring states of Rajasthan have managed to be frontrunners in providing employment opportunities in industries.The number of jobs generated by manufacturing sector in the state is below the national average. Rajasthan, on the other hand, failed in reducing its dependency on service sector and generating employment through industries in urban areas.The report said, \"States like Rajasthan, with average employment of 186 (per 1000) dependent on the industry, have not done well in terms of industrial progress in urban areas\". It noted that with tourism being among the main source of jobs, the services sector in Rajasthan is overwhelmingly the biggest source of employment.The report also mentioned that over-dependence on the services, mainly trade, hotels, restaurants, transport etc is not considered the best option for a country aspiring for growth combined with employment generation.\"Manufacturing sector depends on labour-oriented units. Unfortunately, in our state there is nothing that can generate jobs in abundance except cement industries. To improve the tally some respite may come from petrochemical units which will come up along with the refinery at Barmer,\" said K L Jain, secretary general, Rajasthan Chamber of Commerce and Industry.The state government refuted the report and asserted that everything is being done to escalate industrial growth and job creation. \"Each state has its own advantages and dis-advantages due to its geographical location. Gujarat has ports and sufficient ground water availability while Haryana is near the national capital. The comparison therefore is unjustified\" said Rajendra Pareek, industries minister.\"Also in Gujarat there are refineries and Surat is hub for textiles so naturally it increases jobs in the manufacturing sector. But we too are progressing and have identified areas for textile hubs, ceramic zones and auto-manufacturing units. Manufacturing zones on the Delhi-Mumbai corridor will be another advantage for us,\" added Pareek.Urban unemployment remains a concern as according to Union ministry of labor, only 16 out of 1000 people in rural areas of Rajasthan are jobless whereas in urban areas, the same figure stands at 20. The manufacturing sector which provides jobs in volumes is restricted only to industrial parks at Neemrana, Bhiwadi and Alwar.The industry associations slammed government policies for slowing growth of employment generation industries. \"The jobs will only be generated when existing units either expand or new companies establish their plants. However both are not happening in the state,\" said Tarachand Chaudhary, president Vishwakarma Industries Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17461273", "title": "Shankar-Simbu to join hands", "text": "The audio launch Santhanam's maiden production venture starring himself and Power Star Srinivasan and VTV Ganesh, Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya (KLTA) will happen on 9th December. It was earlier reported that while Simbu aka STR, who worked with Santhanam in Vaanam, will be seen in a scene in KLTA playing himself, Gautham Menon will be seen as a director who is canning a shot with the actor.Looks like the ace director and young super star will join once again for the film's audio launch. The audio will be launched by Director Shankar, who has cast Santhanam in 'I' and Simbu, who introduced Santhanam in his ' Manmadhan' , will receive the first copy.While Vishaka Singh plays the female lead in this Manikandan directed, comedy entertainer, the music has been scored by Thaman and cinematography by Balasubramaniem.The film is believed to be a full-fledged comedy entertainer which will tickle the funny bones. ' Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya ' is ready to release on 21st December alongside Bala's ' Paradesi ' starring Aadharva, Vedhika and Dhanshika .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17457074", "title": "Jharkhand Mukti Morcha minority forum chief shot in Palamu", "text": "Daltonganj: A local leader of the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (minority cell) was shot dead on Sunday morning when he was in a meeting in Medininagar, the Palamu district headquarters town.Ladle Hassan (30), alias Laddu, who was the district president of JMM's minority forum , was hit by a single bullet from the back around 9 am when he was talking to guests.SP Palamu Anoop T Mathew said the deceased was caught unawares as the killer walked up to him and shot. Hassan died on the spot.Hassan had earlier applied for armed bodyguards as he feared threat to his life. However, that could not be sanctioned as Laddu had cases pending against him in the court. Mathew said Laddu made enemies during his involvement in land dealings.Witnesses said there were three killers who came on foot and took a narrow alley to reach the Koyal river to cross over to Shahpur.Police recovered a pair of shoes from the ghaat along the Koyal.\"The shoes belong to one of the three men who abandoned it to cross the river faster,\" the police said.JMM district president Rajinder Prasad Sinha alias Gudduji has condemned this brutal murder of his party leader and demanded immediate arrest of the killer.This is the second murder in the town in 48 hours. On Saturday, one youth, identified as Bholu Singh, was shot at and he succumbed to his injuries late at night. The murders have caused enough public resentment and cops on motorbikes have been blamed for failing to check crime in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17458224", "title": "Political hounding of CAG hits morale of probe agencies", "text": "The political class has achieved the desired result through incessant hounding of a constitutional body, the comptroller and auditor general, for projecting a notional loss of Rs 1.76 lakh crore in the irregular allotment of 2G spectrum licences in January 2008 during A Raja's tenure as telecom minister.The CAG was constantly challenged for a public debate over the loss figure by a spokesperson of the ruling political party. Even after becoming a part of the council of ministers, he did not relent in berating the CAG.As long as he was the spokesperson, one could understand his brief in attempting to divert attention of the public and opposition which were criticizing the government on more important \"roti, kapda, makaan' issues.But when a minister, with the might of the government and the ruling political party behind him, openly questions a constitutional body's estimate of loss accruing from distribution of spectrum in blatant disregard of norms, then it is bound to have a chilling effect on others engaged in finding out the truth behind the 2G scam.The recent press conference of outgoing CBI director A P Singh, now replaced by Ranjit Sinha, gave an uncomfortable feeling that he too got momentarily affected by the daily berating of a constitutional body by a politician.It was surprising to find Singh mentioning in that press conference that the 2G scam loss of Rs 30,000 crore, which was mentioned by the CBI in its April 2, 2012 charge-sheet against Raja and others, was only a notional figure.He was the person who was in charge of CBI throughout the period when the Supreme Court monitored the investigations into the spectrum allocation scam for close to a year culminating in filing of the charge-sheets.In the April 2 charge-sheet, there was no mention of the word \"notional\" when it came to quantification of the loss caused by the accused to the exchequer.The charge-sheet said, \"Based on growth in adjusted gross revenue (AGR) per MHz per year during the years 2002-03 to 2007, which grew by 3.5 times during this time, additional revenue of around 22,535.6 crore in respect of entry fee of new Unified Access Service licences granted by accused A Raja to various applicants and Rs 8,448.95 crore in respect of fees paid by dual technology users, totaling to Rs 30,984.55 crore could have accrued to the government exchequer.\"Nowhere did the CBI even hint that while calculating the figures to the second decimal, it was doing an exercise to ascertain the notional loss from spectrum allocation. Instead, it justified use of the methods for arriving at the loss figure of more than Rs 30,000 crore.It said, \"The change in the adjusted gross revenue (AGR) per MHz per year during the years 2002-03 to 2007 was pegged at around 3.5 times by the department of telecommunications during this time, and is an appropriate and preferred parameter for indexation, as suggested by Telecom Regulatory Authority of India also later in its recommendations dated May 11, 2010.\"Singh had stoutly stood by two bright investigating officers -- Suresh Palsania and Vivek Priyadarshi - who systematically unearthed the scam and periodically apprised the Supreme Court of the progress in the probe.Why would a person like Singh now tell the media that the CBI's estimate of Rs 30,000 crore loss to the exchequer was only notional?Singh played his part as CBI director. He can take credit for handling one of the most momentous cases in his career as a police officer and derive pleasure in keeping the CBI's reputation intact during the trying period when the apex court kept a watchful eye on its investigations into the 2G scam.But his last words on \"notional\" loss is a grave reminder to the polity that constant berating of constitutional bodies, if even one takes that they have committed a bona fide mistake in calculating the loss figures, sends out a chilling effect that is probably felt by even the best of the police officers.The CAG had achieved what it wanted to - draw the nation's attention to a massive fraud that was being allegedly perpetrated with impunity by a minister who even disregarded the caution note sent to him by none other than the Prime Minister.On the figures of notional loss to the exchequer, even the best of the mathematicians commit simple calculation mistakes. But, is Rs 30,000 crore loss estimated by the CBI less? Will the spokesman-turned-minister challenge the CBI for a public debate on this? Least likely, one would say.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17456896", "title": "Home guards protest to put police on toes today", "text": "LUCKNOW: Meant to be an auxiliary of the Indian police, the home guard volunteers are instead causing discomfort to the district police. A section of home guard volunteers have given call for a protest in the city on Monday and 16 police station head officials, 50 sub-inspectors, over 200 constables and 5 PAC companies had to be deputed to ensure the protest went off peacefully.The Vidhan Sabha Marg is expected to remain Choc-a-bloc today as volunteers are expected to participate in the protest in large numbers. About 1.18 lakh home guard volunteers assist the Uttar Pradesh police in day-to-day policing, as and when required. In Lucknow, close to 4,000 volunteers are deputed on duties as and when required by district police. \"A section of volunteers is organising the protest. Their primary demand is their appointment be made permanent and that cannot be,\" said P K Tiwari, additional director general (home guard).Post Indio-China war in 1962, the then union government came up with the idea of having a voluntary group to act as an auxiliary police force, as and when required. State governments were given the responsibility to raise such a force ( home guards) by training volunteers and deputing them in case police required additional support.The state government is already considering the demand of volunteers to raise their daily emoluments from Rs 160 to Rs 220, equivalent to those of a skilled daily wage worker. \"The protest is being organised by undisciplined volunteers who are not given work due to their laxity. Such individuals try to convince others. Those disgruntled with the authorities lend their support to such protests,\" added Tiwari.\"To rule out any possibility of clash or untoward incident we have made large-scale arrangements for today's protest,\" confirmed R K Chaturvedi, senior superintendent of police. Out of the total 1.18 lakh volunteers, about 55,000 home guard volunteers are put on duties across the state everyday. Naturally, the number of disgruntled members will be in proportion which is why the district police is on the tenterhooks, said one of the circle officials in cis-Gomti area.\"Clearly, the burden on the district police will also make residents of the city suffer as focus of district police will be on reigning in the protest and not on day-to-day policing,\" said Vivek Trivedi advocate. \"If the union was not recognised and demands were unjustifiable, permission to hold the protest should not have been given,\" he added. Tiwari said the home guard headquarters had not received any letter in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17462190", "title": "Content rules says Mahadev producer Nikhil Sinha", "text": "Content rules over everything, feels \"Devon Ke Dev Mahadev\" producer Nikhil Sinha, who says it is more important to concentrate on creating and delivering the right story than to dwell over the time slot that a show gets on the small screen.Sinha believes in making his own prime time slots with the right kind of shows.\"The story is most important for a show. The right story will do well at any time. Of course, the time (when a show is shown) also matters. But even at the right time, a bad show will not work. The content is paramount. I believe in making my own prime time slots,\" Sinha told IANS.Having produced shows like \"Baba Aiso Varr Dhoondo\", Sinha has also been a director of photography in shows like \"Hatim\", \"Hotel Kingston\", \"Saat Phere\", \"Piya Ka Ghar\", \"Kaisa Ye Pyaar Hai\" and \"Kkusum\".Talking about his current show, \"Devon Ke Dev Mahadev\", aired on Life OK, he says that even though it is a mythological show, his team has tried to present it differently.\"'...Mahadev' is a game changer. Like when 'Balika Vadhu' came out, it was a different show on social issues and then many shows followed. The same way, '...Mahadev' has a different style of narration. After the success of this style of narration, many shows are moving in this direction,\" he said.He is also happy with the fresh blood in the industry, and feels more newcomers should be roped in, albeit they suit the characters and follow directors' instructions well.\"The basic thing is that the actor must match the character in terms of looks. Secondly, he must understand his instructions even if he or she is a newcomer. They must be able to respond to instructions, must observe and then have the intelligence to understand and deliver,\" said Sinha.Sinha's long term plan is to step into Bollywood production, but right now he is content with television.\"I had made a telefilm for Star Gold. I do have plans to make films for Bollywood... but not at the moment,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17458795", "title": "Survey to identify school dropouts from December 12", "text": "MANGALORE: Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) will launch a five-day survey to identify school dropouts and children who have never joined schools across the district from December 12.SSA will also introduce a Child Tracking System (CTS) to maintain a data of identified school dropouts from this year. Under CTS photographs of dropouts will be uploaded on SSA's website along with addresses and other details.N Shivprakash, deputy project coordinator of SSA, told TOI that CTS would help track children, who drop out from schools even after their re-admission. \"Photographs of such children will be taken on the spot, where they will be identified,\" he said.At present, the data of school dropouts published on the website is accessible to only officials, he said adding that soon it will be made accessible to public.Authorities will visit the homes of children, who have not gone to school for more than one month, said Shivprakash. \"Identified dropouts will be given re-admission in schools situated close to their houses. We will also conduct a three-month bridge course for them,\" he addedOver 400 personnel attached to the department of public instructions, SSA and teaching faculties of government schools will visit every nook and corner of the district to identify the dropouts. During SSA's survey in 2011, 137 dropouts were identified in the district and were given re-admissions to various government schools. Of the 137 children, 22 have been migrated to different districts.After the completion of survey, a proposal will be sent to the state government for funds to provide free education to these children under various schemes, he added.In addition to the grants given by the government for building infrastructure in government schools, this year SSA has received Rs 5 crore from donors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17456887", "title": "Trail of nostalgia on city streets", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sunday was an unusual day for the city's motor sports aficionados and patrons of antique machines. Instead of watching the latest Ferrari or Mercedes models racing against each other, it was time to enjoy the retro beauties that rolled down the city streets. From 1911- built Merry Weather to 1905 model of NSU Neckarsulm motorbike, the vintage car rally brought back memories of an era gone by. Over 70 vintage beauties on wheels were on road as their owners flaunted their priceless possessions.The annual vintage car rally organised by Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited ( HPCL ) as a part of Lucknow Mahotsav started from Ranjan service station, Hazratganj after being flagged off by District Magistrate Anurag Yadav. Meandering through the streets of Jiamau, Mithai Wala Chauraha, Police Station Gomti Nagar, City Montessori School, Lohia Chauraha, the rally terminated at Hindustan Petroleum Nehru Enclave, Gomti Nagar.The biggest attraction was the 1911 Merry Weather and 1905 model NSU Neckarsulm motorbike. Other cars that participated in the rally were 1928-built Plymouth car, 1936 model Baby Austin, Ford, Austin Summerset, DKW, Hindustan-8, German Ford, Hyndman, Plymouth Chrysler and Fiat.Showing off their vehicles with pride, M A Khan, a vintage car fan said, \"Old beauties are always fascinating as they help in preserving heritage.\" Khan who owns a 1926 Austin Chummy said he bought the car from a land owner in Bareilly in a dilapidated condition. \"I got it restored by getting parts of the rare vehicle from Chor Bazar of Mumbai and Kolkata. The car was called 'Chummy' because of the style in which British drove around in it,\" said Khan. An owner of Land Rover , a model of 1972, Pradeep Gupta said, \"I love my car and I go to office by this car.\"This year, cycle race and wrestling made debut in the Mahotsav. Both sporting events are favourite of Samajwadi Party's chief Mulayam Singh Yadav . Because Yadav was a wrestler and bicycle is the symbol of the party. The theme of the cycle race was \"Pedal for Unity\", which connected the cause of cycling to the theme of Lucknow Mahotsav: 'Ekta ki Virasat'. District Magistrate Anurag Yadav flagged off the race at Lohia Path. It ended at KD Singh 'Babu' Stadium. Format of the cycle rally is based on a Treasure Hunt basis, wherein the cyclists collect goodies and numbered coupons at various stop points within the route, a lucky draw will be conducted post the completion of the rally.Similarly, Ikka-tanga race and Saaj Sajja competition also took place on Sunday. Mayor Dinesh Sharma flagged off the race. A total of 50 horses participated in Saaj Sajja and the big and small horse race.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17456560", "title": "Women's Indian Open: Phatlum completes hat-trick in style", "text": "GURGAON: All eyes were on the petite Thai girl in the colourful polka dot attire. She shares the same apparel sponsor as John Daly but none of his meltdown moods. Pornanong Phatlum has won the Hero Women's Indian Open at the DLF Golf &amp; Country Club twice. And she wasn't about to let go of the hat-trick opportunity, just two days before her 23rd birthday.After consolidating the lead to three strokes on the front nine with an eagle and two birdies in a row and a series of steady pars, there was a hiccup on the 15th. A bogey for her and a birdie for rival Caroline Hedwall, who set a course record 62 the previous day, saw the lead cut down to one. The pressure was on.On the 17th, she pulled to the left into the tree-lined rough but saved her day with a brilliant 9-iron shot three feet close to the pin. The resulting birdie saw her soaring in confidence and the pressure was shifted to Hedwall's shoulders. The Swede went for broke on the par-5 18th -- 156 metres from the hole, she swung her 5-iron and if not for a divot may have given herself an eagle chance. But it was not to be as her Open dreams sunk into a watery hole. Phatlum, in the left bunker, breathed a sigh of relief but intended to celebrate in style. A final-hole birdie and a round of 6-under 66 sealed a four-stroke victory at the tri-sanctioned $300,000 event and a championship record of 13-under.Caroline, who shot a 69, knew she couldn't have done more. \"I played well but sometimes you just don't win.\"Phatlum, the diminutive Chaiyaphum native, has been honing her skills on the Ladies PGA Tour, having made 26 starts and finishing 55th in the Order Of Merit. Having beaten the likes of Paula Creamer and Suzann Pettersen in an unofficial LPGA event in Brazil, she knows how to complete the job too. \"My game and mentality has improved by playing in America,\" she said.Phatlum, who has won an unofficial LPGA invitational event in Brazil, now goes into the Ladies Asian Golf Tour (LAGT) record book as the first player to win five times - Hong Kong Open (2006), Women's India Open (2008, 2009 and 2012) and Thailand Ladies Open (2008). This is her first win on the Ladies European Tour (LET). Earlier, when she won the Indian Open, it was a dual-sanctioned event.Aditi claims tied-8th placeYoung amateur Aditi Ashok, who surprised the seasoned professionals by claiming the lead on the first day of the tournament, kept her nerves to finish in tied-8th place. Sharing the experience with her father, who was on the bag, the 14-year-old looked in her elements alongside European Merit leader Carlota Ciganda to bring in an even-par card for a total of one-under. No money for her, of course, but a lot of pats on her back. The top Indian pro was Nalini Singh Siwach who maintained her overnight position of tied 33rd as she carded two-over 74 and finished at five-over 221.Leading final scores:203 - Pornanong Phatlum (THA) 72 65 66; 207 - Caroline Hedwall (SWE) 76 62 69; 209 - Nontaya Srisawang (THA) 71 70 68; 213 - Trish Johnson (ENG) 72 72 69, Stefania Croce (ITA) 69 73 71; Carlota Ciganda (ESP) 75 68 70; 214 - Laura Davies (ENG) 71 69 74.Selected score:215 - Aditi Ashok (Am) 69-74-72.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17456405", "title": "Aurangabad safer as chain-snatchers put behind bars", "text": "AURANGABAD: The rise in gold prices has seen a spurt in chain snatching cases in the city. Despite nakabandi and increase in police patrolling, gangs have struck at regular intervals.Of the 57 chain-snatching incidents in November, 34 were solved, while 23 remained undetected. Two gangs, led by Ganesh Bhalekar and Rahul Gaikwad, were involved in some of the incidents.The arrest of nine of the ten members of Ganesh Bhalekar gang, that was involved in as many as 12 cases of chain snatching, two house break-ins and two motorcycle thefts, has come as a boost for the city police.The Bhalekar gang was formed in Harsul central prison in 2011 when cousins Ganesh Sukhdev Bhalekar hailing from Buldhana district and Gajanan Madhukar Gaikwad were sent on judicial custody for an alleged theft committed in Deolgaonraja of Buldhana district.During their stay, Gorakh Raghunath Khadekar, Vijay Subhash Deshmane, Rajesh Sukhdev Mangle and Satish Baburao Naik hailing from Chikhli in Buldhana and Pappu Tandle of Beed, serving terms under various offences, befriended each other and decided to take to chain snatching since it was better paying.A goldsmith, Sachin Shahane, helped Pappu Tandle get bail and they in turn helped the rest. After being released on bail, the newly-formed gang hired a room in Garkheda area and used it as a hide-out.Arvind Chavaria, deputy commissioner of police (zone-II), said, \"My zone is among the most prone to chain snatching cases especially areas under the jurisdiction of Jawahar Nagar, Mukundwadi and Cidco police stations. Initially when we started studying the cases, we faced a difficulty - the accused did not have a set pattern and would strike at any time. Taking a serious note of the increase in the number of street crimes, commissioner of police Sanjay Kumar kept personally began monitoring them.\"He said that Baburao Kanje, a senior inspector attached to Satara police station, and his team solved 12 cases of chain snatching involving the Bhalekar gang.Kanje said the detention of Gorakh Raghunath Khadekar (24) and Satish Baburao Naik (20) led to the other members of their gang. Two experienced informers were sent to the village of the accused. They watched the gang's movements for 12 days and informed Kanje about the accused using a stolen vehicle to reach Aurangabad.On September 5, Kanje and his team tried to intercept two of the accused near Cambridge school, but they fled towards Beed bypass. But one of the accused, Vijay Subhash Deshmane (20) of Saraswati Nagar, Rautwadi, Chikhli, was caught when they slowed down at a traffic jam. While, the other, Kailash Janardhan Veer, fled.During interrogation sub-inspector Prakash Satgir found out that the one of their gang members was operating in Jalna and two others, Rajesh Sukhdev Mangle and Gajanan Madhukar Gaikwad, were operating in Ahmednagar. The accused were nabbed from Ahmednagar and a stolen vehicle was recovered from them.The accused also confessed to have committed various chain snatchings from the jurisdictions of Jawahar Nagar, Kranti Chowk, Mukundwadi, City Chowk, Jinsi and Cidco police stations. On the information collected from the arrested members of the gang, nine others were arrested and 150 grams of gold was recovered along with articles stolen in the two house break-in incidents and two stolen bikes were also seized. The loot amounted to Rs 5,62,700.Deputy commissioner of police (headquarter), Somnath Gharge, said, \"Dreaded criminals are using chain snatching as a short cut to making money. People having no earlier police record are also found to switching to this profession.\"\"After studying the modus operandi we found that the accused are striking in thinly populated areas using bikes with high-pickup and are targeting women above 40,\" he said.Talking about the problems faced in bringing the cases to their logical conclusions, Gharge said, \"There are many goldsmiths who readily purchase stolen gold. After the shape of the metal is changed it becomes difficult to solve the conclusion.\"He also said that on the directions of the CP, they have gathered the data of the accused who are on police record for committing street crimes in the last one decade. \"Our men are working really hard and I can say apart from the city police, the crime branch is doing its home work really well.\"Detection is comparatively good in Aurangabad as compared to cities like Nashik, Mumbai and Pune, feels Gharge.Assistant commissioner of police, Naresh Meghrajani, said, \"After all the 13 police stations are done with the interrogation of the accused gang, the gang will be taken on transit remand by other cities for solving chain snatching cases committed in their jurisdictions. Witnesses in such cases play an equally important role as that of the investigation officer.\"CP Sanjay Kumar who has been given all the credit for detecting the chain snatching cases, could not be reached for his comments in spite of multiple attempts.Fact file", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mysore/ mandya", "code": "17458919", "title": "Four of a family die in accident", "text": "MYSORE/ MANDYA: Four of a Mysore family, including a nine-month-old baby, were killed on the spot when their car collided head on with a truck near Karadya village in Nagamangala taluk of Mandya district on Sunday. Five others have been severely injured.The deceased are identified as Purushottam, 37, a resident of KG Koppalu in Mysore and a commercial tax officer working in Mandya district, his wife Shyamala, 32, and their nine-month-old baby Charvika, and his brother Shridhar, 32.The incident happened when Purushottam, along with relatives, had gone to Adichunchanagiri Mutt for a religious ceremony. The speeding Nagamangala-bound tanker hit the car when it was returning from a temple near Karadya village. Five others, who are seriously injured, are being treated at a private hospital in Mysore. Their condition is said to be critical.A case has been registered in Nagamangala rural station.2 Bangaloreans drown in canal; 1 body tracedTwo devotees drowned in Kabini canal near Kalale village, 40 km from here, on Sunday.The two__Veerendra Kumar,32, and Satish Kumar,33,__ from Chamarajpet in Bangalore, had come to Nanjudgud along with eight others after visiting Sabarimala. The incident took place this morning.While the body of Satish Kumar has been traced, the body of Veerendra Kumar is yet to found.Police have handed over the body of Satish Kumar to his relatives who came to the spot from Bangalore. The search for the body of Veerendra will continue on Monday.A case has been registered in Nanjangud Rural police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "17458848", "title": "Spiritual gathering in park brings residents closer", "text": "BRS Nagar: The municipal corporation park at BRS Nagar G Block witnessed a spiritual gathering as the resident organized a special path of Guru Granth Sahib in the park, on Sunday. The prayers were followed by a \"kirtan\" and \"langar\".Area resident Tavinder Singh Mago, one of the organizers, said all the residents came together to organize the function.\"Every one attended the 'path' with their family irrespective of their religion. This is a good beginning for the entire locality,\" said Mago.Prem Thapar said, \"It was a good plan to organize this gathering in the community park and invite all residents. Not only did people sit in the prayer, but they even participated in community service and enjoyed the auspicious 'langar'.\"Harpreet Singh , who came along with wife Preeti and two sons - Jashan and Jasman - appreciated the effort. \"Such events not only give a chance of knowing your neighbours better, but the children too learn to organize and enjoy the religious programmes.\"Children are generally glued to gadgets and games and these community gatherings can drive their interest in meaningful outdoor activities,\" said Jagjeet Singh Saini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17456365", "title": "Election Commission asked to raise hiring charges", "text": "VADODARA: Tour and travel operators from the city are up in arms this time around against the district administration's act of taking away their buses and cars ahead of the elections. The upset operators are protesting against the petty hiring charges paid to them by the government and vehicles being taken away arbitrarily. Wary of the election officials' actions, Baroda Tours and Travels Association (BTTA) has already written to the district collector and chief election officer (CEO) of Gujarat a fortnight ago.\"We are not against giving our vehicles to the election officials ahead of the polls. According to the law, we have to do it. But the government is not paying us decent hiring charges. We are being paid very low hiring charges per day and it would cause us losses in the peak season of marriages this month,\" said Siddique Gandhi, president of BTTA.Siddique claimed that the government is paying state transport (ST) buses far higher charges than the private luxury buses. \"We had made an application under the Right to Information (RTI) Act demanding figures of hiring charges paid to government and private buses. The reply reveals that while ST buses are paid Rs 8,000 per day the private luxury buses are paid just Rs 1,300 per day. Why are private operators paid so less?\" Gandhi said.He went on add that the administration pays charges of ST buses in advance but private operators are kept waiting for two months to clear their dues. The association is also unhappy over the arbitrary methods by which their vehicles are requisitioned. \"If they require buses or other vehicles, then they should plan it and tell us. The regional transport officer (RTO) too doesn't permit our buses to leave the state during the poll season. If they want vehicles for few days then why to requisition for weeks? Our business suffers losses,\" Gandhi told TOI.BTTA has about 350 registered operators in the city and according to Gandhi the administration has requisitioned 14 luxury buses as of now. He said that the numbers would go up in coming days. The BTTA members are planning to meet district collector on Monday again. \"I have not got any such representation from the travel and tour operators yet,\" district collector Vinod Rao said.Sources in the collectorate, however, said that the state home department decides hiring charges of private vehicles used during the polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17458295", "title": "Anxious moments for kin on Oslo verdict", "text": "HYDERABAD: With just a few hours left for an Oslo court to pronounce its verdict, incarcerated TCS software engineer V Chandrasekhar's family members are waiting anxiously for the outcome here. The software engineer and his wife Anupama were arrested for alleged ill-treatment of their seven-year-old son Sai Sriram. Their family members have even sent medical certificates issued by a city-based psychiatrist to Norway to substantiate their claims about the 'hyperactive' child.In the last couple of days, the anxious family members had knocked every possible door to get Chandrasekhar and Anupama released. As all their efforts failed, they have been left with no option, but to wait for the court verdict.Due to the ongoing turmoil in the family, Sriram had to miss his scheduled treatment on Saturday. Family members said the boy has been showing signs of indifference and mostly staying calm. According to family members, Sriram's mother used to take care of his health problems. Though there were initial apprehensions about how he might be treated at school after the issue came to light, the family members said so far there was no problem.\"Sriram has become dull in the past couple of days. He is asthmatic and has a neuro problem. He misses his mother. On Saturdays, Anupama used to take him to a psychiatrist, Dr Kalyan. This Saturday, he missed the appointment,'' Veerabahdra Rao, Anupama's father, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17457065", "title": "Man who brought calm to volatile HC set to be elevated", "text": "CHENNAI: Chief Justice M Y Eqbal's two and half-year stint at the helm of the Madras high court is set to end as the 61-year-old jurist from Jharkhand is likely to be elevated as judge of the Supreme Court.Justice Eqbal who assumed charge as chief justice here on June 11, 2010, will be remembered as a judge with a tough demeanor, a man whose verdicts suggested a blend of judicial activism with a sense of the pragmatic. In a memorable speech during the appointment of subordinate judicial officers in the state, Justice Eqbal urged entrants to the judiciary to be conscious of their position and conduct themselves accordingly. \"This is something like adopting a disciple to a mutt or ashram,\" he said, \"though your freedom is not totally curtailed, you have to avoid other social gatherings in order to avoid criticism.\"One of the judge's most well remembered rulings was against violators of building codes in the state. Despite three rounds of litigations before him, those who wanted their unauthorized buildings to be regularized could not earn a reprieve. Another acid test for him was the Samacheer Kalvi or the uniform syllabus, a plan put in motion by the DMK government and which the AIADMK regime had sought to reverse. His bench upheld its validity and thereby changed forever the way school children are taught in Tamil Nadu.N R Chandran, former advocate-general and senior advocate, says: \"Justice Eqbal is academically brilliant and sound in civil law. Though he appears unfriendly and does not participate during proceedings, he listens more than he speaks. Most of his judgments were confirmed by the Supreme Court. The first bench has been most receptive, with both the judges complementing each other like sruti and laya,\" he said.Chief Justice Eqbal also stayed the government bid to convert the hugely popular Anna Centenary Library into a children's hospital. He even ordered proper maintenance of the state-of-the art facility.It was judicial activism at its best when his bench took suo motu note of school student Shruthi's death when she fell through a gaping hole on the floor of the school bus. It ultimately resulted in the state government framing comprehensive guidelines to enhance the safety environment in schools.A ban on bus day processions by students of certain city colleges, indiscriminate quarrying in the Trisulam hills near the airport, police inaction on grave complaints such as rape, etc are some of the cases which underlined Chief Justice Eqbal's social outlook.His track record on the administrative side was equally noticeable. Fortunate to be at the helm to celebrate the sesquicentennial of the high court, Chief Justice Eqbal did full justice to the occasion. Though his promise to wipe out the 1.75 lakh pending motor accident claims cases and substantially reduce the 75,000 cheque bounce cases could not be achieved fully, the function was made memorable by the presence of President Pranab Mukherjee and Chief Minister Jayalalithaa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17460550", "title": "10 best tech paymasters of 2012", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17456764", "title": "Here kids learn to run a business", "text": "BANGALORE: The world runs on enterprise, and it's this spirit that's made all the difference between theoretical learning and practical experience for students of Mallya Aditi International School.These Grade 12 A level students don't just think up dream projects, they also start enterprises that make total business sense. The products are sold in school and outside too.What started as a project for the Cambridge International Exam's Young Enterprise Program six years ago has become the entrepreneurship club. Every year, the students set up an enterprise and run it like any corporate, complete with a CEO and functional heads. The entire class shares responsibility for the venture.The idea is to create products that require minimal venture capital but lots of innovative thinking. Says economics teacher Sateja Joshi who's kept the club alive over the years, \"When the programme ended, we continued with it because students enjoyed themselves so much.\"Products have ranged from school memorabilia, one-cup coffee bags, sparrow boxes and snacky crackers to websites and tree kits. The aim is to come up with innovative products, says Joshi, who monitors their progress. She does an internal audit, and the school finance department does a second one. Each class works out how it wants to deal with profits. A percentage is set aside for charity. \"When students use the services of teachers, they have to pay for it,\" points out Joshi.The 2011 batch created chips from khakra and sold it to the public. Yet, to be able to put it on the stands they needed a BBMP permit. In such instances, students go and get the clearances.This year, the class has been divided into two groups, with each creating an enterprise - Aditinerd and Treehouse. Aditinerd is a website that aims to make students' lives simpler. It has information on timetables, syllabus, question papers, notes from toppers, teachers and so on. It's exclusive to the school students.Treehouse puts the greenery back into Bangalore. Their product is a tree kit with a biodegradable cardboard pot loaded with seeds in fertile soil, a shovel and gloves. There are six trees to choose from.The school has held on to these product ideas and hopes students who created them will turn them into real enterprises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17457420", "title": "No respite from shivering cold in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: There was no respite from the shivering cold as mercury saw a dip for the second consecutive day on Sunday.Mount Abu and Churu remained the coldest areas in the state with a minimum temperature of 3.4 and 3.9 degrees Celsius respectively.The cold northerly winds have pulled down the early morning and night temperatures by a few notches, said the Met department which expects the trend to continue for the next few days.Many places in the state witnessed season's coldest day so far on Sunday as the minimum temperature hovered around 6-7 degrees.In Jaipur, the morning temperature was recorded at 9 degrees, almost 2 degrees below normal. Throughout the day, icy winds swept across the city with the afternoon temperature recorded at 24.6 degrees. With the onset of winter, the rush for woollen buying at the Tibetan market has increased manifold.In the state, Pilani was the coldest after Mount Abu and Churu at 5.5 degrees Celsius, followed by Bikaner at 7 and Sriganganagar 7.4 degrees.Chittorgarh, Jaisalmer were relatively warmer at 9.1 and 9.8 degrees while Jodhpur recorded a minimum temperature of 12.6 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17456392", "title": "BHEL retirees to draw plan against eviction", "text": "BHOPAL: The BHEL retired employees association would hold a \"sammelan\" (meeting) in the last week of December to chalk out the action plan they would adopt in case they are ousted from their homes. R Krishnan, BHEL (corporate) director-HR would also be invited for the meeting so that they can talk about their grievances face-to-face.Association chairperson J S Puri, taking to TOI, said, \"In spite of assuring us at the meeting on November 10, the management is still issuing notices to retired employees for eviction. Town administrator B K Singh has only given us verbal assurances that the notices are simply a formality and no action would be taken.\"Puri said he had spoken to Singh recently, who's on leave.He also clarified that they were not planning to approach the state human rights' commission anytime soon.The association has also alleged that in spite of two cases pending in the Madhya Pradesh high court since July, the management is yet to file any reply.\"Two cases have been filed against the management. One for curbing our medical facilities by March 2013 in case the houses aren't evicted and the other for issuing a notice that if anyone goes to the court against the management then action would be taken against the same,\" said Puri.\"Unless the corporate office replies to the petitions, no hearing can take place and we're running out of time as March 2013 is drawing close,\" he said.He also pointed out that approximately 1,300 houses are being occupied currently by officials from the police and civic body among others.\"Most of them do not pay rent or electricity charges. Their dues have gone up close to 14 lakh. Action against them should be taken in the public property (PP) court in BHEL and they should be evicted too as decided at the November 11 meeting,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17458893", "title": "Three inter-state dacoits arrested", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore district police on Saturday rounded up all the accused in the two-year-old serial dacoity cases reported in Krishna Raja Nagar, with the arrest of the remaining three accused.SP R Dileep told reporters that they had arrested four persons, including a woman, from Tamil Nadu and Kerala in April. KR Nagar police were on the lookout for the other three accused. Acting on a clue, the trio - Suresh, 36, Ayappa, 28, and Krishna, 40 -- were picked up from Tamil Nadu. They have admitted to robbing the inmates of three houses in December 2010.The gang of seven dacoits had entered the houses by breaking open their main doors using crowbars. Later, they robbed the inmates of their valuables and decamped in less than two hours.Mysore district police were successful in uncovering the operation of the inter-state dacoity gang in April with the arrest of four. The gang was wanted in 13 dacoity cases reported in Tamil Nadu (eight cases) and Karnataka (five cases -- three in KR Nagar police limits and two in Hassan district). Appreciating the efforts of KR Nagar police in nabbing the dacoits, the SP has announced a reward to the investigation team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17457137", "title": "Hope an IPL berth this year: Kevin O'Brien", "text": "NAGPUR: Almost 18 months after he smashed the fastest World Cup century to lead Ireland to an upset victory over England, the flamboyant power-hitter Kevin O'Brien on his recent visit to India discussed various issues and Ireland's India link. Excerpts...With what intention you came to India? Give us some details of your Indian visit?I was here in India for the last 10 days as I am brand ambassador for Education Ireland. There were 17 universities over from Ireland, speaking to students in Bangalore, Delhi and Mumbai. My duties on the trip, was to make people aware of Ireland, where it is, what the country can offer to students, and engage with the students and let them know what it is like to live in Ireland and what to expect.Who you admire the most in cricket?The person I most admire is Andrew Flintoff . When I was playing cricket in England in 2004-05 he was the best all-rounder in the world. I was lucky enough to see him train and play, up close and personal and it was a great privilege to witness what he did to be as good as he was.Of the current lot, which young Indian cricketer do you think is most promising?Virat Kohli is a great young player in the Indian team. He has so much talent and is a great batsman to watch. He is one for the future.Comment on your early days in Ireland and your association with Education in Ireland?Growing up in Ireland was great as a young child. I loved all sports and as I'm the youngest kid of 6 we used to play all sorts of games in the front and back garden of the house. I used to play football, hockey, cricket, rugby, tennis and also Gaelic football. I suppose I'm in a good position to talk to Indian students about living and growing up in Ireland and with my sporting background it helps a lot.You are a brand ambassador for Education Ireland. How much importance you give to studies and sports?Its huge. Doing as best as you can in school and college is a must. You always need something in case your plan A doesn't go well. I studied in Dublin before I started playing cricket professionally so I always have a plan B if I ever need it. I am currently looking to resume my studies next year and am talking to the universities in Ireland. In my opinion, Ireland has the best education system, and I would never consider studying anywhere else.After being overlooked in IPL last year, do you have any hopes this season?I was available for the auction but was overlooked in the previous edition. With a bit of luck at the auction this year, I'm hopeful that one of the franchises can remember what I have done in the last couple of years in international cricket and give me a chance.Which are the other sports you play apart from cricket?I love all sports, as I come from a sports mad family. I played senior league hockey for 10 years up to very recently at Railway Union Hockey Club and loved every minute of it. At one point I enjoyed playing hockey more than I did cricket, but that has since changed. I also love to play golf when ever I can and enjoy getting out on the course when we are touring and get a free day.We came to know, you like to read and cook? Is it true?I love all food and also love to cook myself. My favourite food would be Chinese or Thai. I am also an avid reader, mostly crime fiction and I am reading a lot of books.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17457119", "title": "Young authors win hearts", "text": "RANCHI: The 10-day-long National Book Fair that started on November 30 has become the favourite hang-out for school and college students.Girls and boys, apparently bored of vampires and werewolves, are now searching for their favourite books that are more realistic.Secretary of the book fair Chandra Bhushan said, \"Students are seen flipping through books which they connect with their lives, especially those written by young Indian authors.\"Books like 'Sorry for loving you' by Abhishek Agrawal, 'Love me in the end' by Sonia Kundra Singh, 'Take my heart please' by Gaurav Pandey and many other books written by young authors are selling like hot cakes.Chandra said, \"It all started with Chetan Bhagat who not just entertained the college students by writing on their lives but also inspires many other amateur writers for getting their works published.\"Reading these books is like reading one's own life, say the students. Krittika Gupta, a college student, said, \"The colleges in these books are like my colleges and the friends are like my own friends. While reading them, I feel like reading my personal diary.\" She added, \"The problems faced by the lead character of these books are like the problem faced by any college student and many times I get a solution to my problems in these books. Reading these books is much better than reading philosophies of life.\"Another reason for the students to buy these books is that they easily fit in their budget.Arpit Bansal, another college student, said, \"I love reading books but a book by foreign authors costs above Rs 500 which is not affordable for us. On the other hand, books by young Indian authors are not just entertaining but also very cheap. One book is available for Rs 100 and if I buy it here at the fair, it will cost only Rs 90.\"Apart from novels, books for competitive examination are also favourites among the students. Chandra Bhushan said, \"Every student nowadays is preparing for some or other competitive examination so the demand for books related to general knowledge, mathematics and analytical and logical reasoning is very high.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17458643", "title": "Pre-paid ambulance service at hospital", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Capital Hospital in the city is all set to have round-the-clock pre-paid ambulance service from Monday.A fleet of around 15 private ambulances will be available for patients at a designated place near the infectious diseases ward inside the hospital campus, hospital authorities said. The number of ambulances is likely to increase soon. Deputy chief medical officer Dr S N Swain said patients or their relatives can walk into the special counter that will stay open 24X7 and pay to hire an ambulance.Charges for places including Puri, Cuttack, different parts of Bhubaneswar and surrounding areas have been displayed prominently.\"Once the patients pay the fare, they will be given two copies of the money receipt. They have to handover a copy to the driver of on-the-queue ambulance,\" he said. The ambulance will wait for half-an-hour without charging any additional amount. The rates for transporting patients and bodies are different, he added.Hospital authorities asserted that the new move will eliminate harassment of patients by ambulance drivers. \"Earlier, the ambulances were charging exorbitant amounts,\" Swain said. The ambulances also refused to ferry patients during odd hours and to far of destinations. The new system will put an end to such practices as they can't refuse service, he added.Patients will be required to sign on the ambulance driver's slip that they were satisfied with the service. Only after production of the 'satisfied' feedback, the hospital will make payment to the driver of the vehicle. Hospital authorities said the move will also ensure safety of patients because the vehicle in which they travel will be recorded.Notably, the hospital has only three government ambulances in running condition. While just one vehicle is available to patients, mostly to shift those referred to SCB Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack, the other two are on standby for exigencies involving VIPs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17461119", "title": "Multi-crore fuel siphoning racket busted", "text": "MANGALORE: A multi-crore fuel siphoning racket has been busted by City Crime Branch (CCB) police with the arrest of six persons and seizure of five modified tankers on Sunday.Ashok, the kingpin owning seven tankers, was a tanker cleaner four years back. In four years, police say the accused has siphoned petrol and diesel worth Rs 7 crore. Each day the team used to siphon 110 litres of fuel, both diesel and petrol.The arrested are: UB Ashok (33) from Mani, Bantwal taluk; Sukumar (28) from Sampaje; Chidananda (21) from Madnoor, Puttur taluk; Kushalappa (25) from Alankaru, Puttur taluk; Uday Kumar (35) Hosanagar, Shimoga and CK Smikil (20), Kokkada, Belthangady taluk. Two more accused in this case are at large.Police Commissioner Manish Kharbikar said the accused siphoned fuel by creating a channel inside the tanker, which kept the diesel/petrol at required levels during dip stick check at the bunks. The accused used to remove the petroleum product inside the channels after unloading the stock at petrol bunks at their hide outs.All the modified tankers belong to prime accused Ashok. Of the total seven owned by him, police have seized five. The police also seized Rs 3 lakh which was offered as bribe to the CCB police. In total, the value of the seizure including tankers and the siphoned petrol is put at Rs 69.29 lakh.The arrest was carried out under the directions of Manish, DCP (law and order) Muthuraya and DCP (crime) Dharmayya by CCB inspector Venkatesh Prasanna and his team. The accused have been booked under Section 379 (theft), 406 (breach of trust), 420 (cheating) of IPC and also Section 8 and 9 of Anti Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17458362", "title": "Complaint against Chiranjeevi", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telugu Desam Party (TDP) and YSR Congress on Sunday petitioned to Speaker Nadendla Manohar against Union tourism minister Chiranjeevi for breach of privilege while addressing a press conference on the premises when the House was in session.Chiranjeevi had addressed a press conference on Saturday at the office of the Congress Legislature Party (CLP) on the premises of the Assembly in the backdrop of a bill on SC/ST sub-plan, which was moved in the House. He claimed to have championed the cause by urging the party high command on the bill even before his party PRP merged with the Congress.Crying foul at Chiranjeevi's gestures, legislators of TDP and YSR Congress demanded his apology. However, Chiranjeevi sought to clarify that he had taken the Speaker's permission before he addressed the press conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "17458752", "title": "Husband shaves off woman's head", "text": "MADIKERI: A man has allegedly shaved the head of his wife and sent her back to her native place as a punishment for not giving more dowry at Abburukatte extension in Somwarpet.The accused Shiva, an auto driver at Kusubur, allegedly shaved the head of his wife Asha, a native of Thanneeruhalla and threatened to kill her if she informs police.A hapless Asha, however, approached Somwarpet police. A case has been registered against four accused, including Asha's mother-in-law. Asha and Shiva, who got married 13 years ago, have two children. According to a complaint filed by Asha, Shiva, his mother Lakshmi, brother-in law Raju and his wife Shanthi used to harass her demanding more dowry despite giving 80 grams of gold during marriage.After Asha's parents, who are labourers, said they could not give more money, on November 29, Shiva accused her of having illegal affair and took Asha and her mother Leelavathi to a nearby temple. After shaving off her head, he forcibly took her ornaments and sent her back to her native village.Asha is now undergoing treatment at a hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17458513", "title": "Pyari photos pulled down at Nuakhai fest", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Pyari-Naveen rift struck a discordant note at Nuakhai festivities in Bhubaneswar on Sunday with festival organizers pulling down dissident BJD leader Pyarimohan Mohapatra's pictures from a photo exhibition at Adivasi ground.Just before noon, when a host of ministers were scheduled to arrive at the venue to attend the festivities, festival organizers were seen scrambling to remove a few big laminated photographs hung on makeshift walls, which featured Pyarimohan.In their haste to clear the photo exhibition of all signs of the Odisha Jan Morcha (OJM) founder, the organizers covered some of the photographs which they were unable to pull down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17461987", "title": "Women not 'fit to fly' dies at airport", "text": "INDORE: A woman who was refused to board a flight for not carrying a medical certificate died of a cardiac arrest at Devi Ahilyabai Holkar Airport.Shehnaz Bi, a 40-year-old women resident of Dewas, had to board a flight of Indigo Airlines (436-E) for Bangalore from Indore at 6.50 pm on November 30. Being a cardiac patient, Shehnaz was taken to airport by her family members but authorities of airlines refused the patient due to absence of 'Fit to fly' certificate required to board on flight.Vineet Recriwal, spokesperson of Indigo Airlines told media that Shehnaz had booked a ticket for a flight to Bangalore but she was not allowed to board the flight as she was not carrying the 'fit to fly' certificate from a registered doctor.According to the sources, though CISF personnel present at the airport tried arranging a medical certificate so that she can board other flights, Shehaz died from a stroke around 8.45 pm at airport premises. Authorities immediately rushed her to a nearby medical facility but she was declared as brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457826", "title": "Fake note accused dies in cop custody", "text": "MUMBAI: A 30-year-old youth, Rafiq Shaikh, who was arrested on Thursday for circulating counterfeit notes and sent to police custody, was found dead inside the lock-up in Dharavi on Sunday.Shaikh's family has said that he was tortured in the custody.On Sunday afternoon, investigating officer Irfan Shaikh found the accused unconscious. According to the police, Shaikh was immediately taken to Sion Hospital, where he was declared dead on arrival. The Dharavi police have said Shaikh died due to a heart attack. The body has been sent for a post-mortem. Deputy commissioner of police D kulkarni was unavailable for comments.Teenager hangs selfKetan Pashke (18) hanged himself in Borivli on Saturday. He had failed in his Std X exams three years ago. No suicide note was found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17457166", "title": "Museum to highlight gas victims' plight", "text": "BHOPAL: At a time when the value of Indian contemporary art is going through the roof, using simple collectables from gas affected families, victims organisation and oral history - 'Remember Bhopal Trust' (RBT) - is setting up a peoples' museum on wheels with each and every articles including pictures and voice samples and stuff used in various protests from the gas victims to chronicle the world's worst industrial disaster.The museum would travel across the country to sites of other local struggles from December 2013.Weaving the story of the gas tragedy in the museum is consulting curator Rama Lakshmi. \"At the heart of the issue is the fact that it is for the people to set-up the museum. Government has no moral authority to set up the museum as they were themselves a party to the gas disaster. We have refused to take corporate or government funding for the mueseum,\" said Lakshmi.Interestingly, the government too wants to build a memorial at the site, but some gas victim organisations have objected saying the government does not have the moral right to set up the memorial.\"It's an idea which did not court any controversy and all came on their own to support the cause,\" said RBT chairperson Suresh Melettukochy. Remarkably, gas activists Satinath Sarangi and Adbul Jabbar are both on the same page when it comes to the museum project.\"The museum is not just about the gas tragedy itself. It would not freeze memory to the night of tragedy. We are collecting items which narrate the journey and struggle of the victims,\" said Lakshmi.The collected items - 'Yaadgaar-e-nishani' collected by RBT includes the tangible objects donated by families of those who died due to the Bhopal gas leak of 1984.Once complete the museum - mounted on a large bus, would wheel across India for 12 months.\"We hope that the museum will help connect communities around ideas about environmental and social justice and energize local battles by communicating the Bhopal story,\" said Melettukochy. RBT is still raising funds and would launch a website for the same in the next few weeks.There is another goal too. It is a response to fears about official appropriation of memory by those with access and control over power and resources. For the people of the city who still wait for higher compensation, medical care, and toxic clean-up - at least there will be people's museum to reflect the failure of government and suffering of the people, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "saharsa", "code": "17457889", "title": "Nitish govt spoiling education system: Lalu Prasad", "text": "SAHARSA: In a scathing attack on chief minister Nitish Kumar, RJD supremo Lalu Prasad said the countdown for the end of NDA rule in Bihar has already begun, and it would acquire a further push when his party launched a systematic stir for overthrowing the most \"anti-people and corrupt government\" in the state.Lalu, addressing an impressive 'Parivartan' rally at Patel Maidan in Saharsa on Sunday, maintained that the people in the state were not only drawn out of the cocoon of servility and slavery but also became bold enough to do away with the denigrating practice of calling some people as \"maalik\" (masters) in the RJD regime. \"Was giving voice to you a fault that my government committed, for which you dislodged us from power,\" asked Lalu, while making a \"fresh bid\" to mend fences with the people.Taking a potshot at the NDA government led by Nitish Kumar, RJD supremo Lalu Prasad charged the government with spoiling the structure of the education system in the state and said while schoolchildren went to schools with slates in their hands in his regime, they now go to school with plates in their hands. \"I never bore any animosity towards any particular caste nor discriminated against and looked down upon anyone,\" Lalu said. He said his party always worked towards bringing social cohesiveness. Today, he said, corruption has seeped into the lowest rungs of the bureaucracy, and people have to shell out their hard-earned money to get even small things done.Among those present on the dais with Lalu included former union ministers Raghuvansh Prasad Singh, Jai Prakash Narain Yadav, state RJD chief Ramchandra Purbe, former minister Ashok Kumar Singh, Ram Kripal Yadav , MP and RJD leader in the council Ghulam Ghaus.I'm more popular than Nitish in Pakistan: LaluRidiculing Nitish Kumar for allegedly seeking publicity after his recent Pakistan visit, Lalu claimed that he is more popular in that country than Kumar. \"People and politicians in Pakistan still talk about me and my administrative capabilities,\" he said. \"My contributions as the railway minister is being effusively talked about in political circles in Pakistan even now,\" he said. -- PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457124", "title": "Barapullah Ph-II work to start in January", "text": "NEW DELHI: Work on Barapullah phase II is likely to start by January-end, with tenders being floated for the project on Sunday. The Rs 50-crore project, which will extend the elevated road to Aurobindo Marg, will have six additional loops, connecting Ashram, INA Market, Lala Lajpat Rai Marg and the DND flyway to the corridor.\"We've floated the tenders and expect the technical bids by December 20. We are expediting the entire process,\" said a senior official from PWD, which is undertaking the project. Officials said they planned to invite the financial bids by year-end.The project could be delayed as traffic cops have raised an objection on the proposed Barapullah loops near INA Market, which could trigger massive snarls on Aurobindo Marg. Traffic officials said they would not be able to give a no-objection certificate unless a solution was worked out.The current Barapullah road will be extended up to INA Market on Aurobindo Marg, part of which will be elevated and will then merge with the surface level on Aurobindo Marg.While there will be both exit from and entry to the elevated road from the INA Market side on the Aurobindo road carriageway from Sarojini Nagar towards AIIMS, there will be an additional elevated loop that will open into the opposite carriageway of Aurobindo Marg.A loop will allow commuters to access the elevated road from Thyagaraj Stadium and travel towards Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium and Sarai Kale Khan. Two loops will descend towards Lala Lajpat Rai Marg. Through one of the loops, those going towards CGO Complex from Sarai Kale Khan will get access to Lodhi Road over Silver Oak Park. The other will cater to commuters going towards Sanchar Bhawan, said officials.\"The elevated road will also provide connectivity with Ashram and DND via loops. A service lane for buses moving from Ring Road towards Sarai Kale Khan will help decongest Ring Road,\" added the official.A loop from the elevated road will descend towards Ring Road near Ashram and DND for those coming from Sarai Kale Khan side, and a second loop will ascend from Ashram towards Barapullah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bobbili", "code": "17458442", "title": "2 girls end lives over \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcharassment\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "BOBBILI: Two young women committed suicide in Bobbili mandal in Vizianagaram district on Sunday by jumping in front of a running train. Police said the women ended their lives due to harassment from their boss at the workplace.On receiving information from the railway employees, personnel from the Government Railway Police rushed to the Gunathota railway station area where they recovered the dismembered bodies. The victims have been identified as S Sunitha (22) and R Adilakshmi (19), both residents of Jagannadhapuram village in Bobbili mandal.A police official said the women resorted to the extreme step due to harassment from the manager of a wholesale shop at the Market Centre in Bobbili where the duo was working. Sources said the women left their homes on Saturday afternoon. The victims' parents were agriculture labourers. The railway police sent the bodies for a post-mortem. \"We have launched a preliminary investigation on the circumstances that led to their death,\" Bobbili circle inspector Rajeswara Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17457228", "title": "Railway Recruitment Board examinations conducted", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The examinations of Railway Recruitment Board were conducted successfully at 65 designated centres in the city on Sunday. A large number of candidates had arrived in the city to take the exams, and considerable crowding was reported from Allahabad railway junction where the candidates later assembled to return to their homes.The examination was conducted in two parts- The first session started at 9:30 am and continued till 11:30 am while the second session commenced at 2:30 pm and ended at 4:30 pm. Talking to TOI, RRB chairman Sanjeev Mathur informed that in the first session, about 49% of the 29,052 candidates appeared in the examination.In the second meeting, about 60,300 candidates were to appear in the examination, but the actual percentage of those present could not be tabulated till the filing of this report.The examination was conducted for selections to about 550 posts, which included that of assistant station masters, goods guards, traffic apprentice and commercial apprentice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17456893", "title": "Zoo employee beaten up", "text": "LUCKNOW: A first information report was registered at Hazratganj police by a Lucknow zoo employee who was reportedly beaten up by some persons on November 30. Nawab Ali, a resident of Digrah village in Mal area, was assaulted physically while on duty by some persons around 3.30 p.m.Ali was filling in for a colleague at the state museum on the zoo premises when two men accompanied by two women reportedly picked up a fight with him over purchase of tickets. Ali was allegedly slapped and assaulted by the group.According to sources, other employees gathered at the scene and overpowered the group. The matter was taken to zoo authorities who intervened and lodged a complaint with Hazratganj police on Sunday noon after preliminary inquiry.In the said incident, the main accused identified himself as a close friend of one of the zoo employees and ignored Ali's request to buy tickets before entering the museum. On being apprehended, he boasted of his connections with senior ministers and assaulted Ali. A case was registered under IPC section 332 on Sunday. Sources added the main accused was identified as A S Baigh from Mahmoodabad. \"We are working on the leads,\" said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17457376", "title": "Meet to debate quality of medical education in state", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Do we need more medical colleges in the state? Will the increasing number of medical colleges lead to poor quality of medical education? These are some of the topics that will be debated and discussed at the state conference of government medical college doctors on Monday.\"Apart from the existing 23 hospitals, the government is planning to start six more and at least 10 colleges are in the process of establishing themselves in the private sector.Hence, there is an urgent need for a debate on the quality of medical education, in view of the increasing number of colleges,\" said Dr K Mohanan, state president of Kerala Medical College Teacher's Association. The shortage of faculty has been a major cause of concern in the private medical colleges. Often, government medical college doctors are put on duty here for conducting examinations.Protesting against this practice, the government doctors had recently boycotted the examination duty.\"It is in this context that we are debating the issue, as more number of medical colleges should not be a burden on the doctors working in the government medical colleges,\" said Dr Mohanan. The recent results of the Kerala University of Health Sciences have proved that the medical colleges in the private sector are performing poorer than the government medical colleges. While all the five government medical colleges recorded a pass percentage above 90%, only two private medical colleges managed to cross this mark.Poorer were the results in dental colleges where, of the 22 colleges in the state, 15 recorded below 40 pass percentage and of this, six recorded below 20%. The discussion is being organized by KGMCTA as part of their state conference at Thirssur Medical College.Dr K Mohandas, vice-chancellor of Kerala University of Health Sciences, will inaugurate the discussion in which former vice-chancellor of Kerala university Dr B Ekbal will be a key panellist. Doctors from both private and government sector will take part in the discussion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17456456", "title": "Laughter yoga brings cheers among the special kids in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Laughter Club of Rotary Paul Harris School for the Mentally Challenged Children in Indore, being run by Rotary Club of Indore, is unique in its own way. Run on a regular basis for special kids, the laughter session has brought a lot of improvement in 60odd special kids, says Neeti Billore, the director of the school.It is very challenging to provide education to such children. The organization also imparts vocational training to help out children with their daily needs. for the daily needs of the children. It requires a lot of patience and devotion because each child needs individual attention.For the past one year, laughter yoga teachers like Radhika Bisht and Jagat Singh Bisht have been regularly conducting a laughter yoga session every Tuesday morning on the school premises. They have included laughter yoga in their curriculum and have a session earmarked for it everyday.\"This has given us a sense of fulfillment. If we have to choose one good work that we have ever done, this would be it,\" Radhika Bisht said.The members of Suniket Laughter Club and Chetana Laughter Club in the city regularly visit and spend time with the special children. They have developed special relations with them and donate for them generously on special occasions. The children also respond to them warmly.Excerpts of an interview of a laughter yoga teacher Jagat Singh Bisht _Why was the laughter club started among the special kids?We had gone to the school just to give a demo of laughter yoga but looking to the kids we thought we should give them more time. They need more love, affection and care. Many of them are deprived of all these from their childhood and suffer from depression and sadness. Laughter yoga provides them joy and happiness. Laughter Club gives them a continuous platform to exercise daily for good health, wellness and mental peace.What difference have you found among the special kids and the normal kids while responding to laughter sessions?The special kids are simple, more childlike and hungry for love and affection. If you laugh and play with them, they are all yours. They touch you, embrace you and love you. However, they are unable to do many of the exercises due to their physical and mental deficiencies. They cannot clap in rhythm and get diverted in exercises involving movement. They love value-based laughter in sitting position like appreciation laughter, forgiveness laughter, greeting laughter, guru laughter and fun based exercises like milkshake laughter, mobile laughter and lion laughter.What is the importance of the 03 December, on which falls the International Special Kids Day?A major focus of the Day is practical action that would help remove barriers that limit accessibility for and participation by persons with disabilities in all aspects of society and development. Plan and organize performances everywhere to showcase - and celebrate - the contributions made by persons with disabilities as agents of change and development in the communities in which they live. Observance of the Day provides opportunities for participation by all stakeholders - Governments, the UN system, civil society and organizations of persons with disabilities - to focus on issues related to the removal of barriers to create an inclusive and accessible society that would benefit all.What is the next, including tomorrow's event if any, that you are going to do among the special kids?No celebrations are planned for tomorrow due to national mourning because of sad demise of our former prime minister IK Gujral. We will continue our association with the school and the laughter club is instrumental in bringing joy and financial aid to the school from world laughter community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17459238", "title": "Pvt engg colleges told to shape up or shut shop", "text": "KOCHI: After the Kerala high court rap, the state government has decided to act on the issue of poor pass percentage in self-financing engineering colleges and given them three years to improve their performance or face closure.To begin with, the colleges will have to ensure 25% pass percentage this academic year and 30% next year. This was conveyed through a circular issued to engineering colleges by higher education department. \"The government is concerned about the quality of education in self-financing colleges and wants to improve the pass percentage in these colleges. If a college fails to meet the target of 25% pass percentage this academic year and 30% next year, then they will not be allowed to introduce new courses or increase the student in-take,\" said higher education department additional secretary M Sherif.The circular came after the Kerala high court recently observed that self-financing engineering colleges where pass percentage was less than 40% should be closed down and students of such underperforming colleges shifted to other institutions.However, fearing that immediate implementation of 40% pass percentage this academic year would lead to closure of almost 70% of self-financing engineering colleges, the government decided on a phased plan, sources said. \"The government order doesn't have any legal standing. Though we would also like to improve our pass percentage, with the quality of students we get now this is not possible till the affiliating university, which decides on the engineering syllabus, decides to introduce simpler syllabus,\" said KSFECMA president A Younus Kunju.Already, self-financing colleges in an effort to improve the quality of teachers are conducting seminars with IIT faculty. Realising that students from Malayalam medium schools have a problem coping up with English as the language of instruction, they have started special coaching for such students. \"We have also decided to strictly follow the 70% compulsory attendance rule. If students don't meet the requirement, then they won't be allowed to sit for the exams from this academic year,\" Kunju said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17458734", "title": "A 'Pied Piper' at craft mela", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you visit the fourth Chandigarh National Craft Mela, there is a chance you may come across something that makes you believe that craft can create magic. One such exhibit, tiny and simple compared to many others, is attracting visitors with the sheer power of its sound, quite like the \"Pied Piper\" took the rats out of the town.At Kalagram, Chhattisgarh's Butlu Ram is the piper, with an innovative flute in his hand that doesn't require expertise to produce melodies. It doesn't even need to be blown as skillfully as the original flute. What Butlu Ram has created from the same bamboo is a \"hand flute\", he says, explaining how it plays tunes on its own, as one turns it in clockwise and anti-clockwise directions.If you visit the fourth Chandigarh National Craft Mela, there is a chance you may come across something that makes you believe that craft can create magic. One such exhibit, tiny and simple compared to many others, is attracting visitors with the sheer power of its sound, quite like the \"Pied Piper\" took the rats out of the town. It might be a curious sight for city fair visitors, but Butlu is just carrying his ancestral legacy forward by making these special flutes for the layman. \"My ancestors had been making this and now I have taken charge. We insert three washers in such a way that the flute can be rotated in both the directions, while it creates music. We carve the flute from outside,\" he adds.Apart from the hand flute, Butlu has also brought a beautifully carved artwork on a dried bottle gourd. The one of its kind art piece has been drawing the attention of people who can not do away with the idea of keeping it as a showpiece at home. \"We wait for six months for the bottle gourd to become dry and hard and hollow it up from the middle. Then we carve the outer surface to create lasting designs,\" he says.Sector 49 resident Anita Singla said she had never seen such a hand flute in her life and decided to purchase it almost immediately after she noticed it.\"The Indian craftsmen's talent is beyond imagination. Items like this flute and the bottle gourd art piece are an instant example of the excellence of tribal art,\" said Inderpreet Singh of Sector 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17456403", "title": "I-T search on builders across state concludes", "text": "INDORE: The recent income tax department's raids at builders' premises have yielded a host of incriminating documents. The state-wide search operations that began on Friday, concluded on late Saturday night, said sources familiar with the development.Though the official details of the raids are yet to come out, it is likely to be disclosed after the interrogations of the realtors whose premises were surveyed by the department sleuths.The three real estate firms where the raids were conducted have their headquarters at Bhopal and branches spread across the state including those in Indore and Bhopal. The searches on the premises of the realtors were conducted by the investigation wing of the department. The firms include Soumya, Fortune and IBD Universal.A host of incriminating documents have been found, sources said, during the search operations that were conducted at around 40 premises of the builders including 230 premises in Bhopal and Indore. A team of nearly 325 officials of the department conducted the searches.Some of the aspects being investigated by the I-T department officials include earned money, unaccounted components into the agreements and the ratio deals. The officials are expected to contact the buyers of the properties as well later, said the source.Airen Tower in Bhopal developed by Nigam and Indus Satellite company of IBD group in Indore has also been probed. Summons is likely to be issued against the developers of the properties, Surana and Dagaria, source claimed.It has been found during the search operations that the builders sell the properties in two parts including white money and black money in their bid to evade stamp duty and taxes. \"We are trying to find from our intelligence and the buyers of the properties what kind of break-up of white and black money was involved in the transaction,\" said an official of the department, requesting anonymity. All the premises, that were searched, have been sealed under prohibitory orders (POs), post raids, he added.Meanwhile, the directors and partners in the Indore-based real estate firms whose premises had been surveyed, Mohammad Khambati, Saifuddin Khambati, Ishwar Chandra Makhija, Abdulla Khambati, Mustafa Khambati and Shailendra Mishra, may appear before the department for questioning next week, the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17456801", "title": "Man's lonely battle against cooperatives department injustice", "text": "NAGPUR: As hunger strikes became popular with Anna Hazare , this person used it as a means to prove his point before the department of cooperatives. After camping alone for six days in front of the office's gate on Amravati Road, Nishikant Gulkari called off the strike. He claims it was following an assurance by independent MLA from Achalpur Bacchu Kadu to take up the case during the winter session.A medical check-up on Sunday revealed that he needed hospitalization which Gulkari refused. Kadu confirmed that his associates had met him though he had called on him personally.Gulkari is demanding action against deputy district registrar (DDR) of cooperatives Gautam Walde. He accuses Walde of wrongly withholding the registration of a garment makers' cooperative society under the backward class category. Such cooperatives are entitled to a capital assistance of up to 95% of the project cost from the government. Versions from Gulkari as well as the department indicate that both are sticking to their interpretation of a circular issued concerning registration of such cooperatives.Walde told TOI, a circular issued on January 24 laid down certain parameters for registering cooperatives. But a subsequent order stayed it till further decision. \"This meant that no society could be registered under the backward class category till a fresh order specifying the parameters was issued,\" said Walde.The January 24 order also indicates government being concerned about the large number of societies being formed only to be shut down later. It mentions that there are several applications pending owing to the fact that the societies are entitled to sizeable monetary benefits. Henceforth, registration should be allowed only after due diligence over the business' feasibility. A subsequent order on March 6 stayed this circular till further decision.Gulkari, on the other hand, contends that the January 24 order being stayed means that the department should revert to the old process when the society could be registered on the basis of a simple application.Had Walde processed the case in November 2011 when the application was initially put up, the question of the January 24 circular would not have come up, he said, accusing the officer of demanding gratification.According to Gulkari, Walde misguided him, saying that it needed permission from the department of social welfare from where he was reverted to department of cooperatives saying that no such approval was required. He said that the clarification in March had opened registration of societies in rest of the state but could not come up with a proof.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17457193", "title": "Army pilots pass out with flying colours", "text": "ALLAHABAD: An impressive valedictory function was held at the Basic Flying Training School (BFTS) Air Force Station Bamrauli Allahabad to mark the successful completion of training in flying to 24 Army aviators of 190 Army Pilots Course ( APC ).Public relation officer (Defence) Wing Commander B B Pande informed that Air Marshal Jasvinder Chauhan, Ati Vishist Seva Medal, Vishist Seva Medal Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Central Air Command was the reviewing officer for the valedictory function. He was received by Wg Cdr V Mahajan Commanding Officer of BFTS, a graduate of defence service staff college, Wellington and is a qualified flying instructor. He is a graduate of Defence Service Staff College, Wellington and is a qualified flying instructor. The budding aviators joined the course at this prestigious school on July 2 and has since undergone rigorous flying and ground training during the past five months. Basic Flying, training School was established on December 16, 1987 and will be celebrating its 26 th year of service to the nation.Air Marshal Chauhan took over as Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief, CAC, on June 1. A highly experienced fighter pilot, he has experience of over 3,500 hours of flying on various types of fighter, helicopter and trainer aircraft. During his 37 years long career, he has commanded a front line fighter squadron, an air defence direction centre and a premium fighter Air Force base.During the valedictory function, air marshal Chauhan presented certificates to graduating officers and trophies to those who excelled during the course of training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "17458867", "title": "BJP holds Congress responsible for empty coffers", "text": "SIRSA: BJP president Nitin Gadkari accused Congress president Sonia Gandhi of \"letting the government loot the nation.\" Addressing a rally organized by the Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC) in Sirsa on Sunday, Gadkari alleged that more than Rs 25,000 crore was looted during the Congress regime in various scams like the coal scam, 2G spectrum scam and land scam.He said Sonia Gandhi had fallen short of public expectations by focusing more on her son Rahul Gandhi's political future than the country. Senior BJP leader Sushma Swaraj was also present at the rally, organised to mark the completion of five years of the Haryana Janhit Congress in the state. Sushma Swaraj took on the government for rising crime against women.\"With incidents of rape on the rise in Haryana, I don't think the state is safe for women anymore. The congress government of Haryana has failed to maintain law and order,\" said Swaraj.According to HJC chief Kuldeep Bishnoi , \"It's not the Congress alone which has allowed goons to roam free in the state but the Indian National Lok Dal has also always looked the other way and let crime take root in Haryana,\" said Bishnoi. The rally was held shortly after a clash between Dera Sacha Sauda followers and Sikhs left seven people injured on November 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17458823", "title": "Spouse, in-laws booked for woman's 'murder'", "text": "LUDHIANA: The body of a woman who died under mysterious circumstances was found hanging from a ceiling fan in her house at Adarsh Nagar on Sunday. However a case of dowry death has been registered against her husband and in-laws.According to information given by the police, Sandeep Kaur, 28, the deceased was married to Puneet Pal Singh in 2010. They further informed that a case has been registered against the accused on the statement of Kulwant Singh, father of the deceased, who is a resident of Mohali.Kulwant, in his complaint made to the police alleged that his daughter was not happy in her married life as her in-laws used to torture her physically as well as mentally for dowry. He alleged that his daughter did not commit suicide and that it were her in-laws who murdered her. He charged that they had just cooked up the story of Sandeep having committed suicide to save themselves.Meanwhile, police have arrested Puneet, the husband of the victim. However, the other accused, Gurmel Singh, the father in-law of the deceased and Satwinder Kaur, her mother in-law are still at large.Gurveer Singh, station house officer of the PAU police station informed that Puneet Pal in his statement to the police claimed that he was at work when his wife allegedly hanged herself. He added that his wife was alone at home when the incident happened as his mother and father had gone to the nearby market, while their maid was in a park along with their ten-month-old son.The incident came to light when Sandeep's in-laws, on reaching the market realised that Satwinder Kaur had left her purse at home. When they reached home and called out for Sandeep, they did not get any response. Worried, they broke open the door, only to find that Sandeep was hanging from the ceiling fan of her bedroom. They brought her down and rushed her to a hospital, where the doctors declared her brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17456795", "title": "Vidarbha Economic Development Council demands national pharma institute in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Looking at the rapid developments in the pharmaceutical sector, Vidarbha Economic Development Council (VED) has asked the state government to set up a national pharmaceutical institute in the city. The council wants the state government to put up a proposal for a National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research (NIPER) at Nagpur before the central government. They are also seeking support from the people for this, so that the debacles for National School of Law and Indian Institute of Information Technology are not repeated.NIPER is an undertaking of the Government of India's department of pharmaceuticals, ministry of chemicals and fertilizers. It was set up to be a centre of excellence with regards to advanced studies and research in pharmaceutical sciences, like the Indian Institutes of Technology, Indian Institutes of Management and All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) are for engineering, management and medicine respectively. Currently, there are seven NIPERs at Mohali (Punjab), Ahmadabad (Gujarat), Hajipur ( Bihar ), Hyderabad ( Andhra Pradesh ), Kolkata ( West Bengal ), Rae Bareli (Uttar Pradesh) and Guwahati ( Assam ).\"It would be good to have one of the pivotal global institutions in the field of higher education and research in pharmaceutical sciences in the city. It will also be able to provide skilled manpower for the Indian pharmaceuticals industry,\" said secretary of VED Rahul Upganlawar. He added that in the last winter session education minister Rajesh Tope had promised that if such an institute comes up in Maharashtra, Nagpur would be his first choice for setting it up.VED president Devendra Parikh added that VED had given a presentation to the minister last year where they discussed benefits of having such institutes in the state. \"He loved the idea. However, it was sad and unjust that two of the institutes that we spoke to him about, namely the law school and IIIT, will now be coming up at Pune. We are trying to bring the institute to Nagpur with the aim of developing the city as a hub of higher education,\" he said. He also stressed the fact that for attaining this goal, the support of the people and the politicians of the region is very important.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17456863", "title": "Municipal Corporationwants rate analysis from Vivekananda memorial bidders", "text": "NAGPUR: In a twist, Nagpur Municipal Corporation has asked the bidders for Swami Vivekananda memorial near Ambazari, the ambitious project being pushed by chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari, to submit rate analysis for their final costs quoted. The move has fuelled anguish among couple of sculptors.NMC opened the price bids on Saturday. Sources told TOI that the officials concerned sent email to the three bidding sculptors on Saturday late evening. \"NMC asked for rate analysis from the sculptors. All three of them had submitted estimated rates of the statue in initial stage of tendering process. Now, the officials want reason from them about the difference between the earlier estimation and final bid,\" the sources said.According to the information available from the NMC, Indore-based Mahendra Kodwani emerged the lowest bidder by quoting 15% below Rs 85 lakh that he had submitted earlier. Similarly, city-based Hirachand Vikamshi, who had earlier submitted the estimated of Rs 1 crore submitted final bid 1% below that amount. Padma Shri awardee Ram Sutar who had earlier estimated cost at Rs 82 lakh has now quoted 15% above that amount.Expressing shock over the latest move of the NMC, Kodwani said he was surprised at daily new happenings in the tendering process.\"I am working in seven states and a number of municipal corporations like Mumbai, Pune, Kalyan, Indore, Chandigarh, Bhopal etc for last many years. I have never seen such tendering process. The price bid is considered final. The NMC is making the tendering process very suspicious. NMC itself has given me two earlier works orders. One of them was given at 22% below the estimated cost. I was not asked for any rate analysis at that time, so why now? The NMC has also not paid me full amount and security deposit despite handing over the statue a year ago,\" he said.Kodwani added that the NMC should be concerned about quality of work. \"There are several conditions in the tenders to hold us accountable in case of any problems with the quality. All these new conditions are just distractions,\" he said.A senior NMC contractor told TOI that the rate analysis was usually asked for if the bids received 25% above or more. \"Municipal commissioner gave verbal orders recently to ask bank guarantee from the contractors who quote beyond 15% below of the estimated cost but it may not be applicable for those up to 15% below,\" he said. Insiders say tendering process may see further twists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "17456493", "title": "Youths pose as constables, seize ten sovereigns of gold from elderly woman", "text": "ERODE: Three unidentified youths, who posed as police constables, cheated a 64-year-old retired school head mistress in Erode of her gold chains weighing more than 10 sovereigns.Police said on Sunday Deivani Ammal was waiting at the bus stop close to the district police superintendent office. Three youngsters on a bike approached her and introduced themselves as police constables.They warned her that a tense situation was prevailing in the city and that it would be advisable to keep her ornaments in her purse. Deivani immediately removed her two gold chains and put them in her purse.The three youths offered to help her wrap the gold chains in paper before putting it in the purse.Deivani gave the purse with the gold. The men took out the gold and pretended that they were covering the ornaments in paper. They returned the purse and fled the scene. When Deivani opened the purse, she found some pebbles wrapped in paper.A case has been registered and the Erode police is investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "17457655", "title": "Woman beaten to death", "text": "SONIPAT: A woman was beaten to death and her two sons injured when five youths attacked them at their residence in Murthal village on Friday midnight. The main accused had allegedly been stalking the daughter of the victim leading to a brawl.While Anaro Devi, 52, died in local civil hospital on Saturday, her two young sons Devender Kumar and Narender Kumar have suffered multiple injuries and are undergoing treatment.The police on Sunday arrested three of the assailants, including the main accused Sonu, while two others are still absconding. The police said that Sonu, 25, resident of Lakhu Bawana village had been living with his maternal uncle in Murthal village where he also ran a shop. He reportedly teased a girl in the neighbourhood and when the girl's family objected to his behaviour, he fought with her family.The girl's family had lodged a police complaint in the past. \"But when the investigation started, they agreed upon a compromise and the complaint was withdrawn,\" said SHO Veerbhan Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17457585", "title": "Youths on motorcycle fire at restaurant", "text": "PUNE: Two unidentified youths on a motorcycle opened fire at the crowded Prithvi restaurant on Karve road around 3 pm on Sunday before fleeing. Fortunately, no one was injured in the firing. Of the two bullets fired, one hit a glass panel behind the cash counter while the other hit the ceiling.Prithvi restaurant, owned by Karunakar Shetty, is located near Dahanukar colony. A police inspector, who was taking lunch at the restaurant when the firing took place, rushed out and tried to chase the youths. However, they fled in the direction of Gosavi vasti, said inspector S B Navale of the Kothrud police station.The police suspect the involvement of a criminal who recently opened fire on a builder's house in Mahatma society and then attempted to extort money from him.Padmakar Shetty, manager of Prithvi restaurant, who lodged the complaint, told TOI: \"There were around 100 people in the restaurant around 3 pm. I was standing near the counter when I heard a sound like a gunshot. The next I knew, a bullet had hit the glass panel behind the counter. I saw another bullet lodged in the ceiling. When I looked out of the window, I saw two men speeding off on their motorcycle.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17456882", "title": "Sunday crowd lifts traders' spirits", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sunday turned out to be a perfect day for traders and craftsmen at the Lucknow Mahotsav. Being the first Sunday, the Mahotsav saw large crowds and spelt an excellent day at work for traders.Avi, a shopkeeper at the Mahotsav said the total number of visitors who attended the fest during the week where almost equal to the footfall on Sunday. \"Today is the only day when we have seen so much rush. Till now, it was dull and sales were low,\" she said. Since it is the beginning of the month, people are more willing to spend extra.Some visitors were disappointed as they had to wait for hours to purchase tickets. Chhavi Bhagwani, a working professional said, \"I wasted a lot of time waiting in the queue. Had I known, I would have purchased the tickets from the other venue.\" Some visitors also complained about the poor seating arrangement. \"The organiser should arrange for chairs for the elderly and children,\" said Rashmi Yadav, a housewife.All was not good, though, for everyone who visited. Amid complaints of poor management, some visitors also alleged some tickets bearing the same serial numbers which were being sold to visitors sparking rumours of foul play in the sale of tickets. When asked to comment, District Magistrate Anurag Yadav denied the charges saying he would have the matter investigated if people gave him the serial numbers.In another development, visitors complained that the costs of joyrides were not mentioned on the tickets as a result of which shopkeepers did not charge a uniform price. Reacting to this allegation, Yadav said, \"We will look into the matter and ensure that labels are there on tickets.\"Meanwhile, traffic bottlenecks continued to give residents of Bangla Bazar a difficult time. \"I was stuck for more than half an hour in the traffic jam along the Bangla Bazaar area when I was trying to get home,\" said Rajesh Arora, a resident of Aashiana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457728", "title": "Saving grace: Scope for project graft narrowed", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government is set to clip the wings of the corruption-riddled irrigation development corporations. Though the white paper on irrigation has skirted the issue of corruption, it has proposed mechanisms to curb irregularities.The financial powers granted to five irrigation development corporations that are under the scanner over corruption are set to be curbed. The executive bodies of these corporations are under a barrage of allegations of abuse of power. As a result of financial indiscipline by the corporations, projects worth Rs 1.31 lakh crore were taken up though the irrigation budget is Rs 7,500 crore (the project amount is many times the budget even when implementation time is considered). The CAG report for 2010-2011 pulled up some of the corporations for giving undue favours to contractors in the form of mobilization and machinery advances.The white paper says the state government's permission will be mandatory for the corporations to finalize liabilities for a financial year. A rider that the total work of these liabilities cannot exceed three times the budgetary funds set aside for each is proposed. Prior permission from the government will be mandatory for proposals involving change in scope of project work. To rein in unjust cost escalations, a new condition requiring technical sanction from the Maharashtra Water Resources Regulatory Authority for initial and revised cost approvals for a project has been proposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17457096", "title": "Cauvery row back in SC, pleas to be heard today", "text": "CHENNAI: As the Supreme Court is set to hear petitions on release of Cauvery waters from Karnataka reservoirs on Monday, it is an anxious time for Tamil Nadu desperately trying to salvage the standing crops in an area of 14.93 lakh acres in the Cauvery basin. In its submission on Saturday, the state had prayed the apex court to direct Karnataka to make good atleast the 30 tmcft of shortfall during the first fortnight of December.The court had earlier on Friday told Tamil Nadu to submit its requirement of water on Saturday, after the talks failed between chief minister J Jayalalithaa and her Karnataka counterpart Jagadish Shettar in Bangalore.Poor north-east monsoon coupled with Karanataka's rigid stand not to release water from its four reservoirs to Tamil Nadu, had farmers of Tamil Nadu worried about the withering crops. During last week, a debt-ridden farmer, Rajangam of Kizhvelur in Nagapattinam district committed suicide, while Selvaraj of Magizhi village in the same district hanged himself.The present storage of 7 tmcft in Mettur is unable to support the standing crops and the state needs another 65 days of supply for irrigation purposes. In its petition, Tamil Nadu disputed Karnataka's claims that the latter required 78tmcft for its standing crops. \"It is highly inflated,\" it said, while arguing that the kharif crop period in Karnataka was already over and hence there could not be any water requirement for that crop. \"Unless it has gone for the second rabi crop, there cannot be any crop water demand. While Tamil Nadu is suffering to salvage even a single Samba crop, the claim made by Karnataka either for the second Rabi crop or for the crops in new areas is wholly unjustified,\" the petition contended.Karnataka's claims regarding drinking water supply including the requirement of Bangalore as 23 tmcft was also inflated, the petition argued. The Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal in its final order assessed the annual requirement of domestic water for the entire Cauvery basin of Karnataka as 17.2 tmcft including the requirement of Bangalore. Of the total requirement of drinking water, 50% is to be met from the ground water and the balance 50% only from the surface water, which is 8.75 TMC in a year. Thus the drinking water requirement for the period (6 months) December 2012 to May 2013, from the surface water is only 4.4 tmcft. The claim of 23 tmcft from December to May was a highly exaggerated claim and not realistic.Farmers said that their hopes now hinge on the Supreme Court. Says Arupathy Kalyanam, general secretary of the Federation of Farmers Associations (Cauvery delta districts): \"The delay in getting water entails huge financial loss to the farmers of Tamil Nadu, and this is a national loss too. The rice production will be in jeopardy,\" he said. \"The upper riparian state should not be allowed to control over the water release and Tamil Nadu should no longer be considered a drainage channel by the neighbor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17458451", "title": "Puppy hugs ease stress in students", "text": "NEW YORK: Stressed out college students may just need a puppy to cuddle - and one Canadian University is providing a roomful of the little canines for its pupils.Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, will open a \"puppy room\" to students cramming for finals. \"Stressed from exams? Come take a break from studying and exams and play with a dog!\" a flyer posted on the student union's Facebook page reads. \"Yup, it's a room full of puppies,\" the poster reads.The therapy has been an instant hit, garnering over 1,300 likes and 2,000 shares ever-since it was announced, the 'New York Daily News' reported.\"Thank You Universe... Everything is going to officially be okay,\" George Woodhouse wrote on Facebook. \"Nothing brings stressed out university students together like the promise of puppy cuddles!\" Bethany Ingraham commented. The pups come courtesy of Therapeutic Paws of Canada , an organization that uses dogs as a cuddly alternative to antidepressant Prozac medicine.However, the success of the puppy room will likely present its own challenge. \"What's going to be ironic is the level of stress trying to get into this room with its popularity and all...\" Facebook user David Foster said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17461761", "title": "BCCI seeks MCA explanation on protocol breach", "text": "MUMBAI: The BCCI has sought an explanation from the Mumbai Cricket Association for hosting England's Performance Programme squad's practice session at its D Y Patil Sports Academy in Navi Mumbai without seeking the parent body's permission.The BCCI has also written a letter to the England and Wales Cricket Board asking why they did not follow the correct protocol of asking its permission to have ECB's second-string squad practising in India, it was learned.\"The Board has written a letter to us asking for an explanation on the issue and we have forwarded that to Mr Vijay Patil (boss of the D Y Patil Academy) asking him to reply last week. We will forward his reply to the BCCI. It's a question of not following the proper protocol,\" said MCA president Ravi Savant on Monday.Patil is, incidentally, a vice president of the MCA. It has also been learned from other quarters that the miffed BCCI has raised the issue with the ECB and has also got a reply from the latter, but whether the England board has apologised for not following the protocol is not known.What has raised the concern of the Board is that a few members of the England Test squad, notably injured fast bowler Steven Finn and Joe Root, had gone and practised at the D Y Patil Stadium even as the ECB had sought and demanded tight security for their squad members, who are involved in a four-Test series against the host country's team.Finn has not been seen in action in the two Tests that have been played so far.He picked up a thigh injury in the tourists' opening warm-up game in the Cricket Club of India where he bowled just 10 overs before limping off and was not fit for selection for the first two Tests in Ahmedabad and Mumbai.Finn bowled in the second-string squad's game against the academy team last week and picked up four wickets for 50 while Root, considered as the third opener in the Test squad, scored a century and was impressed with the fast bowler's return to fitness.\"He (Finn) bowled fantastically well, and got some wickets and good overs under his belt. I think he's pretty happy with where he's now, and it will be interesting to see how things go over the next three days in training,\" he was quoted of saying in the ECB website ahead of the third Test at Kolkata starting in two days' time.Stuart Meaker, brought in as cover for Finn, and Graham Onions, two other members of the Test party, also played in the game against D Y Patil Academy XI.Also in the EPP team are Danny Briggs, who has been included in both the ODI and T20 squads, Jos Butler and Jade Dernbach who are in the T20 squad.All of them are gaining valuable practice much ahead of the T20 series to be held in Pune and Mumbai on December 20 and 22 followed by the five-match ODIs commencing on January 11, 2013 at Rajkot.Meanwhile, the EPP squad members are scheduled to play one more practice game, commencing on Monday at the DY Patil Stadium before moving on to Pune to play three limited over matches against the visiting Netherlands outfit at the Poona Club on December 13, 14 and 16.On another front, the ICC had issued a media release on November 27 about the Netherlands' team's programme in India which included matches against the EPP squad.\"The Netherlands cricket team has arrived in Dubai for a month-long tour of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and India. One of the top ranked Associate Member (AM) countries, the Netherlands is training at the world-class facilities in Dubai of the ICC Global Cricket Academy (ICC GCA) in preparation for three one-day matches against UAE teams before travelling to India, where it will play three matches against the England Performance Programme Squad and two against a Mumbai XI,\" said the ICC release.\"Netherlands receives assistance from the ICC's dedicated High Performance Programme (HPP), which provides targeted support to high performing AMs. The side is planning ahead for an important year of international cricket.\"Netherlands will take on fellow AM Namibia in round five of the Pepsi ICC World Cricket League (WCL) Championship and the ICC Intercontinental Cup 2011-2013 in April 2013, before taking part in the ICC World Twenty20 Qualifier in November,\" the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17459206", "title": "Water supply from Aluva disrupted on fourth day", "text": "KOCHI: There seems to be no end to the drinking water woes of Kochi with supply from the Aluva pump house disrupted for the fourth day. The salinity in the Periyar river has gone up again on Saturday night. Supply was disrupted from 4.15am to 7.15am on Sunday after pumping ceased from Muppathadam pump house.According to Kerala Water Authority officials, the maximum saline content on Sunday stood at 300 parts per million (ppm) against 900ppm on Saturday. They said the saline level has come down after releasing additional quantity of water from the Bhoothathankettu dam.KWA chief engineer A K Ramani said saline water enters the river during the high tide. The issue can be solved once the temporary bund at Purapallikkavu gets ready which is expected to become functional by Tuesday.Due to the disruption of pumping from Aluva, the total shortage of water for the last four days was 165-180 million liters per day (MLD). While the shortage on the first day (Thursday) was 25-30MLD, it stood at a maximum of 50-60MLD on Friday. The supply shortage on Saturday and Sunday was 50MLD and 25-30 MLD, respectively.Though the salinity level near Aluva pump house almost reached normalcy, pumping from Muppathadam has been hit since Saturday due to salinity.An official with KWA said it was the first time that pumping from Muppathadam pump house, from where 15 million litters per day (MLD), was disrupted. \"We could not resume pumping till 5.30pm on Sunday,\" said the official.The disruption of pumping from the station hit areas such as Kadangallur, Alangad and Karumallor.Kochi: There seems to be no much improvement in the drinking water scarcity in the city with pumping from the Aluva pump house disrupted for the fourth day on Sunday with salinity level in the Periyar River going up again in the night. It disrupted from 4.15am to 7.15 am on the day.The maximum level of saline content on the day was 300 parts per million (ppm) on Sunday against 900ppm on Saturday, according to officials of the Kerala Water Authority. It said that saline level has been coming down since the releasing of additional quantity of water from the Bhoothathankettu dam. \"The saline content in the river has come down tremendously since additional water released. If more water is released, the saline level can be reduced further,\" said an official with water authority.\"Saline water enters the river during high tide in the night. The issue can be addressed completely only if the construction of temporary bund is ready. We were informed that construction of the temporary bund at Purapullikkavu will be completed by Tuesday,\" said A K Ramani, chief engineer, Kerala Water Authority.Due to the disruption in pumping from Aluva, the total shortage for the last four days was 165-180 million litters per day (MLD). While shortage on the first day, Thursday, was 25-30MLD, it stood at maximum on Friday, 50-60MLD. The shortage on Saturday and Sunday was 50MLD and 25-30 MLD respectively.Even as salinity level near Aluva pump house has almost reached normalcy, pumping from Muppathadam has been hit since Saturday. An official with KWA said that it was the first time that pumping from Muppathadam pump house, from where 15 million litters per day (MLD) was disrupted. \"Pumping could not resume till 5.30pm Sunday,\" said the official. The disruption of pumping from the station hit areas such as Kadangallur, Alangad and Karumallor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17458543", "title": "Tribal girls open doors to change", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Last seven years have been path-breaking for the Chakutia Bhunjia tribals concentrated inside Nuapada's Sunabeda wildlife sanctuary. Their girls now go to school, are not married off at an early age and allowed to wear clothes other than sarees after puberty.This change in the mindset of this tribe has been brought about by the Chakutia Bhunjia Development Agency (CBDA). The agency picked up three volunteers from the community, Raj Singh Majhi, Tuna Singh Chhatria and Bijoy Jhankar, who helped the tribals shed their inhibitions.\"Now at least 250 girls attend the school set up by CBDA inside Sunabeda wildlife sanctuary. They wear school uniform, which was not possible earlier and also jeans and shoes,\" said Himanshu Mohapatra, special officer, CBDA.Earlier, girls were forced to wear only sarees after puberty and married through a ritual called 'kanda biha' (wedded to an arrow ). Going to school was considered a stigma then and the community had ostracized three girls, Chandini Chhatria, Tribeni Chhatria and Jayashree Jhankar, in 2006 after they appeared for the matriculation examination.Mohapatra said one of these three girls Tribeni Chhatria had complained to CBDA that she was warned by her community members against wearing the school uniform when she started doing so after Class VI and not allowed to wear footwear. Before that she had to wear a saree without blouse to school.\"The girls were not allowed to wear petticoats, blouse and footwear. When we protested against this our action was viewed with suspicion by our community. They thought we are receiving some benefit from CBDA,\" said Raj Singh Majhi, a reformer of Bhunjia community. \"Gradually the girls came forward to break the conservative shackles binding them and we lent a helping hand. Education has brought a sea change in their outlook,\" Majhi added. \"Two girls from the community have become teachers, while one is taking nursing training,\" he said with pride.Around 614 families of Chakutia Bhunjia tribals tribe live on a 3,000-ft high plateau in Sunabeda. They live in abject poverty with just minor forest produce and shifting cultivation for sustenance. \"As education was not encouraged among the community, the male literacy rate stands at 51.51% while the female literacy rate is just 18.27%. It was only a few years ago that some Chakutia Bhunjia boys appeared in the HSC examination for the first time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17458517", "title": "HIV-affected children let their hair down", "text": "MADURAI: It was a memorable day for the 40 HIV positive children of St Ann's Care Centre, as they enjoyed every moment of the one-day tour of Madurai city organised specially for them on Sunday. For the children, who routinely spend their life in the centre and school, the trip turned out to be pleasant.The children, aged between six and 20, had the chance to enjoy the journey in plush cars, a couple of hours in Vishaal de Mal and a splendid evening at Eco Park at Thiruparankundram. This is the first time they were getting a glimpse of the city's posh shopping mall and Eco Park.The trip was organised by Rotary Club of Madurai Meenakshi along with Indian Red Cross Society, Madurai branch. The children are orphans, whose parents died of HIV. Children from various districts including Madurai, Theni, Dindigul, Sivaganga and Virudhunagar also stay in the centre. \"The trip was an unforgettable day in their life, as they visited places for the first time,\" said K Sakthi Anand, programme manager of the centre.The 7D theatre, dashing cars and moving bulls have become main attractions for children in the mall. Vignesh, an eighth standard boy, who was excited, said, \"I loved my maiden visit to a shopping mall. The moving bull there was my favourite. The entire day was fun with friends. The other playing equipment which we enjoyed there, otherwise I have seen only in television,\" he said.Ponmani, a 12th standard girl said, \"The devil house was a thrilling experience. Despite it being frightening, we loved it so much. Spending time in the toy helicopter was the other attraction for us.\"\"Videos shown in the 7D theatre were a crowd-puller. We felt as if we are travelling under the sea with aquatic creatures, through fire flames and caves. Apart from the mall, the Eco Park served as a place to play in the evening after having mouth-watering biryani for lunch,\" said Saraswathi, a ninth standard girl, who lost her parents a few years back.\"It was a tough time for us to handle the elated children. It was a memorable experience not only for children but also for the organisers,\" said V M Jose, secretary, Red Cross, Madurai branch who organised the trip along with Ram Sundar, president, Rotary club, Madurai Meenakshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17457029", "title": "Firecracker triggers bomb scare at railway station", "text": "CHENNAI: A bomb scare brought Mambalam railway station to a standstill after a sweeper found what looked like a gelatin stick in a garbage bin on a platform on Sunday. A Southern Railway official at the station said it was a gelatin stick but the Railway Protection Force (RPF) maintains that it was an oversized model of a firecracker made of plastic.The tube-like device with a wick at one end was spotted by a sweeper who was emptying a garbage bin near the RPF station on a platform. The sweeper handed it to the station master who turned it over to the RPF.A bomb detection and disposal squad took the stick for further checks. \"It is a gelatin stick used in quarries to break rocks,\" said a railway official. However, Southern Railway divisional security commissioner S R Gandhi said, \"It is a model of a fire cracker made using a plastic pipe with a red tape wound around it. It is not an explosive.\"He added, \"It is one foot by three inches in size and one inch in diameter. We dismantled and checked it. It looks like a model of a fire cracker, probably made for advertising purposes during Diwali. It has a wick at one end. This created a scare. The tape wound around it was dirty and it looks like it was dumped after its use.\"A railway official said that garbage collected from bins is usually burnt. \"Luckily, the sweeper found the stick before it was taken with the rest of the garbage for disposal,\" said the official.The discovery triggered a scare among railway protection force and railway police who swept the entire station for explosives for more than an hour. RPF bomb detection and disposal squad personnel used explosive detecting equipment and scanned all garbage bins on the platforms.Police presence and the news of the find created a flutter among commuters too. Mambalam railway station is one of the busiest suburban stations and is used by hundreds of people visiting the city's commercial hub T Nagar. The station was crowded with shoppers who arrived by trains from the southern suburbs when the incident happened.Different wings of the state police, including CB CID personnel, reached the station and conducted investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17456788", "title": "3 Nagpur Municipal Corporation projects to get Rs 16.17 crore", "text": "NAGPUR: Three development projects of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) are all set to get new momentum. The central government has approved Rs 13.48 crore for the projects while the state will release Rs 2.69 crore, taking the total to Rs 16.17 crore. The projects have been approved under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).The centre's ministry of urban development (MoUD) approved the funds in a meeting of central sanctioning and monitoring committee on November 23 at New Delhi. Funds were approved for 36 projects, including three by NMC; Anand Talkies railway under bridge (RuB), Itwari railway over bridge (RoB) and construction of new water reservoirs and related works. The panel gave Rs 10.07 crore for reservoir works for Pench-IV project's part-III, Rs 2.28 crore for Anand Talkies RuB and Rs 1.12 crore for Itwari RoB.According to norms, the state government approves its share once funds are cleared from the Centre. For JNNURM works, the share of centre is 50%, 20% of state and 30% NMC. Thus, the state will give Rs 2.69 crore for the projects.NMC had proposed 24 overhead and ground level water tanks along with laying of water pipeline from master balancing reservoirs to these tanks. The work of four tanks has been completed while it is underway at the other tanks. The centre approved Rs 80.59 crore for the project, of which Rs 63.96 crore will be spent till November.The remaining two projects, Itwari RoB and Anand Talkies RuB, are very crucial for managing traffic. The centre approved Rs 18.28 crore for Anand Talkies RuB. The project is almost in the final stages and may be inaugurated this month. The civic body spent Rs 22 crore on this project, more than the approved cost. The Itwari RoB got approval of Rs 9 crore. The actual expense till November is Rs 14.49 crore. The project is also set to be inaugurated very soon.Under JNNURM, the cash-strapped NMC got approval for 19 projects. The approved cost of the projects was Rs 1,581.22 crore. According to NMC's data, expenditure on projects is Rs 808.68 crore till November. NMC declared seven of the 19 projects as complete. The projects were to be completed by March 31, 2012, but hit by inordinate delays. Now, the centre has asked NMC to complete all projects by December 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17459016", "title": "Students prepare nutritious multi-cereal bar", "text": "A group of students and faculty members of Bhaskaracharya College of Applied Sciences of Delhi University have prepared a cost-effective nutritious multi-cereal bar and a biofilm for food packaging. The interdisciplinary project has been taken up under the university's innovation scheme. The product is one of the four selected innovation projects to be patented by the university.The low-cost nutrition bar meets one-third of a child's daily recommended dietary allowance (RDA). The bar costs Rs 10 per 100 grams and both the bar and biofilm have a shelf life of six months. Alongside, the biological packaging film is developed from potato starch such that it has an advantage of being biodegradable over other packaging material available in the market.\"The idea behind the multi-cereal bar was to prepare a low-cost product for underprivileged children,\" says Shivani G Varmani, faculty, biomedical sciences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17456349", "title": "M S University comes to poor students' aid", "text": "VADODARA: M S University (MSU) will launch a scheme to support education of students from poor financial background from mid-December.The university will start inviting applications from students from low income groups after which it will select the beneficiaries of the Economically Disadvantaged Students Support Fund.Nearly 150 students have already submitted applications to get benefit from the fund on blank papers.The scheme is to completely waive off fees of students belonging to economically weaker sections by not only providing them free studentship, but also free hostel accommodation.\"We have decided that once the assembly elections are over, we will start distributing the forms,\" director of students' welfare Dr Rameshwari Pandya said, adding that students with minimum 50 per cent marks in their respective streams and those whose parental income is not more than Rs one lakh per annum will be eligible for the scheme.The university has already decided that fees of meritorious students hailing from financially weak background will be waived off even in costliest of self financed courses (SFCs) offered by the university.\"These applications will have to be routed through department. We will cross check information submitted by the applicants through home visits and also get an undertaking from students that if they have submitted any wrong information, they will be liable for legal action,\" said Pandya, adding that those students who take benefit of other scholarship schemes won't be included as beneficiaries of this scheme.\"In extreme conditions, we will also waive off food bill and room rent of such students,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17457043", "title": "Money exchange firm staff assaulted, robbed of Rs 2 lakh", "text": "CHENNAI: An employee of a city-based money exchange firm was attacked and robbed of Rs 2 lakh on Saturday night by a gang.Police said the incident took place near Arcot Road in T Nagar. Abdul Aziz, who works as an accountant in a money exchange firm, was attacked with sickles while on his way to deliver money from his office. Azhar, a friend of Aziz, who was following his bike was also attacked when he tried to intervene.Yusuf, who owns the money exchange firm, said, \"Aziz was an employee with the agency and he was in charge of routine money exchange transactions. We have already launched an investigation,\" said the police officer. \"Though they made an attempt to chase the gang, the gang escaped on their motorbikes,\" he said.Police said they are investigating the source and destination of the robbed money as any such commercial transactions handled by banks and money exchange firms should have had proper security measures.The city police said they suspect that the gang had prior information about the procedures of the money exchange firm.Investigators are also looking at possible hawala links as the incident has similar signs of attacks by hawala rackets stealing liquid cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17457711", "title": "Haryana fails to meet renewable energy target", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Renewable Energy Development Agency ( HAREDA) has failed to meet its own target to harness power from non-conventional sources. The State Renewable Energy Policy, mentions Haryana government's aim of achieving 10% of the total capacity addition of 5,000 MW of conventional power to be generated through renewable energy power projects by 2012. However, till date 164.10 Mw of electricity has been generated through non-conventional sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17457017", "title": "Gun goes off accidentally, causes panic", "text": "CHENNAI: The sound of a gunshot caused moments of panic among residents of M block in Anna Nagar. An armed reserve constable, who was on security duty, fired his gun accidentally while cleaning it.Police said Arumugham, a 70-year-old businessman, had sought security cover following threats from various sources. He was allotted security personnel from the armed reserve.On Saturday night, Manoharan, a 26-year-old constable, was on duty at Arumugham's house. At 11pm when Manoharan was cleaning his weapon, it went off.Hearing the noise, Arumugaham and his family rushed out of the house in a panic. No one was injured. A police team reached and made enquiries. \"We have seized the gun and are looking into the issue,\" said a police officer. A departmental probe has been initiated against the constable, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "17458850", "title": "Mandya city municipality has no control over mobile canteens in Mandya", "text": "MANDYA: Mobile canteens are an inexpensive alternative for the poor and the middle class.It's a mushrooming sector doing brisk business, with not much attention paid to the consumers' hygiene.Mandya city municipality (CMC) chairman Arunkumar says that the CMC does not have any control over mobile canteens. However, he has instructed health inspectors to monitor them on a regular basis regularly and see to that they maintain hygiene.\"As of now, we don't have rules to regulate mobile canteens. When we ask them to close shop, they demand an alternative place to run their business. We are searching for a common place for all mobile canteens to operate from,\" he said. If all mobile canteens are run from one place, it helps authorities to regulate them and collect taxes from them, Arunkumar added. Shivu, a BSc graduate, who runs a kabab centre, says unemployment forced him to establish his own venture and he is happy with his business. \"I don't have any problem except paying monthly hafta. We are harassed for petty reasons. If the municipality can provide a designated place, we are ready to shift our business there and pay taxes too,\" he said.Mallesh, a government employee who swears by mobile canteens, says that he prefers them as hotel charges are steep.\"Yes, they are not high on hygiene, but then what is the guarantee that hotels maintain hygiene,\" he quips.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17461351", "title": "New genes behind low birth weight, adult shortness and diabetes identified", "text": "LONDON: An international team of genetics researchers has discovered four new gene regions that contribute to low birth weight - three of those regions influence adult metabolism, and appear to affect longer-term outcomes such as adult height, risk of type 2 diabetes and adult blood pressure.\"This large study adds to the evidence that genes have a strong influence on fetal growth,\" said one of the co-authors, Struan F.A. Grant, Ph.D., associate director of the Center for Applied Genomics at The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.\"The cumulative effect of the genes is surprisingly strong; it's equivalent to the effect of maternal smoking , which is already recognized as lowering a baby's weight at birth. We already know that a low birth weight increases the risk of health problems in adult life,\" he noted.The research was the second major study on birth weight by the Early Growth Genetics (EGG) Consortium, composed of groups of scientists from multiple countries, including the United Kingdom , Finland, the Netherlands, and the United States .Earlier this year, Grant was the lead investigator of an EGG study--the largest-ever genome-wide study of common childhood obesity--which found two novel gene variants that increase the risk of that condition.The lead investigator of the current study was Rachel M. Freathy, Ph.D., a Sir Henry Wellcome Postdoctoral Fellow from the University of Exeter Medical School in the U.K.The meta-analysis and follow-up study encompassed nearly 70,000 individuals, of European, Arab, Asian and African American descent, from across 50 separate studies of pregnancy and birth. In addition to confirming that three previously discovered genetic regions increased the risk of low birth weight, the consortium discovered four new regions: genes HMGA2, LCORL, ADRB1, and a locus on chromosome 5.Two of the previously identified gene regions are connected to a risk of type 2 diabetes, while two of the newly found regions confer a risk of shorter adult stature. A third region, ADRB1, is associated with adult blood pressure--the first time that scientists have found a genetic link common to both birth weight and blood pressure.The biological mechanisms by which the identified genetic regions function to influence early growth and adult metabolism remain to be discovered, although, said Grant, these regions offer intriguing areas on which to focus follow-up research.\"These discoveries give us important clues to the mechanisms responsible for the control of a baby's growth in the womb, and may eventually lead to a better understanding of how to manage growth problems during pregnancy,\" said Freathy, the study's lead investigator.\"This study demonstrates that genes acting early in development have important effects on health both in childhood and beyond. While we continue to learn more about the biology, an important implication is that designing prenatal interventions to improve birth weight could have lifelong health benefits,\" added Grant.The article has been published in Nature Genetics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17456621", "title": "Two end life in Mormugao taluka", "text": "Vasco: Two men committed suicide one at Headland Sada and the other at Zuarinagar, Birla, on Sunday. Both the victims hanged themselves from the roofs of their rented houses with the help of a sari.In the first case, Mormugao PSI Sailesh Narvekar, said one labourer Triloknath Upadhayay, 30, hanged himself in his house at Headland Sada. His wife and children were in the neighbourhood when he committed suicide.In the second case, PSI Arjun Sangodkar of Verna police, said Devendra Hadpad, 26, hanged himself at Zuarinagar, Birla.His family had gone to their native place on Saturday evening.Reasons for both the suicides are not yet known. The bodies have been preserved for postmortem. Police are investigating the cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17456691", "title": "Centre in touch with Karnataka, Tamil Nadu", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union water resources minister Harish Rawat on Sunday expressed hope that the Cauvery water dispute between Tamil Nadu and Karnataka will be resolved soon, and added that he is in touch with the chief ministers of both the states on the issue.Rawat said he has gone through some media reports about the chief ministers meeting and has asked for a detailed report.\"Now the matter is before the Supreme Court. So we will wait for the court directive. I think the matter will be resolved amicably. Both the states realize the problems of each other,\" said Rawat.\"This is a very old and complex problem, and very sensitive also, but we hope that after providing all sorts of technical support to both the states, they will be able to resolve the matter amicably,\" he added.Earlier on Thursday, amid the farmers' outcry for water for their crops, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa met her Karnataka counterpart Jagadish Shettar in Bangalore to resolve the issue following the apex court saying that the two chief ministers should meet to resolve their war over sharing of Cauvery waters.A bench of Justices DK Jain and Madan B Lokur said both the chief ministers should give top priority to create a congenial atmosphere and discuss the issue in larger interest of the farmers of both the states.However, both states have failed to agree on how much water should be released by Karnataka, and the Supreme Court will now decide whether Tamil Nadu's plea for the release of 30,000 million cubic feet of water between December 1 and 15 is feasible. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457865", "title": "Tony South Mumbai tower's fire equipment did not work", "text": "MUMBAI: A major fire broke out in a flat on the 19th floor of Cuffe Parade's Jolly Maker 1 at 3:30am on Sunday. The fire raged on for over four hours in the B wing of the 26-storey building. Fire officials said the fire-fighting equipment in the building, said to be the richest housing societies in the city, was \"not in working condition\".The fire brigade rescued 26 residents, including senior citizens, the disabled and infants.According to officials, the fire started in the air-conditioning unit of one of the rooms of a 3,000 sq ft flat where three members of the Sekhri family, three house help and a pet dog were sleeping.The firemen tried to use a turntable ladder to reach the 19th floor but the building's podium made it difficult for the to tackle the blaze from outside as officers couldn't get too close to the spot. While the fire brigade is still investigating the cause of the fire, sources said it most likely started due to a short circuit in the AC unit.Resident Vaibhav Kapoor, who helped firemen evacuate the building, told TOI, \"The smoke and heat resulting from the fire were enough to suffocate people, especially the senior citizens and infants. The firemen had to lift people and take them down through the staircase. Had the internal fire-fighting system of the building been working, the blaze could have been contained in the flat it had started in.\"Jolly Maker-1 is home to the city's who's who of the city including the Patni family which owns iGATE PATNI (formerly Patni Computer Systems ) and construction magnate A S Maker. One sq ft in this society commands a rate of Rs 1.11 lakh.Akshatt Sekhri, owner of the flat in which the fire erupted, said his sister was sleeping in the room. \"We first tried to control the blaze on our own. We rushed out and brought in a fire extinguisher that was on our floor only to realize that it wasn't working. We then brought four fire extinguishers from the ground floor but these also didn't work,\" Sekhri told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17456358", "title": "Occupational health a neglected area in India", "text": "VADODARA: In India, where labour is cheap and industrial workers aplenty, it should not come as a surprise to know that occupational health is a neglected field in which no comprehensive data or surveys are available. This was the message coming out at a seminar on Occupational Health Movement in India organized by Peoples' Training and Research Centre (PRTC) organization, here, on Sunday. It was held on the 28th anniversary of Bhopal Gas tragedy.\"In the absence of specific diagnosis there is no comprehensive data available to show us the extent of occupational deaths or diseases,\" said Dr Dileep Mavlankar Director, Indian Institute of Public Health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17462157", "title": "Sargun Mehta to enter as Mona\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s daughter in Kya Huaa?", "text": "Time leaps on shows are the new thing. After Balaji Telefilms' Bade Achhe Lagte Hain going in for a leap, its now turn for the production house's other show-Kya Huaa Tera Vaada on Sony Television Entertainment to do the same.As viewers are aware, this week there will be a maha cross over episode between Bade Achhe Lagte Hain and Kya Huaa Tera Vaada where Anushka (Mauli Ganguly) points the gun at Mona's mother but in a series of events, Anushka fires at Ram who bleeds profusely.What follows next week is a time leap in Kya Huaa Tera Vaada where Mona will be portrayed as an elderly and independent woman and her three kids-Bulbul, Rano and Rajbir, will also be shown all grown up.Here's the interesting part. Popular television actor Sargun Mehta (who is dating actor Ravi Dubey) has been approached to play Bulbul, Mona's older daughter. Reliable sources from the sets inform that Bulbul's character will be around 24 years old. However, Sargun is having trouble confirming her dates and if things work out, she will enter the show as Mona's daughter. Says Sargun, \"I have been approached to play Bulbul but I cannot confirm anything right now\".Another popular name considered for Bulbul's role is Sukirti Kandpal. When contacted, she remained unavailable for contact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17456961", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav invites President for 125th anniversary bash of assembly", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has extended an invitation to President of India Pranab Mukherjee to be the chief guest at the function to commemorate the 125th year of the Uttar Pradesh state assembly. He has also requested through two separate letters written to the Union telecom minister Kapil Sibbal for release of a special commemorative stamp and to union finance minister P Chidambaram for release of a special coin by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on the momentous occasion by the President.In his letter sent today to the President Pranab Mukherjee, the chief minister said that the UP legislature has had a rich past and it is a sincere wish of the legislators and the people of the state that he be invited as the chief guest at the function to mark the momentous event proposed to be held between January 8 and January 10, 2013. The state assembly building completes 125 years on January 8, 2013. He has also sought the President to give his consent for coming to the function between these dates so that the preparations could be started in the right earnest.It may be pointed out that in UP was earlier called the North Western Provinces and Avadh, and the legislative council (UP legislative assembly) was established on January 8, 1887 and its first meeting was held at Thornhill Memorial Hall in Allahabad. Prominent members of the legislative assembly included luminaries like Pandit Motilal Nehru, Mahamana Madan Mohan Malviya, Ganesh Shankar Vidyarthi, Sayyed Ahmad, Pandit Govind Vallabh Pant and CY Chintamani. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457824", "title": "No arrest in online jibe case yet", "text": "MUMBAI: The cyber crime police station is yet to make an arrest in a case filed under the IT Act against Sagar Karnik, a member of the All India Cabin Crew Association, for using abusive language on social networking sites to humiliate two of his colleagues. Karnik has been booked under Section 66 (A) of the IT Act.The two complainants in this case, Mayank Sharma and KV Jagannath Rao, had to spend time behind bars in May after Karnik lodged an FIR against them for posting messages on Facebook criticizing the Supreme Court. Sharma and Rao were released on bail later. After the outcry over the arrest of two Palghar girls for their FB post on the bandh following Bal Thackeray's death, Sharma and Rao had written a letter to cops, pointing out the lacunae in the probe and the fact that no cognizance was taken of derogatory statements made online by Karnik.According to Rao's statement recorded with the cyber crime police, there were problems within the All India Cabin Crew Association (AICCA) over the election of office-bearers. Certain members of the AICCA also approached court. Rao stated in the FIR, \"Between March 2011 and June 2012, Karnik abused me several times on Facebook. On one occasion, Karnik also threatened me by mentioning that he had a gun. He called me names, using words like \"pagal\" and \"Dusshasan\". Around the same time, he registered a complaint with the cyber crime police against me.Officials from the cyber crime police station confirmed registration of an FIR against Karnik on Friday and said they are investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457399", "title": "Include Gujarat, Sind leaders in Sir Creek talks: Experts", "text": "NEW DELHI: The two-day Aman Ki Asha strategic seminar on proposing civil society's solutions to Sir Creek and Siachen issues between India and Pakistan began in New Delhi on Sunday.The experts discussed the relatively less contentious issues on the first day and will deliberate on defining a roadmap on the vexed Kashmir issue on Monday.There was a convergence of views with experts from the either side stressing on the need to mobilize public opinion to challenge the lack of political will for resolving bilateral issues. The indecisiveness of the political leadership was identified as the main problem, frustrating any forward movement on issues often identified as doable.On Sir Creek, the panelists proposed involving provincial leaders from Gujarat and Sind with greater stakes in its resolution as a way forward on the lines of Punjab-Punjab cooperation seen as the main driving force for the recent breakthrough on the trade front.A Pakistani delegate pointed out the \"distance the two countries had travelled\" on this front, underlining that \"Kashmir and nothing else\" had been the dominant part of Islamabad's narrative. \"It has turned out to be the other way around and we are willing to be more pragmatic rather than being hostage to the Kashmir issue,\" he said.The delegates agreed that the peace process has never had such clout and ability to mobilize public as well as political opinion thanks to the Aman Ki Asha initiative by TOI and Pakistan's Jang group.A delegate said the initiative had mobilized public opinion to challenge and push the political establishment to contest dominant security arguments against resolution of disputes.The experts flagged the Siachen issue and the damage caused to its fragile ecology due to its militarization. They acknowledged the stated positions, but agreed on the need to suggest solutions acceptable to both sides including the one on its joint management and creating a \"glacier park\" to study glaciers and related issues.One of the experts raised the issue of the glacier being among the fastest receding ones in the region. He suggested thinning out deployment by 65% and removal of artillery presence to a moderate scale.A similar suggestion was made on Sir Creek. \"Fifty nautical miles into the sea may be declared a free zone till the dispute is resolved through dialogue. This could help prevent fishermen from straying into territorial waters on the either side and allow the two countries to use the resources of their respective continental shelf,\" a delegate said.But many cautioned against expecting too much with one of the Pakistani panelists saying he did not \"even see the light at the end of the tunnel on Siachen\".An Indian participant highlighted New Delhi's concerns about the presence of the Chinese around the region that has complicated the issue. \"The China-Pakistan nexus can create problems for us in Ladakh,\" he said.The delegates agreed that the ceasefire along the LoC, that has held since 2003 without a formal agreement, was heartening.Noted Pakistani journalist Najam Sethi, who chaired the session, highlighted the significance of such engagements. \"Indian and Pakistani media have been part of the problem until now because they have been slavish to the state ideologies. They need to be part of the solution now because the people of both countries - as polls reflect - want to change these narratives for the better,\" he said.\"Aman Ki Asha is a step in this direction to take the debate outside track two. The independence of the media gives it the power to reflect the state consensus and change it too,\" he added.The delegates observed a one-minute silence for former prime minister I K Gujral, who passed away last week. He was hailed as a visionary, who wanted the best for the two countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17456839", "title": "IT companies move to share risks with customers", "text": "BANGALORE: iGate has begun a high decibel and provocative media campaign in North America. The ads have banner lines that say: 'Mega Corporations' No. 1 enemy exposed' or 'Billions swindled from large enterprises'. They go on to identify the villain as the time &amp; material business model, and then push companies to switch to the business outcomes model.The California-based IT company, which does most of its delivery out of India, will spend $4 million on this marketing campaign.In the crowded IT services market, iGate may be building a good differentiator for itself. Not that others don't have outcomes-based contracts, but iGate has been an early adopter of the model and, compared to others, it perhaps has the highest proportion of revenues coming from this model (we say `perhaps' because nobody other than iGate yet breaks up their revenues from the outcomes based model). Its campaign could also persuade other vendors to move faster on this new model.Traditionally, IT has used what is called the time &amp; material model and the fixed price model. But in neither of these two models does the IT vendor take any responsibility for the value that the application it has developed would provide to the customer. IT is meant to simplify a company's operations, enhance revenue and/or reduce costs.But one application by itself need not guarantee any of these objectives. It's also possible that a new application would add complexity because it does not work very well with other applications or the existing processes in the company.The outcomes-based model addresses such issues, because the vendor takes responsibility for the outcomes. Customers pay only when the agreed outcomes are achieved. In the current economic climate where clients are demanding a return on every dollar spent, the attractiveness of the model is obvious.And every IT vendor admits the model is becoming important. \"Customers are increasingly looking to engage with a service provider who can demonstrate value and risk management,\" says R Chandrasekaran, group chief executive for technology and operations in Cognizant .Phaneesh Murthy, CEO of iGate, notes that the IT industry has been quoting in dollars per hour for the last two decades, and adds, \"I have been saying in the past few years that the IT industry lacks innovation and that there is a need for a better partnership model between customers and vendors.\"Krishnan Chatterjee, VP &amp; head of strategic marketing in HCL Technologies , says customers are under tremendous budget pressures and are looking for strategic IT partners who can help them realize incremental return from their IT spends. \"This is leading to a rise in the adoption of the outcomes-based pricing model,\" he says.But moving to an outcomes-based model is not easy. Often it is difficult to define outcomes, especially if the IT application that is implemented does not directly touch a revenue-earning function in the company.\"IT companies have to build some tracking mechanism to define outcomes based on quantifiable metrics. They have to learn to price contracts on the incremental risk value,\" says Sanjay Dhawan, leader-technology practice at consultancy firm PricewaterhouseCoopers India.Even if you can define outcomes, it may be problematic for the vendor to accomplish those outcomes unless the customer is willing to cede control. As a report by outsourcing consulting firm Everest says, the implementation team \"needs to have control over the business process and the underlying stack, including platforms, management, and reporting tools, and quite simply...the way you do business\".Notwithstanding these difficulties, several IT vendors have developed platforms and models that enable outcomes-based projects. Infosys is using its new mobile commerce platform called WalletEdge to deliver Bharti's Airtel Money service. Infosys makes money depending on the number of transactions on Airtel Money. Infosys's TalentEdge, a cloud-based talent management platform that simplifies HR processes and deepens employee engagement, is also modeled around the outcomes-based model.HCL's engagement with the Boeing 787 Dreamliner project was based on a risk-reward sharing model with the aircraft manufacturer. HCL provides hardware, software and validation services for Boeing under this programme.About 10% of iGate's overall business comes from the outcomes-based model. \"Our goal is to take this to 30% by 2017,\" says Hemant Bhardwaj, senior VP for marketing in iGate. That could be an indication of where the industry would be moving to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17456515", "title": "AIADMK activists seek probe into party worker's accident", "text": "COIMBATORE: Over 500 AIADMK activists blocked the road at Six Corner in Mettupalayam for about two hours on Sunday morning demanding a thorough probe into a road accident case, in which, a 55-year-old Kuppusami, 11th ward member of Jadayampalayam village panchayat, was killed on Saturday evening. Vehicular movement between Coimbatore and Udhagamandalam was thrown out of gear for about two hours. Traffic on the road leading to Sathyamangalam and Tirupur from Mettupalayam had also been affected because of the protest.It was after the intervention of Coimbatore Rural SP E S Uma and Nilgiris SP Nizamuddin, the protestors were disbursed from the spot. Officials have promised a detailed investigation into the incident.According to police, Kuppusami was returning from Pallapalayam to his home in Sirumugai on Saturday evening when the accident took place. AIADMK branch secretary and a known figure in the local political scene, Kuppusami was travelling in a two-wheeler, when he was knocked down by a speeding truck. He died on the spot as he was run over by the vehicle. The vehicle driver, Vaikundarajan was arrested late in the night by police and Kuppusami's body was taken to Mettupalayam government general hospital.On Saturday morning, more than 500 people including his party workers and relatives gathered in front of the hospital and started a demonstration saying it was not a normal road accident but a pre-planned murder. They shouted saying that Kuppusami was facing threat from political rivals, who were jealous about his political growth. The protestors then moved to Six Corner and started blocking normal traffic.Taking to media persons later, SP Uma said circumstantial evidences point out that it was a road accident case. \"We have already arrested the truck driver. Further investigation is on as per the complaints of Kuppusami's wife and family. Allegations would be probed,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17458692", "title": "Youth screens film to drive home need for protected sex", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 23-year-old microbiologist tried to underscore the dangers of unprotected carnal relations through a docudrama called, \"I am condom.\" Screened on Saturday, which was celebrated as World AIDSDay, the documentary has filmmaker Harit Kumar in the role of a person living with AIDS. The plot revolves around one instance of unprotected intimacy, which leaves Harit HIV positive.Through the film, the student of MSc, bioinformatics at DAV College, Chandigarh aired the view that HIV screening should be made mandatory for youth before marriage. He also exhorted people to gather information on sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) and make sure they use precautions. Youngsters dressed in t-shirts saying, \"I am condom\" attended the launch of the documentary to underline the importance of condoms in preventing the spread of HIV/AIDS.Harit's mother Bimla Rani and two sisters, Neerja and Poornima have also acted in the documentary, which was shot over one month in Chandigarh, Haryana and Himachal Pradesh. Through interviews and enactments, the docudrama stresses on the need for couples to ascertain each other's health status before marriage. Harit suggests pre-marital blood tests for both the prospective bride and groom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17462150", "title": "Daughter looks older than her age, father complains to NHRC", "text": "INDORE: Father of a four-year-old girl is planning to knock the doors of National Human Rights Commission and other forums for justice, alleging that drug tests conducted on his daughter has developed side effects.Vinod Sargaria, uncle of Tanisha, says that she looks much older than her biological age due to adverse effects of drugs that were tested on her at Chacha Nehru Hospital when she was 11 days old in 2008. Sargaria, a resident of Shukla Nagar area alleged that Dr Hemant Jain of MGM Medical College without informing him about drug trials gave polio vaccine, which creates hormonal imbalance.Sargaria said that he came to know of the clinical trials after the girl's name surfaced on Economic Offences Wing report. \"Even today she looks like 7-8 year old girl, though she was born in 2008,\" said Vinod Sargaria, uncle of the girl. Her father Jitendra Sagaria said we were never informed about anything and we gave her medicines that were given by Dr Jain. He said he would complain to the concerning authorities.Sargaria is now one of the members of the Clinical Trial Victims Association, which is victim for the compensation to the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17459260", "title": "Non-resident Keralites seek postal, e-voting facilities for civic body polls", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Though the non-resident Keralites (NRKs) are happy about the recent cabinet decision to grant voting rights to NRKs before the next local body elections, many believe that only the introduction of postal voting or making arrangements to vote through Indian embassies in other countries will ensure their strong representation at the time of elections in the stateThe state cabinet decided to introduce voting facility for NRKs on the basis of a recommendation by the state election commission (SEC) to amend the Kerala panchayat and municipal election rules to allow them cast votes.But they say that the decision will benefit only those NRKs who are in the state during polls.\"Though the latest cabinet decision would allow 300,000 NRKs to register their names in the voters' list, it is obvious that only below 10% will be able to exercise their franchise in local polls,\" said Indo-Arab confederation council chairman Attakoya Pallikandi.Northern region chairman of the World Malayli Council C E Chakunny said the move would actually help the political parties and not the NRKs.\"Though we submitted a memorandum long time ago to Union minister of overseas Indian affairs Vayalar Ravi to introduce postal voting facilities for NRKs residing in overseas countries, the council has not received any reply from the minister so far. Only the postal voting facility would allow around 40 lakh NRKs exercise their franchise,\" he said.Supporting his view president of Saudi Arabian returnees' association P N M Musthafa said that no one will come to his native place only to cast vote.\"They will cast vote only if they are there in the native place at the time of poll. The government should think of introducing e-voting facility for NRKs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17456602", "title": "Hare wins crown, Aditya the race", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The joys of success and tears of failure - both were on display as the inaugural edition of the Festival of Speed came to an end at the Buddh International Circuit here on Sunday. Fittingly, the final race of the weekend featured a championship battle for the JK Racing Asia Series (JKRAS) crown between Malaysia's Nabil Jeffri and South African Aston Hare with the latter coming out on top.If it was Hare who took the championship, the Delhi crowd which came out in good numbers on Sunday went back happy with Indian driver Aditya Patel winning the final race of the day. Patel took full advantage of Hare's faltering car and a melee in which Jeffi and countrymate Afiq Ikhwan were involved.However, Hare, who won three of the last four races, clinched the title in spite of starting 34 points behind Jeffri this weekend. The 17-year-old from Johannesburg headed into the final round having whittled down the gap to mere seven points with three successive wins at the BIC but all Jeffri needed to do was to finish in second place to claim the championship. Everything was going according to script for Jeffri till the sixth lap when he ran into Ikhwan and failed to finish the race.The 19-year-old Malaysian driver left the BIC with tears in his eyes.The result meant that Hare, who had already clinched the rookie title, won the overall championship in his first-ever year in single-seater cars. \"I knew we needed to win the last four races this weekend and I had told my mom that we still stood a mathematical chance. The experience of having driven on this circuit a month back did come in handy. Now, I'll look to compete in the Formula Three Championship in Germany but I need some sponsors,\" Hare told TOI on Sunday.Earlier in the day, Patel's compatriot Akhil Khushlani finished second for the second time this weekend.Jinkawa turns it aroundIn the MRF Challenge F2000 series, Jordan King, who dominated Saturday's two races had to fly back to London for an awards ceremony. With the field opened up, Connor Daly won the first race of the day ahead of Alice Powell and Hector Hurst.In the second, there was a surprise winner in Japanese driver Yuudi Jinkawa, who had a massive crash in the last race on Saturday. Jinkawa pulled away from the rest of the pack after the grid was reversed for the final MRF race on Sunday. Belgium's Sam Dejonghe came in second while Hector Hurst once again grabbed the third spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17461292", "title": "Kiran is a hands-on mother, says Aamir Khan", "text": "Actor Aamir Khan says his wife Kiran is a hands-on mother and is enjoying motherhood.On December 1 last year, the couple became proud parents of Azad Rao Khan. The baby was born through IVF to a surrogate mother.Aamir, whose film Talaash released last Friday, says due to his work commitments he does not get to spend enough time with his son.\"I am not a hands-on dad on a daily basis. My responsibilities towards work don't allow me to do that. But I really like to spend time with him. He is a real joy. He is a very happy child and good natured,\" Aamir said.\"Kiran is a hands-on mother. She is enjoying motherhood and that's what she wants to do. Once in a while I do try and give her a break but she brushes it aside,\" he said.Meanwhile, Aamir Khan says when it comes to films he does not consult wife Kiran, who is also a director.\"No, I don't consult her. When I am not sure I like to ask her. I like to keep it as a surprise. This she and I both consciously do. So when she watches the first cut, she is a fresh audience, she doesn't know about the script , she doesn't know what to expect. Sometimes I ask her to sit in for a narration,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17458596", "title": "Will it be a white Christmas for Shimla this time?", "text": "SHIMLA: Shimla has not had a white Christmas for more than two decades now. But with the cold intensifying, hopes for snow on Christmas have revived. However, even though the higher reaches have received snowfall, dry weather conditions have put a spanner in the works for Shimla. Lack of humidity may prevent snowfall, despite the cold.As of now, the maiden snowfall has brought cheer to hoteliers and others associated with the tourism industry. But weather officials said it would be difficult to predict whether Shimla will get snowfall on Christmas.Snow on Christmas is a big draw for tourists, who have been deprived of the spectacle from 1991. Every year, tourists come to Shimla in the hope of enjoying white Christmas but return disappointed. In 1989, Shimla received snowfall from December 22 to 24 and in 1995, from December 21 to 22.According to weather records of the past 40 years, weather on Christmas in Shimla is marked by low temperature, partly cloudy sky and moderately windy evenings and nights. Maximum temperature usually ranges between 10 and 12 degrees Celsius at this time of the year.But it was as high as 17.6 degree Celsius in 1998 and as cold as 2 degree Celsius in 1991. Minimum temperature usually ranges between two to four degrees Celsius. Lowest minimum temperature during the past 40 years has been -01 degree Celsius in 1991.\"The probability of rain and snowfall is around 23%. Of the last 40 years, Shimla received rain and snow for nine. The highest was 20.1 mm recorded on December 25, 1977,\" Shimla meteorological center director Manmohan Singh said.Singh said Shimla's harsh winter, which normally starts in November and ends in March, declined after the mid-1980s. \"The snowfall pattern has undergone a drastic change after 1991 with snowing days shrinking at a rate of 11 days per decade,\" he said.Senior scientist at GB Pant Institute of Himalayan Environment and Development, Mohal in Kullu, said there is an overall increase in temperature due to which snow cover has declined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17458664", "title": "Music festival holds connoisseurs spellbound", "text": "DHARWAD: Leading artistes and their accompanists held the connoisseurs in Dharwad spellbound at the three-day 58th Sitar Ratna Rahimat Khan Punyatithi Sangeetotsava organised at Srujana auditorium in Dharwad by Bharateeya Sangeeta Vidyalaya and Dr Annajirao Shirur Ranga Mandira Trust which began on Saturday.The pleasant weather coupled with melodious music by versatile artists was a real weekend treat for the packed audience. Praashekh Borkar and his younger brother Abhijit Borkar, sons of Pt Shekhar Borkar of Pune set the mood on Saturday the opening day with their scintillating 'Jugal Bandi' (duet) on Sarod. With Uday Karpur ably accompanying them on table the young duo presented raag Hem Bihag enthralling the audience. This was followed by Hindustani vocal Jugal Bandi by Apoorva Gokhale and Pallavi Joshi of Mumbai. The sisters started with raag Purvi and went on to present raag Hamir and Sohoni before concluding with Bhairavi. The music lovers who are in their sixties and seventies were reminded of the Gayaki of Gajananabuwa Joshi, grand father of Apoorva and Pallavi who represent the 5th generation of vocalists in the Joshi Family.It was young Savani Shende of Pune who stole the show on Sunday morning. With a perfect combination of Kirana and the Gwalio gharana, she mesmerized the packed audience with enchanting melody and strength of both. Starting with raag Lalat, she rendered Miya Ki Todi, Mishra Hansadhwani, a Marathi Abhang and finally concluded with a composition of Saint Kabir.She received standing ovation when she finished her concert with confidence and mastery. Her crystal clear diction and overall sensitivity in presentation took the performance to a very high Aesthetic level.On Sunday evening Rais and Hafiz, sons of Sitar maestro Bale Khan presenting sitar duet with Shaileshkumar playing table proved that the legacy of Rahimat Khan would continue for many more years to come.Kathak dance by Vidha and Abhimanyu Lal of Delhi provided refreshing entertainment to the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "pilar", "code": "17456589", "title": "Goa archdiocese needs heritage cell: Experts", "text": "PILAR: Protection of heritage, art and architecture, especially restoration of churches and its assets, received a shot in the arm after experts voiced a need for setting up of a heritage cell in the archdiocese of Goa and Daman.\"The heritage cell should have genuine experts to draw up an inventory, assess and monitor any plans of a parish regarding restoration of assets of heritage value,\" stated Dr Menino Allan Tavares, a priest belonging to Pilar Society.The issue of conservation of heritage art and architecture was discussed at a seminar at Pilar Theological College on Saturday, which was organized by Kerala Lalithakala Akademi, Thrissur, and art.i, an initiative of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of India Office for Social Communications (CBCI-OSC), New Delhi.Fr Tavares, who has done a Ph.D in acoustics, further said that the archdiocese should form a pool of workers and experts from different fields to carry out preservation, conservation or restoration of heritage in parishes.\"Seminarians need to be encouraged to specialize in fields of archaeology and conservation of heritage,\" he said.The growing tendencies of renovation, beautification and demolition will be detrimental for heritage. \"When change in heritage is desired, principles of preservation, conservation or restoration need to be preferred over the detrimental ones,\" he added.Archbishop of Goa and Daman Filipe Neri Ferrao, who also spoke, admitted that a lack of conservation professionals and even good intentions of non-specialized professionals can be damaging to heritage.\"The church in India, and more particularly in Goa, should feel absolved from having to deal with non-specialized professionals, whose best intentioned intervention can sometimes inadvertently have lethal effects on the general condition of heritage building and artworks,\" he said.\"Our country has 10,000 heritage monuments and only 100 conservation specialists,\" he said. Ferrao conceded that there is a need to wait for a reasonable body of competent conservation experts to guide in preserving the church heritage.Architects, engineers, priests and sisters, and also 150 students of seminaries of Pilar, Rachol, Dominican and Redemptorist, Mater Dei Institute, and art and architecture students attended the seminar.\"The church in its spiritual mission and a resultant mighty outpouring of human artistic creativity entirely to the glory and worship of God, has become, de facto, the custodian of an immense treasure of the cultural and artistic heritage,\" Ferrao said.The church art and architecture forms a major chunk of heritage treasures, but sadly, it receives inadequate treatment and care, he added.K S Mathew, a former history professor, delivered the key note address on the Portuguese contribution to Christian architecture in India with special reference to Goa and Kerala.The Christian architecture in India has been greatly influenced by various elements both indigenous and foreign. \"It is not just Portuguese influence on Christian architecture in India, but also a distinct European style and even a great influence of Jewish, Muslim and Hindu architectural style,\" he said.Fr Victor Ferrao, dean of Philosophy in Rachol seminary, stated that, \"While we become aware of the distinguished church heritage, and even commit ourselves to its protection and promotion, we cannot remain insensitive to the cry of our Hindu brethren, who see the same heritage as reminders of their painful past. We need a response to the politics of dispossession exhibited in our land.\"Fr Anselmo de Souza, rector of Pilar Theological College, stated that \"Art and faith have accompanied the church for 2000 years, and today we must adopt art to announce to the world of our times the Gospel of God, who is infinite beauty and love.\"P Samuel Mathew, IAS, secretary of art and culture, stated that parishioners will realize the importance of old churches rather than the newly built ones.Ketak Nachinolkar, a conservation architect and Lorretti Pinto, art historian shared insights into 'Visual restoration: Art &amp; architectural styles.'Mario Carvalho and Russel Fernandes, earlier, presented papers on 'The heritage of Rachol and Pilar' respectively; Fr Eufemiano Miranda on 'Indian influence on western art and architecture in Goa'; and Rohini Pande Ambekar (ASI, Goa) on 'Conservation of antiquarian sites and objects: Acts and Regulations'.Reverend Dr George Plathottam, SDB, secretary, CBCI office for Social communications, New Delhi, founder and president of Art.i (to nurture the divine in art) was present during the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17456699", "title": "Corporator celebrates kids' birthday at Ambazari Garden sans permission", "text": "NAGPUR: Ambazari corporator Parinay Fuke celebrated the birthday of his children at Ambazari Gardens on Saturday night without permission from the authorities.\"The premises was left littered until the next morning,\" said some citizens. However, in his defence, Fuke said that he had applied for permission a month back but the garden department didn't reply.Some readers contacted TOI on Sunday morning to report about the mess. On condition of anonymity, they said that the garden was littered when they went there.Later, it was learnt that Fuke had organized a party to celebrate the birthday of his two children. A stall owner near the garden confirmed that the event did take place.\"The party was organized near the plane that's kept on display. Because of the party, stall owners were told to keep their business closed. We suffered losses. By the way, who cares for the poor,\" said a stall owner. The place had become quite filthy. Later, civic officials came and cleared the mess.The garden department said that it does not give its gardens on rent to people for organising private parties or functions.Fuke said that the garden was in his ward and when the garden department did not respond to his application, he held the party. \"My intention was to bring families back to Ambazari. Today, the garden has become a lovers point. I could have organised the party elsewhere, but I had it here for the good of our forgotten Ambazari,\" he said, adding that the NMC cleared the place in the morning.NMC's garden superintendent NB Shrikhande said that he was aware of the party. \"I came to know about the party but no permission was taken from us. Today being a Sunday, we cannot do anything now. Tomorrow we will have a meeting and decide on the further course of action,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17458426", "title": "Modest hike in 12th Plan outlay for minorities", "text": "The Planning Commission has allocated Rs 17,323 crore for the welfare of minorities across the country in the 12th Five Year Plan (2012-17). This represents an increase of Rs 10,506 crore (or 154 percent) over the 11th Plan (2007-12) expenditure of Rs 6,817 crore on minorities' welfare. The ministry of minority affairs (MoMA) had sought a hefty hike in the allocation in the 12th Plan but the Planning Commission made it clear that the allocations are made on the basis of availability of resources and inter-sectoral priorities and hence, no further increase in plan allocation for the welfare of minorities is possible.This has come as a big let-down for MoMA, which was banking on a five-fold increase in 12th Five-Year Plan allocation over the 11th Plan outlay for minorities welfare. The working group of the Steering Committee on empowerment of minorities for the 12th Plan, constituted by the Planning Commission, had projected a requirement of Rs 41,685 crore in view of the restructured and new schemes proposed for implementation.In the financial year 2012-13, which is incidentally the first year of the 12th Plan period, the budgetary allocation was enhanced to Rs 3,135 crore for MoMA. The allocation was made on pro-rata basis, pending the finalization of the 12th Plan size and the allocations for ministries and departments under the Union government. Now that the Planning Commission has indicated an allocation of Rs 17,323 crore for the entire five-year period, only modest increases will be effected in the outlays for minorities welfare in the remaining four years, 2013-14 to 2016-17.MoMA earmarks bulk of the allocations for eight centrally sponsored schemes, which include pre- and post-matric and merit-cum-means scholarships and multi-sectoral development programme (MsDP) in 90 minority concentration districts (MCDs). The new schemes envisaged to be launched during the 12th Plan include schemes for promotion of education in 100 minority concentration towns, village development programme for villages not covered by minority concentration blocks/MCDs, support to district level institutions in MCDs and free cycles for girl students of Class IX.The Steering Committee had suggested that the vision for the 12th Plan for empowerment of minorities should consist of a series of bold and creative measures that build upon and also go beyond the achievements of the 11th Plan. For this reason, the Steering Committee had suggested a 500 per cent hike in the allocations for MoMA for scaling up the key interventions through higher financial outlays across the board for MsDP, for bringing a larger number of schemes within the scope of the Prime Minister's 15-Point Programme for the Welfare of Minorities, for making educational scholarships schemes demand-driven and initiating key pilot programmes to develop best practices for the future.The committee had suggested directly targeting the minority beneficiaries by revamping the design, expanding the scope and strengthening implementation mechanisms of key initiatives like MsDP and PM's 15-Point Programme so that minority settlements and beneficiaries are directly targeted. It recommended that such direct targeting should be made a condition for approval of all block and district-level plans.Another key recommendation of the Steering Committee is to develop transformative leadership through training and capacity building schemes among minority communities on a large-scale especially among minority women and youth, so that they can themselves create accountability at the local level to help the State provide better neighbourhoods, jobs, education, health, housing, hygiene, skills and incomes. This cadre of trained and empowered citizens would be in the vanguard of robust monitoring systems. The 12th Plan would also focus on skill-building for employability among minority youth in all MsDP blocks and towns through direct linkages with the National Skill Development Mission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "17458754", "title": "Zoo guard suspended", "text": "MOHALI: Chhatbir Zoo authorities have suspended a forest guard Kuldeep Singh and initiated a departmental probe against him in connection with the alleged theft of an Indian Great Horned Owl (bubo bubo bengalensis) at the zoo.Singh was found negligent during an internal enquiry on August 28. The suspension order against Singh was issued on Saturday. Zoo director Manish Kumar confirmed the development.Chhatbir Zoo authorities have suspended a forest guard Kuldeep Singh and initiated a departmental probe against him in connection with the alleged theft of an Indian Great Horned OwlManish Kumar said, \"Singh was looking after the owl and was also responsible for its security.\" According to sources, there were three Indian Great Horned Owls in the cage when one was stolen. The cage keys were in the custody of guard Singh, sources added.Chhatbir Zoo range officer Ravinder Singh lodged a police complaint at police station Zirakpur in this regard. Meanwhile, police have failed to make any headway in the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17456841", "title": "Spotlight on Vivekananda at lit conference", "text": "LUCKNOW: President Sri Ramkrishna Math, Lucknow Swami Muktinathananda Lucknow on Sunday asked the public to create a temple inside themselves instead of constructing it in the city. \"Even Swami Vivekananda always preached about it,\" said Swami Muktinathananda. He was speaking at the 10th annual literary conference. The conference was celebrating the 150th birthday of Swami Vivekananda. Swami Muktinathananda also said that for the peace of mind, every person should provide help to the needy.In the conference, former CBSE chairman Ashok Ganguly discussed the work of renowned poet Atul Prasad Sen. He also spoke about Swami Vivekananda and said that the youth needs to be innovative rather than imitative. He added that rage and revenge had been prevailing in today's society.tnnAmalendu Dutta, the editor of Mukhapatro, a Bengali magazine, said that AP Sen was a visionary and had designed the first blueprint of the city.Senior advocate Umesh Chandra discussed the achievements of late Robin Mitra, advocate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17458345", "title": "Gujarat University exams from today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: From Monday, over 30,000 students will appear for the third semester exams conducted by the Gujarat University. The exams will be held for second-year students of arts, commerce, and science faculties.Officials of colleges said that the GU had failed to issue hall tickets to the students. Over the past two days, the GU had directed the colleges to take computer printouts of hall tickets for students.GU officials said that they have directed all colleges to compulsorily send observers for the exams as a large number of GU staff is engaged in election-related duties.In fact, a major training programme for the forthcoming assembly elections has been scheduled on December 5,6 and 7. On those days more staff from colleges will be needed for supervisory work.Officials said that the exams will be over by December 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17458323", "title": "Malkajgiri water project crosses major hurdle", "text": "HYDERABAD: A high-level committee has cleared the detailed project report (DPR) for the proposed World Bank-funded Rs 300 crore drinking water supply project for Malkajgiri.A Germany-based firm Lahmeyer has submitted the DPR to the Andhra Pradesh Municipal Development Project (APMDP) of the Municipal Administration and Urban Development (MA&UD;) officials last week. The steering committee, headed by secretary, MA&UD;, Adhar Sinha, approved the DPR and sent it to the government for administrative sanction.\"A few months ago, Lahmeyer had done a survey on water supply status in Malkajgiri. The World Bank will fund the Rs 300 crore drinking water project. The project aims to supply 24/7 water to Malkajigiri circle. The APMDP will implement the water supply project,\" secretary, MA&UD;, Adhar Sinha told TOI.The government has sent the DPR to the World Bank for its nod for financial help. \"Once the World Bank gives its nod, the government will issue a GO, according administrative sanction. It will take at least six months for the project to be grounded. Once the government gives administrative sanction, then global tenders will be floated. The project will be started by 2013-end. The project might be completed by 2016,\" the official said.However, Adhar Sinha clarified that the proposed drinking water project was linked to the Godavari project. Also, the Godavari pipeline would be passing through Malkagiri area. \"Once the Godavari drinking water project is commissioned, it will be easy for us to implement the proposed drinking water supply scheme to Malkajgiri,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17458838", "title": "2 arrested for trespassing, hooliganism", "text": "LUDHIANA: Daresi police arrested two accused for thrashing a man and hooliganism in Kachhi Gali, near old city, on Saturday night and registered a case against them.Among a group of about a dozen youths, only Jaspreet Singh and Pappu could be nabbed, while the others managed to flee after creating ruckus in a shop in the area.Rakesh Khanna, a city journalist's father heard unusual noise and came out of his house when the youth were vandalizing a shop next to his house. He took them for robbers and tried to raise an alarm, but the youths injured him and all except the two caught, fled the spot before they could be nabbed.Salem Tabri SHO Sanjiv Kumar said they are carrying raids to nab the rest of the accused and would soon succeed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457788", "title": "Western Railways rakes in Rs 5.8cr from ticketless travellers", "text": "MUMBAI: The Western Railway (WR) booked 1.64 lakh commuters in October, which included Navratri, for travelling without a valid ticket. Fines to the tune of nearly Rs 5.84 crore were recovered from the ticketless travellers.WR chief public relations officer Sharat Chandrayan said, \"We also registered 469 cases of illegal transfer of reserved tickets (for long distance journeys) and fines to the tune of Rs 3.57 lakh were recovered. During the same period, 1,024 beggars and unauthorized hawkers were apprehended.\" They were prosecuted and fined. During the same month, 198 checks were conducted against touts and other anti-social elements. As a result, 363 persons were apprehended and prosecuted under sections of the Railways Act. Of those apprehended, four were sent to jail.The WR has a Surakshini squad comprising women ticket checkers and RPF personnel. The squad caught 603 beggars and evicted them from railway premises in October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457914", "title": "BMC told to draw up plan to remove memorial", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has asked municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte to draft an action plan to remove the makeshift memorial to Bal Thackeray at Shivaji Park at the earliest.\"Kunte, in consultation with police commissioner Satya Pal Singh, will take a decision on the removal of the temporary structure. All will depend on the availability of security personnel. We will ensure there is no law and order problem in the event the structure is removed in a day or two. The government's instructions to the BMC and the police chief are clear,\" a senior Congress minister told TOI on Sunday.The minister said there was no question of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan interacting either with Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray or any other senior leader from the party. \"Chavan did not speak to Uddhav. The Shiv Sena was granted permission to erect the structure for the specific purpose of holding Thackeray's cremation. It was the responsibility of the Sena to remove the structure and we had expected the party to clear the site in a day or two. As Sena leaders have not taken any steps to remove the structure, we have asked the BMC to step in,\" the minister said.A week ago, Chavan , when asked to comment on Sena's demand for a memorial at Shivaji Park, had said, \"No further construction is allowed at Shivaji Park. In such circumstances, it would be wrong to concede to the Sena's demand.\" Pointing out that Chavan has been at the receiving end for granting permission for the cremation at the park, the minister said, \"In such a situation, he will not allow construction of a memorial at Shivaji Park.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17456941", "title": "Humain chains to clean Ganga", "text": "LUCKNOW: Human chains were formed in cities situated on the banks of river Ganga in the five states and union territory as part of the second phase of Ganga Samagra Abhiyan-led by senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader Uma Bharti on Sunday.While Uma along with thousands of BJP workers and supporters of clean Ganga campaign formed human chain in Kanpur, the city, which has dubious distinction of adding maximum pollution with its leather tanneries, senior BJP leaders including Gorakhpur MP Yogi Adityanath, newly-appointed BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi, Lucknow MP Lalji Tandon and hordes of other formed the human chain in front of Vidhan Bhawan to express solidarity with clean Ganga campaign.At Kanpur, Uma Bharti said the five states and union territory from where Ganga passes as also the Central government will have a to take the pledge to keep Ganga clean. It should be taken on priority, she added.Team Uma informed mediapersons that 15 to 20 lakh people assembled from Ganga Sagar in West Bengal to Gangotri in Uttarakhand and formed the human chain in the districts from where Ganga passes.Later in the day, Uma Bharti reached state BJP office and congratulated Bajpayi for being re-elected as the state BJP chief for next three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17459116", "title": "Maid-to-order: Training to churn out smarter helps", "text": "KOLKATA: If your domestic help is a clumsy, bumbling woman who can't handle kitchen gadgets, don't lose heart. Soon, she would be able to brush up her microwave operating skill, learn to lay a perfect table and greet you with a smile and a polite 'namaste'.The state government is going to launch a three-day training programme for maid servants across sub-divisions as well as the city. The idea is to help them enhance their skills and improve their earning ability. The training programme, which will start from mid-December, will be conducted in the post-noon session as most trainees would otherwise be busy in their profession during the first half of the day.A similar training programme had been organized jointly by the International Labour Organization (ILO), the ministry of labour and employment and the Delhi government to train domestic workers in the Capital and Noida.The trainees will be offered a stipend of Rs 100 daily for attending each three-four hour session. Senior officials said that they will also be awarded a certificate of participation that will help to improve their earning and clinch jobs in other states.The aim is to train particularly those migrating from villages who falter while operating gadgets in city homes. In the training workshop, labour officials plan to give them a lesson on social security and tell them how they can avail various social schemes offered by the government. An official said that 95% of female workers in the city area were involved in household chores.This training programme will improve their work skills, including work discipline and manners. Moreover will also be discussed. The labour department has already conducted some pilot training camps in the state and found that similar training will help.Labour minister Purnendu Bose said: \"For many unskilled and illiterate women, domestic work is the only source of income. But they are often underpaid. This programme is designed so that they can earn more. We have found that those we had trained at the previous camp had been able to get better jobs.\" Bose added that the main objective was to train them so that they operate various gadgets ranging from gas, washing machine, microwave, induction cooker, solar heater and CCTV. \"They will also be taught to handle bank accounts so that they do transactions and run their own accounts.\"The officials who have designed the training module said that they were planning to stress on the hygiene aspect, particularly for those wanting to be baby-sitters. They will also be trained to take phone calls and operate remotes of air-conditioners, TVs, DVDs. Besides, the trainees will be groomed to handle elderly sick people. They will learn to deal with crisis situations as well, like handling an injured child or an elderly person.Moreover, safety standards for operating geysers and electric mains will be part of the curriculum, other than personal hygiene. The training will also include understanding components of urban meal, managing kitchens, serving cooked food in formal environment along with handling pets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457864", "title": "Cuffe Parade building to get notice for defunct system", "text": "MUMBAI: The fire brigade will soon send a notice to the management of Cuffe Parade's Jolly Maker-1 for not keeping its fire-fighting equipment in working condition. \"The sprinklers and fire extinguishers were not working,\" said a senior fire official. \"A notice will be issued to the building under the Maharashtra Fire Prevention &amp; Life Safety Measure Act.\"Residents said the society had informed them that a fire-fighting system worth Rs 15 lakh was installed in the building three months ago. With Sunday's fire exposing the tower's non-functional fire-fighting apparatus, residents are upset with the society management for not keeping the system in working condition.A senior official said that firemen had tried to operate the tower's internal fire-fighting system but it didn't work. \"Our men had to carry their fire-fighting apparatus to the 19th floor where the fire had started,\" an officer told TOI.According to fire brigade norms, buildings that have more than seven storeys must instal fire-fighting system. Under the rules, a high-rise should have a wet riser system comprising underground and overhead water tanks connected through a riser with an outlet on each floor. While the ground floor should have a courtyard hydrant, the building should have an alternate electricity supply and lights in the rescue and exit passages should be connected to an independent power source. Sprinklers, if any, should be working.The fire brigade, which conducts an annual inspection of high-rises in the city, said that most buildings have ignored the norms and are potential fire traps.So far, over 600 buildings have been served notices and are expected to make the suggested changes.From next year, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) will have a special cell with 100 firemen to inspect high-rises, malls, multiplexes and commercial complexes for their fire safety compliance.Times ViewEnsure norms complied withIt's a pity that housing societies do not attach much importance to instal fire-fighting measures and its regular upkeep.Residents and developers of high-rise buildings must ensure that the fire protection norms are complied with and the equipment undergo regular maintenance.It is also expected that the BMC carries out frequent inspection of buildings, especially high-rises, and take the defaulters to task. With the city going vertical, the fire brigade should also be equipped with better fire-fighting measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17458312", "title": "Famous cousins give a perfect start!", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Times Hyderabad Festival took off to a rollicking start on Sunday evening with the heady jugalbandi of the Colonial Cousins -- Hariharan and Leslie Lewis. The jazzy rhythm, contemporary lyrics and perfect synchronization between the duo, coupled with a dash of the 90s 'touch' made the two-hour-long musical journey, one that Hyderabadis will affectionately recollect for a long time to come.From the word go, the celebrated 'cousins' of fusion music had the audience -- who had poured in large numbers at the sprawling gardens of the Quli Qutub Shahi Tombs -- grooving to their signature tracks, generously peppered with sargams, racey beats and instrumental brilliance. If the 'restless youth' could barely stop screeching with excitement on seeing their childhood 'heroes' play live before them, others were left speechless by the power of the towering on-stage jodi -- their graying hair and growing age notwithstanding.Be it the soft notes of the Indian Rain or the high-pitched choruses of Let Me See the Love, 'Hari' and 'Les' (as they fondly address each other) touched every chord with ease and accuracy. Their little jigs and one-liners added that extra touch of charm to the music that left the audience not just mesmerized, but craving for more. Every now and then, the packed stands were heard breaking into loud cheers and applauses or just humming along with the ace singers who didn't seem to tire of pleasing their fans with one popular track after another. The journey that began with Gonna Be Alright seamlessly continued with The Way We Do It, with a short 'Bollywood stopover' at Tu Hi Re (film: Bombay). Hariharan's almost surreal voice pepped up with the 'western' texture of Leslie's vocals brought every song -- a rage during the end of the last century -- alive once again.\"I am overwhelmed with a sense of nostalgia. I had never imagined that the music that I grew up listening to would sound so comforting even after so many years,\" said Tejas K, a young professional from the city who was seen having a blast with his gang of friends, all in their early 30s.The audience jumped up with joy when the 'cousins' played a teaser of their hugely popular number Kai Zhala. By the time the duo started to croon the song, the gathering was on its feet, either shaking a leg or just clapping to the beats of the chartbuster. Keeping up with the tempo of the two stars was the much-talented bunch of accompanists who too left no stone unturned to enthrall the Hyderabadi junta. Be it the harkats of the flutist, the 'attitude' of the drummer, magic of the two guitarists or the robust voices of the chorus singers, everything seemed to blend in effortlessly with the music, created straight from the heart by the two geniuses.\"Their songs touch you. They either fill you with joy or move you to tears. The emotions are so real,\" said Sonal Singh, another listener from among the audience. Such was the magic of the night that everybody leaving the historic site at the end of the show was heard whispering, Once More, please.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17461389", "title": "Nikhil Advani's 'Chand Bhai' shelved?", "text": "Filmmaker Nikhil Advani's film 'Chand Bhai' with actress Vidya Balan is most likely shelved. The film was to be made with Akshay Khanna and Balan. On if the film has been shelved, Nikhil told PTI, \"I think so it has.\"'Chand Bhai' was supposed to be story of a boy on the streets who wanted to be a gangster. It was a raw realistic song less film on juvenile delinquency.After his directorial debut with Karan Johar's home production 'Kal Ho Na Ho', Nikhil's films like 'Salaam-e-Ishq' and 'Chandni Chowk To China' were box office dud while 'Patalia House' did average business.\"I don't feel bad when people associate me with 'Kal Ho Na Ho', it is a great film. As a director one needs to grow and keep making stories that I want people to hear,\" Nikhil said.\"Today's cinema has changed a lot. Films like 'Vicky Donor', 'Paan Singh Tomar', 'English Vinglish', 'The Dirty Picture' are all working. As long as there is a good story people will come to watch. It is a wonderful time to make films,\" he said.Nikhil had earlier worked as an assistant to Karan Johar in films like ' Kuch Kuch Hota Hai' and ' Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham' . \"There are no plans as of now to make films with Dharma Production. If we have an interesting idea and if it is possible then we will come together for a film,\" Nikhil said.Presently, the director is working on his high octane action film ' D Day'. The movie is about a bunch of RAW agents who are sent by the Indian government to bring Dawood Ibrahim from Pakistan by road.\"As action films are doing well these days, that is one of the reasons why I am making this film. It is not at all like this. The kind of action one will see in 'D Day' is very different. That is the risk in the film, it is very real. It has real action,\" Nikhil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17457677", "title": "CM condoles death of ex-officer", "text": "GURGAON: A condolence meeting was organized in Gurgaon on Sunday to condole the death of former Haryana cadre IAS officer Rajeshwar Dayal Sheokand. Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda participated in the condolence meeting. Sheokand died on November 26 in a road accident near Karnal. He was 64 years old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457282", "title": "BMC engineer held for graft", "text": "MUMBAI: A junior engineer of BMC (H ward) was caught red-handed on Saturday while accepting Rs 40,000 at Prabhat Colony in Santa Cruz (E).The ACB has booked the accused, Deepak Manjre, under the Prevention Of Corruption Act. Manjre has been remanded in police custody. According to the ACB, on Friday, Manjre went to the complainant's flat and asked the workers to stop the repair work that was going on. The complainant, who was not at the flat, had undertaken major repair works. The engineer left a message, asking the owner to come to the ward office.The complainant met Manjre, who threatened to send him a show-cause stop-work notice and demanded Rs 50,000. The complainant agreed to pay but immediately lodged a complaint with the ACB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17461635", "title": "Fatima Bhutto rubbishes reports of launching political career", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The granddaughter of former Pakistan premier Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto and daughter of the late Murtaza Bhutto has dismissed media reports about her advent into politics for the upcoming elections.\"Tribune story exists only in the galloping imagination of the author. It is obviously, wildly untrue,\" The Express Tribune quoted Fatima Bhutto , as saying in micro-blogging website Twitter.Earlier, the paper had quoted her mother, Ghinwa Bhutto, as saying that Fatima has decided to put long-standing speculations to rest and embark on a political career.\"Pakistan People's Party-Shaheed Bhutto (PPP-SB) Chairperson Ghinwa Bhutto announced that Fatima - granddaughter of former premier Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto and daughter of the late Murtaza Bhutto - will compete in the upcoming elections from Liaquatpur town of Liaqatpur tehsil in Rahim Yar Khan district of Punjab for the NA-192 seat,\" the paper had earlier reported.Fatima, who has published a deeply controversial book on the life and times for her late father, has been a vocal critic of the current government run by her estranged relatives. She has, for years, rubbished the chances of entering politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17461450", "title": "'Kamasutra 3D' to have Aura 3D sound technology", "text": "Rupesh Paul's Kamasutra 3D seems to bring in more surprises. The film will make use of Aura 3D sound technology, which hasn't been used much in Indian cinema. Says director Rupesh, \"What is different about Aura 3D technology is that the audience will experience sound from overhead as well. The technology we have as of now, offers sound from the left, right and maximum from the back as well. The new technology will help filmmakers stay truer to the script by making the sound much more real.\"For example, he explains, \"If it's an overhead shot of a helicopter, the sound will come from overhead and the audience will feel like looking up.\" The only issue is that, currently, theatres in India are not equipped to support this technology. But Kamsutra 3D will release only in May 2013, and by that time, our multiplexes will surely bring in the new sound system, at least in major cities, he explains.Currently, the facility is available only in certain theatres in Europe and the US. It was set up in a theatre in Chennai recently for the screening the trailer of Kamal Haasan-starrer Vishwaroopam , but not permanently. \"It is quite expensive, and we are bringing in the best of sound engineers from India and abroad, but the results are worth it. Also, it is of use only if a film requires such shots. Kamasutra will have a few, like that of an Ayurvedic Dhara treatment,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17461700", "title": "SIT is duty-bound to give all documents to Zakia Jafri: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has asked the SIT chief to examine whether all documents relating to filing of closure report on Zakia Jafri's complaint about CM Narendra Modi's alleged involvement in 2002 riots had been given to her or not.The SIT, headed by former CBI chief R Raghavan, had on the SC's order investigated Jafri's complaint but had found that there was no prosecutable evidence against the Gujarat CM.Jafri in her petition had alleged that several important documents were not given to her by the SIT.Raghavan told the court that every document was given to her.The apex court asked the SIT to respond by December 10 but it refused to stay trial court order throwing out Jafri's intervention in trial proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457336", "title": "A K Walia fiat to DDA: Clear projects now", "text": "NEW DELHI: With work on two dozen Delhi government projects stuck for years, the health and higher education departments have asked DDA \u00e2\u20ac\u201d responsible for the delay \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to clear the projects at the earliest. The list includes over eight proposed hospitals, four technical and skill centres, parking lots, parks and 15-odd dispensaries.In a meeting on Thursday, minister A K Walia submitted the list of projects. Work on the projects, some held up four years, has not started despite getting a nod from the cabinet. Sources said all the projects are stuck due to land-use change, as most of the projects are coming up on gram sabha land. Files related to two 200-bed hospitals in Chhatarpur and Jwalapuri were cleared after the meeting. The foundation stone of the Chhatarpur hospital was laid by the chief minister in October 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17459088", "title": "Baguiati gangster runs extortion racket from jail", "text": "KOLKATA: It seems that arrests could hardly tame the gangsters who were running crime syndicates and extortion rackets in Baguiati-Narayanpur area on the northern fringes of the city. Dreaded gangster Debajyoti Ghosh alias Babai and his henchmen, who are cooling their heels behind bars at Dum Dum Central Correctional Home, are allegedly making threat calls to some traders demanding money. Sources said they had even planned to murder a trader who denied to pay Babai.Babai, a notorious gangster active in Baguiati, Teghoria, Jyangra and Narayanpur areas on the northern fringes of the city, was intercepted with one of the largest arms hauls of recent times from the city. Apart from running crime syndicates in the area, he was involved in arms smuggling, FICN circulation and used to pump money into real estate trade.Officers of Bidhannagar Commissionerate rounded up Babai and his gang members and recovered more arms and ammunition in August this year. More than 30 fire arms and nearly 500 rounds of ammunition were recovered from his gang members. Babai and his gang members are now lodged at Dum Dum jail, but still making threat calls to local traders from whom he used to get money. \"Few days back, Babai had called me up and asked for money. He also told me that he would send one of his close aides to collect the money,\" said a realtor at Narayanpur area. The realtor alleged that Babai had also threatened him of severe consequences if he denied to pay him the money.After the arrest of Babai, probe revealed that Baguiati-based realtor Prasenjit Ray's murder was plotted by him. In July this year, bike-borne criminals shot down Ray near his residence after a long chase. And the traders herewho once were scared of Babai and his men,are again feeling insecure after they started receiving calls from Babai. A bar owner on VIP Road has also received similar call and reportedly paid Babai. Most of these traders did not report to the police fearing that Babai's men might kill them. But things turned worse after the police found that Babai had hired two notorious criminals to gun down a trader.Sources said that in jail, Babai met a notorious contract killer Jheel, from the Kamarhati area. \"He hired two other contract killers Azad and Faiyaz Khan with the help of Jheel,\" added sources.Police said that Azad hails from Beraberi area of Narayanpur, but in recent times he is shuttling between his Kamarhati and Rajabazar hideouts. His aide Fiayaz is camping near Kakinara at Barrackpore industrial area. Sources also hinted that Babai, who used to act as a police mole, is still maintaining good rapport with some officers of special operation group of CID and officers posted at Barrackpore Commissionerate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17458376", "title": "CM Kiran Kumar Reddy, Owaisi war of words rock Assembly session", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy and MIM floor leader Akbaruddin Owaisi were involved in a slanging match of words in the Assembly on Sunday.When Owaisi alleged that funds allotted for minority welfare were being diverted, the CM refuted the charges of the MIM leader and asserted that the state government was committed to the welfare of SCs, STs, weaker sections and minorities and needed no one's certificate.Intervening during the debate on the SC/ST Sub-Plan Bill, the CM launched a scathing attack on Owaisi for his remarks on harassment of Muslim youth. The CM said law and order should not be taken into hands by any one. \"The government has done better than any other governments as far as welfare of Muslims is concerned. We don't need a certificate from MIM whether our government is secular,\" he said.He added, \"Whenever the issue of temple at Charminar comes up during a session, I clarify as to what would be done to protect everybody. I will not allow anybody to suffer due to the political plans of some parties.\" The MIM has seven seats in Old City due to the support of the Congress, the CM said.Earlier, Owaisi came down heavily on the government in general and the CM in particular, alleging that funds not only under SC and ST sub-plan but also those meant for welfare of minorities were diverted in the last eight years. \"The CM is a failure as he could not conduct a meeting of the apex committee on SC and ST sub-plan even once in the last two years. This shows how sincere the government is towards SC and ST welfare,\" he said.He demanded a white paper on SC/ST sub-plan funds. He alleged that the Bill has ignored the welfare of dalit Christians and dalit Muslims. He also alleged that funds from the 15-point Prime Minister programme meant for the welfare of minorities were also diverted.Reacting to the comments made by the CM, he said that the MIM had no pre-poll alliance with the Congress and entered into post-poll alliance with UPA after the elections. He stepped up his attack asserting that the MIM had won seven seats (in 2009) based on its own strength. \"We never had any alliance with the Congress. In fact, it was the Congress that allied with TRS and other parties. We supported the Congress only as a post-poll strategy. In the next elections, MIM will win 15 seats and Congress will be reduced to just 20,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17458856", "title": "Uma Bharti campaigns for Ganga", "text": "KANPUR: In an effort to raise awareness about rising pollution in river Ganga, Uma Bharti under her 'Ganga Samagra Yatra' campaign on Sunday along with hundreds of locals took part in 'aarti' programme at Sarsaiyya ghat and appealed people to save Ganga from pollution. Locals also formed a human chain on various ghats spreading awareness on Ganga.\"Ganga is highly polluted in Kanpur and we are making full efforts to create awareness about it,\" said Uma Bharti in the event. In the course of her campaign, she also visited Massacre, Parmat and Aspatal ghats. The BJP leader said the Ganga action Plan (GAP) launched to clean the river has turned out to be a total failure and now there is a need to evolve a consensus on the cleaning of the Ganga, from Gangotri to Gangasagar. She said the 'Ganga Samagra Yatra' volunteers alongwith the public will form a human chain across the country to create awareness about the issue and draw the attention of the government.Nearly, 25,000 citizens, students and members of various institutions participated in the campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457785", "title": "State to fast-track prepaid auto stands at railway terminus", "text": "MUMBAI: The transport department plans to expedite the setting up of prepaid auto stands at LTT and Bandra Terminus, after newspapers highlighted the plight of a starlet who got fleeced upon her arrival in Mumbai.Three more prepaid auto stands will come up at Borivli station, domestic and international airports. \"We are serious about setting up the prepaid auto booths that will then be handed over to the unions,\" said state transport secretary Shailesh Sharma.\"Prepaid services ensured that there were no refusals and passengers were assured of a safe journey without being fleeced. It also keeps the errant drivers at bay,\" he added.Such booths will be a boon for newcomers to Mumbai. \" Once you purchase a prepaid receipt, you don't have to pay a single paise extra. The driver's details are also noted before the commencement of journey and it becomes easy to locate him if there is a complaint from any passenger,\" Sharma added.Recently, an autorickshaw driver and his aide, were arrested for assaulting starlet Neelam Singh (21). On November 24, Neelam engaged an auto at Lokmanya Tilak Terminus after returning from a trip to Jhansi. According to the police, the driver and his accomplice intended to knock out a large sum of money from Neelam by driving her around the fringes of the city. However, the accused panicked when she began to ask them questions about the route and one of them tried to throttle her.If there been a prepaid auto stand at LTT, then Neelam would have reached her destination on time and without paying more than the metered fare, said transport department officials. According to RTO officials, a feasibility study was already conducted at Bandra Terminus and LTT. \"We will have to liaison with the railway authorities for setting up auto stands. The paperwork is under way,\" an official said.Auto union leader Shashank Rao said the association supported the setting up of prepaid booths. \"We have volunteered to run the booths and also set it up at the two stations and the international airport,\" Rao said.'99% autos fitted with e-meters recalibrated'Almost all autos fitted with the e-meters have been recalibrated, claimed the Regional Transport Office (RTO).A couple of hundred auto e-meters remain to be recalibrated, said officials. \"You will no longer have to refer to a tariff card if you board an e-meter fitted autorickshaw,\" said regional transport officer (Wadala) Vikas Pandkar.\"In the past, commuters had to refer to corresponding fares on the tariff card as most e-meters showed a minimum fare of Rs 12. But now you can pay according to the meter reading,\" he added. Nearly 12,000 autos with mechanical meters were to be recalibrated at the Wadala RTO, while the corresponding figure in the western suburbs was 28,000. The government plans to extend the recalibration deadline by a few weeks. However, state transport commissioner V N More, who said unions want an extension till early next year, plans to forward a proposal to the government.Auto union leader Thampy Kurien wants the deadline be extended to March 31 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17461501", "title": "Now, solar-powered bonsai to charge your mobile", "text": "LONDON: A French designer has created a unique bonzai tree that will not only look pretty on your coffee table but also charge your mobile and other gadgets using solar energy.Created by designer Vivien Muller, 'The Electree+' has 27 miniature silicon solar panels - or 'leaves' - that can be arranged in any style the users want to create their own unique tree.The designer said he was inspired to make the product after observing real trees, noticing that their leaves acted as natural solar panels.The base of the device conceals a battery that stores the solar energy and at full capacity it can hold enough power to charge an iPad twice and can charge a phone in just four hours, the 'Daily Mail' reported.The tree conceals a USB connection underneath its wood-topped base unit.Muller is waiting to receive 400 presale orders for the product before commencing production.The bonsai tree will cost 283 pounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17457248", "title": "AU not quite enabled to facilitate disabled students", "text": "ALLAHABAD: From among thousands of students pursuing various courses at Allahabad University, there are around 125 on the campus, who despite some disability or the other are more punctual in attending classes and share a close bond with teachers. They beam with confidence when it comes to negotiating with the hurdles of life.On the occasion of the International Day of Disabled Persons (December 3), TOI spoke to some of the differently-abled students at AU. Although they belong to different economic backgrounds or have different personal problems, a day on the campus comes with a different set of challenges which they are able to meet with a little help from friendly classmates and from the facilities of the centre started recently to meet their special needs. Sadly, AU is not too facile for students with physical handicaps. Unavailability of ramps at different departments and offices hinders their movement. Santosh (name changed), who after passing BA from CMP Degree College is pursuing MA in AU. \"Things are fine with me as study is my primary aim, but since my class is on the first floor, reaching there is tough for me. Same is the case with any of the offices of AU or central and departmental library\", he added. While some of the students of AU are visually challenged, most of them are unable to walk without help or calipers. The university authorities do distribute calipers and tricycles every year to these students, but their movement could be smoother if there were ramps instead of or parallel to stairs.Several departments of the AU are highly uneven and a challenge for the blind or the handicapped. Same is the case with the central library wherein the reading hall for the undergraduate and postgraduate students is on the first floor and since the architecture of the library follows the old style, the first floor is a bit higher compared to modern buildings.\"This is a genuine problem and should be taken care of. The library authorities are ready to make special arrangements for the differently-abled students of AU, like making them sit on the ground floor, if someone among them comes and requests so,\" said the library authorities.Yet, all departments, barring JK and Centre of Behavioral and Cognitive Sciences, do not have a ramp. Be it the office of the dean student welfare (DSW), which is visited by every student of AU, or any other. \"We are concerned about problems being faced by such students and will try out to find a way out,\" said dean student welfare, Prof R K Singh.V-C has asked officials to construct facilities for physically challenged students and district administration too came forward to provide monetary help under Government of India's Scheme for Implementation of Persons with Disabilities (Equal Opportunities, Protection of Rights and Full Participation) Act (SIPDA). The district administration asked AU to prepare a budget proposal and among the facilities, the university would be given money for constructing ramps in public building, adaptation of toilet for wheel chair users, Braille symbols and auditory singles in elevators or lifts etc. But there is no progress in that matter.International Day of People with Disability (December 3) is an international observance promoted by the United Nations since 1992. The observance of the day aims to promote an understanding of disability issues and mobilise support for the dignity, rights and well-being of persons with disabilities. It also seeks to increase awareness of gains to be derived from the integration of persons with disabilities in every aspect of political, social, economic and cultural life. It was originally called 'International Day of Disabled Persons' and each year the day focuses on a different issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17457123", "title": "Madhya Pradesh wants CBI probe into CD fiasco", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) MP Ajay Kumar will file a supplementary petition in the high court seeking a CBI probe into the purported audio tape which had shown him in conversation with Maoist leader Samarji in the run-up to the 2011 Jamshedpur Lok Sabha byelection, alleging that police had hatched a conspiracy to frame him.The MP has claimed that the phone number which the Naxalite leader used to talk to him actually belongs to another Maoist rebel, Mahavir Oraon, who is currently in Gumla jail. \"The mobile phone that was seized from Oraon by police has the same phone (numbesr) used by Samarji to hold conversations with me,\" Kumar said alleging that it was on the behest of the government that police conspired to frame him in a false case.The MP alleged fresh developments were enough to infer that the Arjun Munda government was hell-bent on spoiling his political career through nefarious designs and therefore a CBI inquiry would do justice to the case.He said the CID inquiry which the government ordered to probe the matter initially was actually an exercise to settle the issue. \"But following the high court notice to all parties in the case, including DGP G S Rath and BJP state president Dineshanand Goswami, in response to the original criminal writ filed by me in August 2011, the CID woke up from deep slumber and is now claiming that it will conduct my voice sample test,\" said Kumar.He said from the very beginning he had been claiming that the voice in the tape was his and required no voice sample test.\"A Jamshedpur-based Congress MLA and a senior Ajsu leader of Ghatshila have also accepted their conversation with the Maoist leader in question but the government prepared the CD recording his conversations only,\" the MP said. Kumar said a sub-inspector, who was instrumental in recording his conversation with the Maoist rebel in the capacity of being in-charge of the technical wing in the district police department, has now been appointed the in-charge of a police station in Seraikela-Kharswan district in reward.\"Oraon's case no is 84/2010 (Chandwa police station) and he is facing charges under Arms Act, loot and theft among other cases,\" Kumar's advocate Sudhir Kumar Pappu said.The MP has said he will also meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and seek his intervention for a CBI probe into the CD episode.The audio tape was released by the BJP during the byelection in July 2011 accusing Kumar of having links with rebels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "cuttack (odisha)", "code": "17461948", "title": "Odisha Teachers' Eligibility Test held successfully on Sunday", "text": "CUTTACK (ODISHA): More than one lakh school teachers on Sunday appeared Odisha Teachers' Eligibility Test (OTET) conducted by State Board of Secondary Education ( BSE ). Board sources said at least 1,45,065 teachers had wished to take the one-day examination and accordingly 392 examination centers were set up across the State.\"The OTET scheduled for two sittings on the day went off smoothly at all the designated centers and there was no untoward incident reported from any parts till evening,\" the Board President D P Nanda said adding that the district administrations, including the local police extended all help for the smooth conduct of the examination.The eligibility test conducted for the teachers was held for the first time in the State as it was an essential eligibility criterion for any teacher under National Council for Teachers' Education. The State government had earlier decided to hold this test in July this year but it was deferred to this month following an order of Orissa high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17459060", "title": "Govt still goes red, but schools start lessons", "text": "KOLKATA: With the governments still sitting on the idea, some city schools have introduced sex education informally. For, the writing on the wall is loud and clear: In the days of explosion of sex in the media, carnal knowledge is a must for school-going children for their own good.Take nine-year-old Amisha for instance. Recently, she spotted four-letter words scribbled on the walls of the toilet of her school. \"She called them 'dirty words' and would spell them instead of uttering. I was shocked. It's time sex education was introduced in schools,\" said her mother Suhasi Mitra.Loren Mirza, principal, La Martiniere for Girls, said: \"Children should be given sex education the right way, through proper channels.\" Her school teaches sex education in the form of various programmes and sessions by gynaecologists and special guests who would give insights into \"certain aspects of life\".The programmes, introduced from Class VI, are split into moral science and life science classes. \"Students are told about anatomy and most importantly, about bad touch and good touch. Our first priority is to protect them from child abuse. It is also important to make them worldly-wise,\" said Mirza. LMG has also initiating some of these programmes in the lower classes by way of \"hygiene lessons\".MB Girls has adopted the \"friendly way\" of imparting sex education. There are counsellors who inform students about menstrual periods, the opposite sex and relationship between the sexes. \"In India, sex education continues to remain a debatable issue and no more. Since policy-makers are looking the other way, individual schools have to make the first move,\" said principal Malini Bhagat.Educationist Sunanda Sanyal felt it's all because India has been on a denial on sex education. \"The content of sex education as proposed by WHO is not acceptable to Indian sensibilities. I wonder why,\" he said. According to him, parents should begin the sex education process long before it starts in school, but it is very important to introduce formal sex education in the classroom.In 2009, a parliamentary committee in the Rajya Sabha wrote its report on the petition seeking a national debate on introduction of sex education in schools in response to the HRD ministry's decision to provide sex education to students from Class VI in CBSE-affiliated schools. The report suggested no sex education be given, but the House panel was willing to include appropriate chapters in the biology syllabus, but not before Plus-Two. And that chapters like 'Physical and Mental Development in Adolescents' and 'HIV/AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases (STD)' were to be removed from the existing curriculum and included in the books of biology at the 10-plus stage.\"Ratan Laskar, general secretary of the Secondary Teachers and Employees Association, resolved to return to his path of agitation if the Bengal government dared introduce sex education in schools. According to him, the material on sex education or, as it is euphemistically called 'Jiban Shailee', can be embarrassing for school teachers. \"The Bengal government tried to introduce sex education in schools in 2003. We are proud that our member teachers managed to convince the board that it couldn't be introduced because of practical problems. How can you accept young boys sketching nude girls in the classroom?\"Sanyal argued that it is only reasonable that some sort of sex education should be imparted as there is constant mention of sex on TV or the web.Social scientist Karuna Chatterjee said, \"Sex education is not just information on sex. It must mean a complex understanding of not just biology and safe sex practices, but also reflect on relationships and responsibility. Teachers should be trained and non-judgmental. Topics addressed in the sex-education class can include anatomy, sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) and pregnancy.\"Children, when learning about sexual issues in school or outside, are likely to have many questions. The topic certainly can be confusing. \"Parents should be open to continuing the dialogue and answering questions at home. This is especially true if you want your children to understand sexuality within the context of your family values,\" Chatterjee said.Sex education is instruction on issues relating to human sexuality, including human sexual anatomy, sexual reproduction, reproductive health, emotional relations, reproductive rights and responsibilities and other aspects of human sexual behaviour. Common avenues of sex education are parents or caregivers, formal school programmes and public health campaigns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17458790", "title": "Man attempts to murder daughters, arrested", "text": "MANGALORE: Bajpe police have arrested an alcoholic who tried to kill his daughters and his neighbour's daughter by feeding bananas mixed with glass powder .The incident had occurred on Thursday. The arrested identified as Gangayya Gowda, 40, of Arkepadavu near here attempted to murder his daughters, Hemalatha, Sunitha and their friend Pooja. When the victims started bleeding in the mouth, neighbours admitted them to a hospital. He was arrested by police on Saturday and has been remanded to judicial custody. The accused works at a laterite quarry and was a habitual drinker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17461880", "title": "PC only member from Barfi cast at Marrakech", "text": "PC to attend the screening of three of her hit films as well as the grand dinners following them at the International Film Festival of Marrakech.It has been a fantastic year for Priyanka Chopra ! After getting several accolades for her performance in Barfi , she had her momentum going with her international single \"In My City' and now the dusky beauty is all set to spend two special days at the International Film Festival of Marrakech in Morrocco .Priyanka will be attending the festival where three of her Bollywood films will be screened. A source close to the actor says, \"Priyanka will reach the festival late at night on December 6. On day one, Barfi will be screened. She will be the only one from the film's team who will be present there.\"The source adds, \"On day two, two of her other films - Don and Don 2 will be screened. Though Shah Rukh Khan (her co-star in the Don series) will be present at the festival during this time, Priyanka is the only one so far who has confirmed her attendance at the screening. The movie screenings on both days will be followed by a grand dinner party, which will also be attended by Priyanka. \"She is very excited about this as she's being given such a wonderful treatment there.\"PC who is busy shooting for her upcoming film Zanjeer , has taken time off from her schedule for the film festival. \"Many big names from Bollywood will be attending the festival. So she decided to go for at least two days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17458620", "title": "Cold tightens its grip across Himachal", "text": "SHIMLA: Himachal Pradesh continued to be gripped by chilling cold with minimum temperature plunging several degrees below zero in many parts of the state. Keylong town of Lahaul-Spiti on Sunday recorded minimum temperature of minus 6.9 degrees celsius while maximum temperature here was 2.1 degrees celsius.Water bodies, including lakes and ponds, have been frozen in Lahaul-Spiti, Kinnaur and Pangi-Bharmaur region of Chamba district. Shimla meteorological centre has predicted dry weather conditions in the state till December 6, which would further intensify the cold conditions.Tourist town Manali and Kalpa in Kinnaur district too are freezing with minimum temperature of 0.2 degree and zero degree respectively. Maximum temperature at Kalpa was 8.8 degrees celsius while maximum temperature in Manali was 12.8 degrees celsius.Shimla was relatively warmer compared to Manali with minimum temperature of 7.1 degrees. Maximum temperature here was 17.8 degrees Celsius. Though weather department has predicted dry weather conditions, Shimla district administration expecting snowfall in coming days has already geared up to tackle snowfall related problems and even held a meeting to chalk out strategy to deal with snow on roads.Dharamshala in Kangra district recorded minimum temperature of 7.4 degree celsius while maximum temperature here was 19.4 degrees. Una remained hottest in the state with maximum temperature of 23.8 degrees, but minimum temperature of 6.5 degree celsius here was lower than Shimla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17458852", "title": "Students, staff participate in 'langar seva' with fervour", "text": "LUDHIANA: The students and staff of Guru Nanak International Public School, Model Town, got a chance to participate in \"langar seva\", as the Parkash Utsav of Guru Nanak Dev was celebrated on the school campus, on Sunday.The school was colourfully decorated with lights and flowers, with the students and staff involved in volunteering for preparations a day in advance. On Sunday, the pious morning began with a recital of \"Japji Sahib\" by 51 students followed by \"Shabad Gyan\" under the patronage of Guru Granth Sahib.The ambience seemed divine with students dressed in whites singing hymns and poems along with the \"path\". Some delivered speeches and narrated the inspirational life of Guru Nanak Dev through their \"sakhis\". The hymns purified the atmosphere at the school and infused an aura of peace and strength. \"Nar Narha Namaskaran\", a \"shabad\" sung by the school music team enchanted one and all. Nursery student Ekampreet Singh recited \"Chaupai Sahib\" followed by the names of 10 sikh gurus.A speech by Gursimran Kaur of Class VIII, through which she emphasized on the importance of being human , was appreciated by every one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17459286", "title": "'We are using the public as our eyes and ears'", "text": "Deputy Commissioner of Police (Zone II), D S Swami, speaks about the activities undertaken by the police, the crime rate and challenges aheadWhy is there no respite from crimes like chain snatching and burglaries in areas like Ambad, Indiranagar, Nashik Road, etc?Our awareness drives have worked well and we have managed to bring down the crime rate. The only exception is the incidences of day-time house break-ins which have increased by a marginal 15 cases as compared to last year's figures.Criminals can easily be spotted during night patrolling, but it is difficult during the day. Criminals take advantage of the same. Further, people tend to take precautions during the night, but are less cautious during the day.Moreover areas like Ambad, Indirangar, Nashik Road, are close to roads leading outside the city. While Ambad and Indiranagar fall on either side of the Mumbai-Agra highway, Nashik Road falls on the Nashik-Pune road. Thus it becomes easier for criminals to commit a crime and escape.Has the appointment of a Deputy Commissioner helped?It is up to the public to decide. However, the crime rate has definitely come down. While it is the police personnel and officers at the police station level, who put in all the hard work to prevent and detect crimes, officers like us, concentrate on the areas of problem, evaluate them and then make an action plan. We have evaluated the crime scene of the last 10 years, taken note of the criminals, their backgrounds, their modus operandi, areas which are prone to body offences and those to property offences, places vulnerable to incidents of chain snatching and house break-ins and then acted on them. There have been cases where we have applied the Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous (MPDA), Act, and 23 people have been externed. All such things have helped in bringing down crime in areas like Rokdoba Wadi, Mal Dhakka Road, Sinnar Phata, Bajrang Wadi, etc.Apart from preventive measures, the police have also stepped up awareness drives. Are they yielding any results?Preventive measures have proved to be great deterrent in reducing overall crime. As against 228 cases under the Bombay Police Act last year, this year there has been an overall 1,084 cases.With regard to the awareness drive, our only aim is to sensitise people. Today it is not only the people from posh localities, but even those from the slums who are approaching us. Recently, it was on the information of the public that we could nab four people from the Nashik Road area and avert a major robbery. In the Rs one crore robbery case of a builder in Cidco area, we could nab the criminals in record time only because of the help from people.Have people lost faith in police personnel posted in police stations as there are increasing instances of people calling up higher officials?I give my mobile number to the public at all meetings. While this could be one of the reasons I keep getting calls from people, there are also chances that the experience with the personnel at the police station may not be pleasant. If there is some incident at some place, the station house officer will not be in a position to send help immediately. On the other hand, since we are constantly on the radio transceiver, we know who is deployed where and can thus send help immediately. The management on our part is done more effectively. This could be the reason why people prefer calling DCPs and ACPs. But officers at the police station level also work hard.Have incidences of robbing passengers come down?Yes, to a great extent. We have arrested almost all those who were involved in such crimes. First we checked autorickshaws randomly during night hours at Bytco Square, Trimurti Chowk, Vijay-Mamta (junction), etc. Some major criminals in house break-ins and chain snatchings were arrested by the Upnagar Police and Nashik Road police.With Nashik already on the surveillance of terror outfits, are the police also sparing a thought for this angle?Such things are always on the back of our minds. We have some important installations like the Currency Note Press, India Security Press, Artillery Centre, etc. Apart from the intelligence reports, we are using the public as our eyes and ears. Just like we are conducting meetings in residential colonies, we are also holding similar meetings in slum areas, meetings with autorickshaw drivers, labourers, food stall owners, vegetable vendors, etc. An effort is being made to reach out to everyone so that the public feels free to inform about any suspicious activity. Moreover, we are also asking managers and owners of hotels, lodges to maintain detailed information of people coming to them. Rooms are being given to guests only after checking their identification, the reason of coming to the city, etc. We have also asked to install CCTVs.How do you plan to control crimes in Cidco area which has become overcrowded with numerous lanes and bylanes and there have been cases of arson and other crimes?While there are advantages and disadvantages of crowded places, once the beat police chowkies get operational there will be focussed action on such areas. We plan to have 10 to 15 personnel at one beat chowky with two officers of the level of Police Sub-Inspector (PSI).What are the challenges you face?Maintaining police presence is essential. The moment police personnel are away from sight, crime will start happening on a larger scale. Awareness among people should also continue. The city is growing at a rapid pace. Police cannot be present everywhere. Thus house break-ins, chain snatchings will continue to happen. The police can take action against criminals only when they commit a crime also one cannot keep criminals behind bars all the time. Criminals need reformation. NGOs, political leaders will have to take the lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17456355", "title": "Rs 2.20 crore grant for geology department", "text": "VADODARA: The Central government has approved a grant worth Rs 2.20 crores for Department of Geology at M S University's Faculty of Science. The assistance will be given by Department of Science and Technology (DST) under Funds for Improvement of Science and Technology Infrastructure (FIST) programme for the next five years.This is the largest disbursement given under FIST programme to an individual department at MSU. The grant includes Rs 1.65 crore for purchase of major equipment and Rs 30 lakh for minor equipment. While Rs 20 lakh have been granted for maintenance of this equipment, Rs 5 lakh have been provided for creating networking facilities.The objective of this grant is to give a boost to the research activities at the department. It has been sanctioned on the basis of a detailed presentation by Professor L S Chamyal, head of Department of Geology, at a meeting of the FIST advisory board held on September 22 at Bangalore. The presentation contained futuristic plans to carry out high-quality research during the next five years.Before the approval of Rs 2.20 crores grant, the department which carries out research in the areas of structural geology, igneous and metamorphic petrology, climatology, hydrology and environmental geology, had received financial support of Rs 55 lakh from DST under the FIST programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17457338", "title": "First hospital on PPP basis to be fully operational", "text": "JAIPUR: The first hospital opened under public private partnership (PPP) in the state, Metro MAS Hospital and Heart Institute, will be fully operational with 220-bed facility in indoor wards and 80 critical care beds from Monday.The hospital started functioning on September 2 with OPD facility only. But, now from Monday onwards, the hospital will run all 36-super and multi-specialties, 7-bedded state-of-art dialysis unit, ultra modern hi-end 8 operation theaters, 24X7 emergency and cath lab services to handle all kinds of emergencies and a dedicated heart check-up unit.There would be 60 beds for indoor patients and as many as 20% of beds will be reserved for the BPL category, who will be treated free of cost. Around 30% beds would be reserved for government employees and pensioners. \"In this hospital 20% beds are reserved for BPL patients and will be treated absolutely free. The serving employees of government of Rajasthan and its pensioners are getting treatment at government rates (Sawai Man Singh Hospital rates),\" a hospital official said.The hospital is equipped with ultra modern equipment - Cath lab, CT Scan, Central Medical Gas, all kinds of ICUs (medical, surgical, neonatal, cardiac etc) central monitoring system to provide continuous monitoring by its nursing staff and doctors. The hospital has adopted National Accreditation Board for Hospitals and Healthcare Providers (NABH) guidelines.Dr Deepak Yaduvanshi, hospital's medical director, said, \"Till date the hospital was running services for 60 beds. From December 3 we will be fully operational with 220 beds and all specialties under one roof.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17456375", "title": "64.48% of Vadodara district population registered as voters", "text": "VADODARA: At the conclusion of the special summary revision, about 64.48% of the total population of Vadodara district, which has registered as electors, would be able to vote in the coming elections.Releasing constituency-wise information of elector percentage, here, on Sunday, election authorities said the percentage of voters in Vadodara was more than the state average.With nearly 16,000 new voters on the list after the latest revision, the total numbers of electors has gone up to 27.32 lakh (27,32,226), while the projected population of the district is 42.37 lakh (42,37,261). The maximum number of population registered as voters (2.37 lakh) reside in Raopura constituency, followed by Sankheda ( 2.34 lakh).While the total projected male population of Vadodara district is 21.91 lakh, only 14.19 lakh have registered themselves as voters. Out of the total projected female population (20.45 lakh )in the district, about 13.12 lakh have become registered voters.Meanwhile, the district has achieved 99.54% of EPIC coverage with 27.19 lakh voters having received their electoral photo identity cards (EPIC). Out of the 13 constituencies in the district, all voters of Savli, Vadodara (city), Sayajigunj, Akota, Padra and Karjan have been given EPIC, thus achieving 100% target.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17458534", "title": "No tenders for stalls at Khandagiri Mela", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) will not float tenders for stalls at the Khandagiri Kumbha Mela this year following allegations that the private agencies, who were given the contract in the past to set up stalls, sold the shops at exorbitant prices to poor vendors.Instead, vendors, who had set up stalls, would be allotted space if they furnish last year's land allotment receipts this time. \"We will not float tender this time. BMC will directly provide space to vendors. Many poor traders had complained against private agencies,\" BMC mayor A N Jena told TOI. The 10-day annual fair would be held on the foothills of Khandagiri from February 17.Before opting for the tender system, BMC used to allot land on a first-come-first-serve basis. But this gave rise to resentment as some people got more space while others were left with little land. There were allegations that some locals sold their stalls to others at higher prices after getting the space from BMC. The tender system came into vogue in 2010.About 450 makeshift stalls, each measuring 8x8 sq ft, would be erected on both sides of the road connecting NH-5 to the Khandagiri hills. Jena denied there will be any upward revision in stall licence price this time. Even the licence fee collected from jatra (opera) operators would remain unchanged. \"We will collect very reasonable price from vendors and jatra organizers,\" he said.Last year, BMC generated nearly Rs 11 lakh from stall licences and parking lots. At a preparatory meeting here on November 30, the corporators of Khandagiri, Ghatikia, Baramunda, Jagamara and Aiginia urged the corporation to start cleanliness drive and repair of defunct street lights. The civic body will set up a temporary office at the fair venue where health and food inspectors would be deployed to examine the food quality in eateries.The stalls are expected to have uniform colour and design. \"Last time we had appealed to the vendors to do up their stalls in uniform design and colour but they did not comply with it. This time we will pursue it more seriously,\" the mayor said.The Mela would coincide with Magha Saptami. Thousands of saints and pilgrims from across the country are likely to converge at the fair, being organised by the local village communities. \"The saints usually come to Chandrabhaga beach at Konark for a holy dip. Later they proceed for Khandagiri to participate in the rituals of holy fire (yajna) being conducted at the hill for the past 44 years,\" said local corporator (ward no 28) Sarojini Dalei said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17458821", "title": "On judgment day, kin await justice", "text": "LUDHIANA: The sentence in the murder case of Reema Jain, a businesswoman whose remains were found from a septic tank at her brother-in-laws factory in 2005, will be pronounced on Monday. Four people have been convicted in the case.The seven year old case has been one of the most perplexing cases from the city, involving many forensic tests and evidences in its course.While the curious city is awaiting the verdict, the deceased's children, particularly Jain's eldest son Bhanu and his family kept discussing the legalities of the case with their lawyers. Frisking through the case files all day, Bhanu prayed that \"justice to be delivered with the most stringent punishment\", capital by his opinion, for his uncle and three others who are convicted for his mother's murder.He recalled how his mother's skeletal remains had to be put through several forensic tests to confirm her identity and determine the possible cause of death after they were found in a septic tank from his uncle Anil Jain's factory.\"I had identified the slippers, a pen and a piece of embroidered cloth and was convinced that it was my mom's body. The biggest challenge was identification of the body by the police,\" he said.DNA samples from the remains were matched with Reema Jain's 68-year-old mother's DNA as the match with a mother is more accurate. The autopsy report confirmed the height matched with Bhanu's mother's and the skull superimposition confirmed her identity.A dentist from Rani Jhansi road also confirmed that she had come to him for dental treatment, as the skeletal remains suggested. He, however, said, that he couldn't identify the remains as they were shown to him in the court. \"The remains were brought in a trunk and were in jars. It was difficult to identify them.\"Bhanu, 27, along with his sister Bhanvi, 24 and brother Bharat, 17, prayed that the accused be given capital punishment. \"We want the accused be hanged, as my uncle has not only murdered my mother, but has also maligned the sanctity of relations,\" added Bhanu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "17459063", "title": "Jugalbandi of classical legends charms Dhaka", "text": "DHAKA: It was indeed a one-time experience. Even classical music regulars vouched that they had never seen a spectacle where doyens like Girija Devi and Birju Maharaj shared a stage. And when the two legends performed together, the audience was left awe-struck, making the third night of the four day Bengal-ITC SRA classical music festival - jointly organized by the Bengal Foundation and ITC-SRA - at Dhaka's army stadium a life-time experience.Kathak legend Birju Maharaj was resplendent despite his ill health. It was a 40-minute performance that started with vandana, \"sish mukuta kati\", went on to a teental (gat, tukra and tehai) and finally a thumri - More gagaria kaheko phori shyam.Octogenarian Girija Devi was gorgeous as usual and proved that age was nothing but a number. For nearly an hour, she sang raagas behag and mishra khambaj and then went to her signature thumris with effortless ease.The surprise came when the two legends then shared a performance. It was a Jugalbandi of sorts for 30 minutes when Girija Devi sang and Birju Maharaj showed Bhav (acted out) sitting by her.The programme was attended by Abul Mal Abdal Muhit, finance minister of Bangladesh, Gowher Rizvi, advisor to the Prime Minister, actor Shabana Azmi and Bharati Deveshwar, wife of ITC chairperson, YC Deveshwar.\"I had come to the programme because I wanted to see the two maestros perform live. I had never imagined that they would give us this surprise gift! I cannot explain how fulfilling the experience was,\" said Mehboob Hasan, a banker.Mahaboob Mohsin, a professor of the Dhaka University, echoed: \"There is no denying that in Bangladesh Bengali music thrives. However, no impetus is given to the classical genre. I often order my CDs from Kolkata.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "patna/muzaffarpur", "code": "17457905", "title": "Mob protests killing of minor girl, blocks NH-28", "text": "PATNA/MUZAFFARPUR: The police had to use mild force to disperse an irate mob that blocked Pansalwa Chowk on NH-28 at Motipur in Muzaffarpur district with the body of 15-year-old girl Soni Kumari and attacked the police team that had gone there to pacify them on Sunday.It may be mentioned here that Soni was beaten to death by two women on Saturday at Morsandi village under Motipur police station when she was digging a fruit 'kesaur' from the field of one, Rameshwar Rai. Rai's daughter and his maidservant mercilessly assaulted Soni resulting in her death.Police said that on Sunday at around 3 pm, Soni's body reached the village after autopsy. Seeing the body, the villagers became agitated and blocked NH-28 at Pansalwa Chowk demanding compensation and immediate arrest of the killers.On getting information, the Motipur police reached the spot and tried to pacify the villagers. However, the villagers chased away the policemen from the spot. Being outnumbered, the policemen retreated and informed senior officers about it. They also sought reinforcement.Later, DSP (west) Anoj Kumar reached the spot and tried to pacify the mob. The villagers started pelting the policemen with stones resulting in injuries to four policemen including Motipur SHO Nawal Kishore Rai. Apart from the Motipur SHO, who is a sub-inspector, over a dozen villagers also sustained injuries in stone pelting.With the situation getting out of control, the policemen regrouped and chased away the mob from the spot. According to eyewitnesses, the police fired six rounds in the air after lathicharge.However, Muzaffarpur SSP Rajesh Kumar denied police firing. He said that the mob had attacked the policemen and pelted them with stones when they reached there to clear the road blockade. He said that the police personnel later chased away the mob and adequate force was deployed there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17456733", "title": "Bird race to be held on December 16", "text": "NAGPUR: The countdown for 'HSBC Nagpur Bird Race', city's biggest annual daylong birding event, has started with 70 bird watchers registering their names. The race is slated for December 16.This is the sixth bird race being organized with the support of HSBC . \"Bird races are part of the multi-city India bird races programme for creating awareness, data collection for knowing status of birds in the region and to support various conservation efforts,\" says Sanjay Monga, organizer of the bird races.Coordinators of the race Tarun Balpande and Surendra Agnihotri said the event will be organized from 6am to 6pm followed by prize distribution and felicitation function.Each team will consist of 4 members headed by an experienced birder. The team will be given a list of birds to tick as they see or hear. The teams will be given a venue too but they can go to other places after visiting the given venue. The race will be in and around 30km radius from the city.Teams with more bird species will be given prizes besides prize for 'Bird of the day' and others. Volunteers are excited as a large number of migratory birds have arrived in lakes around the city.\"There is good bird activity on water bodies at Haladgaon, Paradgaon, Saikai and Vena lakes. European red-crested pochards, pintails, pied harriers, ospreys, black storks besides popular barheaded goose from Mongolia and other species have arrived in sizeable numbers,\" said Balpande.Last year, 161 bird species were identified in the race. \"This year, we expect the number to go up,\" said Agnihotri.There are 311 bird species in and around Nagpur. Bird lover Dr Arpit Bansal, working with a private medical college in the city, has added five new species to the checklist, said Balpande.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "17460972", "title": "Bharti Airtel looking for South African partner again: Report", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Bharti Airtel is trying to get a South African partner again, three years after its failed bid to link up with local giant MTN, a media report has said.The weekly Sunday Times , citing an unnamed source close to Bharti Airtel Africa, said the company is still seeking expansion on the African continent after it gained a presence in 15 north, west and east African countries following its acquisition of Zain Telecom's business on the continent soon after the MTN deal fell through.Industry speculation has been that Bharti Airtel wants to make a bid for either Cell C, the third largest mobile company in South Africa, or latest entrant 8ta, an offshoot of former state monopoly Telkom, the report said.With 8ta battling to gain a foothold, analysts felt that any bid by Bharti would be for Cell C instead, it added.The report said Cell C and Bharti Airtel did not comment on the latest speculation, while Telkom said there had been no approach made to it.There has also been speculation in recent weeks about a merger between Cell C and 8ta after Cell C chief executive officer Alan Knot-Craig hinted that a consolidation within the industry in South Africa was inevitable for it to be viable.Analyst Chris Gilmour told the weekly that although Cell C would be a likelier acquisition for Bharti Airtel than 8ta, it would probably be more expensive as it had a well-established infrastructure and customer base.8ta's main attraction to Bharti Airtel would be the access it currently has to a lot of 2.3GHz spectrum, which was a legacy from Telkom.But the industry regulator was unlikely to approve 8ta selling off this spectrum to anyone buying the company, especially since it was awarded to Telkom and not 8ta directly after hot contestation and protests by the other operators in the industry, according to analyst Arthur Goldstuck of Worlwideworx, who advised Bharti Airtel to look at other ventures in South Africa instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17458652", "title": "Former MLA used fake caste certificate for benefits", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Former MLA of Baisinga Pramila Giri is one of the 92 persons who produced fake caste certificate to avail government benefits, minister for ST and SC Development Lal Bihari Himirika told the assembly on Saturday. Giri represented Baisinga constituency in Mayurbhanj district from 2004 to 2009 after winning the seat on a BJP ticket.Replying to a question, the minister said the rest 91 persons detected with fake certificates were government employees. He said the state-level scrutiny committee has detected these fake ST and SC certificate cases and recommended the government to take action against the guilty.Himirika in a written answer to a question of BJD legislator Ranendra Pratap Swain said eight fake certificate cases belong to Scheduled Castes (SC) and the remaining 84 to Scheduled Tribes (ST). He said the concerned district collectors have been asked to initiate criminal proceedings against these persons. The tehsildars have also been asked to take action against these alleged defaulters, he said.Besides, 23 of these persons have moved court challenging the government's action and the court has directed to reconsider their cases, Himirika said. However, he said the government had filed Special Leave Petition in Supreme Court against the court's direction.The minister said the concerned officer have also been asked to lodge FIRs with police against those people who used fake certificates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17460161", "title": "Working with Sridevi was a privilege: Adil Hussain", "text": "You seem to have arrived in the Indian cinema scene thanks to English Vinglish and Life Of Pi at the age of 49. How do you feel? Recognition is a dicey thing. (Laughs) It has come at the right age now and I can handle it with grace without gloating. I get inspired when people say I have done good work \u00e2\u20ac\u201d I have been hearing this for a long time since I was a child because I have been acting on stage and traveled across the world with my plays. The glamour and glitz that's attached to the film industry is the tricky part to handle. So I am glad am enjoying it now, better late than never! (Laughs)Tell us about the experience of working with Sridevi. Sridevi is such a phenomenal actress. I was always bowled over by her performance \u00e2\u20ac\u201d I remember watching Sadma ( Moonram Pirai ) and not eating for two days. When I was cast for the role opposite Sridevi, I felt privileged and lucky at the same time. It was a learning experience for me because she was a 200-plus movies experienced actor and I am a 12-film-old actor. It's a learning to see how she transforms herself into the performing mode in front of the camera from the quiet persona on the sets. And she's so witty. I think for every actor it's a learning experience to work with her.How did your shift from theatre to films happen? I was in Delhi teaching at NSD when I got a call from a friend who's a casting director in Mumbai. All my friends think I act well. (Laughs) He sent me some scenes from Ishqiya and I shot it at home and sent it. The next day he came to meet me in Delhi and told me I got the role! I thought why not? Otherwise, I was happy doing theatre and teaching. (Smiles)Are you very choosy about the films you sign on now? I was always very particular about the work I do. I only work with one director in India in terms of theatre as well. I am particular about what I do but at the same time I would like to widen my horizon and do different kinds of roles. I don't want to be typecast which is the tendency of the Indian film industry.And you continue to teach. How did this passion for teaching germinate? I come from a teaching family. All my brothers and father were teachers in spite of being lawyers, they teach law as well. I think it's an intrinsically rewarding phenomenon when you can help another understand the nuances of your inner being of emotions, thoughts and how it works. It's like I am sharing a secret with another but nobody knows how it works. I just love it! It's very rewarding. Are you familiar with Tamil cinema? I do know Rajiniknath and Kamal Haasan but I am not too familiar with the younger crop. I met Revathi during my performance of Othello in Chennai; she came backstage to meet me. In fact, I did shoot for a day for a Telugu film directed by Dharani and Ram Charan was the hero. But the film got shelved, I don't know what happened.You have done good roles till date in Indian and international films, were you just lucky? How does your future in cinema look to you now? Luck plays a very important part but luck also comes because of your perseverance of your understanding the craft. I feel I am getting very good roles in quite a lot of films. I am playing a very interesting lead role in a film called Sunrise . I am also playing the lead in a British-Indian production titled the Feast Of Varana s i . There are also some talks on for some Bollywood films. I am doing different kinds of roles in small and big films to keep myself challenged at all times so that I don't become complacent. (Laughs)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17457278", "title": "'It's an issue that affects both genders'", "text": "Conservatives (and the plain daft) try to identify what it is about women that invites some men to visit violence on them. Often their logic telescopes flatly into the 'good woman'-'bad' woman' line of defence (men defending men and women defending morality). An alternative discussion could, instead, question what it is that licences some men to inflict violence on their daughters, wives and strangers.A 2003 report by the erstwhile UNFEM (now UN Women) estimated that one in three women in the world has been at the receiving end of some or other form of violence in her lifetime. While the whys and wherefores were not probed at a gender-sensitization campaign in Dharavi last Sunday (it was probably not an opportune time), the programme did prescribe the general dos and don'ts to men via popular entertainment: do respect a woman's worth; don't treat her poorly and so on. What marked the campaign out was that these prescriptions were issued solely by men, who relied on poetry, song, dance and theatre to get the point across. On the other side of the stage sat their mothers, wives, daughters and neighbours, being entertained and hopefully reassured.The initiative had been sponsored by the non-profit SNEHA (Society for Nutrition, Education and Health Action), which has a vertical called Programme on Prevention of Violence against Women and Children (PVWC). While SNEHA, which has a counselling and advocacy centre in Dharavi that routinely conducts community interventions, this particular effort was part of the NGO's campaign called Breaking The Silence On Violence, which is in turn plugged into a global campaign called 16 Days of Activism Against Gender Violence. The latter crusade works to reinforce the message through urgent reiteration over a fortnight. For Bhaskar Kakkad, a programme coordinator of PVWC, nothing but repetition can make a dent in people's bone-hard attitudes, and when it's men pushing the cause, it can go far.\"One of the reasons for the jump in crime rate in Mumbai (15% rise in sexual crimes against women this year), is because there are fewer gender awareness interventions now than before,\" Kakkad believes. \"The city does not have as many workshops and community campaigns as it once did. Now people more worried about their economic future than about the rights of women, and consequently, about the wellbeing of the community, and one guarantees the other.\" PVWC has 30 committed male volunteers who, along with their women counterparts, travel the city, staging plays and building similar groups in communities in Worli, Ghatkopar, Chembur and Santa Cruz .The equal rights group MAVA (Men Against Violence and Abuse) has been taking its advocacy beyond the city to the hinterland as well, in districts like Satara, Kolhapur, Bhandara and Nagpur. Harish Sadani, the founder of MAVA, has worked out a line of approach that doesn't only rely on the sympathy of men to secure an attitudinal change. \"We make them realize that a patriarchal set-up disadvantages them as much as it does women,\" says Sadani. \"For example, it denies men the right to freely emote and to perform household chores without shame or castigation.\" Sadani believes when men take a stand against gender violence and demand equal rights for women, it will encourage both men and women to rethink their gender biases, and could even deter some men from perpetrating crimes. (He warns against the indiscriminate association of the term 'perpetrator' with men in general, for it would isolate them in the process of transformation.) Instead of always taking a confrontationist stand, the trick, he believes, is to engage them peaceably. \"The paradigm shift will happen when men see these problems not as women's issues but issues affecting both genders,\" he says. Sadani points out that the subsystems of our society-family, religion, media and government-are largely led by men, and little will come of gender-just campaigns unless campaigners foster partnerships and dialogue with these men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17459259", "title": "Future bleak for Kallai timber traders", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The scarcity of construction materials, which has led to a slump in the building sector, and a growing demand for substitutes for wood, have drastically hit the timber trade in Kallai, which once ruled the world timber trade market.The traders in Kallai says that the number of import and export of timber, too, have come down drastically over the past few months.\"About six months ago, at least 50 loads of sized wood were exported to Mumbai, Pune and Tamil Nadu daily from various timber trading centres in the district. But, today it has reduced to one or two orders a month,'' says T K Sivaraman, secretary of Timber Merchant Association Kozhikode.\"The traders are also getting limited inquiry from the domestic market owing to a decrease in construction activities. Earlier, we used to export rosewood to Italy, Japan, Germany and London , which has stopped since the past two years,'' he said.The timber trade started declining after 1977, when the government imposed a ban on its exports. The situation worsened after the Supreme Court passed a ruling in December 12, 1996, stating that running of saw mills of any kind, including veneer or plywood mills, was 'prima facie violation of the provisions of the Forest Conservation Act, 1989, and every state government must ensure total cessation of all such activities forthwith'.The introduction of Value Added Tax and compulsory procurement of no-objection certificate (NoC) from the Forest Department to renew their D&O; licence are other reasons for the decline.According to Timber Merchant Association, Kozhikode, there are around 300 small and big scale timber shops in Kallai, Mooriyadu, West Kallai, Puthiyara, Mankkavu and in between the Canoli canal and Eranhipalam areas. Of about 70 big sawmills, more than 15 have been converted into godowns.V Sureshbabu, owner of Overseas Timber, Mooriyadu, says owners are running sawmills and shops only to retain their labourers. \"The supply of wood to markets in Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka have reduced drastically owing to plenty of substitutes to wood now available in the market. Right now, I don't have any pending order,'' he says.Seconding him, P Baburaj, secretary of Malabar Sawmills Association, says it's difficult to revive the timber industry as it has lost its sheen. \"The traders live with an uncertainty over their future,'' he said.Ends...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17458812", "title": "Bicycle rally on AIDS awareness by Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University", "text": "KANPUR: On the last day of 'Abhiyan AIDS se bachao ka', a bicycle rally was taken out from Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University on Sunday morning.It passed through Lakhanpur, Vikas Nagar, Sharda Nagar and ended at the university. A large number of students took part in the rally. They raised slogans to spread awareness on HIV/AIDS.The rally was flagged off by former GSVM Medical College principal SK Katiyar.A kite flying competition was also held. The competitors were seen flying kites with messages to spread awareness about HIV/AIDS. Brajesh Katiyar, HoD, Institute of Fine Arts, Sandeep Singh, HoD, adult continuing education and extension and social works and a team of doctors were present.The students of department of social works distributed posters among the slum-dwellers residing in localities like Kalyanpur, Kakadeo.The social works department of CSMU had also held a three-day AIDS awareness campaigning in Akbarpur in Kanpur Dehat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17458058", "title": "Ensure norms complied with", "text": "It's a pity that housing societies do not attach much importance to instal fire-fighting measures and its regular upkeep. Residents and developers of high-rise buildings must ensure that the fire protection norms are complied with and the equipment undergo regular maintenance. It is also expected that the BMC carries out frequent inspection of buildings, especially high-rises, and take the defaulters to task. With the city going vertical, the fire brigade should also be equipped with better fire-fighting measures.Related Story  :  Cuffe Parade building to get notice for defunct system", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17457277", "title": "Unhappy water consultants to meet PHED min", "text": "JODHPUR: Despite Rajasthan coming first among all the states in the National Rural Drinking Water Project (NRDWP) in 2011-12, the state government is bringing the consultants under the NGO now. The hard work of these consultants, who had been recruited by a committee under the chairmanship of district collectors of respective districts to promote awareness regarding the use of water and stop its wastage, brought the state from 17th to 1st position in just one year.These consultants have now decided to take up the matter with the government. \"We are meeting the PHED minister Jitendra Singh on Monday and if nothing happens, we will sit on dharna in Jaipur\", said one consultant from Barmer.Each district of the state had roped in four consultants under this programme with a vision of permanent drinking water security in the villages by not only improving or augmenting the existing water resources but also ensuring the guiding principles for community level plans like potability, reliability, sustainability, convenience, equity and consumer preference.\"We did our best on all the fronts and because of our initiatives, the state of Rajasthan shot up to number one position in 2011-12 under the NRDWP and in spite of that, we are now being forced to work under the NGO just after a year of our contract\", said in Information Education Communication (IEC) consultant.He alleged, \"Now the government is roping in the NGO for the task, which we had successfully accomplished. This is being done in the name of ensuring that the state fares better, which is a farce since we have already brought home laurels\".These consultants had been recruited on the condition that their contract will be renewed on annual basis with 10% increment if their performance is found satisfactory. \"Our performances had been rated as satisfactory by the PHED department but despite that our contract was not renewed for next year in compliance with the term. Instead, we were given three months' extension twice and now the same task is being handed over to the NGO\", said a consultant. He added that they had brought it to the notice of minister Jitendra Singh, who had assured them of no change in the existing set up.These consultants are well aware of the local geography, language and traditional practices to be harnessed and in such a situation, there is no guarantee that the appointed NGO will be able to carry out the task as desired.EomJodhpur: Despite Rajasthan scoring first among all the states in the National Rural Drinking Water Project (NRDWP) in the year 2011-12, the state government is bringing the consultants under the NGO now. The hard work of these consultants, who had been recruited by a committee under the chairmanship of the district collector of respective districts to promote the awareness regarding the use of water and stop its wastage, brought the state from 17th position to 1st in just a matter of one year.These consultants have now decided to take up the matter with the government. \"We are meeting the PHED minister Jitendra Singh on Monday and if nothing happens, we will sit on dharna in Jaipur\", told one such consultant from Barmer.Each district of the state had roped in 4 consultants under this program with a vision of permanent drinking water security in the villages by not only improving or augmenting the existing water resources but also ensure the guiding principles for community level plans like potability, reliability, sustainability, convenience, equity and consumer preference.\"We did our best on all front and because of our initiatives, the state of Rajasthan shot up to number one position in year 2011-12 under the NRDWP and inspite of that, we are now being forced to work under the NGO just after a year of our contract\", told one Information Education Communication (IEC) consultant.He alleged, \"but now the government is roping in NGO for the task, which we had successfully accomplished to the glory of the state in the name of ensuring that the state fare better, which is a farce as we have already brought the state on front position\".These consultants had been recruited on the condition that their contract will be renewed on annual basis with 10% increment on the condition, their performance is found satisfactory. \"Our performances had been rated as satisfactory by the PHED department but despite that our contract was not renewed for next year in compliance with the term and instead we were given 3 months extension twice and now the same task is being handed over to the NGO\", told a consultant adding that they had brought the notice to the PHED minister Singh, who had assured us that no change will be done in existing set up.These consultants are well aware of the local geography, language and traditional practices to be harnessed and in such a situation, there is no guarantee that the appointed NGO will be able to carry out the task, what these consultants have done, as desired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457320", "title": "RTI applicant wants to know Taliban\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s address, email ID", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Taliban has evoked fear and spawned an industry of literature and movies. However, the curiosity it has evoked in Pune-based Kailash Pyarelal Nanda appears to be unmatched.Nanda had filed an RTI application with the Supreme Court asking for the email and postal address of the Taliban besides the status of her petition.Understandably, unable to provide answers to the RTI query, the central public information officer of the Supreme Court preferred to remain silent on the address issue and just gave the status of her PIL, mentioning that her petition was not found to be covered under the PIL guidelines and hence 'lodged' (kept in file). The appellate authority too had endorsed the decision.Undeterred by the \"snub'', Nanda moved the Central Information Commission demanding a reply to her queries. At the hearing before the CIC, applicant's son Rajiv submitted that they wanted their grievance to be referred to CBI or any other independent agency for investigation as they had no faith in the local police. He expressed his disappointment that the apex court did not find merit in the PIL filed by them.Chief information commissioner Satyananda Mishra, after hearing the arguments, told him that the status of the PIL had been communicated to his mother.\"As far as the address of the Taliban is concerned, it is understandable that the CPIO could not have provided any such information as there is no such information in existence,\" Mishra said while dismissing the plea.Incidentally, Nanda would have got her response by a mere search on the internet. The Taliban not only has a website but also provides answers to queries by the faithful on the doubts they may have about the outfit and its practices. The website and its presence on social media like Twitter has been seen by many as the changing attitude of the militant group towards technology.The group's followers had famously made television sets illegal and even hung them from trees to signify their hatred for \"unIslamic'' practices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17460326", "title": "Azad unites Aamir\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s past and present", "text": "On the occasion of the baby's first birthday, the actor's former wife was as much a part of the celebration as Kiran and his other family membersAamir Khan and Kiran Rao brought in their son Azad's first birthday on December 1 with a big bash. The party held at Imran Khan's bungalow in Bandra, was attended by the entire Khan parivaar including Aamir's ex-wife Reena Dutta. Dr Firuza Parikh, who played an important role in Azad's birth also attended the do.A source from the party told TOI, \"The original plan was to celebrate Azad's birthday at Aamir's sister Nuzhat's bungalow. They had also thought of inviting their friends from Bollywood. But later, they decided to have a small party with close famiy instead.\"Grandma Zeenat, aunt Nuzhat, step sister Ira and step brother Junaid came to wish the little one. A few close relatives and friends of the Khan family joined in as well. \"It was a typical kiddie bash that began at 4.30 pm and went on till around 8 pm. The room was decorated with a lot of balloons. In keeping with the kiddie spirit, return gifts were also distributed. A quiet family dinner was held afterwards,\" added the source.Incidentally, the main point of discussion at the party was Aamir's latest film Talaash . \"Later, talk drifted towards Junaid and his role as Rajkumar Hirani's assistant in Peekay ,\" the source told us.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17458742", "title": "Parks reel under thefts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Engineering wing of the MC has been spending huge amounts on the installation of playing equipment, benches, lights in parks and green belts of the city.However, in the absence of any security, these public utility things are being stolen. All the municipal wards are plagued by the problem. Significantly, in just one municipal ward over 10 FIRs have been registered in the past four months, where playing equipment, benches and bulbs have been stolen from the parks. In another ward, Rs 10 to 12 lakh worth of such equipment have gone missing in the past 3 to 4 years.Municipal councillor from ward number 8 Arun Sood said, \"Thefts of expensive playing equipment, benches, tube lights and bulbs have been rampant. I myself have registered over 10 such cases with the police. There is dire need of some mechanism to stop this, or else it will not only cause huge financial losses to the civic body but parks and green belts will also become an eyesore.\"Engineering wing of the MC has been spending huge amount on the installation of playing equipment, benches, lights in parks and green belts of the city. However, in the absence of any security, these public utility things are being stolen.Discussing the issue during the recently held monthly house meeting, municipal councillor Subash Chawla had revealed that in his ward, over Rs 10 lakh playing equipment have been stolen. \"It is a very serious problem, which needs immediate attention\", Chawla said.Municipal councillor Satinder Singh said, \"Not only the playing equipment, benches and bulbs, miscreants also damage the expensive fountains and remove their parts for sale. Installation of water fountain involves huge money and it is a direct loss to the authority.\"When asked, municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said, \"This really seems a serious problem and therefore, we are going to assess the losses, occurred in the past due to theft of abovementioned items from the parks and green belts. After that we will be in position to take any decision in this regard.\"Currently, following the demand of municipal councillors and residents, engineering wing installs various expensive playing equipment in the parks, but due to manpower crunch, there are no arrangements of their security and safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17457398", "title": "Despite arrears, govt to provide parking space for seaplanes on AAI land", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Rajiv Gandhi Academy for Aviation Technology (RGAAT), currently situated on the Airports Authority of India (AAI) land at Trivandrum International Airport, owes the AAI approximately Rs 28 lakh by way of overdue in traffic and land license fee. Ignoring the loss incurred to the AAI, the state government is planning to park seaplanes at the academy for free.Although no formal request has been made to the RGAAT, it is learnt that the tourism department is looking at avenues to reduce operational cost for the seaplane project.\"We had suggested to the state government that the seaplane operators are welcome to use our hangar for maintenance, especially for Cessna aircraft. The maintenance could be carried out by our engineers who are familiar with a Cessna engine. We have five aircraft and two more are expected shortly,\" said executive vice-chairman of RGAAT V Thulasidas, indicating that the apron at the flying club is already a tight fit. Moreover, RGAAT's aircraft is currently parked on AAI land.\"RGAAT cannot sublet its current building and land, which is already on lease from the AAI. If the government wants to park seaplanes at RGAAT's current location for days at end, they need to obtain permission from us. Overnight charges will be applicable. We are constantly reminding the government-owned flying club to pay the Rs 28-akh arrears, and with money already owed to us, expecting free back-to-back parking for seaplane operators is unreasonable,\" said AAI regional executive director, southern region, Devaraj.During land acquisition for the New International Terminal Building of the airport and hangar construction of Air India, the state-owned flying club had to relinquish its original building and land. The state government, in lieu of this, offered RGAAT approximately 2.1 acres to construct a hangar (expected to be completed within two months) and an administrative building.In return, the AAI, to ensure continuous function of the academy, offered to lease out a building situated in the motor transport section. \"The AAI was not mandated to, but constructed a link taxiway connection for RGAAT, helped obtain DGCA clearance for the club to operate from the new area and also refurbished the motor transport building to make it habitable. However, when the AAI by way of a national policy increased license fee, the state-owned institution refused to pay the hike in tariff,\" said an AAI official.According to AAI sources, RGAAT owes the AAI Rs 17-lakh in outstanding dues against traffic bill and Rs 11 lakh in arrears in land license fee. Thulasidas said the Aero Club of India has intervened on behalf of the flying clubs and is currently holding discussion with the ministry of civil aviation to revoke the tariff hike, which has resulted in the accumulation of the Rs 28-lakh arrear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17458965", "title": "Problem solving skills", "text": "The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) will conduct the Problem Solving Assessment (PSA) for classes IX and XI on February 14, from 10 am to 11.30 am. As decided by the board earlier this year, the test will be compulsory for all students enrolled in the school in classes IX and XI for the academic session 2012-13 .Although there is no specific syllabus for CBSE-PSA , it will assess students in the following areas - quantitative reasoning, qualitative reasoning and language conventions . The test will be of 90 marks and have 60 questions of MCQ type. According to Vineet Joshi, chairman, CBSE, life skills shall be assessed within the following domains:Quantitative:This includes reasoning found in humanities , arts and social sciencesQualitative:This includes kinds of reasoning found in mathematics and scienceLanguage conventions :This includes different aspects of written communication (grammar, vocabulary, etc).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17458789", "title": "Tankers were modified in Bangalore and Chennai", "text": "MANGALORE: The prime accused and the kingpin, Ashok, who owned seven of the modified tankers used in the multi-crore fuel siphoning racket, got the vehicles modified in Bangalore and Chennai.City Crime Branch (CCB) inspector Venkatesh Prasanna said that the arrests were made based on a tip-off. The modification was done in such a way that neither the oil marketing companies nor the bunk owners got any wind of it. The tankers supplied petroleum products to Dakshinna Kannada, Udupi, Madikeri, Shimoga, Hassan and Karwar and their main buyers were KSRTC depots.Explaining the modification which allowed the siphoning, Venkatesh said, \"The accused had built in a channel in the tanker with a capacity of either 12,000 or 20,000 litres. The channel retained 110 litres even after unloading the stock. Though four channels could have been created inside the tanker, each tanker had only one, so as to not to raise any suspicion. The total haul per day from seven tankers was 770 litres of fuel which is valued at Rs 35,000 to Rs 50,000 roughly.\"In four years of operations, Venkatesh said the accused had siphoned off fuel, both petrol and diesel, worth about Rs 6.8 crore. The siphoned off fuel was used for vehicles of the accused or sold to other tankers at 20%-30% less than the market prices.The oil marketing companies (OMCs) and bunks never got a wind of the racket as the seals were intact. The accused had modified the latch which was locked by OMCs in such a way that it could be removed by unscrewing it.The CCB inspector said teams would be sent to Chennai and Bangalore to get hold of the persons who modified the tankers. He said at least 60% of the tankers in the city had modified tanks, indicating the enormity of the racket.The accused have been booked under Section 379 (theft), 406 (breach of trust), 420 (cheating) of IPC and also Section 8 and 9 of Anti Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17457780", "title": "Call 108 for free 24X7 ambulances", "text": "NOIDA: Six free-of-cost ambulances were launched on Friday under the UP National Rural Health Mission in Gautma Budh Nagar district. The ambulance service \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Samajwadi Swasthya Sewa \u00e2\u20ac\u201d can be accessed round the clock by dialing 108 in case of road accidents or medical emergency.The service, which is part of the Emergency Medical Transport Service (EMTS), was flagged off by Dr RK Garg, the chief medical officer of the district. Of the six ambulances, four have been pressed into service for the district health centres, while the other two will be used for emergency situations on the accident-prone Noida-Greater Expressway and within the city.The ambulances will be equipped with medicines and medical equipment. Officials said the ambulance will reach a patient within 20 minutes of calling the toll-free number. Emergency medical relief will be available to persons who suffer heart attacks, pregnant women, persons with burns, those who undergo trauma following road accidents or physical assault, and people with infectious diseases, requiring immediate hospitalization. The range of the ambulance service will encompass nearly 50km.\"Each ambulance will have a driver, medical technician and a paramedic and we would coordinate by taking the field staff in conference with the caller,\" explained a health official. Citing past experience, particularly relating to the traditional helpline number like police, fire or ambulance, officials said 108 has been equipped with caller ID to discourage fake or crank callers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457842", "title": "Glitches in cash transfer pilot project worry govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is alarmed by the fact that the year-long cash transfer pilot project in Alwar district's Kotkasim block has virtually been a non-starter as money has rarely, if ever, come into the bank accounts of intended beneficiaries.Reacting to a report that TOI front-paged on December 2, rural development minister Jairam Ramesh said, \"The Kotkasim thing is a very serious issue. There will be operational issues. That's why this is being rolled out in the 51 districts. We will learn all these issues and then we'll take a call.\"Ramesh is a key person for the implementation of this programme which is being viewed by the political class as UPA-2's \"game changer\". If it gets stymied by lazy implementation, the political dividends for UPA may be minimal. Possibly mindful of that, Ramesh said, \"That's why I have proposed that we must admit a system of concurrent evaluation. It should not be only officials giving you feedback that everything is very rosy and working on the ground.\"Asked whether cash transfers were being made into an electoral issue, the minister said, \"What we're saying is what's yours should be yours. Today pensions are paid once in five months and you have to pay a bribe to get what is yours. This is also a huge anti-corruption step. I've seen with my own eyes how people have to pay bribes to get their measly Rs 200 pension.\"'Cash scheme can tackle graft better than Lokpal'Ramesh felt direct cash transfers to intended beneficiaries was \"far more efficient in dealing with corruption than the Lokpal model\". \"The Lokpal model is needed but to think that the Lokpal is a panacea as some fellows seem to think is ridiculous,\" he said.Asked if 'cash transfers' is the right term, given that schemes proposed by the government entail some element of cash, but don't replace subsidies like food, Ramesh said: \" It is not cash transfers. I have never used the word. It's the media that's going gung-ho and unfortunately even the Prime Minister's committee is called PM's Committee on Direct Cash Transfers.\"What would he call it then? \"I would say it is direct benefits transfer. Direct entitlements transfer would be another. It is not direct cash transfer. If we were replacing the food or fertilizer subsidy with cash, that would be direct cash transfer. I react very negatively to the words 'direct cash transfer'.\"Click here to read the excerpts of Jairam Ramesh's exclusive interview with TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17457447", "title": "Muslim MLAs vent ire over not being invited at dastkar meet", "text": "JAIPUR: Muslim MLAs have expressed their anger on not being invited for the meeting of proposed 'Dastkar Nagar Scheme' to rehabilitate Muslim craftsmen by the department of minorities affairs. This meeting will be held on December 5 and will be chaired by chief secretary CK Mathew.Dastkar Nagar scheme was announced in the state budget 2009-10. \"I have no idea why the minorities department has ignored Muslim MLAs when they matter is directly related to the welfare of minorities,\" said Alauddin Azad, MLA from Sawai Madhopur. He added that the experience of present Muslim legislators would have been beneficial for the scheme.The call for meeting released by state minorities department had sparked another controversy by inviting eight local Muslims belonging to a single socio-religious party Milli Council. None of the invited locals are related to craftsmen. Ameen Kaimkhany, president of State Urdu Teachers Association, contended on what grounds these eight locals were invited for such a meeting.\"Most of them are inexperienced and lack wisdom to give any suggestions for the execution of the scheme. Neither these invited locals are representatives or stakeholders nor have they done anything for the craftsmen,\" said Kaimkhany.The dastkar is a residential-cum-commercial set-up to rehabilitate 700 families at a common place. The scheme was floated to promote trade and encourage traditional craftsmen to continue their legacy.Ashafaque Kaimkhany, a social worker based in Shekawati which is the traditional hub of craftsmen, demanded that government should ensure that such schemes should be launched at division level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17459072", "title": "Pakistan builder razes temple, sparks row", "text": "AMRITSAR: A century-old Hindu temple has been demolished in Karachi sparking off an outcry from Hindu organizations and politicians in Pakistan. Sri Rama Pir Mandir was situated in Soldier Bazaar of Karachi and demolished on Saturday allegedly at the behest of a real estate builder.Pakistan's former minister for human rights Ansar Burney condemned the demolition of the temple and demanded action against the builder and safety for the minority Hindu community.While talking to TOI over phone from Karachi on Sunday Burney informed that the builder had not only got the temple demolished but also razed down couple of adjoining houses due to which many people were rendered homeless.Quoting reports, he said the builder demolished the temple in a blasphemous manner, his workers also showed disrespect to the idols of Hindu deities placed inside the temple. He said the goons of the builder also hit a few Hindus. \"Everyone should be free to practice his religion and it is the duty of the government to ensure the safety and security of minorities living in Pakistan ,\" said Burney.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17456379", "title": "Poll bugle sounded at Katni farmers rally", "text": "JABALPUR: The 'vishal kisan mahaandolan' (farmers agitation) at Katni on Sunday turned out to be a perfect launch pad for election campaign 2013 as top Congress leaders strongly condemned the \"anti-farmer\" policies of the ruling regime and expressed solidarity with the beleaguered class.To the agitating Katni farmers, fighting off the land acquisition bid in favour of Welspun Energy Private Limited (WEPL) for more than a year, the verbal promises acted as soothing balm. Senior leaders on the dais including AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh, former union minister Suresh Pachauri, leader of the opposition Ajay Singh, MPCC president Kantilal Bhuria along with a dozen MLAs and MPs slammed the \"forcible eviction in the affected belt and pressed for personal intervention of chief minister Shivraj Singh Chauhan if he wanted to prove true the much touted sobriquet 'kisan ka beta'.In a symbolic gesture of support, Digvijay Singh led the group of party colleagues to Bujbuja village and actually shared a protest pyre while hearing out their problems. The leaders spent half an hour to grasp the issue and left after promising them all possible help. Katni MLA Sanjay Pathak said that he would personally lead a delegation to meet chief minister Chauhan to seek a solution.Later addressing the meeting, which saw scores of farmers pouring into Katni from neighbouring districts of Umaria, Sidhi, Maihar, Satna, Digvijay termed the saffron rule as a regime which thrives on misconceptions and falsehood. The BJP, he declared has failed to fulfilled a single promise made to the gullible electorate over last nine years.\"Has it provided you with uninterrupted power supply, better road network, or higher price for your produce\" he asked the crowd and compared the performance with the Congress regime which, he declared walked an extra mile to ensure that agrarian sector got the lions share in state sponsored welfare scheme.Hitting out at the inadequate compensation offered to the Katni farmers, Singh said that the rank injustice and double standard which allowed the compensation of 15 lakh per acre Maihar and Rs 4 lakh in Katni would not be tolerated. The chief minister must step in toe resolve the issue before things turn unmanageable he warned.Suresh Pachauri lambasted the state government for reneging on their pre-election promises and playing into the hands of industrial houses much to the detriment of farmer interest. By offering pittance to the farmers for highly fertile two crop land and forcibly acquiring their land to benefit the Welspun group the BJP stands truly exposed, he declared. As the state government was evidently partial over the issue, he assured to take it up with the union government, he promised.Assuring the farmers that the Congress party would not allow any land acquisition without their consent Ajay Singh demanded that the government must consider the option of shifting the venue of the TPP to an infertile tract of land instead. The CM, he said, was impervious to the farmers problem else he would have taken trouble to redress their grievances but then by use of AK 47 on unsuspecting farmers in Bareli, the sector cannot harbour any hope from the BJP, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17458716", "title": "Now, wildlife clearance to delay work", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city's first multi-level parking project, which will come up in Sector 17, has hit another hurdle. After applying for environment clearance, now the authorities will have to seek wildlife clearance. It will delay the work by a month or two.Municipal corporation engineering wing executive engineer Vishal Gupta said, \"After a long exercise, we had recently submitted papers for environment clearance. Now, we will soon apply for wildlife clearance.\"The multi-level parking lot will have three basement floors and a surface floor. It will be 37 feet deep and spread over 3 lakh square feet.The engineering wing had allotted its construction work to a city-based company at around Rs 38 crore about three months ago. The work, however, is yet to kick off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17451323", "title": "Anubrata in Soumik's next", "text": "Anubrata of Gandu and Chatrak fame plays the lead opposite Assamese actress Urmila in Soumik Chattopadhyay's nextHe played an aspiring rapper in Q's offbeat flick Gandu . His controversial bed scene with Paoli in Vimukti Jayasundara's Chatrak went viral after it was leaked on the net. He courted a committed Parno as a much-younger man in Mainak Bhaumik's Bedroom . Anubrata Basu is now ready to turn over a new leaf as the lead in his first-ever commercial outing. Phande Poriya Boga Kande Re director Soumik Chattopadhaya has cast the young lad in his as-yet-untitled next \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a simple love story with which the audiences will connect readily since it's also very 'real'.The film, produced by Shree Venkatesh Films, will go on floors on December 19. Apart from Anubrata, it also stars Urmila Mahanta, Bihoo Mukherjee (Kharaj Mukherjee' son who is making his debut with this film), Riddhi Sen and others. The script is penned by Anindya Bose. The streets of Kolkata and Purulia will form the main settings for the movie. \"The film is a simple love story which becomes extraordinary, just like Chirodini Tumi Je Amar ,\" said Shrikant Mohta of the production house. Why Anubrata, we asked. \"We wanted a powerful actor. The way we intend to project him in this film will be very different \u00e2\u20ac\u201d something no one has ever seen before. He will also flaunt a completely different look,\" said Shrikant. Anubrata will be seen playing the role of a poverty stricken boy who works at a local roadside tea shop who falls in love with a domestic help, played by Urmila, who works at a housing complex nearby. \"The film takes a turn when a schoorgirl from the complex becomes a victim of a MMS clip circulated by her school friend, played by Bihoo. Anubrata finds himself deeply entrenched in this and ultimately, it's his love story with Urmila that suffers,\" informed Shrikant.Soumik, who is busy with the preproduction of the film, is happy to cast Anubrata and Urmila as leads. \"He is a natural actor and a brilliant performer while Urmila has that intense Smita Patli-esque look in her eyes. She's also extremely talented. Both Bihoo and Riddhi play pivotal roles in this film. There are multiple layers in the second half of the film. There is also a thriller element to it,\" said Soumik. The film also has a very strong message without being preachy, he said. \"I'm sure students and teachers will identify with every character as well as the storyline. In this world of modern technology, there are two groups of people - the haves and the have nots. However, love transcends these strata. And that's what the film is all about,\" said Soumik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17456664", "title": "Tamil Nadu IAS officer in city hospital", "text": "BANGALORE: The woman collector of Krishnagiri district, Tamil Nadu, who met with an accident in the neighbouring state on Saturday, is recuperating in a city hospital.Pooja Kulkarni, a 2003 batch IAS officer of Tamil Nadu cadre, and another official were injured, while her aide Muniraju was killed after the car they were travelling in collided with another car at Namasparai town near Krishnagiri.Pooja, a Bangalorean, was brought to the city and admitted to Sparsh Hospital, Narayan Health City, later in the evening.A Sparsh spokesman said Pooja has suffered facial bone fractures. \"Though it was initially suspected that she might have suffered head injuries, doctors ruled it out. She is stable,\" he added.Parents of Pooja, who did her schooling and went to college in Bangalore, are based in the city.Cleared s Prasad/ed bindu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17457457", "title": "Private developer encroaches defence land, no probe yet", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government is yet to initiate a probe against a private developer who has allegedly developed a housing colony in Jodhpur on a land belonging to the air force.Recently, the Comptroller and Auditor General ( CAG ), in its report had mentioned that the same private group is involved in illegal sale/purchase of defence land in Mumbai and Pune.Documents provided to TOI by RTI activist Ram Singh show that the private developer purchased 6 bigha and 5 biswa of land that had already been acquired by the state government for defence purpose. In addition, a facility area has been developed as housing colony adjacent to the 22 bigha and 17.5 biswa land which is in the restricted area of the Jodhpur Air Force station.As per the documents, the state government acquired 6 bigha and 5 biswa land for the defence department from one Krishen Kak after issuing a notification (No. 41117/16/5/81) in 1985. The land acquired was a portion of the 86 bigha and 10 biswa land owned by Kak in Bhicharli village in Jodhpur tehsil.The acquired land's possession was handed over to the air force in 1986. Meanwhile, one Omdan Charan, who claimed to have the power of attorney from the holder of the land, sold 66 bigha and 10 biswa of the remaining 80 bigha and 5 biswa land to a property dealer, Sohan Lal Surna in 2004. A year later, Charan allegedly sold 20 bigha land (including the government acquired 6 bigha and 5 biswa) again to Surna.Krishen Kak, owner of the land, wrote letters to the Jodhpur Development Authority in August and October 2011 saying he never gave power of attorney to Charan over his land. \"The authority, however, did not register an FIR against Charan and no investigation was initiated in this regard by the civic authority,\" Singh, the RTI activist, told TOI.On the other hand, defence PRO Col S D Goswami said that in 2006, a physical survey of land in possession of air force was carried out with the help of tehsildar, revenue, Jodhpur. As a result of the survey, 19.03 bigha of land in Khasra no-04 belonging to one Sri Shreyas Daga is in physical possession of Air force.Singh said, \"The air force is having possession of a land which was never acquired by the state government. As per the survey, the land in possession belongs to third party. The air force can never claim the possession of the land. Moreover, the land is already been sold in 2007.\"While talking to TOI , Jodhpur Development Commissioner , Ratan Lahoti said, \"We are aware of the case, however, the probe cannot be initiated as the matter in pending court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17459242", "title": "Small town shrines follow Chennai model", "text": "CHENNAI: While the Kapaleeswarar temple is on an overdrive to reclaim its properties, other temples in the state are struggling against land-grabbers.Many temples - small and big - are saddled with huge tracts of land, but there is hardly any revenue accruing from them to even cover the cost of conducting one pooja daily. Based on the instructions to crack down on encroachers and rent defaulters, temple authorities in districts have taken action but not to the extent of the Chennai temple.Tiruporur temple in Kancheepuram tops with its retrieval of agricultural land to the tune of 161.68 acres. In all, 324.77 acres of agricultural land have been reclaimed by temple authorities in various districts till October 31, said P Dhanapal, commissioner HR&amp;CE.; \"We will definitely retrieve all lands belonging to temples which are in illegal occupation,\" Dhanapal told TOI.Even in Chennai, 45,000sqft on Butt Road and St Thomas Mount, belonging to a small temple is under occupation by a political party. Though attempts to evict them were made, the next day, party workers broke open the seal and reoccupied the property. The case is pending in the Supreme Court, the commissioner said.Though the property in districts may be vast, many are in the form of agricultural lands given out on long lease to farmers. Thus their value may not be as large as that its Chennai counterpart. Currently agricultural lands measuring 42 acres in Salem, 31 acres in Madurai and 19 acres in Srirangam have been retrieved. These lands mostly belong to small temples which have a meagre income. The value of all the property retrieved, including that of the temple in Chennai, is around 1,000 crore.\"We plan to lease out temple lands if the lessor is ready pay fair rent. The department will also allow construction on the land,\" Dhanapal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17456709", "title": "Anaesthesiologists help women tide over difficult pregnancies", "text": "NAGPUR: The increase in number of complicated pregnancies due to women conceiving at an older age and diseases like diabetes and hypertension in pregnancy setting in earlier. However, advancements in certain fields of medicine, especially anaesthesia, have helped arrest the maternal mortality rate despite the complications.Such advances were discussed in detail when the city branch of Indian Society of Anaesthesiologists (ISA) organized a CME on obstetric anaesthesia. Faculty for the CME included Dr Sunil Pandya, Dr Kausalya C, Dr Nityanand L, all from Hyderabad, and Mumbai's Dr Shilpa Kasodekar.\"A special branch of anaesthesia called obstetric anaesthesia has come up in recent years. People may find it difficult to associate us with the process of bearing and taking care of new mothers and newborns. However, ours is an important role before, during and after pregnancy,\" said city president of ISA Dr Chandrashekhar Cham.\"At 250 deaths per lakh deliveries, we have among the highest maternal mortality rate (MMR) in the world, which is as low as 5 or 6 deaths among one lakh women in developed countries. This is a big achievement as the country's MMR was as high as 400 out of one lakh only five years ago. While states like Kerala have already achieved the millennium development goal in terms of MMR, which is 50 deaths in one lakh deliveries, states like Uttar Pradesh are still lagging far behind,\" said Dr Pandya.He said that with more women demanding and opting for painless deliveries, the role of this specialist also increases. \"Whether it is taking care of a sick woman during pregnancy, ensuring minimum physical pain during the delivery, or stabilizing her condition after the surgery, an anaesthesiologist has a role to play. In fact, it becomes all the more important to manage a woman if she has conditions like hypertension, seizure disorders, respiratory failure, heart disease or sever blood loss during delivery,\" he said. He also said that there is only one dedicated centre in the country, at Hyderabad, that looks after mothers and neonates in critical care.He added that an anaesthesiologist is a part of the obstetric team and can play a major role in reducing maternal deaths, many of which are preventable. Over 40% of women admitted to the critical care unit after their delivery are those with a very low risk pregnancy to begin with, he said. \"Three of the leading causes of death among these women are hypertension, internal bleeding and infections. All these are 100% preventable, provided a multidisciplinary team takes care of the mother and child,\" said Dr Pandya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457723", "title": "No arrests yet in Mankhurd shelter case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Govandi police is yet to make any arrests in the case lodged against employees of Navjeevan Sudhar Kendra, the state-run shelter at Mankhurd. The current and former superintendent of the shelter were booked along with other staffers on the basis of reports of unhygienic and abusive conditions at the home. The Bombay high court had on Friday directed the police to register an FIR.The accused include medical superintendent Shobha Shelar, ex-superintendant and probationary officer S Dighe and caretaker Patil. An additional charge of rape has been applied against five unknown persons as media reports had quoted one of the inmates saying that several women at the shelter were being raped by armed men at night. \"Further investigations will reveal identities of the persons accused of rape,\" said an IPS officer. The accused have been booked under sections 376, 450, 201, 504, 506, 509 and 34 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17459237", "title": "Kerala girl wows New Zealand", "text": "KOTTAYAM: \"I am a proud father,\" said an emotional Rabi Brighu Hillel over the phone to his father O M Mathew back in Kottayam about his daughter Jessie Hillel who finished runner-up in New Zealand Television's most popular musical reality show New Zealand Got Talent (NZGT) on Sunday. The top 12 battled it out on the stage last Sunday in front of the judges - singer Jason Kerrison, supermodel Rachel Hunter and UB40 founding member Ali Campbell . The results of the public voting were announced on Sunday.\"My granddaughter sang the Latin version of Ave Maria composed by Franz Schubert . She sang before an audience of 2,000. After the song she got a standing ovation,\" said Mathew. \"Thank you so much everyone. Being on NZGT and becoming the runner-up was a blast. It was such an awesome experience, totally amazing. To everyone who watched and supported me, thank you all so much again,\" Jessie wrote on Facebook after the event.Millions watched the show across New Zealand and the 11-year-old is already enjoying celebrity status there, said Mathew. The winner was 15-year-old Clara van Wel who bagged 100,000 dollars-worth prizes, including a new car and a recording contract.Jessie is the younger of the two daughters of Brighu Hillel and Sigi Susan who hails from Vakathanam near here. The couple had relocated from Kerala to Wellington in 1996 after Rabi had got a managerial post in a software company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17457426", "title": "Slaughter house to get a lease of life", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The corporation-run slaughter house at R C Junction in Kunnukuzhy is likely to get a fresh lease of life following the civic body submitting a fresh proposal to install a rendering plant.The slaughter house has been facing closure following a pollution control board notice.The corporation, in its bid to save the unit, had earlier planned to set up a rendering plant to process the waste. The government, however, denied administrative sanction, citing technical hurdles in allotting the necessary funds. It was pointed out that solid waste management was not included in Kerala Sustainable Urban Development Project (KSUDP) for the civic body, and hence, funds could not be allotted.While rejecting the plan, the government had also directed the corporation to submit a fresh proposal.Following the government's refusal, the corporation used the waste generated for filling land. A month ago the pollution board slapped a notice, ordering the immediate closure of the plant, citing the unscientific treatment of the waste.It was in this backdrop that the corporation submitted the fresh proposal, A project official expressed hope that the government would allot the required funds for the project.\"A rendering plant is the only way by which the impending closure can be prevented. The government reserves special funds for the conduct of slaughter houses. The fund for the rendering plant will be released from this corpus,\" the official said.The corporation had earlier drawn a detailed project proposal to convert the rendering plant into a major marketing venture. According to that project, the rendering plant, with a capacity to treat four tonnes of waste a day, was to be set up at a cost of Rs 2 crore, and was to function on a build, operate and transfer basis.The byproducts from the rendering plant like tallow, (a hard, fatty substance made from rendered animal fat), grease and MBM (meat and bone meals) were to be marketed by a private agency, which would also operate the plant.The project had to be spiked after the government refused funds. The civic body had also tried\u00e2\u20ac\u201dalbeit in vain\u00e2\u20ac\u201dto release money from the community infrastructure fund.\"The government is expected to deliver the required funds. This could really help prevent the closure of the plant,\" said Dr.Bijulal, who is in charge of the slaughter house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17457157", "title": "Global environmental city plan yet to take off", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh government's ambitious plan to change the image of Bhopal- a city that evokes an image the worst industrial disaster-- by making it a 'global environmental city' has been gathering dust for the past six years. Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, who advocated best environmental practices in the city, too seem to have forgotten the issue.The concept was first discussed with the prime minister's office (PMO) in 2006 in the presence of Sam Pitroda, the then chairman of the knowledge commission. Later, the state government constituted a committee on 'Bhopal Global Environmental City' under the chairmanship of M N Buch, a former IAS officer.\"The Buch committee deliberated in detail the concept with all stakeholders to prepare a final report,\" said a government source. A senior official with the urban administration department said, the state later finalized a report that was sent to Buch for ratification.The issue of Bhopal Global Environmental City was also discussed during Pitroda's visit to Bhopal in June, earlier this year. Chouhan again evinced keen interest and a presentation on the issue was made.\"Bhopal drew the attention of the global community as the site of the Bhopal gas disaster. Two decades later, I believe it is time to move on and look ahead,\" chief minister Chouhan told Pitroda during his visit. Pitroda is now the advisor to PM on information infrastructure and innovation.\"We aim to reposition Bhopal as a global model of best environmental practice, and a symbol of 21st century,\" Chouhan had told Pitroda.Top bureaucrats told TOI that Pitroda also wanted the government to also establish an institute of Life Sciences in Bhopal. However, M N Buch, the man who was heading the committee that was given the task of preparing a comprehensive report told TOI, \"The very concept of Bhopal global environmental city is confusing.\"\"The government doesn't understand what it wants. I am also confused what the Bhopal Global Environmental City means and how Bhopal would be developed,\" he rued. \"In fact, we never prepared any report on the issue and there was no question of handing ovesr one to the government,\" he clarified.In fact, another bureaucrat said, this is the right time to develop the concept as the new master plan of the city is being prepared. \"Whatever issues regarding development of Bhopal that the chief minister wants to incorporate should be done in this plan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17456914", "title": "4-year-old girl falls prey to tempo race", "text": "LUCKNOW: A four-year-old girl lost her life to tempo race in Aminabad area on Sunday, while several others were injured severely. Jona Masi, the girl who lost her life was on her way to Telibagh along with her maternal aunt when the incident took place. The two had gone to Lucknow Christian College to attend a function and were returning to their home, according to the police.The driver of the tempo, which they boarded started racing with another tempo driver on the busy Latouche Road around 10.00 p.m. According to onlookers, one of the drivers then lost control over the wheel. The tempo turned turtle near Peeli Masjid on Latouche Road.Masi was crushed under the tempo. People in the area took her and other injured people to Balrampur Hospital, where Masi was pronounced dead by the doctors. The driver of the tempo fled the scene and police are trying to trace him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17457848", "title": "Anti-measles drive to begin today", "text": "PATNA: Bihar is all set to launch the third phase of anti-measles campaign as part of catch-up campaign from Monday. The three-week programme would be conducted in 18 districts of the state, including Patna. The campaign would cover around 1.35 crore children.In this campaign, the children between 9 months and 10 years will be vaccinated irrespective of their prior measles immunization status or disease history. In the first week, schoolgoing children would be targeted. In the second and third weeks, non-school going children would be vaccinated through community-based programmes. A district task force would also be set up for the same purpose under the chairmanship of the district collector.Bihar is one of the 14 states where this catch-up campaign is being conducted because here the measles vaccine coverage has been less than 80%. The two phases of this campaign were conducted in 2010 and 2011, covering 5 and 15 districts of the state respectively. While in the first phase, 90.7% of the targeted children could be vaccinated, in the second 97.9% targeted children were immunized.Speaking at a workshop jointly organized by the State Health Society of Bihar (SHSB) and Unicef on Sunday, SHSB executive director cum health secretary Sanjay Kumar said this campaign is very important because measles is the leading cause of childhood mortality across India. \"Bihar's average in terms of neonatal mortality is better than national and equal in terms of infant mortality rate. However, when it comes to mortality in children below five years, Bihar lags behind national average by five points. Measles is one of the most major contributory factors.\" He added malnutrition has reached endemic level in the state, which further leads to rising cases of measles. Kumar said, \"Though measles per se is not a killer, it causes diarrhoea and pneumonia.\"He said preventing Adverse Events Following Immunization (AEFI) is a big challenge. \"Even if one or two cases of AEFI are reported, the entire campaign is damaged.\" He added polio experience has taught that the peripheral areas are the most vulnerable ones since such campaigns don't reach there. Kumar added due care is taken to ensure the private schools also become a part of this campaign.President of Private Schools and Children Welfare Association Shamael Ahmad said all the private schools have been instructed to provide a room for vaccination and make a teacher, the nodal officer of the programme. \"The schools have been asked to convey the information of campaign to parents and cooperate with health worker,\" said Ahmad.President of Bihar chapter of Indian Medical Association and noted paediatrician Dr A K Thakur said the association has appealed to all private paediatricians to provide their nursing homes or clinics to function as centres to manage adverse effects of immunization. He added even after stringent measles vaccination drive, only 60% of targeted children are successfully protected in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17457364", "title": "Eco expert dismisses zonation fears", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The authors of Western Ghats Experts Ecology Panel report have dared the Kerala government for an iota of evidence to prove that their report is anti-development and will displace human settlements along the Western Ghats.TOI reported on Sunday that the state government had submitted a detailed report to the MoEF's Experts Appraisal Committee (EAC), and raised a dissent note, objecting to demarcating areas in and around Western Ghats into three Eco Sensitive Zones (ESZ). These ecological grids, the state government alleged, would restrict developmental activity and 'stifle' people staying along the Ghats.Dr V S Vijayan, a member of WGEEP who provided scientific inputs on forest areas and buffer zones in Kerala, said that the state's response showed that the officials have not read the report properly. \"The WGEEP report has not mentioned anywhere that it will displace people. Nowhere have we said that farm land will be taken away and zonation will lead to displacement and loss of livelihood. In fact, the report whole-heartedly supports local communities living along the Western Ghats. I challenge the government for an informed debate on this issue, so that the people of Kerala do not get misled by this false propaganda,\" Vijayan said.He revealed that members of Kerala Congress had raised apprehensions during discussions while preparing the report that land assigned for settlers along the Western Ghats prior to January 1977 may come under zonation. \"There is no such mention in the report. But the report categorically says government (forest land) land should not be handed over to private parties. We are planning to hold open discussions with the Idukki diocese who appear to have been misled on this issue,\" he said.Ridiculing the government's claim that it will plant trees as compensation for 86 hectares of forest lost due to Athirapally hydel project, Harish V, legal co-ordinator of environmental NGO, One Earth, One Life, said, \"This statement shows that babus do not have any clue about conservation of a riverine system that includes not just trees but an entire eco-system that has evolved over a million years. The state says it does not need new sets of regulations but the fact remains that we have lost 40,200 hectares of forest over the last 30 years,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457138", "title": "Day I of IIT-Bombay placements sees top offer of Rs 80 lakh", "text": "MUMBAI: Day 1 of placements at the premier IIT-Bombay on Saturday ended on a high note for many. It was evident from the status on Sriram Bhargav's Facebook page that read \"placed at Samsung US/Korea\". The firm is believed to have made the highest offer this year of around US $1,50,000 (Rs 80 lakh) per annum. Deepankar Reddy from the institute's computer science and engineering department was also hired with one of the highest packages at Rocket Fuel. Sagar Chordia and Saif Hasan, computer engineering students, will go on to join Facebook.Hasan, who is from Kanodar in north Gujarat, and Sagar from Pune are both among the top rankers of the department. Hasan developed the Facebook photo downloaded which he developed in the Hack night competition. Sagar, who is also studying statistics at the Powai campus, went through 4 rounds of intense interviews by Facebook before they were hired.On his Facebook page, Sagar noted \"Day 1 of IIT-B placements ... 18 hours of interviews ... offer from five companies ... accepted Facebook's full-time job offer...happy life!\"The social networking company has offered students a base salary of $ 100,000 and a bonus and relocation bonus of $ 20,000 and stock options of $ 120,000 if they stick on for two years.Twitter, a first-time recruiter on the campus, has also made two offers. LinkedIn has made three, while algorithmic trading firm Jump Trading has not hired a single student from the campus. Samsung India has taken at least half a dozen students from the campus. Around 160 offers have been made on Day 1 of the placements, up from last year's 140.While 35 firms visited the campus on Saturday, 29 had come to hire on Sunday. If the salary offers made by the firms this year is anything to go by, IITs are not among the institutes to suffer.This year, the number of registered students has increased. Last year, they had closed to 1,200 students, this year, around 1,300 have registered for campus placements. Avijit Chatterjee, professor-in-charge, of placements, said, \"Not all are hired in campus placement. Some are hired off campus and some continue with their higher studies.\"On the second day too, big firms continued to pour in at the campus placement's office. Yahoo , Barkley, Amazon, Adobe, Oracle, etc were some of the firms that hired students on Sunday. On Saturday and Sunday, interviews continued to take place till post midnight. The sessions will continue for the next two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17458922", "title": "Train to showcase life and times of Vivekananda", "text": "MYSORE: Vivekanada Express, an exhibition-on-wheels depicting the life and times of Swami Vivekananda, will be in the city for two days from Dec 5.The train, being specially run to mark the philosopher's 150th birth anniversary, will arrive at Ashokpuram station from Hubli.It comprises five AC coaches rearranged to accommodate the exhibits.Rare images and artifacts associated with Vivekananda are on display. They depict his life as a child in Bengal, his devotion towards 19th-century saint Ramakrishna Paramahans, his life as a monk, and his lectures in the USA, England and parts of Europe on 'non-dualism'.Entry will be free, according to a release from South Western Railway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17461749", "title": "Vijay back to Mumbai for 40 days", "text": "Ilayathalapathy Vijay seems to have fallen in love with Mumbai and is now back to to the city for another extended long schedule for his untitled next flick with AL Vijay with Amala Paul paired opposite to him. After the stupendous success of 'Thuppakki', Vijay has started off his next in the direction of A L Vijay.Vijay will be spending 40 days straight in Mumbai hoping to complete a large portion of the film quickly and in a straightforward manner. The city turned out to be a lucky spot for him in his latest super hit ' Thuppakki ' that is still going strong in the theatres.The pooja of the untitled film starring Vijay and Amala Paul was held in Chennai recently. According to the director the film will have both comedy and romance in equal proportions. The film's cinematography is handled by Nirav Shah while the lyrics are written by Na Muthukumar and editing by Antony.Mumbai has become the new favorite place for the Tamil filmmakers, as Ajith is also shooting for his next venture with director Vishnuvardhan in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17457002", "title": "Families on Otteri Canal to get biometric cards", "text": "CHENNAI: More than 500 families encroaching on the banks of Otteri Canal, from Purasawalkkam to Basin Bridge will be issued biometric cards within the next three months in the hope that it will make their evacuation easier.The move comes after the public works department and corporation told municipal administration and rural development minister K P Munusamy that the project to build a wall along the canal had been delayed because of the encroachments.\"The public works department's project was supposed to have been completed by August this year, but construction had to be stopped because of these settlements around the banks,\" said an official. A total of 505 huts were identified along the canal. The minister spoke to officials in the housing ministry and decided to issue biometric cards to the families. This will make them eligible for a house from the slum clearance board elsewhere in the city.A wall is planned along the Otteri canal to prevent it from overflowing during the rains. Officials said the canal could not take all the storm water flowing into it during the rain and this was one of the reasons roads in Purasawalkkam flooded during the rains earlier this month despite the construction of storm water drains.He ordered officials to build a fence along the banks of the canal after the wall was completed to ensure that the encroachers do not return. Six kilometres of the 10.8km wall have been completed. Continuing reports of bad roads and uncleared garbage prompted the minister to visit Thiru-vi-ka Nagar and Anna Nagar on Monday morning. Most damaged roads\u00e2\u20ac\u201dboth bus route and interior\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwere being re-laid, he said. He admitted the roads remained dusty and garbage-strewn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17457088", "title": "Pregnant woman dies from shock", "text": "BOKARO: A 24-year-old pregnant woman was allegedly killed for dowry by her husband and in-laws at Sector-VIII in Harla on Sunday.Manju Devi who had a love marriage with Jai Kishan Ram in 2008 succumbed to burn injuries on face, head and hands. She was pregnant of eight months. While Manju's father alleged that she was killed by the in-laws as they failed to fulfill their dowry demands, her husband denied the allegation saying that she died of electric shock.Officer in charge, Harla police station, Rajesh Kumar Rajak said incident had occurred around 5 in morning. \"The father of the deceased has alleged that Manju's in-laws were demanding money and other valuables from them after the marriage, which they could not fulfill. So she was killed by her husband. An investigation is on.\" Police have lodged an FIR against the husband and his relatives. The body has been sent for the postmortem.Ram, however, said Manju got electric shocks when she was boiling water in the heater at the kitchen. They rushed her to Bokaro General Hospital where doctor declared her dead. \"The allegation leveled against us is baseless,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17458600", "title": "Bhanja Bihar to spend Rs 20 lakh", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The central library of Berhampur University will go high-tech soon. The university authorities have decided to computerize all operations at the library at an estimated cost of about Rs 20 kakh.\"At least 10 computer sets will be installed on the ground-flour of the RP Padhy Library, the central library of the university, for this purpose. Visitors will not have to move around the galleries inside the library to search for required books or journals. Locating a book or a journal will just be one click away,\" a senior officer of the university said.Staff shortage has plagued the library for the past several years. There is no chief librarian for the last one decade. Around 20 people work on temporary basis. \"We have repeatedly written to the government for filling up of the chief librarian's post and other vacancies,\" he said.The library has around 1.60 lakh books, 125 national and international journals, 30 monthly magazines, and several daily news papers. It is named after RP Padhy, who was the first vice chancellor of the university.Vice chancellor J K Mohapatra said, \"Despite several bottlenecks, we have decided to upgrade the central library under the 12 th plan (2012-17) period of the University Grants Commission (UGC). New books worth around Rs 2 core would be bought to enhance the stock. Rs 10 lakh has already been provided in an adhoc grant.\" The extension of the library building is also going on. But the project is moving at a snail's pace. \"We expect the extension of the library building will be complete soon, which will solve the space problem in the library\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "17458837", "title": "Most universities acting as teaching shops: Chidambaram", "text": "MOHALI: Union finance minister P Chidambaram criticized substandard universities during the opening of the Indian School of Business in Mohali.Referring to Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal's claim that eight universities and 17 degree colleges had been approved in Punjab, the finance minister said the number of universities should have been 18 instead of eight in view of the pressing need for good educational infrastructure.The minister described many universities as \"teaching shops\" with poor infrastructure, outdated textbooks, poor pedagogy and methodology and untrained teachers.Steering clear of political issues, Chidambaram reached out to students on a personal level, \"After you pass out there will be the temptation to work in developed countries. Unlike others, I would urge you to seize the opportunity. Build your career, build your family, build your finances but come back and build India too,\" advised Chidambaram.Meanwhile, Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal said two more institutes the National Food Bio-Technology and National Institute of Nano-Technology would come up in the vicinity of the ISB campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17460181", "title": "England, Norway register convincing victories", "text": "PATIALA: Like their cricketing team, the English Kabaddi team is also on a roll. England defeated Denmark by a margin of 58-25 in a thorough display of professional Kabaddi at the 3rd Kabaddi World Cup on Sunday. Before the match, the Danish team had exuded confidence of putting it across England, but, the English team, mostly consisting of Punjabis based in the United Kingdom, won the match after leading 27-14 at half-time.England's raider Gurdev Gopi was the star performer bagging 10 points for his team, while, raider Sukhdial Singh also performed well scoring 8 points in the process. Youngster Gurdeep Deepa scored 7 points for the teams cause. England's stoppers also performed equally well. Stopper Jagtar Jagga scored 8 points while, Gurdit Singh and Gurpreet Singh scored 5 points apiece.For Denmark, it was a disappointing day. Even though they were cheered on by Denmark Kabaddi Federation (DKF) Chief Alan Bo Jakobsen, but the team came out a cropper when it mattered the most. Daljinder Singh, the team star raider scored 9 points for Denmark. While, J Emile scored 6 points for the teams cause. Stoppers Dhanraj Singh and Jaswinder Singh scored 2 points each.In another match of the day, Norway beat New Zealand by 52-35 under floodlights. Norway led from the start and were up by 31-14 at the half-time. Norwegian raider Gama Tibba scored the most number of points, returning with 10 points in his kitty. While, teammates Ranjit Bath and Gurpreet Singh scored 9 points apiece. Norwegian stoppers Rachpal Singh and Lakhvir Singh scored 5 points each for the teams cause.Meanwhile, for the New Zealand team Manjot Singh scored 10 points and performed really well but that wasn't enough to earn his team a win. Jatinderpal Singh scored 7 points for the Kiwis. Amongst the stoppers Kamal Singh and Lakhvir Singh scored 2 points each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17457256", "title": "GRP arrest thief with stolen goods", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Government Railway Police (GRP) nabbed a suitcase lifter at Allahabad railway junction on Sunday. Several stolen items including suitcase and a laptop were recovered from him.The person arrested was identified as Mangal, resident of Dalmau. He was involved in several theft cases committed in running trains. Inspector GRP Tripurari Pandey told TOI that Mangal was moving on platform number 4 of the Allahabad railway junction when GRP sleuths got suspicious. As he ran from the platform, GRP laid a trap and captured himOn interrogation, he confessed he had committed several thefts on trains. Many stolen items were recovered from him. A stolen suitcase containing gold ear-rings and clothes and a laptop were recovered from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17458392", "title": "World Disability Day: Disabling despair with ability to hope", "text": "To commemorate the World Disability Day, which falls on Monday, TOI profiles two couples who have battled disability with great grit and undefeated dignity \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and have triumphed. One couple is blind and the other, physically challenged. And all four say that their disabilities have in fact been the driving force in their lives, enabling them to find meaning and purpose each day.'Blindness better than poverty'AHMEDABAD: \"I have not seen god, but all those who have helped me by being my writers in different examinations are like gods for me,\" says Dipak Shapariya, a 47-year-old blind professor who teaches history at Gujarat College. Dipak's wife Bela has only 25% sight. However, the inability to see has not deterred this couple from living a fulfilling life with their daughter Ulipi.\"I cannot accept falsity. I accept the truth no matter how bitter it is. I am not a depressed person,\" says Dipak who married Bela in 1997.\"A friend happened to be the wife of one of Dipak's teachers. She set up a date for us,\" says Bela. \"When we married, he was 31 and I was 29. We had little time to think whether we should become parents or not. But we decided to go ahead and Ulipi was the best decision of our life.\"The couple works together. \"Even while preparing food, Dipak chops vegetables while I prepare chapattis,\" says Bela. \"He has not moved out of town, leaving us alone even for a day, since we got married. Being a professor, he had to work in Vadodra for some time but he commuted and returned home every day.\"Dipak remembers that in class X, he had to study a novel called \"Khsitij\" by Ramanlal Vasantlal Desai. \"The main character's name was Ulipi, and we named our daughter after the character,\" he says. Ulipi is in class X and pursues classical dance.\"I would have been a journalist if I had the vision,\" says Dipak. \"My only regret is I cannot be in the library and read books for 12 hours a day. Instead, I have to settle for audio books. Anyway, I wish the same life in the next birth. I would choose blindness over poverty any day. For me, being in despair is defeat in itself. Facing the situation is victory.\"Adversity made him entrepreneurAHMEDABAD: \"If I were not handicapped, I would not have been in the business of making equipment for the handicapped people. I would have done nothing worthwhile in life,\" says Madhav Patel, 49, a resident of Chanlodia who has 60% disability.Madhav is married Varsha who has 45% disability. Madhav developed the handicap when he was three years old, while Varsha's disability resulted from polio when she was five years old.\"We both were students of the Apang Manav Mandal. He was an HSC-level student while I was in the SSC level when we first met each other,\" says Varsha. \"The trust persuaded our parents to get us married. I married at the age of 18 and stayed with my in-laws in a village for two years, till the time he settled a home for us.\"The couple's desire for independence and self-esteem fuelled their business. \"I was the eighth child of a lower-middle-class family,\" says Madhav. \"My older brothers had to look after their families and no one lent a helping hand.\" Madhav started earning Rs 150 per month at the Blind School Association. As for his current life as an entrepreneur, he has made equipment for other handicapped people at various camps. \"Now I have a shop of my own, handed over by the Karuna Trust, in the Naranpura area,\" he says. \"I own a house worth Rs 42 lakh. All this has been possible only because of my wife. The entire responsibility of bringing up three children rests on her.\"Varsha is a contented homemaker. \"Madhav has not only taken care of our children and me, but also earned respect for our family,\" she says. \"My brother owns a surgical shop in Surat. He has been trained by Madhav. Also, a staff of 10 to 15 people - including six with disabilities - has been trained by Madhav in Ahmedabad and Bhavnagar. I live a life of pride, and there are no worries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "17458666", "title": "Indian School of Business Campus Inaugurated At Mohali", "text": "MOHALI: Right from top politicians of the country to business tycoons, bureaucrats, agriculturists, writers and academicians, from India as well as abroad, converged under one roof to witness the enthralling inauguration of the ISB's (Indian School of Business) Mohali campus on Sunday.Foundation stone for the new campus was laid in August 2010 and Union finance minister P Chidambaram formally inaugurated it on Sunday. This is the second campus of ISB, world's top management school, in India. \"ISB's journey is the story of entrepreneurial passion and dreaming big. There is a strong spirit behind all the endeavours that make this campus brimming with immense possibilities and ideas,\" said Adi Godrej, a leading industrialist who was also present at the function.Analjit Singh, a businessman and chairman of advisory board of ISB Mohali, said, \"A lot of hard work has been put in to raise the institution of ISB. We are producing world-class leaders from our campus.\" The 500-seater auditorium, where the inauguration function was held, was jam-packed with dignitaries, students and their family. Besides, the occasion provided for a perfect platform for various people for networking in the easy-going environment.The new ISB Mohali campus is spread over 70 acres and is equipped with state-of-the-art learning facilities like lecture theatres, vast parking space, 500-seater auditorium and ultra-modern student and faculty housing.Meanwhile, saluting the art-work of legendary artist Nek Chand, who had made world-famous Rock Garden in Chandigarh, ISB had taken his services to craft their institution's plaque that was unveiled by P Chidambaram and Parkash Singh Badal. Besides regular text, the plaque showed Arjuna targeting fish's eye with his arrow. It also had hand imprint in the beautiful backdrop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17458456", "title": "SMS turns 21 amid declining texting trend", "text": "LONDON: OMG! The humble text message, which celebrates its 21st birthday, is past its prime for the first time in history, as new figures show a declining trend of SMSing.After having done everything from sealing multi-national deals to shattering lovelorn hearts during the last two decades, text messaging volumes have declined for the first time since their inception, a new report has found.From a tiny start with the world's first message - the words \"Merry Christmas\" sent from a personal computer to a mobile phone - on December 3, 1992, the use of texts exploded after 1998 when the UK's four major mobile-phone companies introduced \"pay-as-you-go\".Now four billion people around the globe use SMS - Short Message Service - to communicate with each other. But, for the first time since their inception, text messaging volumes have declined.New figures from the media regulator Ofcom saw two quarterly declines - by over a billion - in the volume of SMS messages sent in the UK. The volume of texts sent in Britain reached a peak of 39.7 billion at the end of last year, but have now dropped to 38.5 billion - the first recorded decline. The pattern is similar in the US where volumes of texts have also dropped, according to a new report.\"For the first time in the history of mobile phones, SMS volumes are showing signs of decline,\" 'The Independent' quoted James Thickett, Ofcom's director of research, as saying.\"The availability of a wider range of communications tools, like instant messaging and social networking sites, means people might be sending fewer SMS messages, but they are communicating electronically more than ever before,\" Thickett said.Technological change is now so rapid and so unpredictable that no one can say how we will be communicating in 20 years' time. However the SMS messages have been defining texts of the past two decades, the reports said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "doha", "code": "17458688", "title": "Doha negotiations witness tremors in climate geopolitics", "text": "DOHA: The negotiations at Qatar National Convention Centre have so far played witness to tremors in the climate geopolitics with a slow cleaving of the relation between the 'allies' of previous climate negotiations at Durban in 2011, EU and the association of 43 small island states or AOSIS.At Durban, EU had forged a close alliance with the AOSIS and Least Developed Countries in what the developed world began to dub as the 'coalition of the willing'. Their target at the Durban talks was singular - to get the world to agree that negotiations should be launched for a new global protocol which would break down the existing differential obligations of the rich and poor countries and increase the emission reduction efforts.The alliance won a partial victory with the Durban Platform being launched to finalize a new compact by 2015 which would then be implemented from 2020. But developing countries, especially India fought back to make sure that the talks would happen only under the principles and provisions of the existing UN convention.But this time around in Doha, the alliance has soured a bit. The AOSIS continues to demand that all countries increase their emission reduction pledges or commitments immediately but the EU has lost the appetite to live up to its own pitch for an 'ambitious' deal. Its refused to up the 20% emission reduction target to be achieved between 2013-2020 under the Kyoto Protocol's second phase even though it has already achieved 18%of it. Its announced that it will not up the pledge for the next few years.The call for an increased ambition to reduce emissions from AOSIS in reaction has only got shriller. On Monday they are expected to go out public demanding more from Europe and the US just as much as they demand for other emerging countries.EU's allies at Durban were positioned publicly as the 'most vulnerable' and consequently took the high moral ground even as they asked for issues of equity and other climate convention principles to be diminished for the sake of urgency and 'ambition'. It took India, returning back to its original position of negotiations after a two year hiatus, to counter the charge, warning that more number of people remained under severe threat from climate change in India than most of the other AOSIS and LDCs put together. At Doha the two clauses of urgency and ambition from the same allies has now come to haunt a reluctant EU.Though observers at the venue, Qatar National Convention Centre have warned that the alliance is not broken but only developed minor cracks. It remains to be seen if AOSIS, which very often is advised and represented by experts from other developed countries, would be able to withstand the pressure till the end of the week from EU and other developed countries and actually get what they are asking for at Doha so far.There have been enough episodes at Doha too where AOSIS and LDCs have found common ground with the developed countries on issues against other developing countries.But the AOSIS' demands off the developed world seems to have irked the EU. Other media outlets have quoted anonymous sources within the EU camp about AOSIS taking a 'hardline stand'. Such statements emerged days after the chair of the AOSIS group from the island country of Nauru said, \"The offer currently on the table (for emission reduction targets) is deeply inadequate in ambition, jeopardizes the entire Durban package.\" These sources and statements were not independently verified by TOI.According to news reports, the EU officials blamed the group of like-minded developing countries forged by India and China together as the reason for the growing distance between AOSIS and the EU.In contrast one African negotiator told TOI, \"The EU tried to break the unity within G77+China developing countries by knitting the alliance with AOSIS and LDCs at Durban. They succeeded to a large extent but now they feel threatened by the tigers they bred.\"An old hand at the talks among the observers at Doha though warned that the AOSIS demand may be a temporary ploy to show an ethical stand but only the last few days of the talks, when ministers from 194 countries arrive, would show the real colours and character of the strategic alliance of economic and political patronage between the EU and its developing world partners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457342", "title": "Few ATMs disabled-friendly", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite directions from the Reserve Bank of India in 2009 and the chief commissioner for persons with disabilities writing to the department of banking operations and development in December 2011 to make automated teller machines in the city disabled-friendly, not much action seems to have taken place on the ground. RTI applications to the RBI have revealed it has no information on the matter.Section 46 of the Persons with Disabilities Act 1995 provides for non-discrimination against persons with disabilities in the built environment and the RBI, in a master circular on July 1, 2009, advised banks to provide all ATMs with ramps so that wheelchair users and disabled can easily access them. Arrangements should be such that the height of the ATM is not an impediment for a wheelchair user.According to the coordinator of the enabling unit at University College of Medical Sciences, Delhi University, Dr Satendra Singh, India has ratified the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities and Article 9 (on accessibility) is legally binding. \"It is the responsibility of the RBI to implement its circular. But it does not have any information on ATMs and their accessibility status,\" he said. Singh, himself, suffers from 70% locomotor disability.\"The ATM near my workplace is inaccessible not only to disabled but also senior citizens. A large population of the country comprises the aged who, too, have mobility problems,\" Singh added.To a query to the RBI via an RTI application filed by Singh seeking the number of ATMs made accessible to disabled, the reply sent on October 31, 2012, states \"this department has no infor -mation\". To another query on action taken by the department of banking operations and development following the RBI's letter to the department of banking supervision in January 2012 to ensure compliance by banks, the reply stated deputy chief commissions, office of the chief commissioner for persons with disabilities and ministry of social justice, government of India, have been advised to look into the matter.Nripendra Pathak, a disabled scholar from Jawaharlal Nehru University, filed a complaint to the chief commissioner for persons with disabilities on ATM inaccessibility in October 2011. The CCPD issued an order in December 2011 to \"to ensure the ATMs are made accessible to persons with disabilities in a time-bound manner\". In the RTI reply in this specific case, no action has been cited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "lahli (haryana)", "code": "17456736", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Inept Delhi in trouble against Haryana", "text": "LAHLI (Haryana): It invariably boils down to taking your opportunities. Delhi, as a team, haven't been able to do so and they find themselves in trouble after the second day of their Ranji Trophy Group B match against Haryana, here on Sunday. The visitors must be hurting, ending the day at 165/6 after having let Haryana put up 307 from 219/6 on a track that is turning square consistently.Talking about opportunities, there are two players in their team itself whom Delhi can draw inspiration from. The first is Parvinder Awana, the medium-pacer who picked up a fiver on a track more amenable to spinners. The next man is Unmukt Chand who finished the day unbeaten on 76 after being hit on his left triceps in the first over of the innings and was forced to leave the ground. Amit Mishra also knocked over Unmukt's middle stump on 27, but off a no-ball. The under-19 World Cup-winning skipper then got his bearings right and counter-attacked Mishra and the off-spin of Jayant Yadav. In the process, he sent the leg-spinner out of the park twice.Delhi's top-order batsmen lost their wickets to the seamers by playing loose shots. What compounded the problem was veteran Mithun Manhas retiring due to neck spasms when on 15. Add to that Punit Bisht getting run out and following some clumsy running between the wickets and Sumit Narwal falling to the last ball of the day and Delhi's cup of woes was full.Going by the purchase Mishra is getting off the track, which eventually accounted for Rajat Bhatia who lost his off stump, things are not going to get any easier for Delhi.The script remained the same for Shikhar Dahwan's team on the field and the agony had started to settle in in the first session itself - the spinners were turning the ball square without being able to run through the late order. Though, Vikas Mishra could call himself unlucky with Vaibhav Rawal dropping Mohit Sharma at extra-cover when the score was 255/8. The left-arm spinner looked in good rhythm till then, having dismissed overnight batsman Rahul Dalal for 48.Things went bad from there on. No. 10 Harshal Patel took on the spinners to hammer 39 runs. It tool the impressive Awana to wrap up the innings. He finished with figures of 5/59. Interestingly, four out of his five dismissals were LBWs, a a reflection of how he attacked the stumps on a pitch that had very little for the seamers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17458580", "title": "Insufficient computers at Central University of Odisha library in Koraput", "text": "KORAPUT: Even after three years of its establishment, the library of the Central University of Odisha (CUO) situated at Landiguda in Koraput district is in a mess, mainly owing to shortage of staff, lack of adequate space and non-availability of sufficient computers to get the e-library facility going. The CUO was set up on August 29, 2009.\"The library has only one librarian. Whenever we fail to locate a book or journal on our own, we have to wait for hours to take his help. For shortage of staff, we are also unable to get photocopies of study material from the library, if needed. Moreover, though the library has online facility, it doesn't have adequate computers,\" a student alleged. He added that the library does not have enough space either for keeping books or for accommodating students.The CUO library consists of over 10,000 books and has access to 4,500 e-journals. This apart, the library has 75 journals which could be used both by the students and the members of the faculty.Acknowledging the problems, a senior official of the library said we need at least four junior assistants, one deputy librarian and one librarian to attend to the needs of the students. \"At present, we have around 35 computers. We require at least 100 more machines in the library. We also need to have more space in the library,\" said assistant librarian Bijayananda Pradhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17461364", "title": "Exciting challenge to play Milkha Singh: Farhan Akhtar", "text": "Actor-filmmaker Farhan Akhtar says playing sprinter Milkha Singh in \" Bhaag Milkha Bhaag\" has been an exciting challenge.\"It was definitely a challenge, but it was a challenge that was a very exciting one to accept,\" the 38-year-old said in an interview.The biopic is directed by Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra.Asked if he had to learn Punjabi for his character, Farhan said: \"In bits and pieces. I mainly focussed on dialogues and certain improvisations within scenes. But of course I had to, because there is a very distinct Punjabi flavour to the whole film.\"Bhaag Milkha Bhaag also features Sonam Kapoor , and is slated to release July 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17457604", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcNeed to create awareness on consumer rights\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "PUNE: Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar on Sunday stressed the need to create awareness among citizens about their rights as a consumer. Speaking at a state level rally of the Nationalist Congress Party's (NCP) consumer cell in Chinchwad, Pawar said most consumers are not serious about their rights and the quality of products and services they get.Pawar said that studies have found that many times, gold ornaments do not contain gold in its purest form; it is of less caratage. In the banking sector, too, no one questions if a cheque is cleared at a later date. People don't check if they have missed any interest on their amount for a few days. There are cases where people pay high electricity or telephone bills unnecessarily, he said.A former minister for consumer affairs, Pawar said consumer courts have proper procedures to handle such cases and they guide consumers as well. The courts do not spare even government organisations or departments, he said. As many as 90% of the citizens who have approached consumer courts have got justice, he said.He called on the NCP consumer cell members to create awareness about the issue.Earlier, Sambhaji Mhase, chairman of the Maharashtra State Commission for Consumer Disputes Redressal, gave details about the changes made in the functioning of the district consumer forum for speedy delivery of judgments. Consumer courts have also been made accountable for any delay in judgments. He said the tendency to prolong cases has to be avoided. The number of NGOs working for consumer issues is also declining, Mhase said.State minister Anil Deshmukh, NCP state president Madhukar Pichad, president of Maharashtra State Consumer Welfare Advisory Committee Azam Pansare, and mayor Mohini Lande were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17458329", "title": "Transformer row leads to tension in Bolarum", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tension prevailed in Bolarum on Saturday night after miscreants set ablaze the main door of a place of worship. Police swung into action and arrested two offenders within 24 hours.S Madan and K M Uday Kumar of Chintal Bazaar in Bolarum were arrested by police. At about 12.30 am, the duo along with their associates Sandeep and Bharat went to the place of worship at Chintal Bazaar and reportedly splashed five litres of diesel on its main door, set it on fire and fled from the spot.Police arrived at the spot and based on the complaint lodged by Nazeer Khan, committee member of the place of worship, a case was booked under sections 436 (Mischief by fire) and 153 A (Promoting enmity between different groups on the grounds of religion) of the IPC.\"During the initial probe, we found out that some locals had differences with the committee members of the place of worship over installing a transformer on the land adjacent to it. Some suspects were then picked up for questioning,\" DCP, North Zone, Ch Srikanth said.On interrogation, the suspects revealed the names of those allegedly involved in the incident. Based on this, police picked up Madan, a private employee, and Uday Kumar, a car decor worker, from Chintal Bazaar.Two of their associates, Sandeep, a B Tech graduate, and Bharat, a private employee, are on the run. Police seized a diesel can and a half-burnt cloth from the duo.Shortly after the fire was put off, police got the damaged door repainted and allowed devotees for morning prayers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457784", "title": "Two men in Borivli hang themselves", "text": "MUMBAI: A 37-year-old man hanged himself at his Gorai residence in Borivli on Saturday. Prashant Nalavade was upset with his wife's illness, police said.Till six months ago, Nalavade worked as a manager with a Pune-based bank. After resigning from his job, he moved back to the city to look after his wife, who is suffering from blood cancer. He had been unemployed since.\"Nalawade's family has said he took the step because of depression,\" a police official said.In a separate incident in Borivli, a 32-year old man hanged himself on Saturday. Rahul Kamble was an MMRDA contractor and was suffering losses in his business. Kamble was single and lived with his parents, brother and sister-in-law. \"Kamble's family said that he hadn't interacted much with them in the last few months and would keep to himself. He had also taken to drinking and would remain indoors most of the time,\" a police officer said.Two separate cases of accidental death have been recorded by the Borivli police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17458308", "title": "Sustainability conference discusses social responsibility", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Awareness of eco-friendly products in India is so poor that so far only 12 companies or industries have got their products certified under the \"Eco Mark Scheme\", launched by the central government. And even these companies don't find it necessary to use the mark on their products due to the lack of demand from consumers.These revelations were made by experts at a conference on \"Sustainability: Our Collective Social Responsibility for a Livable Planet\" which concluded on Sunday. The conference was organized by Consumer Education and Research Center (CERC), Ahmedabad.Experts discussed in detail organic products and environment. Speaking on organic products and their impact on the environment, Dr Rajendra Khimani, registrar, Gujarat Vidyapith, said, \"If global warming results in 2.5 degree increase in the current average temperature of the world, it will lead to 15% decrease in the productivity of paddy, while in case of wheat, the reduction in productivity is likely to be 25%.\" If the increase in temperature is 4.9 degree, the reduction in productivity would be 50% and 42% respectively, Khimani said. \"So we need to switch over to 100% organic farming,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17456874", "title": "Rural UP gets a print voice of its own", "text": "LUCKNOW: Kunaura, a nondescript village on Sitapur Road, scripted a new chapter on Sunday. The village saw the first-ever visit by a chief minister as Akhilesh Yadav launched rural newspaper -- Gaon Connection - from its soil. Kunaura, about 40km from Lucknow, had been seening hectic activity for the last three days as bureaucrats dashed to it to make preparations for the launch. On the occasion, Akhilesh assured villagers to look into their complaints.Lauding Gaon Connection that aims to create awareness about government schemes and policies among rural people, he said that such endeavours should be encouraged. The newspaper will cover 40 districts of Uttar Pradesh. \"Gaon Connection is an effort to document the amazing changes underway in rural India in the way it thinks, what it eats, what it wears, what it does for entertainment ,\" said Neelesh Misra, co-founder and editorial director of the newspaper. The chief minister said that Bhartiya Gramin Vidyalaya, where the launch function was held, will be given the recognition for class 10 and 12 soon. A knowledge centre was also inaugurated at the school premises.CM, who sat through the hour-long programme and listened to speakers highlighting the problems of the villagers and farmers, reiterated that his government was committed to the cause of rural people. Replying to a complaint that some land-owners of the village were still struggling to get possession of their lost land, Akhilesh held lekhpals responsible for such ills in all the villages. He said if lekhpals improve, law and order problems would reduce substantially at the village level. Accompanied by revenue minister Ambika Chaudhary, CM referred to him as 'Lekhpal ka mantri' in a lighter vein. He assured to address land-related grievances of the villagers. Since governments divert most of the budget for the development of cities, villages continue to remain pathetic. \"The pitiable condition of the villages should also be blamed on the people who progress in life, attain a level and never come back to their villages,\" said chief minister. A rural newspaper can play a vital role in rural development by highlighting the condition of villages, projecting their success stories and by writing about people who are doing good work to uplift villages, the CM added.Akhilesh said that owing to lack of development in villages migration to cities is high. \"If development of villages gets the needed focus, lot of villagers would stay back,\" he said. The SP government, he added, is committed to development of villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi/ghaziabad", "code": "17457519", "title": "Farmers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 body threatens to take over UP toll plazas", "text": "NEW DELHI/GHAZIABAD: Highway modernization is facing a new threat, this time from Bharat Kisan Union (BKU), with the farmers' body warning of taking over all highway toll plazas in Uttar Pradesh if the government and NHAI do not allow free passage of tractor-trolleys and vehicles of people living in a 10-km radius of a tolling point.A day after its top leaders held a long meeting with NHAI officials to resolve several issues, BKU activists on Saturday took over a toll plaza near Garh Mukteshwar on NH-24 for several hours and removed barriers of the toll plaza on NH-58 (Daurala) close to Meerut for the second time. On Sunday, over hundred farmers had laid siege to the Dasna toll plaza. The organization has announced that it will take over a toll plaza near Saharanpur on Monday. The stir may hit the DND Flyway, which connects Delhi and Noida, on Friday.\"For some hours, the NHAI contractor had started tolling on NH-58 on Friday, but we soon took control over the plaza. The protest will spread to other stretches in UP and also in other states,\" BKU spokesperson Rakesh Tikait said.The BKU may have ambitiously announced plans to take over toll plazas across UP but the outfit's tactics may be successful only in the western part of the state, where it commands some influence.On Sunday, agitating farmers reached the Dasna toll plaza around 9.30 am and threw open the toll gates for at least two-and-a-half hours. They again took over the plaza allowing vehicles free passage till late night. \"There is no service road, which forces local commuters to pay and cross the toll plaza,\" Rajveer Singh, BKU's Meerut zone president, said.BKU has also threatened to re-launch its stir from December 7 on DND Flyway to make the stretch toll free, accusing the district administration and the DND operator of failing to meet their demand. They also want the extra toll that the DND operator had collected between November 9 and 17 to be handed over to the district magistrate so that the amount can be given for charity or to a 'gaushala'. After increasing the toll to Rs 25, it was rolled back to Rs 22 after BKU launched a protest.There are also reports of the BKU taking over Itaunja and Atariya toll plazas in the next few days and the agitation moving to Sitapur, Hardoi, Unnao and Lucknow districts. BKU seems to be using the standoff to gain greater support before the next general election and there are indications of protesters continuing with their agitation till that time. The organization's top leaders are likely to decide which other toll plazas would be targeted.Tikait added that the fight was not just for farmers' vehicles, but against the wrong policy of government that allows toll operators to charge \"hefty\" user fee from locals who take highway for 5-10 km. \"We will continue the protest against the present practice as NHAI has told us that change in norms is possible only when there is legislation. They are doing nothing despite stretches reporting high number of fatalities,\" the farmers' leader added.When the highway projects were started, under-passes were a common sight aimed at helping locals cross over to the other side and avoiding payment of toll. But several new stretches either do not have the facility or they are so far apart that people are forced to take the highway.BKU is demanding a policy that provides free passage and special discount for vehicles owned by people living close to the toll plazas. For example, they want identification of a second zone - 20-km around toll plazas - and vehicles from this region should get substantial discount. \"We will not allow NHAI to charge hefty toll from people for crossing a plaza daily since they live in that area. They are also allowing contractors to charge toll for stretches which are still not complete,\" BKU leaders said.Senior NHAI officials said they had called a meeting of BKU leaders and district magistrates of Muzaffarnagar and Meerut on Friday. They added the representatives were unreasonable in demanding free passage for local vehicles. \"Even at present, the user charge for these vehicles is only one-fourth of the normal fee. We have told them we will talk to the concessionaires and find what can be done since every project is run as per provisions of agreements,\" an official said.He added NHAI had agreed to build foot over-bridges and underpasses on NH-58 as put forward by the BKU representatives. \"We have also told them that the release on compensation for land acquisition has been expedited. NHAI cannot take a decision on reducing toll or free passage. It can be a political decision and for all states, not just for UP,\" NHAI officials said.Meanwhile, the highway authority is worried of the consequences of the BKU activists throwing open toll barriers for free ride since the contractors would send bills of their revenue loss to NHAI and the authority has to compensate.(With inputs from Ayesha Arvind)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17458668", "title": "JD(S) hunts for support in N-K", "text": "DHARWAD: The Janata Dal(S) which enjoys its base in Vokkaliga belt of Old Mysore region is now trying to make inroads into north Karnataka hailed as BJP's bastion. JD(S) state president HD Kumarawamy is trying to exploit the situation arising out of split in BJP caused by BS Yeddyurappa's exit.Soon after Yeddyurappa finished his public meeting at LEA ground in Dharwad on Sunday, Kumarawamy addressed a public meeting at a nearby ground and sought the support of the voters for his party.Most part of his 50-minute speech was devoted to banishing Yeddyurappa. He did not mention about former CM D V Sadanand Gowda and CM Jagadish Shettar.Kumarawamy said Yeddyurappa had betrayed Karnataka voters who had supported the BJP to power out of compassion. He said Yeddyurappa did not keep his promises made to farmers and was interested only in protecting the interest of his family. Kumarawamy also accused BSY of prematurely ending the benevolent schemes launched during the JD(S)-BJP rule.Kumarawamy was also critical of Congress when he said the party did not act as an effective opposition in the state and the party leaders were divided.He promised to introduce several schemes aimed at welfare of the poor and downtrodden and appealed to the people to support JD(S) in the next elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17459059", "title": "So, the birds &amp; bees story goes on", "text": "KOLKATA: Years ago, when software executive Reema Sareen had uttered the word \"pregnant\", she was greeted with a lecture by her mother. Since then, the 12-year-old Sareen had learnt the hard way, not about sex, but about a taboo.Those were the \"good, old days\" when \"innocence\" was right and \"knowledge\" was wrong. Cut to 2012 when children are bred in nuclear families and their needs, mental and material, are \"addressed\" by their \"best pals\" (read parents). But even the most confident new-age parents still feel tongue-tied when faced with the age-old question: Where do babies come from?Sareen, for instance, wants to meet her 10-year-old daughter Atmaja, who is being brought up on a sumptuous diet of cartoon and Hindi films on the small screen, half-way. But she dreads answering these \"academic\" questions posed by the little learner.For entrepreneur Saira Shah, mother of Noora (10) and Farishta (2), the discomfort started when her 10-year-old asked her what the word \"sexy\" meant. \"I told her it was used to describe a nice-looking lady, but I know she wasn't convinced. I always take the questions because they are asked in the most innocent way. We must not intimidate the children.\"Remembering how she got her first sex education in her boarding school when sanitary napkins were distributed, Shah has already told her daughter about periods. \"It's a different age for our children. Things are not hush-hush anymore. Our mothers used to hide their sanitary napkins. We, too, were shy. But our children are outspoken. They easily connect childbirth to the enlarged tummy.\"Not surprising that businessman Sanjeev Dua is forever preparing himself to answer his seven-year-old daughter Saira's questions. \"She asked me why her body was different than mine. I told her it was because boys are different from girls. So now she knows...\" Dua has also told his daughter about the \"bad touch and the good touch\", and that strangers shouldn't touch her. \"We forced her to watch Aamir Khan's Satyameva Jayate. This was an episode on child abuse which can come from unexpected quarters. So the onus of sex-educating the child should be on the parents,\" he said.Manjuri Sengupta, mother of six-year-old Pramit, was stumped when her son sought to know how his dad figured in the family. Manjuri has been rather open all this while. \"I guess it seemed most natural to tell him that he was a part of my body. Between the two of us, the process of birth has been a beautiful phenomenon. But now, it's not so easy. How do I describe the role of my husband in the birth process?\" she wondered.A survey by a magazine in 2011 suggested that Indian parents weren't speaking to their children about sex. \"A whopping 78% do not discuss sex openly with their children,\" said the study. Perhaps it's because parents shy away from the premature curiosity. \"The advertisements on television and the films in general have exposed children to adulthood which they are not equipped to handle. Therefore, help from parents and teachers are needed all the more,\" said Sukanya Sen, mother of Anushka and a resident of Ballygunge Park Road.Parenting has never appeared so challenging for those rearing kids between 6 and 11 years. The cut-off age was decided after talking to psychiatrists who felt that children would ask probing questions on sex sometime after five years. The questions keep recurring as they grow older. But by 11, they would have learnt the \"ropes\" and found answers to their questions on their own.There are two ways to deal with inquisitive children, says psychiatrist Siladitya Ray. \"One is to tell them all about sex and birth in the form of passing on information. Be very matter-of-fact and don't hesitate or try to leave out those portions which you find embarrassing to disclose to your children. The second is to tell them that they aren't mature enough to know all about sex. But make sure you don't scold them. That might trigger an unnecessary and unhealthy curiosity about sex, which could be dangerous,\" said Ray.Early exposure to computers and TV was responsible for children losing their innocence and turning into young adults much before time, felt Amarnath Mallik, psychiatrist. \"Social networking should preferably be disallowed till a youngster reaches 16. While some might be mature enough to interact virtually, the negative influences can't be entirely ruled out. It's difficult for parents to monitor their children once they are on social networks. So, it should be curbed,\" said Mallik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17457253", "title": "Rebels blast 3 buildings", "text": "RAIPUR: Stray incidents of violence were reported from tribal Bastar region in Chhattigarh as the outlawed Communist Party of India (Maoist) began celebrating the 12th anniversary of formation of its military wing, Peoples' Liberation Guerilla Army (PLGA) to propagate their political aim among the masses.Rebels blew up three panchayat building near Nilavaram in Maoist hotbed of Sukma while the 'haat bazars'-the weekly market in the tribal areas-remained closed in response to the call given by CPI (Maoist) central military commission's call for PLGA celebrations from December 2 to December 8.Much before the PLGA week celebrations began, security forces had stepped up vigil in the tribal areas, particularly around the inter-state borders on the tri-junction of Chhattisgarh, Orissa and Andhra Pradesh, where helicopters were also being used for aerial surveillance. Security forces, led by the para-military, stepped up patrolling in entire Bastar region but with caution in view of the possibility of Maoist ambush and even landmine attacks.Inspector general of police (Bastar range) T J Longkumer said, \"We have stepped up security in all areas identified as hyper-sensitive. Para-military forces are also on the vigil to avoid any untoward incident.\"Vehicular traffic, even on the national highways passing through the Bastar division, remained thin with passenger bus services remaining suspended. Bhanupratapur-Pakkhanjur road remained isolated throughout the day and markets and other shops in Durgkondal and Narayanpur remained closed. Passenger train service from Dantewada has been suspended while the railway decided not to operate goods train service on Kirandul-Kothavalasa, known as KK line, in Dantwada.In a press release CPI (Maoist) Central Military Commission spokesman Deoji had exhorted upon people to observe the PLGA 12th anniversary celebrations in all the guerilla zones and red resistance areas and announced that guerilla warfare would intensify to defeat the anti-naxalite operations in the region. The rebels said they were also opposing the deployment of Army in Bastar in the \"guise of establishing training facilities near Narayanpur for suppressing revolutionary movement\".However, Maoists have clarified that they have not given any call for bandh during the week long PLGA celebrations and it was the security forces which were trying to create a 'bandh' like situation to counter the Maoists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17458417", "title": "Task Force arrests 3 rowdies", "text": "HYDERABAD: In separate incidents, Task Force sleuths arrested three history-sheeters in the city and seized four daggers from their possession on Sunday.Acting on a tip off, task force sleuths apprehended Chaderghat's history-sheeter Mohammed Osman, 23, near Hi-Tech function hall in Wahed Nagar of Old Malakpet. They seized a dagger from his possession.During interrogation, Osman told police that a week ago he had purchased the dagger at Jummerat Bazaar as his life was in danger.Police said that Osman was an accused in six criminal cases, including an attempt to murder, kidnapping and an extortion case booked at Chaderghat, Malakpet and Neredmet police stations. Osman along with the seized property was handed over to Chaderghat police for further investigation.In another incident, South Zone Task Force team apprehended 26-year-old Bahadurpura history-sheeter Mohammed Imranuddin near Bahadurpura crossroads and seized two daggers from his possession. Imranuddin is currently under externment and Task Force officials said that by entering the city limits, he had violated the orders issued by the city police commissioner. He was handed over to Bahadurpura police.In a related development, West Zone team of the Task Force arrested Kulsumpura history-sheeter Baith Rupesh Singh, 30, near Puranapul Dhobighat and seized a Kukri knife from his possession. He was later handed over to Kulsumpura police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17456668", "title": "Drip irrigation need of the hour", "text": "One of the biggest problems facing Vidarbha today is the alarming state of orange farming. Around twenty years ago Vidarbha was number one in the country as far as orange was concerned. Now it is number five.Orange farms have disappeared from many areas where they were existed till 1990s. In many other places the number of trees has drastically reduced. Many youngsters of Vidarbha do not know how good a Nagpuri orange tastes. It has a unique taste. For a person who has been a close observer of Vidarbha's agrarian economy , it has been a painful journey.Orange is still Vidarbha's most important fruit. However, it does not get even a fraction of attention that it deserves. The government is completely apathetic towards the crop and its cultivators.One of the major problems that is dogging orange farming is the drop in ground water table due to overuse of ground water. It has to be restored at any cost. For this, water conservation works have to be taken up on a priority basis. Drip irrigation has to be used to reduce use of scarce water.Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar had promised 90% subsidy on drip irrigation before the 2009 elections but he did not fulfill it. Without subsidy, most farmers can't afford drip irrigation.The phytophthora fungus causes huge damage to orange trees every year. You need pesticides worth Rs 35,000 per acre but the government gives a subsidy of only Rs 5,000 per acre. Vidarbha's farmers do not have the capacity to pay Rs 30,000 per acre.Improving orange output is only one part. For complete revival of the industry we will have to focus on processing, marketing, cold storages and transportation. The governments of Rajasthan and Punjab have made orange their number one crop by concentrating on these aspects.Punjab has marketed the kinoo hybrid fruit very successfully. It is available at bus stations, railway stations and airports. The biggest tragedy is that at Nagpur airport you get kinoo but not Nagpuri orange.There is a saying 'An apple a day keeps the doctor away'. Our government could market orange by promoting the slogan 'Arogya ka mahamantra roz ka ek santra'. If this campaign is successful the consumption of orange will go up and more farmers will go in for orange farming, which in turn will improve their financial condition.Maharashtra needs an orange policy for comprehensively dealing with all these issues. I have met the horticulture minister at least ten times in last two years but have received only hollow assurances.Recently chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said that his government would consider taluka as the unit for calculating the backlog. This is an ominous sign for Vidarbha. If this happens it will once again lead to siphoning of funds to Western Maharashtra.The Constitution recognizes only three regions of Maharashtra - Vidarbha, Marathwada and Rest of Maharashtra. The backlog has been and should be calculated with the district as the unit. The politicians of Western Maharashtra can't violate the Constitution to suit their needs.Only Amravati division does not have a government- run UPSC coaching institution. The representation of Vidarbha in UPSC is very poor. I will move breach of privilege motion against higher education minister Rajesh Tope as he had promised to set up an institution last year.Government must declare minimum support price (MSP) for tuar. The traders are not opening purchase centres so that poor farmers who immediately need money are forced to sell at lower prices. Last year tuar growers had incurred a loss of Rs 1,000 per quintal due to these tactics of traders. This type of exploitation is a part of the larger problem, which is one of the major reasons for the plight of farmers. Government will have to tackle it comprehensively.(Anil Bonde is an Independent MLA from Morshi)5 issues that Bonde wants to be discussed* The orange crop in Vidarbha is in alarming condition. Many farmers have switched to other crops. Water table has gone down significantly reducing water availability. Unless water conservation works are done and drip irrigation is promoted, the remaining orange farmers will go in for other cash crops and Nagpuri orange may become a thing of the past* Maharashtra does not promote orange like Punjab and Rajasthan do. Infrastructure has to be built and a marketing campaign has to be launched. If this is done then orange consumption will increase and more farmers will be encouraged to grow the cash crop. It will improve the financial condition of Vidarbha's farmers* If taluka becomes the unit for calculation of backlog then it will again lead to diversion of funds to Western Maharashtra. The district is and should remain the unit for backlog calculation* Amravati division needs a government-run UPSC coaching institution. This will enable poor students to get the much needed guidance. It is vital for increasing representation of Vidarbha in central services.* Minimum support price (MSP) needs to be declared for tuar as traders are not opening purchase centres to pressure farmers into selling their produce at lower price.Rewind 2011: Shop deadline extendedThe 8.30pm deadline for closing the around 26 lakh shops and establishments across the state - which was in place for the past 63 years - was extended to 10 pm. Legislators from Mumbai demanded that it should be increased beyond 10 pm as a large number of people reach home after 10 pm. If the shops were open they could buy things of daily need on way home. The government agreed to consider the proposal. Some legislators, however, asked the government to ensure that shop employees should not be exploited.Blurb: Maharashtra needs an orange policy for comprehensively dealing with all these issues. I have met the horticulture minister at least ten times in last two years but have received only hollow assurances", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17458842", "title": "Obstacle run is no hurdle for adventure lovers", "text": "LUDHIANA: Localities got an opportunity to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city and test their strength in an obstacle run, the Ireo Devils Circuit, at the Ireo Waterfront Township near Baddowal on Sunday.\"It was one of the best experiences of my life. It was a welcome change from the internet, television and video games and gave me a break from the telephone. Ludhiana lacks such activities and there should be more of these runs and other outdoor activities,\" said Avi Singhania, 18, a participant, who is a resident of Civil Lines. \"I usually catch a movie or go to a gaming parlour to spend my free time, so this activity was a welcome change.The four km military-style run saw over 600 people, in the age group of 18 to 40 years, registering. Though majority of the participants were boys in their late teens or early twenties, many girls participated too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17457983", "title": "Anti-encephalitis campaign likely to be extended", "text": "GAYA: With less than 25% of the target achieved in the first nine days of the three-week campaign for 100 percent immunization against Japanese Encephalitis (JE), the deadly disease, that took an epidemic form in Gaya district in 2011, the campaign period is likely to be extended as the target of immunizing all the 22 lakh plus children in 1-15 age group in the districts of Gaya and Aurangabad has hit initial roadblocks.No less than 94 children, almost all of them belonging to the Mahadalit group, died due to encephalitis at ANMMCH, Gaya, alone and more than 200 others, who survived the disease, ended up with near permanent mental and physical disabilities.Principal secretary, health, Vyasji, on Saturday reviewed the progress of the campaign with the district officials along with health and education department officials of Gaya and Aurangabad.The review was done at Sherghati midway between the district headquarters of Gaya and Aurangabad.Explaining the somewhat slow progress of the campaign, health officials told the principal secretary, health, that due to Muharram and Guru Nanak Jayanti holidays in the schools, the number of actual working days came down and as such the number of immunized children remained on the lower side.Expressing his dissatisfaction with the publicity part of the campaign, Vyasji said that something more needs to be done to create awareness about the programme so that more and more people of the vulnerable sections come forward and get their children immunized. The incidence of children skipping school to join the harvest work in the fields has also been recognized as an irritant in the execution of the campaign.Confirming reports of higher incidence of school bunking during the harvest season, Vyasji said that mobilizers including Asha workers and anganwadi sevikas have been issued strict instructions to ensure that the target group children get immunized and the health workers found wanting in job will be punished. Punishment includes removal from service in the case of Asha workers.According to the principal secretary, health, instructions are being issued to include child beggars of Bodh Gaya in the immunization ambit.As per reports, a sizeable number of Bodh Gaya schoolchildren drop out in the tourist season and go for beggary outside the Buddha shrine and other important points.Neither the BTMC nor the Gaya district administration has come out with effective plans to prevent child beggary in Bodh Gaya and rehabilitate the child beggars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "shimoga/bangalore", "code": "17456617", "title": "BJP bigwigs take stock of B S Yeddyurappa's exit", "text": "SHIMOGA/BANGALORE: Just days after former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's exit from the party, the ruling BJP has jumped into stock-taking mode in Shimoga on Sunday. Following Yeddyurappa's exit, several grassroots workers and office-bearers in the party here have quit to join the Lingayat strongman's new Karnataka Janata Party (KJP).This necessitated a meeting of three bigwigs of the state BJP - chief minister Jagadish Shettar, state BJP president K S Eshwarappa and party's national general secretary H N Ananth Kumar - on Sunday.So far 12 taluk panchayat, 13 municipal council, four zilla panchayat, six agricultural produce marketing committee (APMC) members and presidents of all the cooperative societies in Shikaripur taluk, home turf of Yeddyurappa, have resigned their posts and joined KJP.Aware of the dent Yeddyurappa could cause to the party, the top leaders addressed party workers and deliberated on curbing any exodus of sorts not only to KJP, but also to Congress and JD(S).Attacking Yeddyurappa, perhaps for the first time, Shettar maintained that the BJP in the state was strengthened by the dedicated efforts of volunteers and not by individuals. \"We have gradually achieved success from mere four seats to 14 , which moved to 40, then 44, 79 and to the magic mark of 110 during 2008, all due to the efforts of party workers,\" he said while addressing BJP workers on Sunday.Shettar said that the BJP was as strong as ever with the support and spirit of lakhs of party workers and there was no need to feel let down. \"There is no future for regional parties here. No regional party has survived in the past nor will it do well in future in Karnataka,\" the CM said, in an apparent dig at Yeddyurappa.Dismissing reports of early elections and dissolution of assembly, Shettar said his government will complete the full term and BJP would come to power on its own in the ensuing elections in the state. \"Our main opponent in the election is Congress, not KJP or any other party,\" he said and maintained that coming legislature session in Belgaum would be conducted without any trouble.Kumar expressed unhappiness over the exit of Yeddyurappa. \"The leader who was with us for over 40 years left the party without attributing any proper reason. He will repent for his action,\" he said.Kumar said the former CM's exit would not have any effect on the party as voters were politically conscious and would give a fitting reply to Yeddyurappa during polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17457103", "title": "Jharkhand State Electricity Board final deal with franchisees in limbo", "text": "RANCHI: The final agreement with franchisees for distribution and maintenance operations is getting deferred as the Jharkhand State Electricity Board is yet to get the employees co-ordination committee's consent on the same. The employees' union has threatened to go on indefinite strike if the state electricity board implements the franchise system in power distribution in Ranchi and Jamshedpur.JSEB has named Calcutta Electricity Supply Company ( CESC ) as the Ranchi franchisee and Tata Power as the Jamshedpur franchisee.The board was supposed to sign an agreement with the chosen franchisees by November end so that the new system becomes operational by December. PK Srivastava, director-public relation at JSEB, said the decision has been taken and the Jharkhand State Electricity Regulatory Commission (JSERC) has been informed. \"We have to sign an agreement with the parties to bring every terms and conditions in black and white,\" he said.JSEB has plans to hand over power supply, maintenance and distribution of bills to the franchisees to check transmission and distribution (T&D;) losses. At present, T&D; losses in Jharkhand are estimated to be around 33-35%. JSERC, while finalizing annual tariff, has refused to allow such high rates of T&D; losses. JSEB feels if the franchise system is not implemented, then it will continue to incur revenue losses on T&amp;D.;Srivastava said incentive to a franchisee would depend on the percentage of losses they recover. \"We are not going to pay a single penny to the franchisee companies as they have to reduce the losses and depending on that, they will get 20% of the amount thus generated,\" he said.Prashant Chaturvedi, the convener of the JSEB's co-ordination committee for employees, said they had received the papers of franchisee agreement on Saturday. \"The most important letter of intent is missing which forms the basis of agreement being signed by the board and the franchisee partners,\" he said.When asked why the co-ordination committee is opposed to the franchise system, Chaturvedi said the model failed in other states. Also, amount of loss to be recovered cannot be estimated unless the board is reconstituted. \"Unless the board is reconstituted as generation, transmission and distribution utilities, how can it decide the loss that the franchisee is expected to reduce,\" he said.while reiterating the announcement to resort to agitation in case the board enters into franchisee agreement without taking the committee into confidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "17461275", "title": "South Korea loves Bollywood dramas but wants fewer songs", "text": "SEOUL: South Korea enjoys emotional Bollywood dramas and would love watching more movies like Three Idiots, My Name is Khan and Black. But fans also want them to be shorter in length and with fewer songs, say a film critic and a top executive whose company distributes Hindi films here.Generally Korean films are one hour and 45 minutes long. Bollywood films, despite getting trimmer over the years, are still considerably lengthier. \"Most fans want shorter Hindi films. Many theatres also don't accept long movies because it brings down the number of shows,\" says film critic Kwak Young-Jin. But sometimes size becomes irrelevant. \"When Three Idiots was edited by 20 minutes to make the film more suitable to local taste, it prompted a lot of complaints from fans. Consequently, the original version was restored. In fact, some theatres screened both versions,\" says Kwak.Interestingly, the two biggest Bollywood hits in South Korea-- Three Idiots grossed over 3 million dollars while My Name Is Khan collected 2.6 million dollars, as per film trade website boxofficemojo.com -- were both about two hours and 45 minutes long. Bollywood action flicks don't have a great record; both Don2 and Robot crashed. \"Some movies also fail because they are not promoted properly,\"says Hee Ju, managing director, Atnine film, which distributes Hindi movies.The majority Bollywood audience, Ju points out, consists of women in the 20-40 age bracket. Besides, there are also small informal clubs or groups of Koreans who watch Indian movies. Hindi movies are not available in most dvd shops. Some fans simply download them from the net.The release of Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Black in 2008 - three years after it was shown in India -- spurred a general interest in mainstream Bollywood in Korea although film critic Kwak also recalls watching Haathi Mere Saathi as a kid in 1975.\"Many kids throng to see the film which was subtitled and renamed, Holy Elephant,\" he remembers.Korea's minister of culture, sports and tourism, Choe Kwang-shik, says, \"Many Koreans sympathised with Black because it was about a woman who overcame her disability and was able to succeed in life. Such movies that deal with humanism will garner positive response from the Korean audience.\" Thanks to the Busan film festival, many local film lovers are also aware of off-beat Indian films. Anurag Basu's Barfi was shown to acclaim this year.Another movie which earned critical plaudits was Tare Zameen Par (Like stars on earth).\"Taare Zameen Par was loved by the educational sector which saw a lot of positives in its theme. It got a lot of positive feedback ,\"says Young-Jin. The movie was released in 20 select screens unlike the flop Guzarish which was shown widely in 181 and Three Idiots which was viewed across South Korea in 234 screens.(The author was in Seoul at the invitation of the South Korean government)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17458770", "title": "Now, leopard in a logjam", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Authorities at the Chandigarh Wildlife Department and the Mahendra Chaudhary Zoological Park (Chhatbir Zoo) have locked horns over the male leopard captured from an underground pipe at the IAF station on March 23 after an 11-day long struggle. The big cat has been in the custody of Chhatbir Zoo since then.Although the Chandigarh wildlife department maintains that the leopard should be released into the wild, officials of Chhatbir Zoo contend that it is not fit to survive in the forest. Sources in the Chandigarh wildlife department said they have sought the intervention of the Wildlife Institute of India, Dehradun. \"A letter has been sent to officials of the Wildlife Institute of India, Dehradun requesting them to send a team of wildlife experts, including doctors to examine the physical fitness of the leopard and confirm if it is fit to be released into the forests or not,\" a source in the wildlife department said.Officials in the Chhatbir Zoo refused to release the leopard saying that it lost its canine teeth and claws during the rescue operation, due to which it could not fend for itself. Chief wildlife warden, UT Santosh Kumar said, \"As per the opinion of the UT wildlife department, the captured leopard should be released in the forest, otherwise its instincts like hunting would suffer.\" He said they have written to the Wildlife Institute of India (WII) and a response is awaited.Authorities at the Chandigarh Wildlife Department and the Mahendra Chaudhary Zoological Park (Chhatbir Zoo) have locked horns over the male leopard captured from an underground pipe at the IAF station on March 23 after an 11-day long struggle.However, Chhatbir Zoo director Manish Kumar stood his ground. \"At present, the leopard is not fit to be released into the forests and correspondence over its fate continues with the Chandigarh wildlife department.\"The rescued leopard is currently lodged in a separate cell and is being brought up under close supervision of experts in Chhatbir Zoo. The leopard was rescued after several attempts, including the use of high water pressure jets into the pipe to force it out and use of live bait.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "west midnapore", "code": "17459114", "title": "4 TMC workers injured at Keshpur", "text": "WEST MIDNAPORE: Four Trinamool Congress supporters were allegedly injured after a clash with Congress workers at Keshpur on Sunday. Local Trinamool Congress leaders claimed that four of their workers were injured in the incident.One of them was admitted to Midnapore Medical College. Congress supporters had taken out a rally to drum up support for a meeting at Keshpur on December 8 where Union minister Jairam Ramesh will be present. Trinamool supporters had also taken out a rally around the same time to publicize the party's meeting at Ramgarh on December 9.Local Congress leader Mohammad Rafiq alleged that their party supporters were attacked by supporters of Trinamool Congress.Trinamool Congress block secretary Tapan Chakraborty on the other hand denied the allegations. Police blew off the incident as a small misunderstanding between supporters of the two parties and said that situation was controlled with police intervention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17461294", "title": "Polling underway for Legislative Council seats in J&K;", "text": "SRINAGAR: Amidst tight security, polling is underway on Monday for the four Legislative Council seats in Jammu and Kashmir under the panchayat quota.The polls for the reserved seats are being held after a gap of 38 years as the panchayat elections in the state were held last year after a gap over three decades.\"Polling began at 9.00am and will continue till 5.00pm,\" divisional commissioner, Kashmir, Asgar Samoon said.As many as 33,450 panchayat members will decide the fate of 37 candidates in fray.Election officials said while polling has been brisk in some areas of Jammu, the response so far in the Valley has been poor due to cold conditions early in the morning.National Conference and Congress - partners in the ruling coalition - are contesting the elections jointly and have fielded two candidates each for the four seats.The opposition parties, including PDP and Panthers Party, have fielded candidates on all four seats while the Bharatiya Janata Party is contesting on three seats -- two from Jammu region and one from Kashmir Valley.The Bahujan Samaj Party has also fielded three candidates.As many as 15,628 panchayat members will elect two MLCs in Jammu division from a total of 21 candidates, while 17,912 members will cast their votes to elect two members from the 16 candidates in fray from Kashmir division.Tight security arrangements have been put in place with para-military and state police personnel deployed in sensitive areas to deal with any untoward incident.As many as 27 companies of CRPF and 40 companies of police and armed police have been deployed for the security and monitoring during voting.Security has been tightened in view of recent incidents of militancy.Deployment of CRPF and police has been completed in most of the places where polling will be held tomorrow, they said.Counting of votes will take place on December 6 and the EVMs will be shifted from all district headquarters to Jammu and Srinagar on December 4 and 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17458471", "title": "Woman held for cheating public of lakhs of rupees", "text": "A woman was arrested by the police on Sunday in Visakhapatnam on charges of cheating the public by collecting lakhs of rupees from innocent customers. Four other members of the gang, which ran an illegal money racket are on the run. They reportedly collected Rs 20 crore from several people.According to the police, Renu Mirani collected lakhs of rupees from gullible people promising them a higher rate of interest. Apart from Renu, Ramesh Goud, Kiran Kumar and two others were allegedly involved in the racket which they ran under the name of a firm called Spark India. A dedicated office was set up near Sampath Vinayak temple and by giving advertisements in the print and electronic media, they lured hundreds of innocent depositors to the firm and reportedly collected nearly Rs 20 crore before downing the shutters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17457075", "title": "Ill-maintained elevators across Chennai are potential death traps", "text": "CHENNAI: Elevators in many commercial establishments in the city are either poorly maintained or receive no maintenance whatsoever, making them potential death traps.Sunday's accident in a marriage hall in Korrukkupet, in which a 55-year-old man died and two people were seriously injured, was apparently caused by a cable snap, exposing the complete lack of monitoring of elevator safety.The elevator at Annai Mahal Marriage Hall was installed by city-based Golden Elevators six months ago, police said. \"The hall opened only six months ago, so the lift must have been installed then,\" a police officer said, adding that he was not aware if the two elevators in the building were new or had been purchased secondhand.The officer said he did not know if the owners of the marriage hall had an elevator licence under the Tamil Nadu Lifts Act, 1997. It is compulsory for all buildings, except industrial units, to possess the licence to operate an elevator.New elevators made and installed by reputed companies have an average lifespan of 20 years, provided they receive maintenance once every two months. \"Annual maintenance contracts usually guarantee this and companies replace faulty parts including cables,\" said an official from elevator major Kone.Officials of Golden Elevators refused to comment on the accident.The electrical inspectorate department is in charge of enforcing the rules and making sure that elevator operators comply with the norms. All elevators have to be checked once a year by an inspector from the department, at the time the building's licence is renewed. Also licences should be renewed three months before they expire.Sources said shortage of elevator inspectors in the city, hampers regular inspections. Several elevators have collapsed in the city in recent years due to lack of proper maintenance.\"Many developers or owners of high-rises in the city are not concerned about making sure that elevators are safe,\" a senior official of the electrical inspectorate department said. Several buildings in the city still use elevators with collapsible grill doors, which are banned under the rules, he said.According to Bureau of Indian Standards, the lifts should be equipped with power backup and a fireman's switch, apart from other safety equipment.People who work in offices in high-rises were worried when informed about the marriage hall accident.\"Our elevator always carries more people than its actual capacity,\" said an IT professional who works in Velachery. \"The elevator is also not maintained properly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17457445", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcI am a chilli. My colour is green. I am not hot\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "Dressed in a dark green dress with a matching hairband and footwear, 5-year-old Ivin K G introduces herself to a large audience, \"I am a chilli. My colour is green. I am not hot. I am a capsicum.\"Even as the audience nods in recognition, the teacher takes out a capsicum from a basket full of vegetables and shows it to the class. She then asks, \"What is this?\" The students scream, \"Capsicum.\"The teacher nods in approval and then cuts the capsicum and mixes it with other cut salad vegetables in a bowl.Sometime later, the students are served the vegetable salad dish for snacks, which the toddlers compete to finish.As the group of students, brought up on their diet of junk food, rush for a second helping of the salad, the class teacher whispers, \"We regularly have vegetable or fruit days for kindergarten students. Children not only learn about the vegetable or fruit, but they are also encouraged to eat healthy food.\"This is part of experimental learning being promoted by Al-Ameen School in the city. \"We emphasize experimental learning as students get to see and learn. What you actually see and learn, you tend not to forget,\" said school principal Saroja Sahadevan. The school believes that this would also help to develop spoken English skills in students, as they are encouraged to speak about things that they see or people they meet.Besides improving spoken English skills, the school has introduced various activities. Children are asked to bring their toys to school and speak about them. Similarly, they are asked to talk about themselves, friends, family and teachers.Sometimes children are divided into groups and given a situation about which they have to speak. They are also trained to use polite language, the use of correct articles, and given innovative lessons in nouns, adjectives, pronouns, preposition, conjunction and adverbs employing the storytelling method.(Do you have an innovation in your school that is worth emulating? If so, mail us at timesreporters@gmail.com)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17415196", "title": "Some women actually dread Christmas!", "text": "Two thirds of women are actually dreading the Christmas break this year because they worry about the effect that the extra calories they consume will have on their waistlines, a new study has found .A new survey revealed that 67 per cent of British woman say that they hate the look of their stomachs after Christmas - and all those indulgent meals - have come to an end.It's not just stomachs that suffer either. The poll, put together by Harley Street clinic Lovelite from their patients and from latest YouGov data, revealed the second most hated part of British women's bodies after their tummies is their thighs (47 per cent), followed by their hips (42 per cent), the Daily Mail reported.\"Christmas should be a time of celebrating and relaxing with friends and family but instead the majority of British women are stressed out from calculating the effects of all the extra food and drink,\" LoveLite owner Debra Robson-Lawrence said.\"They are dreading the fact that their figure is going to expand and especially hate putting on weight around their tummy,\" she said.As a result of women's body image issues, Robson-Lawrence said that demand for non-surgical fat-reduction treatments has risen sharply and the LoveLite clinic has seen a 200 per cent increase on last year.And some are even booking in before they indulge this Christmas in an attempt to preempt festive weight gain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17458454", "title": "An 'artificial' human brain that can clear IQ test too", "text": "LONDON: Scientists claim to have developed the \"closest model\" to a functioning human brain ever created and it is advanced enough to pass a basic IQ test. The simulated brain - which runs on a supercomputer, has a digital eye which it uses for visual input and a robotic arm that it uses to draw its response, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Neuroscientists and software engineers at the University of Waterloo in Canada claim it is world's most complex, large-scale model simulation of the human brain.The brain, called Spaun (Semantic Pointer Architecture Unified Network), consists of 2.5 million simulated neurons, allowing it to perform eight different tasks.These tasks range from copy drawing to counting, to question answering and fluid reasoning. During the tests the scientists flashed up numbers and letters, which Spaun reads into memory, and then another letter or symbol acts as the command, telling Spaun what to do with its memory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17458539", "title": "Colours of Nuakhai intoxicate Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Heady beats of drums, dhols and folk dances rocked the state capital on Sunday as it hosted Nuakhai Bhet Ghat, a cultural extravaganza to mark Nuakhai, an agrarian festival of western Odisha.As many as 16 cultural troupes enthralled a 2000-strong gathering at Adivasi ground. Folk dances like Chutkuchuta, Rasarkeli, Dalkhai, Jaiphula, Dhap and Bajnia mesmerised the audience while satirical Sambalpuri poetry provided the icing on the cake.\"It seems the entire western Odisha is here today. It is a great way to celebrate Nuakhai for those from the west who were unable to visit their homes for the festival,\" smiled a member of the audience Debabrata Sharma.Western Odisha denizens celebrate Nuakhai every year in September. The city hosts the festival at this time of the year, especially for those from the west of the state living here who are unable to travel to their home towns for the festival for sundry reasons.This year the 'bhet ghat' (exchange of festive greetings) was dedicated to legendary freedom fighter of western Odisha Birsa Munda. \"Every year we dedicate the celebration to some legend. Since Birsa Munda was one of the heroes, who contributed to the freedom movement from a remote village of Kalahandi district, we dedicated the function to him,\" said Prabhas Singh, president of Paschim Odisha Agrani Sangathan, organising committee of the festival. Nuakhai is not just a dance and music extravaganza but is also an occasion to remember people who have made remarkable contribution to the society, he added.The sangathan, which has been organising Nuakhai celebrations for the last 17 years in Bhubaneswar, also felicitated artists, social reformers, historians and writers at the function. Those felicitated were Ghasirma Mishra and Alekh Sahu for their contribution to folk music, Pabitra Mohan Nayak and Gopalkrushna Mahapatra as writers, Ranjan Kishor Panda and Jyoti Panigrahi for social work and Bhuban Bhoi and Manabhanjan Hota for their contribution to drama.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "the bar council of rajasthan, an apex body of lawyers with nearly 73,000 members, elected advocate sanjay sharma as its new chairman on november 25. sharma talked about far-reaching changes in the body during a conversation with abhinav sharma recently. excerpts", "code": "17457406", "title": "'Bar Council's aim is to ensure that the system stays clean'", "text": "The Bar Council of Rajasthan, an apex body of lawyers with nearly 73,000 members, elected advocate Sanjay Sharma as its new chairman on November 25. Sharma talked about far-reaching changes in the body during a conversation with Abhinav Sharma recently. Excerpts:You often talk about an anti-corruption cell, how feasible it will be?We at Bar Council want a mechanism which is speedy, fair and to act as a 'watchdog'. Complaints against judiciary is looked into by the Chief Justice through an inbuilt self-appraisal mechanism. I am conscious about our limitations as a statutory body too, but at the same time it is a travesty that whenever a complaint is made, the same is kept pending for years and it is acted upon only when the officer is on the verge of retirement or is likely to be considered for promotion as high court judge, serving no purpose. We are going to make a recommendation after a general house meeting of Bar Council to be convened soon that in case of a relative, son or daughter of a high court judge or a judge of lower judiciary placed a vakalatnaama before him and the judge in turn transfers the case to another judge and if the case is argued by a different lawyer there, then the case shall be transferred back to the first judge.How will this proposed cell work?Any public person or a lawyer will be allowed to make a complaint against any judgment or order which seems to be out of order or some malice is attributed. However, to see that no judge is bullied intentionally, our anti-corruption cell will seek an affidavit from the complainant, even if he is a lawyer, to the effect that in case any charges leveled by him are found incorrect, he will be prosecuted. After an in-house inquiry, we will request the Chief Justice of high court to look into the matter and take any suitable action. Both the high court and lower judiciary are discharging their functions with utmost transparency and our only endeavour is to see that the system stays clean.What about placing your own house in order? Do you justify lawyers going on strike, especially for issues that do not espouse the cause of justice delivery system?There cannot be any justification for such strikes. We have decided to form a grievance committee soon which will first take up the issue for which the strike is being proposed to be called and once the committee says that the matter is an attack on the independence of judiciary, then only we will resort to strike. And, no one will be allowed to give a call for strike unnecessarily without scrutiny of the issue in hand.Lack of infrastructure has been an issue awaiting redressal for years?Government has a strong apathy towards judiciary. Most of the courts in the state lack even basic amenities. But when funds are released for constructing new court building, the plan concentrate only on the court rooms. The building plans often overlook the plight of lawyers and litigants who needed chambers and retiring rooms. We will soon write to all the district judges to have a building committee with one of the Bar Council member as its member.How far the vacancies of judges are affecting the justice delivery system?Severely! We have decided to meet the Chief Justice to request him to make selection of RJS officers an annual affair just like RAS and IAS services. Further, we demand that the appointment to the post of additional district judges from lawyer quota must be filled up soon. A delegation of Bar Council of Rajasthan will meet the Chief Justice of India soon and request him to reduce the time of 3-4 months or more consumed in the appointment of high court judges after the names are forwarded and recommended by Chief Justice of high court. We oppose opening of courts like Gram Nyayalay because, with no new selections for such courts, it disrupts justice delivery in grass roots level by overburdening judges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17457722", "title": "Women security guards keep vigil at Gurgaon malls, hotels and cinemas", "text": "GURGAON: Whenever Aarti Kumari visits her native village in Meerut district of Uttar Pradesh, she has a lot of stories to narrate to her family and friends about her work.\"Every time I visit my village, I am surrounded by villagers who keep asking me questions,\" says Aarti, who has been working with a city-based security agency for two years now.She said it is surprising for villagers to even think about women security guards, they feel it's not a woman's cup of tea. \"When I told them about my frisking job at the entrance of a mall, they didn't believe me,\" she said.There are hundreds of such women in NCR who have left their villages and joined security agencies to earn their living. Interestingly, the demand for women security officers in NCR is always going up.\"In service sector like hotels , malls and cinemas the demand for female security personnel is very high,\" said Atul of Suryavanshi security agency.Another security agency owner said there has been a constant rise in the demand for female security guards and therefore we have increased the staff strength by about 20% in last one year. \"Frisking is becoming mandatory in most places and a female visitor can only be searched by a female security officer,\" he said.On issue of availability of candidates, he said it is difficult to get female security guards because many families still face social stigma in allowing girls to work as security guards.\"Most of the girls in our security agency earlier worked as sales girls or in beauty shops but they joined agency for better salary,\" said Atul. On her career choice, Rajni Sharma said it was difficult to convince her family about her choice of career. \"But if you want something, you get it,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17457440", "title": "Central University of Rajasthan gets eco savvy, uses solar energy to meet 60% requirements", "text": "JAIPUR: That a state with abundant sunshine should set an example in using solar energy to meet most of its requirements is still a distant dream.But, the Central University of Rajasthan, in a first-of-its-kind initiative, has shown the way by meeting 60% of its energy needs through solar energy.The university is the first in the state and among the eight central universities formed by the HRD ministry to have successfully channelized solar energy to meet daily requirements.The university campus has four buildings with a monthly requirement of 600 kilowatt electricity (for November), of which 420 KW is generated by solar panels.The energy is used to heat around 80,000 litres of water and light up 62 electric poles in the campus.In addition to being eco friendly, the method is also proving to be cost effective for the university.It is now planning to install four solar units of 30 KW each and one of 1 megawatt in the next six months to become the first university in the country to run 100% on a renewable source of energy.So far, Rs 3 crore has been sanctioned by the management for the project.The university lies in the tropical region and receives enough sunlight to meet 100% energy requirements for eight months barring months of monsoon and winter.Fulfilling its commitment of promoting 'sustainable development', the university has installed 62 electric poles of 400 watt each across the university driven by solar panels.\"These automatically become active after sunset and switch off automatically during sunrise. Throughout the day the cells recharge themselves to a level that they could run for 16 hours,\" said Adarsh Tyagi, assistant engineer, CPWD, Ajmer.Furthermore, the solar energy is also used for heating 20,000 litre of water every day in each of the four buildings to provide uninterrupted supply of hot water during winter.Fans, tube lights, computers and other equipments below 9 KW can be operated by solar energy. Once the upcoming projects will see the light of the day, the university will join the league of world's few academic places promoting sustainable development.\"The production of solar energy is phenomenal and unexpected. Soon, in future we will attain self reliance in terms of power requirement. We would be utilizing the space for tapping the solar energy so that in future we can help in the electrification of nearby villages which still don't have power connection,\" said M M Salunkhee, vice-chancellor of CU-Raj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17457595", "title": "Newborn found abandoned", "text": "ROHTAK: A newborn girl was found abandoned in a garbage dump at Sempal village of Kalanaur block in Rohtak on Sunday. Village residents spotted the infant wrapped in a gunny bag and rescued her. Local MLA Shakuntala Khatak, who happened to be passing by, provided first aid to the baby and rushed her to PGIMS Rohtak. Shakuntala was a staff nurse at the institute before she became Congress MLA in 2009.\"The child was seemingly lifeless when she was taken out of the gunny bag. But I checked her heartbeat and gave some heat to revive her. We rushed to the Kalanaur hospital and put her on ventilator after which she was taken to PGIMS, Rohtak\", the MLA, who represented Kalanaur (reserved) constituency, said.The baby is undergoing treatment at the neonatal intensive care unit ( NICU) at the institute, she said. According to Kalanaur SHO Kulbir Singh, the infant, around a week old, was dumped in a garbage heap in an open plot along the village road. The police have registered a case against the unknown parents or guardians. Meanwhile, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has served a notice on the Haryana government seeking explanation after a Panipat based NGO filed a complaint with the commission earlier this year. In June, about six incidents of abandoning of newborn babies were reported in Gurgaon, Rohtak, Rewari, Sonipat and Bhiwani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17456628", "title": "Mining slowly picks up in Bellary", "text": "BANGALORE: After more than one and a half years, mining has resumed in Bellary. Though permission was given to three companies in the district - B Kumar Goud Mining Company (BKG), Nadeem Minerals and Tiffin Barryates - only BKG resumed operations from October 24. Others are set to follow suit.Permission was given only after the mining companies undertook reclamation and rehabilitation (R&R;) measures laid down by the Supreme Court. Mining of iron ore is prohibited by the apex court following allegations of largescale illegal mining.Deputy commissioner of Bellary district Aditya Amlan Biswas told TOI that permission was given after the R&R; plan undertaken by the companies was more than 80%. \"BKG has resumed operations while others are yet to do so. Though they can mine, they are not allowed to transport the ore, according to conditions laid down by the apex court. Ore can be transported only after e-auction,\" Biswas said.The SC-constituted Central Empowered Committee (CEC) had categorized firms as Category A, B and C based on the norms of mining operations. The mines which showed least or no irregularities were categorized as 'A' and those with maximum illegalities as 'C' category.P Srinivas Rao, head of operations, BKG Mines, told TOI that his company falls in A category and had satisfied all the conditions laid down by the SC. \"We started our production in October last week. Many officials of the monitoring committee, including former Lokayukta officer U V Singh, visited our site and were satisfied with the conditions. We have been given permission to mine 6.4 lakh tonnes of iron ore a year,\" he said.He said the more than 200 employees of the company were happy that operations had resumed. \"Soon work will start in other companies and thousands of workers will have jobs in their hands,\" Rao added.The forest bench of the apex court headed by Chief Justice S H Kapadia had banned mining activity across the state in July-August 2011, following the multi-crore mining scam. The bench partially lifted the ban on April 20, 2012 in three districts of Bellary, Chitradurga and Tumkur in the state after handing down stiff conditions. The Dehradun-based Indian Council of Forestry Research and Education (ICFRE) prepared the R&R; programme on the apex court directive for mining firms in each category.A three-judge forest bench headed by Justice Aftab Alam in September lifted the ban on iron ore mining operations in the state by companies which had not flouted lease conditions. It accepted the report of CEC which had said that Category 'A' leases which comprise 21 operational and 24 non-operational leases be allowed to carry on their business as they have not violated any rules. The Karnataka Iron and Steel Manufacturing Association had sought immediate steps to open those iron ore mines where the expert panel had found minimum irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17456451", "title": "Anna Hazare demands SIT probe into irrigation scams", "text": "AURANGABAD: Social crusader Anna Hazare on Sunday said that instead of issuing a white paper on irrigation, the government should have instituted an inquiry by the special investigation team (SIT) to get to the bottom of the expenditure of thousands of crores of rupees on irrigation facilities in Maharashtra.Terming the white paper issued by the state government on irrigation as a \"farce\" and a \"black paper\", he demanded chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to either conduct a probe through SIT or go for a judicial inquiry into the whole affair.Speaking to the media, Hazare said that he had already written to Chavan reiterating his demand for an in-depth probe into the irrigation affairs, instead of issuing a white paper, which merely was intended to bail out some individuals involved in the wrong-doings. He questioned whether an officer of the rank of divisional commissioner could inquire into the wrong-doings of secretaries or ministers.\"I told the chief minister that he himself is not corrupt, but he should also not ignore the corruption which some of his ministers were involved in. This attitude may itself amount to a corrupt practice.'' Hazare said that despite spending huge amounts on irrigation facilities since independence, the state has recorded only 12 per cent irrigation. \"Naturally, we would question where the money has gone, despite it being shown to have been spent on irrigation\", he said.Hazare was in the city to attend the regional level workshop of Bharasthachar Virodhi Jan Andolan Nyas (People's trust for anti-corruption movement) led by him. The workshop was organized to revitalize the anti-corruption movement to create awareness among people and to make them realize the value of their vote.The fresh campaign would last till the next Lok Sabha election and people would be prepared to vote for the right kind of candidate, irrespective of his caste, creed, religion or political affiliations, said Hazare. He said that he would tour all the states from January 2013 to create an awareness among people about the strength their vote carries and to reason with them why they need a man with a goodcharacter to represent them in the parliament.The campaign would continue for 18 months till the next Lok Sabha elections are declared. \"I would again go to the Ramlila Maidan after 18 months on two main issues - Jan Lok Pal and on right to reject. The ballot papers should have a provision to reject the candidates. With Lok Pal in place, we could check corruption by 60 to 65 per cent. However, there are many other issues that will take at least 20 to 25 years to resolve and make the country completely free of corruption.\"On whether he would support social activist-turned politician Arvind Kejriwal's candidates, Hazare said \"Kejriwal's party's slate is still blank. If I decide to campaign for him, I would do so for the candidates with good character.\"On Kejriwal floating his own party, Hazare said that every citizen in India has the democratic right to do so. \"But I am not extending open support to Kejriwal. He should choose his candidates carefully. I would campaign for the right sort of candidates belonging to any party and there is a dearth of right kind of people in the parliament,'' he added.On what exactly he meant by candidates with good character, Hazare explained \"He should not be a criminal, he should have a good track record of working for the people, he should not have any vested interests.'' He added that presently over 150 MPs in the Parliament have a criminal record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17458849", "title": "Man saves boy, dies of electrocution", "text": "MYSORE: A man died of electrocution while saving a boy who had fallen into a fountain at the Dasara exhibition grounds here on Sunday .According to police, Kumaraswamy,55, of Sharadadevinagar had come the exhibition with his family members. He went to save the boy who had fallen into the 3-ft deep fountain. After the rescuing the boy, Kumaraswamg accidentally touched a power cable and died. Police are suspecting that he died of electrocution. Karnataka Exhibition Authority chairman B P Manju has confirmed the tragedy. K R hospital sources confirmed that Kumaraswamy was brought dead to the hospital. Nazarbad police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17459013", "title": "Equal Rights", "text": "As citizens, differently-abled people should not only have equal rights but should also be entitled to a life of dignity, equal treatment, independent living and full participation in society.Students with intellectual and developmental disabilities are largely being denied an opportunity to attain higher and vocational education after completing their special education or mainstream schooling. Annually, thousands of young Indians are deprived of a natural pathway into the world of employment and community participation.Today, society at large needs to understand that the physical and/or mental impairment that limits a person could range from simple activities include caring for oneself - performing manual tasks, seeing, hearing, eating, sleeping, walking, standing, lifting, bending - to tasks such as learning, reading, concentrating, thinking, communicating to the normal functioning of the body, including respiration, etc.Disability is a human right issue and not a matter of discretion . This has been highlighted in the UN Convention on the Rights of People with Disabilities (UNCRPD), of which India is a signatory.Equal access to quality education and lifelong learning enable differently-abled people to participate in society and improve their quality of life. The right to education bill in India supports the inclusion of differently-abled in mainstream education.Manovikas Institute of Higher Education (MIHE) offers higher and vocational education pan-India .(The writer is managing secretary, Manovikas Institute of Higher Education; consultant in rehabilitation science and special education)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17456815", "title": "Woman ends life; husband, mother-in-law booked", "text": "NAGPUR: Pachpaoli police on Saturday slapped charges of abetting suicide against a man after his wife committed suicide at their Barse Nagar residence last week.Maya Panekar, 35, succumbed to her injuries at Mayo hospital after she was admitted with more than 90% burns. Police also booked Maya's mother-in-law and sister-in-law.Maya and Shirish tied the knot around a decade ago. They have two daughters. The couple used to have frequent tiffs on trivial issues. Shirish's mother Shantabai too used to join in with her another daughter-in-law Vijeta.Fed up of the disturbing scenario at home, a depressed Maya doused kerosene and set her self ablaze. She was rescued from the flames before being taken to the hospital.To protect her family members, Maya tried to claim before cops that a burning candle fell on her saree while she was praying in the pooja room.Pachpaoli recorded Maya's statement after they reached the hospital after being informed by the Mayo police booth.Police said that Maya's father Motiram Hanwate had lodged a complaint saying his daughter took the drastic step after she was tortured mentally and physically by her in-laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17458878", "title": "Prabir's Eden pitch may not be to Dhoni's liking", "text": "NEW DELHI: While the 'pitch row' ahead of the Kolkata Test between Indian and England continues, Cricket Association of Bengal (CAB) curator Prabir Mukherjee's choice of the Eden Gardens track for hosting the Test could add grist to the mill. That is because Mukherjee has earmarked a 'tired pitch' for the crucial match.This is the same strip which hosted the Bengal-Gujarat Ranji Trophy tie from November 17 to 20. Certain BCCI quarters wanted the Test to be staged on another pitch, a 'fresher' one, which was used during the Bengal-Rajasthan Ranji match from November 2 to 5. However, Mukherjee has apparently snubbed the idea. The second track, some experts thought, would have had more bounce, carry and even spin, something Indian captain MS Dhoni wanted.The apprehension is that a recently used pitch could be on the slower side and the odd delivery could stay low. In other words, it could turn out to be a slow turner. \"This pitch was used for the Ranji Trophy game against Gujarat. They were 18 for 5 in their second innings but they fought back to draw the match. English spinners Swann and Panesar will enjoy this pitch. They bowl line and length,\" Mukherjee was quoted as saying in a website.He also claimed \"the pitch will have good pace and bounce\". However, the fact that groundsmen have already used two-ton heavy rollers on the pitch has further compounded the matter and might prove Mukherjee wrong. \"This may make the Eden pitch slower and lower,\" a source pointed out.With Mukherjee more or less sticking to his guns, it will be interesting to see what will be BCCI's response if the pitch doesn't catch Dhoni's fancy and if the Indians lose again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "17458718", "title": "Another Tibetan sets himself ablaze, toll reaches 90", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: A 29-year-old Tibetan, Kunchok Kyab, set himself afire on Friday at Zoegey, in Ngaba, north-eastern Tibet, taking the toll of self-immolation cases to 90.According to the Central Tibetan Administration (CTA), eyewitness reports said Chinese security officers took the body to the regional police headquarters and its present whereabouts are unknown.With the number of self-immolation cases escalating in Tibet, members of the Human Rights Watch have called on governments committed to the protection of human rights to jointly urge the Chinese government to address Tibetan grievances.\"They should consider forming a contact group or issuing a joint statement on long-standing human rights problems in Tibet. Coordinated, international expressions of concern are essential to get Beijing to substantively address the issues being raised by Tibetans,\" the CTA said, referring to the statement issued by the Human Rights Watch.The CTA said the US government expressed its resolve to urge the Chinese government to address policies in Tibetan areas that have created tensions, threatening the distinct religious, cultural and linguistic identity of the Tibetan people.\"We remain concerned about rising tensions that result from counter-productive policies, including those that limit freedom of religion, freedom of expression, freedom of assembly and association in Tibet. We are also disturbed by reports of violence between police and student protesters that left 20 students injured after a protest earlier this week by approximately 1,000 Tibetan medical students in Qinghai province. The students were protesting a government-issued booklet which derided the Tibetan language, the Dalai Lama and self-immolators,\" the CTA said, referring to a statement by state department spokesperson Victoria Nuland.The CTA reported Nuland saying that assistant secretary Mike Posner met relatives of Tibetans who recently self-immolated to express condolences and concern for spiraling violence and the harsh crackdown in Tibetan areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17461665", "title": "Karan Kundra enjoys 'The Serial'", "text": "As Arjun in Kitani Mohabbat Hai, this Punjabi guy won hearts of many girls. He was approached by Ekta Kapoor through a social networking site and since then, there's no looking back in this glam industry for Karan Kundra.For someone who was (and still is) a businessman, life took a twist when he decided to take up acting. Karan has come a long way in four years by doing his bit and part not only in soaps, but in dance-based shows as well as Punjabi films too!And currently, he is part of two shows on Channel V \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Gumraah - End Of Innocence and The Serial . Everyone has admired him in Gumraah as an anchor and narrator but now, it is something new that has come to his career as an actor, The Serial where he is playing himself. And as he puts it, \"Nothing can be as difficult as being yourself for a show. It is neither anchoring, nor interview \u00e2\u20ac\u201d there's no script, no tracks \u00e2\u20ac\u201d absolutely nothing. It is too tough for anyone to do that.\" He goes adding, \"For initial days, it was difficult and annoying to have cameras following you all the time \u00e2\u20ac\u201d whatever you are doing and wherever you go. But now, I've adjusted to this change and enjoying it a lot. It is a new and interesting experience for me as a person.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17458689", "title": "Admission services institute told to pay up", "text": "CHANDIGARH: He does not use colour, sketch pens or canvas to portray life-like surroundings, pieces from history or telling a story. All he needs is a white sheet of paper with yellow bulbs beneath it, dust/dirt and a projector. As he throws dust on to the paper, different images are projected on to a screen, creating a whole new story in front of you. All he uses in his dexterous work is his little finger, thumb and sometimes other fingers too.As Kainthrisa, 30, expresses his thoughts in the form of immaculate pieces of art on a full-scale screen, the audience is left spellbound. A self-taught artist, his unique handiwork, drew a huge applause from awe-struck spectators at the Indian School of Business (ISB). And it was his artwork, that clearly stole the limelight at the inauguration of ISB's Mohali campus here on Sunday afternoon.The artist, who proudly introduced himself as an experimental artist, had especially flown from Hyderabad to Chandigarh to give a perfect start to Sunday's function here at the over 70-acre area campus of ISB. He explained the journey of ISB and many episodes from history in his lucid artform.\"I have not learnt this art from anybody. It is my brainchild that emerged around one and a half years ago. I work spontaneously. Like today I was told to make the portrait of late Prime Minister I K Gujral. I looked at his photograph just once and then made it in the next five minutes,\" Kainthrisa told TOI.He added, \"I am a very good observer and a keen listener. I look at everything surrounding me with an artist's eye. On seeing things, I start experimenting with different possibilities in my mind and that is what helped me to bring out an exclusive artform. Today also, ISB people explained everything to me and then I improvised it in the form of an over 10-minute art show, showcasing the history of ISB.\" Notwithstanding the appreciation that Kainthrisa gets, he is set to quit this artform. \"I have done enough experiments with this artform. Now it is time to move ahead and try something new. Very soon I would leave it as I have something new and mind-blowing in mind that I would introduce soon,\" he smiled.Kainthrisa won many fans with his 10-minute show at ISB. After the function, both students and guests were seen enthusiastically interacting with him and getting their photographs clicked with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457768", "title": "UN to observe road safety week in May", "text": "NEW DELHI: Walking, the best known exercise, has become one of the most \"dangerous\" modes for mobility, if global and India figures for road fatalities are anything to go by. Trends show that at least one-tenth of road crash victims in India are pedestrians and in a city like Delhi, their share is over 40%.\"All over the world, the indications are very bad. While going ahead with our urbanization plans, we did not provide enough facilities for pedestrians despite knowing how healthy it is to walk. So, United Nations has declared a road safety week in May and it would be observed as 'zero pedestrian fatality week' focused to promote walking and sensitizing governments to invest in pedestrian facilities across the world,\" Dr Etienne Krug, director of violence and injury prevention wing of World Health Organization , said.The week will be observed from May 6 to 12. Krug said there would be activities across the world including 100 walks on Capitol Hill in Washington, major events in the European Union and Abu Dhabi. \"We are also planning similar walks in India. All international bodies including World Bank and EU have extended their support to make roads safe for pedestrians,\" Krug said.10% victims are pedestriansIn India, 12,867 pedestrians got killed in 2011 in road crashes and another 6,824 cyclists died on roads. In case of Delhi, 690 pedestrians were killed among 1,571 total deaths till November 15. Delhi has fared well in comparison to last year when pedestrian deaths were 856 during the same period.Meanwhile, Bangalore traffic police have taken a novel step recommending cancellation of licence of 1,900 bikers who were found riding motorcycles on footpaths during peak hours. \"This is a very good example and can be replicated by different city police. In most cases, either cities don't have adequate pedestrian facility or these stretches are taken over by motorists. So, pedestrians are deprived of the facility,\" said Rohit Baluja, a road safety expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17458667", "title": "Mutts have served society better than politicians: Sri Sri", "text": "BELGAUM: Spending time with persons from different walks of life and social strata will mould one's personality said Sri Sri Ravishankar of the Art of Living.Speaking during the Guruvandana programme of Sri Murugharajendra Swami of Jidaga Mugalkod organized by Yallaling Swami of the Bruhanmath at the district Balbhavan here on Sunday, Ravishankar said, \"If people spend a day with farmers in agriculture fields, with prisoners in jail, with patients in hospital and students in school, they can understand the society better. Apart from this, spending time in ashram by doing mediation will definitely keep people in good health.\"The seer also lauded the contribution of mutts to the society. \"Mutts have done to the society more than what politicians have done,\" he said. Three former chief ministers Dharam Singh, HD Kumaraswamy and BS Yeddyurappa were also part of Guruvandana programme. Dharam Singh who spoke on the occasion said, \"Mugalkod mutt is a different mutt. It is a secular mutt, not restricted to any particular caste.\"Former CMs HD Kumaraswamy and BS Yeddyurappa and former minister Sriramulu too lauded the contribution of mutts towards the welfare of the society.On the occasion Ravishankar was honoured with Siddashri award. The award comprises Rs one lakh, gold medal and a silver crown.Sri Sri Ravishankar also took part in the mass marriage of 101 couples and inauguration of central of building of the mutt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17458558", "title": "Girl dies in wall collapse", "text": "MADURAI: A nine-year-old girl met a tragic end in Madurai on Sunday when the wall of an under construction house caved in. Two other children suffered severe injuries in the wall collapse and were admitted to the government hospital.Police said that one Ramar of Panangadi Ayyanarpuram village near Melur was constructing the house under the Indira Awaz Yojana in his village. \"He had raised the walls and was about to lay concrete roofing. He had erected wooden poles to support the planks over which the concrete was to be laid. Three children from the locality had tied ropes to the poles and were using them as swings on Saturday evening,\" police said.The children aged nine, seven and four were playing on the makeshift swing, when the poles fell apart due to the pull of the ropes. In the impact, the wall of the house collapsed trapping the three children. Neighbours rushed there and pulled the children from the debris. The three suffered severe bleeding injuries and were rushed to the Government Rajaji Hospital.However, the nine-year-old girl succumbed to injuries on Sunday morning while the other two are being treated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17457006", "title": "40% cases of domestic violence are reported in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: In statistics that are disturbing and raise more questions than they offer insights, latest National Crime Records Bureau data shows that Tamil Nadu accounts for more than 40% of all domestic violence cases recorded in the country.The state recorded 3,983 cases of domestic violence in 2011 of the total of 9,431 cases from across the country, women and child development minister Krishna Tirath said in the Lok Sabha.Gujarat is a close second with 3,266 cases in 2011, and West Bengal is third (1,661). Tamil Nadu's crime records bureau has also listed a 15.4% increase in cruelty against women by husbands and relatives, with over 1,812 cases recorded under the category last year.Officials and activists are divided about the reasons for the high figures. \"We have better awareness about the law in TN,\" a police official said. \"With an increase in education and awareness, more women are registering complaints. This should be seen as a good sign, that more women are waking up to their rights.\" All India Democratic Women's Association (AIDWA) national secretary U Vasuki agrees with this, and blames rapid industrialisation for the rise in domestic violence.\"Due to the rapid pace of industrialisation, more people from rural areas are migrating to urban areas in search of jobs,\" she said. \"They live in squalid conditions once they reach cities, without proper housing or basic amenities,\" she said. \"Working long hours in unorganised sectors creates frustration that in many cases leads to alcohol abuse and domestic violence.\"\"These families lack a domestic support system, making the situation worse,\" Vasuki said. \"Alcoholism is a major cause of violence against women. Liquor brings the government a huge revenues, so the state is not making any effort to discourage its consumption.\"Advocate Ajeetha B S, who deals with women's issues, said domestic violence appears to be more prevalent in the southern districts. \"There are more incidents in districts like Kanyakumari and Nagercoil,\" she said. \"One reason is that grooms expect a large amount of dowry.\"She said authorities lack awareness. \"There is a certain lack of sensitivity at all levels,\" she said. \"In a recent case, a woman was beaten up by her brother, a government official, for not agreeing to marry a man of his choice. The police tried to dissuade her from registering a complaint, telling her it could lead to her brother losing his job.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457230", "title": "Cop kills self, blames woman and her son", "text": "NEW DELHI: A head constable of Delhi Police allegedly committed suicide by shooting himself with his service revolver inside the Kanjhawala police station in Outer district on Sunday.Cops recovered a suicide note from his pocket in which he had allegedly blamed a woman and her son as the reason behind his extreme step. \"They are being questioned and a case of abetment to suicide has been registered,\" a senior police officer said.Tejpal (49), from Jhajjar in Haryana, joined the force in 1984 and is survived by two sons and a daughter. He had been transferred to the Kanjhawala police station in June this year and was on emergency duty these days, a senior police officer said.The incident came to light at 3.15pm when a colleague went to Tejpal's room to check on him after he did not respond to the duty officer's call. He was found lying in a pool of blood and was declared brought dead at hospital. He had had returned after investigating a PCR call around 3pm, witnesses said. Fifteen minutes later, he shot himself.\"Tejpal's family members have been informe,\" an officer said. \"We did not know that he had been living under depression,\" said a police officer posted at the same police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17459258", "title": "Security guard found dead in godown", "text": "KANNUR: The body of a security guard was found under mysterious circumstances in the scrap godown of a shop at Kandikkal near Eranholi Bridge under the Thalassery police limits on Sunday morning.The body of the victim, identified as Raghavan (68) of Mambaram-Pinarayi, was found by some migrant labourers who came to the godown for work in the morning at around 7.30am, and they immediately informed the police. His throat was slit open.According to the owner of the godown, Muhammed Rafeek, Raghavan was working in the godown for the last four years and on Saturday night at around 10pm, he had called Raghavan over telephone.Police is questioning many labourers, including north Indian migrants and Keralites, working in the godown.Senior police officers including districts police chief Rahul R Nair visited the site. A dog squad and finger print experts also examined the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457822", "title": "Spl services fail to tide over blocks", "text": "MUMBAI: Passengers were inconvenienced due to megablocks on Western Railway (WR), Harbour line and Central Railway (CR) on Sunday.Commuters from Navi Mumbai had to take a detour or travel by road to Mumbai as services between Mankhurd and Kurla were suspended from 11am to 3pm.\"We ran special trains from Panvel to Makhurd and between Kurla and CST during the block period,\" said CR public relations officer A K Singh.\"We announce the rail blocks well in advance and passengers are requested to bear with the administration for the inconvenience caused,\" he added. On WR, services were suspended between Mahim Junction and Marine Lines from 10.35am to 3.35pm on the Up (slow corridor) line. According to a source, the rail block also led to some of the suburban train services being cancelled on Sunday.On CR, there was a megablock on the Down slow line between Matunga and Mulund stations. Trains on the Down line did not halt at Vidyavihar, Kanjurmarg and Nahur stations from 11.05am to 3.34pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17458407", "title": "Robbery at senior citizen\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s house", "text": "HYDERABAD: Robbers threatened a senior citizen with knives at his house in Bandlaguda and escaped with Rs 10 lakh worth property on Sunday.Three robbers gained entry into the house of 69-year-old Mohammed Shafeeq in Bandlaguda on Sunday, seeking an address. When the incident happened, Shafeeq was alone at home as other family members went to attend a function.Immediately after Shafeeq opened the door, the robbers forced their way inside and threatened Shafeeq with knives. They even manhandled Shafeeq. Fearing for his life, the senior citizen cooperated with the robbers and gave away 12 tolas of gold, 18 tolas of silver and Rs 4 lakh cash kept in the almairah, Chandrayangutta SI K Shanmugam said.After committing the robbery, the trio locked Shafeeq in a room and left the place. The incident came to light when Shafeeq's family members returned home at about 6pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17458720", "title": "Raw deal for city's physically challenged", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city may boast of being one of the most developed and citizen friendly cities in the country, but on ground, it has only become unfriendly for people with disabilities. With no platforms set up at many of its important buildings, no special access at community parks or on roads, the city makes it a tough task for disabled people to commute.Many complain that Chandigarh, earlier, had wide footpaths, where disabled people could be taken on a wheel chair, but such open spaces are no longer seen, particularly in the internal areas of various sectors.\"Recently, administration officials dismantled the footpaths in my area for widening the roads in my sector. It hasn't served the purpose as people have started parking vehicles in that widened space, but we are forced to take our wheel chair on the road, with people driving around rashly all the time,\" said Sector 21 resident Harman Singh Sidhu, who is most of the times confined to his wheel chair.He rued that even the buildings of Chandigarh administration do not offer a smooth ride to the disabled people. \"Though we have a lift in the administrator's office in Sector 9, but one has no option but climb stairs to reach his office. A similar problem persists at the municipal corporation office in Sector 17,\" he pointed out. Some of people with disabilities find even the community parks unfriendly for them.Chandigarh may boast of being one of the most developed and citizen friendly cities in the country, but on ground, it has only become unfriendly for people with disabilities.With no platforms set up at many of its important buildings, no special access at community parks or on roads, the city makes it a tough task for a disabled people to commute.\"In our sector's park, there is no arrangement to take a wheelchair inside. Some area residents had to resort to illegally breaking a wall to make away for wheelchairs,\" said Sakshi Bhasin, a BA student from Sector 26. Besides, several offices of Punjab and Haryana governments located on the first or second floors of showrooms on the Madhya Marg and in Sector 17, do not have any provision of easy access for disabled people.\"I usually have to visit the state information commission office in Sector 8. First of all, there is no lift in the building and secondly, even the stairs are so narrow that one can't even lift the wheelchair and carry it upstairs,\" said Sector 40 resident Sushil Verma, who faces difficulty in mobility due to a problem with his right leg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17457882", "title": "Patna University Students' Union poll campaign goes hi-tech", "text": "PATNA: The campaigning for Patna University Students' Union (PUSU) election, scheduled for December 11, has gone hi-tech because of the ceiling imposed on the election expenses to be incurred by individual candidates. Students' organizations as well as individual candidates are making full use of the internet and mobile phones to reach over 18,000 voters of different PU colleges and postgraduate departments.The All India Students' Federation (AISF) has already launched campaign for its candidates through Facebook and the internet. A separate page for the AISF displays the list of its candidates contesting the election for different PU posts with an appeal to the \"friends\" to vote for them.Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), All India Students' Association (AISA), National Students Union of India (NSUI) and other organizations are also working overtime to reach the maximum number of voters over telephone. They are using emails, Facebook, SMSs and telephones to make an impression on the voters.The SMSs, drafted specially for the election campaign, are also doing the rounds. \"Majority of the students carry mobile phones and SMSs are the best way of personal contact for electioneering,\" said an aspirant for the post of president.\"We do try to meet each voter personally but when it is not possible we contact them over telephone. SMSs, Facebook and other social networking sites help us reach a large number of students spread in a large area,\" said an AISF leader.However, several other candidates are still banking on their personal contacts with the voters and adopting the traditional campaigning methods only. They are moving from one institution to another, meeting their voters personally. Besides, student organizations are holding meetings in different colleges releasing their election manifesto and appealing for votes. Since the use of printed posters and banners as well as loudspeakers has been banned during campaigning, they are affixing handwritten posters at different places on the campus.Meanwhile, the PU election committee is also contemplating to organize an open house debate for all the presidential candidates on the pattern of US presidential election. Each candidate would be allowed to share his/her views and plans with the electorate at a meeting to be held at the venue yet to be fixed. However, the candidates would have to submit a brief outline of their speech beforehand, said committee convener U K Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17456938", "title": "Doctors' absenteeism ails health department, patients", "text": "LUCKNOW: Absenteeism by doctors in the recent past has undoubtedly affected health services. In the last two days, the health department got two cases of doctors not staying for their duty, while as many as six doctors did not report for duty.On Sunday Ahmed Hasan, minister of health and family welfare suspended four doctors, while conducting a surprise inspection in Kanpur.The minister on Saturday had issued suspension orders for two doctors, who were found missing during duty at Bhavrao Devras Hospital (Mahanagar Civil). Taking lessons from the minister, chief medical officer, Dr SNS Yadav conducted surprise inspections in rural areas of the state capital.He also found that four doctors were not present in the health facility despite the obligation of their duty. Three of these doctors were posted at Kakori, Maal and Itaunja block community health centres, while the fourth is posted at the Red Cross Hospital opposite Kaiserbagh Bus Station. The CMO has issued a showcause notice to all the four doctors and have asked them to furnish a response as to 'why they were not present for duty?'Health activists have pointed out that absence of doctors can be a nightmare for many patients and it could be fatal for expectant mothers. \"There is already a huge shortage of doctors in the government health set up and absenteeism adds to the misery,\" said Madhu Garg, general secretary, All India Democratic Women's Association. She added that if this is the scene in Lucknow, the scenario in other districts would surely be worse.Against a total number of 2,060 specialists needed at community health centres, around 1,256 are available. Then, 3,692 doctors are needed at the primary health centres, but only 2,861 are available. Adding to the shortage of doctors is the availability of few people in the para-medical and support staff category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17461701", "title": "DAVV officers threaten to go on strike", "text": "INDORE: Demanding revised pay scale from the state government, the officers of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya(DAVV) have threatened to go on a strike next week.Officers of state university service association have declared to go on strike from December 11, while token protest will start from December 5. One of the senior administrative officer of the varsity said, \"Our pay scale is much less as compared to other administrative officials appointed by MPPSC. We will lodge token protest from December 5 which will result into a full fledged strike from December 11 if our demands are not accepted.\"According to the officers' association that officers in the university and administration are same in cadre and appointed by the same body but their pay scale and other incentives are not same. Sources said that due to this disparity the university officers do not get promoted for years. \"The administrative officers are sent on deputation in the university. This way university officers waiting for promotion rarely get promoted,\" claimed sources.The officers' association is a group of varsity officers of the registrar cadre including the assistant and deputy registrars of all state universities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17457089", "title": "Elderly couple killed by burglars in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: An elderly couple was murdered and about 10 sovereigns of gold jewellery stolen from their house in Pazhaverkadu on Saturday night.Police said it was a murder for money, but the exact value of the property stolen is yet to be ascertained. The only valuables reported missing so far is the jewellery the woman was wearing.The couple has been identified as 72-year-old Kamaluddin and 60-year-old Rehmath Nazia. Kamaluddin was found dead with injuries to his head and neck. Rehmath Nazia had injuries on her neck.Police said the incident came to light when a relative visited the house on Sunday. When there was no response to his knocking, he opened door and found the couple dead near the bed.Police said they are waiting for the postmortem report, which could shed more light on the brutal double murder.The couple had been living in the house for 40 years. They had three children. Kamaluddin owned a grocery shop, which he sold a couple of years ago. Their son works abroad, while their two daughters are married and live in Chennai.Neighbours last saw the couple on Saturday evening. \"They were very nice and never troubled anyone,\" they said. \"We did not hear any noise or sense any trouble,\" said another neighbour. \"The couple did not have much cash or valuables in the house. The woman wore two chains, which are missing. We are trying to find out whether there could have been another motive,\" said deputy superintendent of police Jagadeeswaran.The almirah in the bedroom was not disturbed. The killers had not touched the Rs 400 in cash that was lying near the bed, he said. The couple owned the single-floor house, which was simply furnished. Police have set up three teams to crack the case. \"We are investigating the case from all possible angles,\" said Jagadeeswaran. Fingerprint experts and sniffer dogs visited the spot and collected evidence. Thirupalaivanam police have registered a case and are looking for the murderers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17461815", "title": "Aayushmann all set to work again with John Abraham", "text": "After making a debut in the actor's first production banner, Vicky Donor, Ayushman Khurana is all set to work with John Abraham once again.The details, however, are being kept underwraps. \"The subject of Vicky Donor was different. The plot of the new venture is hatke too,\" said a source.Meanwhile John is taking care that Aayushman makes the right career moves. \"John is personally taking interest in Aayushman's career and makes sure that he signs the right projects and does the right work. John treats Aayushman like a brother and does not want him to lose out that is worth his salt.Aayushman discusses potential offers with John. The budding actor knows that he can depend on John for advise considering his experience,\" said our source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17459188", "title": "10 unauthorized boat jetties to be demolished", "text": "KOCHI: A team consisting of Hibi Eden MLA, Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) chairman N Venugopal and district collector P I Sheik Pareeth inspected unauthorized boat jetties on Marine Drive and decided to demolish 10 of them on Sunday. The decision was taken after inspecting 14 boat jetties, operating between Taj Gateway and KINCO boat jetty, on the walkway.The inspection began at 9am on Sunday. The team checked each landing stage and asked the officials to remove the wooden stubs of now defunct jetties.\"We will soon announce the dates for carrying out demolition. A new master plan will be drafted in consultation with the district administration, GCDA, Kerala ports authority, tourism department, irrigation department and other agencies involved in various activities in the area. We will redesign and renovate the existing permanent jetties and install hand railings to ensure the safety of travellers,\" said Pareeth.The collector said that there were about 150 tourist boats operating in the district. The District Tourism Promotion Council will take the initiative in regularising rates charged by these boats.GCDA has stated that there would be five permanent jetties on the Marine Drive stretch which would provide berthing facilities for 50 boats. \"Each jetty will have a facility to berth 10 boats. Unauthorized vessels will not be allowed to operate from the jetties. We will also ensure crew members on these boats have valid licence,\" said Venugopal.Both the GCDA chairman and the collector issued instructions to remove encroachments on the walkway near the Rainbow bridge.The team also inspected the stretch of the walkway between KINCO jetty and Goshree bridges. Hibi Eden promised assistance from the MLA fund to construct new jetties and to renovate existing structures. \"When we open the new stretch, private boats will be allowed to use these berths. The jetties will be aesthetically designed,\" he said.The team concluded the inspection by 11.30amIt has come to light that landing stages of many a temporary boat jetties at Marine Drive are unsafe and have to be demolished to avoid tourists from using these to embark on sightseeing tours. A team consisting of Hibi Eden MLA, Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) chairman N Venugopal and district collector P I Sheik Pareeth took the decision to demolish about 10 such unauthorised jetties. The decision was taken after inspecting the 14 boat jetties operating between Taj Gateway and KINCO boat jetty on the walkway.The inspection began at 9 am on Sunday. The team inspected each land stage and asked the officials to remove the stubs of now defunct jetties. \"We will soon announce the dates for carrying out demolition. A new master plan will be drafted in consultation district administration, GCDA, Kerala ports, tourism department, irrigation department and other agencies involved in various activities in the area. We will redesign and renovate the existing permanent jetties and install hand railings to ensure safety of travellers,\" he said. According to the collector there were about 150 tourist boats operating in the district. The district tourism promotion council will take the initiative to consolidate rates charged by these boats.GCDA has stated that there would be five permanent jetties on this stretch and would provide berthing facilities for 50 boats. \"Each jetty will have the facility to berth 10 boats. Moreover, no unauthorised vessel would be allowed to operate form the jetties. It will be ensured that the crew on these boats has valid licence,\" said Venugopal. Both the GCDA chairman and collector issued instructions to remove encroachments on the walkway near Rainbow bridge.The team also inspected the stretch of the walkway between KINCO jetty and Goshree bridges which is under construction. Hibi Eden promised assistance from MLA fund to construct new jetties and to renovate existing structures. \"As we open the new stretch some of private boats can use these berths. The designs of the jetties will be in tune with the panoramic view of the backwaters and sea,\" he said. The team concluded the inspection by 11.30 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17458305", "title": "Man accuses Khemka of abetting dad\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s suicide, files case", "text": "PANCHKULA: A youth has moved a district court in Haryana's Panchkula seeking direction to the police to file a case against senior Haryana IAS officer Ashok Khemka for abetting the suicide of his father.Jaswant Singh Poswal, a former clerk, had gone missing after Khemka fired him from the Haryana housing board in 2006. Till date, he has not been found nor his body recovered. Nitin Poswal, Jaswant's son, claims his father killed himself after he was sacked by Khemka.Nitin alleged that Khemka harassed Jaswant after he opposed his style of functioning.When contacted, Khemka refused to comment on the allegations. The court will hear the case on January 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17457427", "title": "Spending habits to be monitored", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A few months ago, the officials of Sri Chitra Home were taken aback by a shocking discovery. They came to know that some of the inmates owned mobile phones, which was strictly banned inside the campus.The officials in a raid seized 12 mobile phones from the rooms of inmates. All the mobile phones belonged to the girls who did part-time jobs. \"Mobile phones are not allowed here. We looked into the matter after we got some hints as to how it was being misused within the campus,\" said Rajendran Nair, ward councillor and a member of the governing council of the poor home.In the wake of the recent turn of events, the officials have now decided to monitor the use of money earned by the inmates. A joint account will be opened in the name of earning inmates and the superintendent of the poor home. \"We are doing this for their financial security. Earlier they would misuse the money they earned and we thought this would be a good option. Once the account is opened, we can assure enough savings for our inmates which they can use in future,\" said superintendent of the poor home Aleyamma Varghese.The officials have also put forward an option for the grown-up inmates. If any good marriage proposals come by, the girls above 20 will be married off. In case they show unwillingness, they shall be shifted to the Mahila Mandiram in Poojapura. Now that some of the inmates have started earning, the poor home authorities are also planning to return them to their parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17456385", "title": "Direct CBI to present status report on Anderson's extradition: Jabbar", "text": "BHOPAL: Bhopal Gas Peedit Mahila Udhyog Sangathan convener Abdul Jabbar has urged the chief judicial magistrate in Bhopal to direct the CBI to present a status report on the extradition of Warren Anderson, the then chief of the Union Carbide at the time of Bhopal gas tragedy.In an application filed in the CJM court, Jabbar and N D Jai Prakash of Bhopal Gas Peedit Sangharsh Sahyog Samiti requested the court to direct the CBI to explain reasons for the undue delay in ensuring Anderson's presence in the court.The application also requested the court to send fresh summons to the Dow Chemicals after the high court vacated a stay on the CJM court order to send summons to the Dow that had taken over the UCC. The summon was issued after the representatives of the victims had prayed the court to summon the Dow representative, which also has liabilities, after taking over the Carbide.On January 6, 2006, the CJM court had issued the notice to the Dow Chemical asking to appear in the court. However, the HC vacated on October 19 this year an earlier stay. Now, the activists said it has paved the way to issue fresh summons to the Dow.On the eve of the anniversary of the gas tragedy, Jabbar also met the chief minister raising the demands of the gas victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17459280", "title": "Valapattanam fort reduced to gate, steps", "text": "KANNUR: A fort that should have inspired those studying the history of Malabar, the Valapattanam Fort near here would be remembered, ironically, for its silent death over decades. What remains of the historic fort built over 700 years ago is a big stone gate and the stone steps at the entrance.\"These ruins are indicative of our negligent attitude towards history,\" said local historian and author Sathyan Edakkad, who works as a tourism policeman in Kannur Fort (Fort St Angelo). \"It is by sheer luck that at least this fort survives,\" he said.\"In my childhood I have heard that it was a big fort with huge walls, watch towers and army barracks built by Kolathiri Vallabha Perumal, and its reflection in Valappattanam river was a magnificent sight,\" he said.Though the fort had started deteriorating in the beginning of the 20th century itself, no sincere effort has been made to preserve it and the entire area was encroached by people. The only remains of the fort, the stone gate and the steps, are there because it is in the land belonging to the Kalarivathulkal temple, he said.\"It is a mystery that this gate withstood the ravages of time and the government should take efforts to preserve at least these remains and document its history. The fort witnessed many fights between the British rulers and local kings,\" said Sathyan. Even Tipu and Hyderali had attacked the fort.The local myth is that Kolathiri Vallabha Perumal spotted a Shivalinga here and built a temple there. Later the fort was built to protect the temple. However, in due course, it became the main hub of Kolathiri rulers who have a great role in the history of Kerala.When the national highway was built more than 40 years ago along this stretch bisecting the remains of the fort, that proved to be an example of how development destroys history. However, local history enthusiasts say a scientific excavation here could definitely unearth some unseen pieces of history.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17457185", "title": "Opposition to bring adjournment motion in assembly", "text": "RANCHI: Opposition parties have joined hands to corner the state government in the assembly on Monday by bringing an adjournment motion seeking high-level inquiry into the alleged violation of promises by Panem, a joint venture coal mining company of Punjab State Electricity Board (PSEB) and EMTA Group of Companies, to the villagers of Pachuawara in Pakur district.General secretary of JVM-P Pradeep Yadav said the party in consultation with other opposition parties, Congress and RJD, would introduce business adjournment motion and also seek special discussion on irregularities made by government officials to favour Panem.\"We have discussed the matter even with independent MLAs and they have assured us of supporting the stand in the house,\" said Yadav on Sunday.The agitation led by JVM-P chief Babulal Marandi , Congress leader Stephen Marandi, along with local villagers, brought mining to a halt. Owing to this, coal supply to three power plants in Punjab has been disrupted since the last 16 days.Alleging that government officials have done undue favours to Panem in 2004, at the time of allocation of 1600 acre of land for mining, Yadav said, \"At a time, when the state government gave land to the Coal India Limited at the rate of Rs 3.44 lakh per acre for mining in Godda, it offered around 1,600 acres to Panem in Pakur at just Rs 17,000 an acre. This led to a loss of at least Rs 100 crore to the exchequer.\"The two districts Godda and Pakur are neighbouring districts in Santhal Pargana division.Yadav also alleged that the state was losing the revenue of over Rs 125 crore per month owing to illegal mining of coal by Panem and all this was made possible because of the connivance between the company and government officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17457587", "title": "Gurgaon hosts its first-ever Sanskrit seminar", "text": "GURGAON: Just as it isn't easy to imagine a language's birth, it isn't easy to think of its death, even though we see it happen all the time. Most recently, we witnessed it in January 2010, when one of the oldest languages on earth - called Bo - became extinct, with the death of the last of its speakers in the Andaman Islands.The ancient Indian language Sanskrit might yet be far from such a grim denouement, but the fact remains that it is a language well past its prime, and one in need of serious academic support for its survival. And the national seminar on Sanskrit, organized in Gurgaon on Sunday, was, among other things, a show of support for the dying tongue.Organized jointly by the Haryana Sanskrit Academy and the State Council of Educational Research and Training (SCERT), the event was attended by around 80 Sanskrit scholars.\"Today, there are only five villages in the whole country where Sanskrit is spoken. In total, less than 50,000 people in the world are among those who speak the language. So it would be fair to say that the fate of this language depends how popular it gets,\" said Dr Shreyansh Dwivedi, a Sanskrit specialist with the SCERT.At the seminar, some 20 research papers on the language - and Sanskrit's involvement in the domestic and public spheres - were presented. And according to Dwivedi, such a forum will become a regular feature in Gurgaon's event calendar in the coming years. \"This was the first time that a national seminar on Sanskrit was held here. And the academy has committed that it will sponsor similar gatherings in future,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17457874", "title": "Police raid PU hostels, seize gunpowder", "text": "PATNA: Patna police on Sunday conducted raids on five college hostels of Patna University and recovered gunpowder and other materials used in making bombs.The raids were conducted following the violence on the Patna University campus on the last day of filing of nomination papers on Saturday for Patna University Students' Union (PUSU) election.A large number of police personnel, led by SP (city) Jayant Kant, carried out search operation for four hours on the hostel premises. Each room of the Saidpur hostels, Patel hostel, Law College hostel, and hostels of Patna College and B N College were thoroughly searched.\"Though no firearms were found in the hostel rooms, a huge amount of bomb-making materials, including gunpowder, hockey sticks and lathis were seized,\" the city SP said.\"Police have so far lodged FIR against six students with the Pirbahore police station in connection with violence on the university campus on December 1,\" he said. The six named accused were identified as Ranjit, Sudama, Krishna, Roshan, Bhushan and Anil.The city SP said, \"All the persons involved in the violence are students of the university and none of them was an outsider. Police patrolling on the university campus has been intensified and a large number of police personnel have been deployed to prevent any untoward incident.\"However, students of the hostels were definitely not happy with the police raid. \"All the entry and exit gates were sealed by the police personnel. From 5am to 9am, we were forced to stay in our respective rooms. They did not even allow the students to leave the hostel premises even after submission of their identity cards. The persons involved in the violence were outsiders,\" claimed Nitish Kumar , a boarder of Jackson hostel on Patna University campus.The police team comprised ASP, Patna City, DSP (Town), DSP (Kotwali), SDPO (Sadar) and several SHOs of local police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17462206", "title": "Prasanna on a rehearsal mode", "text": "Prasanna, who is all set to play the lead in the film Kalyana Samayal Sadham will be busy rehearsing for the film, along with his co-stars starting this month. Soon after the rehearsal and the pre-production, the shoot for the film will commence.Once the rehearsal and other pre-production works are completed, the film's shoot will begin in January next year and will be completed at one shot. VJ-turned-actress Lekha Washington, who made her debut in Jayam Kondaan along with Vinay Rai and Bhavana and also acted in Va Quarter Cuttin g fame, will play the female lead. The film is said to be a comic caper.The film will be produced by Arun Vaidyanathan (who made the Prasanna-Sneha starrer Achamundu Achamundu that won rave reviews) will be directed by a debutant called Prasanna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17458267", "title": "Kham tamam!", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17456599", "title": "Groping in the dark", "text": "Every day, Karthik Inductions, a leading steel unit at the Kundaim industrial estate, takes a five-hour break. It is forced to. The estate faces load-shedding everyday from 6pm to 11pm.When asked, the company's personnel offer a perspective beyond their own hardships. \"The power cut which affects our production inversely affects the state's coffers,\" says A K Srivastava, general manager (works), Karthik Inductions. \"The electricity department ends up losing huge power charges (via billing) because, at the end of the day, steel factories are the biggest consumers of power in the state.\"The plant operates in three shifts and consumes about 80,000 units of power per day to run two furnaces that produce temperatures of 1,600 degree Celsius each to make iron waste raw material into molten steel.For the six pharmaceutical companies at the estate the issue is \"dangerous\". \"Frequent interruptions in power supply create havoc,\" says Mahesh Samant, HR manager, Cadila Healthcare Ltd . He explains that even a 2-3 minute interruption in power supply can spoil a full batch (during production) and results in losses of about 5-10 lakh.\"This is because once the raw material is inserted in the machine it cannot be removed till it comes out as a final product in a wrapper,\" says Samant.Trupita Madkaikar, general manager, Savarna Surfactant, says the frequent power fluctuations add to the company's overall costs, as electrical equipment is left damaged.\"Ours is a food emulsifier producing unit and we need to use Insect-O-Cutors (insect light traps) to kill the insects that come into the plant because of the emulsifier odour. The tubes used in the traps are very sensitive to voltages and the power fluctuations leave them damaged. The government has to supply uninterrupted power at least during the day.\"It's a point that Benigno Alphonso, president of the Goa small industries association and who owns a unit at the Kundaim industrial estate, says the government has been made aware of.The estate is home to units producing everything from safety pins and ball pen tips to 100-kg MS Ingots, from small letter pads to man-size corrugated boxes, milk products to medicines, gobar gas products to ready-mix concrete and paints, and small plastic containers to heavy-duty hydraulic machines.\"Several units are facing acute problems due to the power problems. We have asked the government to at least upgrade some of the transformers and the government has assured to do this soon,\" says Alphonso.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17459111", "title": "Mystery shrouds death of Ritwik Ghatak's granddaughter", "text": "KOLKATA: Legendary film-maker Ritwik Ghatak's granddaughter Aditi Ghatak (19), who had met with an accident on November 30, succumbed to her injuries on Sunday afternoon. However, the mother of the deceased suspected a foul play and lodged a murder complaint with the Tiljala Police. It may be noted that the car, in which Aditi was travelling on November 30, fell into a canal near Sonarpur. after her death, her mother, the eldest daughter of Ritwik Ghatak, Sanghita lodged a complaint with Tiljala police station that her daughter was killed.So far, there has not been any corroboration between the complaint and the investigation.Sources said that police have found some missing links in the series of events.Aditi, a first year English Honours student of South Calcutta Girls' College, was supposed to meet one of her friends at 4pm last Thursday. But she did not go out. \"At around 6pm, she received a call from her friend Gyanjit Pattar asking her to meet at a coffee shop near Lake Gardens. Accordingly, she left the New Alipore LIC housing residence, which belonged to her grandmother Surama Ghatak,\" said sources.According to the preliminary probe, she went to the coffee shopCafe Bindaas at Lake Gardens to meet Gyanjit and soon two more girls known to Gyanjit, later identified as Alisha and Taniya, joined them. All four then left in a WagonR car, which belonged to Gyanjit's father. Gyanjit is a Class XI student of a renowned school in the city.The probe revealed that the car, which crossed Ruby Hospital at around 8pm, tripped into the canal at Goalbati area in Kheyada at around 8.30pm. The are falls under Sonarpur police station.According to statements of Alisha and Taniya, recorded by the police, Gyanjit was talking over phone while driving. Suddenly, he lost control and the car fell into the canal.Gyanjit was the first to come out of the car. He raised an alarm, but none came to his help as the area was deserted. Gyanjit then rescued Alisha and Taniya. Then he retrieved Aditi, who was on the other side of the car. By the time he rescued Aditi, the water of the canal had started flowing into the car.The three then took Aditi to Ruby Hospital. From there they called Sanghita, the victim's mother and left in a hurry. Aditi was later taken to the intensive care unit (ICU). She died at the hospital around 12.40pm on Sunday. They felt that Aditi's condition was not well. Aditi's condition did not improve and finally on Sunday at around 12.40 p.m. she succumbed to her injuries.Urban development minister and MLA from Chetla, Firhad Hakim, also reached the hospital to console Aditi's mother.The hospital's senior manager (operations) Subhasish Dutta said, \"When Aditi's friends brought her to the hospital, all were drenched. They were also smelling of alcohol. two girls and a boy brought unconscious Aditi to the hospital, all were drenched. I could smell alcohol in their mouth.In fact, the doctors later found muddy water in Aditi's stomach.\" After receiving information from the hospital sources, officials from Sonarpur police station reached the accident spot and retrieved the car, which was later seized by the police.After the death, Sanghita raised question over the death.\"It's a case of attempt to murder. Otherwise, why did they come back from the hospital?leaving behind Aditi in the car.They did not even inform me. My daughter might have been drugged. She never went out of home without informing the family members.\" But on Friday, we were in dark on where she went who she met.\"Alisha and Taniya said that they went to meet Gyanjit at the Lake Gardens coffee shop to download some songs. Later, they decided to go for a drive. After some times, they just wanted to have a trip around. So they went to Goalbati area without much plan.Tiljala Police has conducted several raids on Gyanjit's Kasba house since December 1, but his house is under lock and key. Gyanjit's mobile is also switched off. Investigators are yet to confirm where they were heading on that fateful evening. Police are also probing where the consumed alcohol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17458289", "title": "House nod to SC/ST sub-plan", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh Assembly on Sunday approved the bill giving statutory status to the SC/ST sub-plan after a TDP resolution to amend a clause of the bill was defeated in the House. The Andhra Pradesh Scheduled Castes and Tribes sub-plan (planning allocation and utilisation of financial resources) Bill, 2012, moved by chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy was passed by the House on Sunday after Speaker Nadendla Manohar rejected the demand to put the bill to voting.After the passage of the bill, the House was adjourned sine die.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457377", "title": "17-year-old girl kills self a day after birthday", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 17-year-old girl allegedly committed suicide by jumping off the building where she was staying in Janakpuri area of west Delhi on Sunday evening. She had celebrated her birthday on Saturday, police said.Cops have not recovered any suicide note from the spot and are probing the matter to ascertain the reason behind her extreme step. Police said the girl's brothers have alleged foul play. They told police that they did not find any blood at the spot.The girl was preparing for her MBBS examination and had joined a coaching institute in the capital. Police said the girl's two brothers had attended her birthday party and took her out shopping on Sunday. The incident occurred after they had left for their home this evening.The girl was spotted while falling down by two girls on the first floor and later by a passerby who informed police and rushed her to the hospital but she was declared brought dead.The police said they were going through her call records. The statement of her family member will also be taken. Her brothers are being questioned to ascertain if she was depressed over something.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17460412", "title": "Shaad film waits for Ram Leela", "text": "While he hasn't directed a film since Jhoom Baraabar Jhoom (2007), Shaad Ali will have to wait some more before he starts his next project Kill Dill starring Ranveer Singh and Deepika Padukone .  Reason being both actors are currently busy with Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Ram Leela and Shaad, who is a huge fan of Bhansali's work and who wants to cast both Ranveer and Deepika in his film, has no qualms about waiting for Ram Leela to get over before he starts work on his next. Asource close to the film said, \"Having decided on his pal Ranveer for the film, Shaad thought he would start his film by January 2013 by sharing Ranveer's dates with Bhansali. But now Shaad also wants his other pal Deepika in the film. That means both artistes have to be free of their commitment to Bhansali's Ram Leela before plunging into Shaad's Kill Dill .\" Apparently, Shaad rang up Bhansali to discuss the dates issue and it was mutually agreed Shaad would wait for Ram Leela to get over. \"It's not just about dates, Ranveer also needs to look different for Shaad's film. In Ram Leela, he sports a moustache and beard. In Kill Dill , he needs to be clean-shaven,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17461949", "title": "Sonakshi Sinha prefers losing ad over weight", "text": "Bollywood actress Sonakshi Sinha made it to the headlines once again and this time for backing out of an endorsement deal with a clothing brand due to the weight issues.The actress has been the face of renowned brand Provogue for sometime and for the latest ad campaign, the makers have asked her to cut down the extra flab as per the requirements. However, Sonakshi refused to do so and instead decided not to renew the contract which ended recently. \"She is no more the brand ambassador as she has decided not to renew it\" confirmed her spokesperson Bunty Sajdeh.Film circles and the people in the Ad world were shocked with the development, any actress hasn't done something like this in the recent past. Sonakshi over-weight seems to be a problem not just for herself, but many others.As the makers need an actress who has a well toned body, speculations are ripe that Deepika Padukone would replace Sonakshi in the ad campaign. This ad will also feature Hrithik Roshan who is Provogue brand ambassador since few years.Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17457403", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcKnow Your Army\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 returns to Kerala after 4 years", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Know Your Army (KYA) Mela is returning to Kerala after a four-year hiatus on December 8 at Colachal Stadium, Pangode. The two-day exhibition is being held to generate awareness about the Army and bolster interest among youngsters for a career in the country's Defence Force.Defence minister A K Antony will inaugurate the mela on December 8 with a weapons and equipment display that includes an array of heavy machine guns and tanks that the public can view and hop on.At 2pm, 100 war widows will be felicitated with gifts and cash awards. The state government, too, has contributed Rs 5 lakh towards this, besides providing seating arrangement for the public, said an Army source.The Army will give away around nine mobility scooters for wounded war veterans on the occasion. Other attractions at the mela will include a motorcycle display by Army Dare Devils, Special Forces Operations, sky diving by commandos from Agra, a dog show from the Remount and Veterinary Corps (RVC) Centre and School, Meerut. The Army Service Corps, Bengaluru, will put up an equestrian show, followed by Kalaripayattu and a concert by the Army band.Besides a display of military hardware, information kiosks for recruitment into the Indian Army and welfare of ex-Army personnel and widows will also be part of the KYA Mela. \"Ex-servicemen can approach these kiosks to redress their grievances,\" said the Army officer. The Coast Guard and BrahMos are also setting up stalls to exhibit their capabilities.Chief minister Oommen Chandy, minister of state for human resources and development and MP Shashi Tharoor, Lieutenant General AK Singh, General Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Southern Command, and senior officers from the Indian Army are expected to attend the inauguration.The mela, which will conclude on December 9, do not require entry passes and will be open till 5:30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17458736", "title": "Manikarnika kund still covered with deposition of silt and mud", "text": "VARANASI: Even after the extensive silt removal drive of Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) in view of the recent Dev Deepawali festival, the mythological Manikarnika kund is lying caked in alluvial deposits leaving no space for the devotees coming from across the world to worship at the Manikarnika kund, which is one of the most important shrines of Hindus.The holy pond situated at the prominent Manikarnika ghat is still covered with heavy deposition of silt, slippery mud and soil brought by the flood hit Ganga during August and September month.According to a local Jayant Barman, the pond is generally face lifted by the end of September. The kund is redugged by removing the silt and mud. It takes around 12 hours for the entire pond to refill again on its own. Afterwards the surroundings are cleaned and painted with bright folk art on the walls depicting the presiding goddess Manikarnika devi.While Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) has paid no attention in cleaning the pond while preparing for the Dev Deepawali festivity, locals of the area have divulged another way to solve the problem for devotees coming from far away places.\"As the pond has been lying in this state for months and hundreds of devotees specially South Indian are arriving at the ghat, we have created a small pool by digging the soil in the pond, filling it with Ganga water so that the purpose of 'achman' can be performed by priests, devotees and locals,\" informed a local Vijay. Additional municipal commissioner, Sachidanand Singh, was not aware of the state of the pond. \"The silt removal work should have also been applied on the Manikarnika kund. Safai workers will be questioned about it and we will soon solve the problem.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17458435", "title": "Stink can choke your sex life", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Men, mind your BO! That stands for body odour, which \u00e2\u20ac\u201d along with bad breath \u00e2\u20ac\u201d may be putting off your partner. A study on the dwindling sexual desire among women, conducted here in the city, revealed that a good 30 per cent of women said that the foul smell being emitted by their partners in the form of BO or bad breath killed their libido.Chief consultant sexologist at SAL Dr Paras Shah said that the study was conducted on 100-odd women with low sexual desire. \"The findings indicate that men should pay more attention to personal hygiene and should adopt regular grooming practices as part of their bedroom etiquette,\" Shah said.Shah delivered a special lecture on 'Midlife Crisis' organized by the Indian Menopause Society on Sunday in which he shared details of the study. He said that 8 per cent women also complained of poor personal hygiene of their men as a factor which repelled them.Nearly 50 per cent women said that while their men insisted on oral sex, they were not able to comply. \"They found it very odd. Many said that even if they wished to comply for the happiness of their men, poor hygiene proved to be a deal-breaker,\" Shah said. He said that once low sexual desire sets in due to such factors, it leads to problems in sexual intimacy among couples which in turn affects their emotional relationship.Andropause is male menopauseAhmedabad: Contrary to popular belief, men too suffer from menopause just like women. While the word has still not been ratified by the World Health Organization (WHO), sex experts say that andropause is the word for male menopause.\"The biggest symptom of andropause is the decline in testosterone hormone which results in diminished libido,\" said Dr Paras Shah. \"It especially hits men in their 40s when they are at the top of their career game but the resultant stress leads to a decline in the male hormone.\"Shah said that men too suffer from depression , stress, fatigue as part of andropause.The good news is that while menopause in women is irreversible, andropause is reversible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17457952", "title": "Man beaten to death by son in Siwan village", "text": "PATNA: One Jagdish Yadav, 62, was beaten to death by his son Surendra Yadav (45) at Nawalpur village under Siswan police station in Siwan district late on Saturday night.Siswan police station SHO Saroj Kumar on Sunday said both father and son had criminal antecedents and both had been earlier sent to jail in connection with the murder of a chowkidar and theft of idols respectively. He said Jagdish had declared Surendra as his illegitimate son saying that he was born when he was in jail.The SHO said both used to booze and fight over property. He said Jagdish had registered his land in the name of his elder son's wife, which was opposed by Surendra. Both father and son had a heated argument on Saturday and the son in a fit of rage beat his father to death with a lathi and escaped from there, the SHO said and added that the deceased's wife had lodged an FIR against Surendra in this connection.Body recovered: The half-eaten body of one Mrigendra Pandey (18) was recovered from riverine belt of Panchvenia under Asaon police station in Siwan district on Sunday. The deceased was the son of block development committee (BDC), Daraul, member Pushpa Devi. Police said that Pandey had gone to attend a marriage at the village on Friday. When he failed to return home, his family members approached the local police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17459283", "title": "Rally organized to address farmers' grievances", "text": "NASHIK: The Bharatiya Shetkari Kamgar Party will be taking the grievances of the farmers of the state to the Nagpur Legislative Assembly during its winter session this month.At a press conference recently party leaders said that drought, water and fodder shortage, low prices of farm produce, corruption, inflation and other factors have left the farmers and the common man reeling. They accused the ruling Congress- NCP of failing to cater to the needs of people.The leaders said that the death of two sugarcane farmers during their agitation has further aggravated the displeasure among the farmers and the common man. \"As a protest, we will conduct a morcha (rally) to Nagpur during the winter session of the assembly on December 19 at 11.30 am,\" the leaders said. They appealed to the farmers and common citizens to participate in the morcha in large numbers.The demands of the Kamgar Party include - appropriate price for farmers producing sugarcane, cotton, soyabean, tur, green peas, rice, etc; solving water problems in drought regions, particularly in Marathwada implementing permanent solutions to secure drought-prone regions; special provisions for rehabilitation of farmers who incurred losses in fruit produces like orange, sweet lime, grapes, pomegranate, mango, banana, etc; pension schemes for farmers and farm labourers; completion of incomplete irrigation in drought-prone regions, self-employment schemes for unemployed people or provision for compensation of Rs 3,000 to the unemployed, completion of Khar check dam to secure the water of Khar in Konkan region, to inquire about the corruption in this project and punish the guilty; pension scheme for fishermen, to bring down inflation and to punish the corrupt after proper inquiry.Leaders Keru Patil Hagavane, J T Shinde (former corporator), Manish Baste (former deputy mayor) MLA and Jayant Patil were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "17457927", "title": "Assam crisis: Bodo regime faces charge of partisanship", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Throughout the 1990s, as Army trucks rolled out of Kokrajhar town, at the centre of western Assam's Bodo insurgency, like most other markers of normalcy, RK Dey Hall had fallen comatose. The local theatre was revived with a coat of white paint in 2003 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the year of the peace accord \u00e2\u20ac\u201d not to screen movies, but to hold democratic debate as the new Bodoland legislative assembly. The assembly has now moved to a stately new building, but the conundrum created at its inception remains: Thirty of its 40 elected seats are reserved for Scheduled Tribes, or the Bodos, that constitute just one-third of the region's population.Of the other 10 elected seats, five are reserved for non-Bodos, while another five are open. As the single largest community, Bodos stand a better chance to win open seats. Currently, they retain three of these, while also occupying three of six seats nominated by the governor. In effect, barring 10 members, all others in the assembly are Bodos. Two-thirds of the region's population, or non-Bodos, have less than quarter seats.This model of disproportionate representation was justified in 2003 as the price of peace. For two decades, the Bodos had staged violent rebellion, rooted in the sentiment of marginalization in their homeland, which had seen waves of migrations as colonial administrators brought in Bengali Muslims to cultivate jute and paddy and Santhal adivasis to pluck tea leaves.However, Bodoland's political model is now under strain. The ruling party, Bodoland People's Front (BPF), stands accused of acting in a deeply partisan way in the ethnic clashes between Bodos and Muslims. \"First, they let loose violence on us, and now they are not letting us return home,\" says Mujibur Rehman (35), a Muslim farmer, echoing the widespread view within his community.In July-August, when clashes first broke out, Muslim groups alleged that the regime was complicit in the violence. In mid-November, when violence returned, the allegations were repeated, since eight Muslims killed had all been shot dead. As former rebels, BPF cadres are seen to have easy access to weapons. Worse, the killings followed a stand-off over rehabilitation, with BPF-ruled BTC insisting all refugees in relief camps be screened before being allowed to return home \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in the first round by checking land records, and in a subsequent round, by verifying names on voter lists. \"This was needed to weed out Bangladeshi immigrants,\" says Pramila Rani Brahma, BPF leader and five-term MLA.But Muslim refugees, crammed into relief camps, could not understand why they must be subjected to a torturous process. \"We had spent three months in camps. November was harvest season. How could we wait endlessly?\" asked Rehman, who has legitimate citizenship documents but who did not make it to the official rehabilitation list.As refugees like Rehman returned home, they were attacked by Bodos. Defending the violence, Brahma argues, \"We had warned the administration that the sentiment among Bodos was that illegal immigrants should not be allowed to come back to occupy tribal land. But the administration did nothing. The sentiment may have become the cause (for the violence).\"\"The sentiment is being fostered by Bodo leaders. Ordinary Bodo people, who were friends with Muslims in the past, are now keeping a distance. They say their 'high command' has asked them to do so,\" says Afjal Hoque Sarkar, one of the two Muslim members in the Bodoland assembly. Muslims are 20% of Bodoland's population, but only 5% of its assembly. \"The basic political model of Bodoland is undemocratic. It has reduced non-Bodos to second class citizens and emboldened Bodo leaders to act against others with impunity,\" he adds.Kampha Borgoyari, deputy chief of BTC, reacts angrily to such allegations: \"This is a conspiracy to malign us and to dissolve BTC. The home department is with Assam government. They failed to control the mischief-makers. Why blame us?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17457233", "title": "IIIT-A gears up for cultural show at Science Conclave", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The fifth science conclave scheduled to begin from December 8 at the Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad, will be marked by colorful cultural performances by the likes of cine actress Gracy Singh, the Prince Dance Group, Indian Idol winner Sandeep Acharya and the Nritarutya Group. Disclosing this on Sunday, the director, Dr M D Tiwari chairman of the organising committee for the Science Conclave-2012, says Gracy Singh is a trained Bharatnatyam dancer who played the role of Dinky in popular serial 'Amaanat', has given super hit films like 'Lagaan', 'Munnabhai MBBS' and 'Gangaajal'. She will present her dance performance on December 9 evening in the main pandal at the sports ground from 7:30 pm.On December 11 evening, there will be a talent fusion of three varieties of art. Prince Dance Group consisting of 17 members hails from Behrampur in Orissa.They were the winners of the television programme 'India's Got Talent'. The group has performed in various national level shows and awards functions as well. Their most famous dance act styles include National Act, Krishna Act and 'Dashavtar'.Sandeep Acharya who renders film songs will be another performer the same evening. He comes from Bikaner, Rajasthan and was crowned winner of Sony TV's 'Indian Idol' (Season-2) in 2006 and has done several live shows worldwide and performed in many reality shows like 'Jalwa', 'One Two Ka Four' on 9x, 'Singing Ke Superstar' on Star Plus, etc. He has released an album on Sony Music 'Mere Saath Saara Jahan'.A laser show with three-dimensional effects will be another highlight of the event. The show would featuredazzling colorful laser animations, cartoons, and beam effects all choreographed to a musical soundtrack and theme.On December 13 evening, 'Nritarutya', a professional organisation for development of contemporary dancing in India will present dance expressions based on martial arts and traditional practices.It is one of the few contemporary dance companies is India empanelled with the ICCR (Indian Council of Cultural Relations). Since it was found in 2000 by artistic director Mayuri Upadhya, the company has presented their work worldwide at various international venues and dance festivals along with associate directors, Madhuri Upadhyay, Geetha Ballal and Sathya B.G.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "anshul gupta , one of winners of the times scholars programme, an initiative undertaken by the times of india, shares his future plans with aaditi isaac ", "code": "17458941", "title": "I have not expected to be one of the winners, says Times Scholars winner", "text": "Anshul Gupta , one of winners of the Times Scholars programme, an initiative undertaken by The Times of India, shares his future plans with Aaditi Isaac :High fever and dengue could not stop Anshul Gupta, a student of class XII of the Shri Ram School, Aravali, from being one of the top 20 Times Scholars. Gupta, who was chosen after three rounds of interviews, says that he had not expected to be one of the winners.\"When I got through the interviews, I had high fever and later I had to be hospitalised because of dehydration and I was diagnosed with dengue,' he says. As part of the Times Scholars programme, 20 scholars were chosen for a cash scholarship of Rs 5 lakh. The amount will be transferred to the parent/guardian's bank account in four annual installments.After completing his class XII, Gupta wants to pursue computer engineering from a well-known university in the US.Gupta, who scored 93.1% in class IX and 94.7% in class X, says that the scholarship may help him realise his dream. \"Earlier, I had thought of applying either to Stanford or Harvard for my higher studies, but then I changed my mind. With this scholarship, I may be able to apply at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), US,\" he concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17456981", "title": "Traders urge SP, BSP to oppose FDI", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh Adarsh Vyapar Mandal has appealed to the Samajwadi Party and the Bahujan Samaj Party to openly oppose FDI in retail sector in Parliament on Monday. President of vyapar mandal Sanjay Gupta said 14 traders clad in black, would take out a march on Monday and urge the SP and BSP to vote against FDI when the issue is brought up for discussion in Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha on December 4 and December 5 respectively.Birth anniv: Rajendra Prasad Memorial Society is organising a function on Monday at Malviya Hall of Lucknow University on the occasion of 128{+t}{+h} birth anniversary of Dr Rajendra Prasad, the first President of India on Monday. Governor BL Joshi will be the chief guest at the function. Governor of Madhya Pradesh Ram Naresh Yadav will also grace the occasion as the guest of honour.Festival of prayer: On the last day of the festival of prayer and blessing organised by UP Masihi Sangathan, the worship evening started with a song sung by choir led by Samuel Mathai. The opening prayer was performed by Rev Kamal George Massey while the special prayer was offered by Rajeev Lyall. RK Chatree, principal of the Christ Church School, secretary of the Uttar Pradesh Masihi Sangathan. Around 25,000 persons attended the festival of prayer and blessing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/patna", "code": "17459134", "title": "Narendra Modi ahead in race for PM candidate: Arun Jaitley", "text": "AHMEDABAD/PATNA: BJP leader Gopinath Munde on Sunday supported Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi as party's potential prime ministerial candidate, a day after senior colleague Sushma Swaraj said he is \"fit\" for the top post.Arun Jaitley, another senior party leader, said BJP is proud of the fact it had a leader like Modi and he is so popular and a \"successful CM\" that it is \"natural\" the party will keep his name \"ahead\" in the prime ministerial aspirants list. BJP's Bihar unit chief CP Thakur, meanwhile, claimed that the endorsement of Swaraj, the Leader of Opposition in Lok Sabha, was the broad view of the entire party leadership.The BJP on its part said there were many leaders who were eligible candidates in the party for the post of prime minister.\"Narendra Modi is capable of becoming PM and I am satisfied with Sushma Swaraj's opinion ... He has potential of becoming PM,\" Munde said in Ahmedabad.Swaraj said on Saturday that Modi is fit to become the prime minister. \"Narendra Modi is capable of becoming the prime minister of the country ... he is fit for it,\" Swaraj told reporters in Vadodara, responding to a query. \"Sushmaji's endorsement of Modi as BJP's prime ministerial candidate in the next general elections represents the broad view of the party leadership and not her personal opinion,\" Thakur said in Patna .\"Not only Sushmaji, but the leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley and other senior leaders have echoed similar sentiments in favour of Modi,\" Thakur said, adding the final decision would be taken at an appropriate forum of the party in due course of time.Addressing election rallies in Gujarat, BJP veteran LK Advani on Sunday termed Modi as a \"role model\" of development while appealing to states to imitate him. \"Modi is undertaking great development work in Gujarat.He is a role model for CMs of other states on how to rule, govern and take care of even the poorest,\" Advani said while addressing election rallies at Kalol and Mansa in Gandhinagar district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17457004", "title": "Rain likely from Monday evening: Met", "text": "CHENNAI: After a relatively dry November, Chennai can expect rain for a few days from Monday evening. The Met department predicts rain from a low pressure system that has formed over the central parts of Bay of Bengal.\"There is a low pressure system about 500km southeast of Chennai which could bring rain,\" said a duty officer from the regional meteorological centre. Sunday remained gloomy with a maximum temperature of 28.4 degree celsius.\"Since we are at the periphery of the system, there were clouds over the city,\" said the Met official. How the density of clouds intensifies remains to be seen. \"The system does not look very promising,\" he said. With a poor northeast monsoon, TN has received 7% less rainfall than usual. Chennai is deficient by 33%. While the city should have received 649.3mm from October 1 to December 2, it has received 433.5mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17458755", "title": "Better days await Bundi Ghat, Pushkar Talab", "text": "VARANASI: There is a ray of hope for Bundi Parkota ghat and the crumbling Puskar Talab because the heritage steering committee of Union ministries of urban development and environment and forest has approved the development of these two heritage sites of Varanasi during a meeting held with Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) officials in New Delhi on November 30.Additional municipal commissioner Sachidanand Singh said that the committee has directed to prepare a detailed project report (DPR) for the development of the two sites. The project's cost will be estimated once the report is completed. \"However, in the DPR, we have to give preference to the livelihood and cost of living of the locals dwelling near these selected sites,\" said Singh.\"Ways to generate employment opportunities for the locals alongside the conservation of the sites will be the top priority so that people can earn a living and at the same time heritage sites are also preserved. Commercial activities like opening shops for tourist importance and recreational activities are some of the conceptual planning,\" Singh said.The heritage cell of VMC has to complete and submit the DPR to the Union urban development and environment and forest ministries within six months.\"Before the preparation of the DPR, a detailed study will be conducted to know the lifestyle, sources of income and living standard of the people dwelling in the vicinity of the two sites. On the basis of the survey, the families will be provided livelihood opportunities. No families or homes will be moved while the ghat will be renovated,\" Singh added. At present, the ghat is in a shambles and a VMC toilet complex exists above the newly constructed wall. The complex is inappropriately placed and disturbs the look of the ghat. Such structures will be removed. The DPR for the development of Puskar pond will also be prepared on similar lines.At present, nearly half of the ghat is occupied by washermen. There are rumours that VMC will soon convert it into a permanent washing ghat.VMC had initially identified Boondi Parkota ghat, Pushkar talab and Fatman for Inclusive Heritage-based City Development Programme (IHCDP) on November 21. Out of which, Fatman could not get the nod due to land dispute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17457067", "title": "Plea in mother tongue no bar for justice: Judge", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Petitioners can submit their petitions in their respective mother tongue such as Urdu, Bengali, Kurukh or Gurumukhi to the Chalant Nayaya Wahan (CNW), a mobile court offering legal services in state, which is all set to start on its journey from Monday and cover 20 blocks in Palamu.Sources said petitions in native language were not favoured in the past when the CNW was here last year citing reasons of absence of translator in the district civil court. CNW comes under the Jharkhand State Legal Services Authority and delivers justice at petitioner's door in remote areas.Principal district and sessions judge of Palamu civil court, Vishnu Kant Sahay said, \"There has been no translator of scripts here till date but petitions in such scripts will be entertained and officials will do the translation with help from the petitioner by just repeating the matter in Hindi,\" Sahay said, adding language is no bar to receive legal aid from CNW.He said this time he would personally monitor the ATR (action taken report) of the petitions with the CNW, if the text of the petition is legitimate, genuine and workable. If a petitioner asks for a government job in his plea, it cannot be addressed to in this manner, Sahay added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457003", "title": "Institutes can deny admission on disciplinary grounds: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: An educational institute is \"well within\" its right to deny admission to a successful candidate if his presence adversely affects discipline, the Delhi high court has ruled.\"The right of an educational institution to either admit or deny admission is beyond dispute and no student has got a right to compel an institution that he should be admitted,\" a bench of Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice R S Endlaw noted while dismissing a plea by a former Jamia Millia Islamia student against denial of admission.The bench also said a selected student is entitled to admission, but \"equally, it is the solemn responsibility on the part of the university to consider the past conduct of the student even if such student was ranked for the admission.\"If admission of the appellant is not conducive for good administration of the university and if it affects the discipline among other students, it would be well within its right to refuse admission,\" it said, pointing out that \"responsibility\" of an institute is to not only impart education but also to \"inculcate\" discipline.Hamidur Rehman had filed a plea in HC that he was \"arbitrarily\" denied admission in M A (Persian) by JMI for academic session 2012-14, because he wanted to restore democracy in the form of student elections. Rehman said he ranked 21 in the test, held for admission for total 30 seats, but the university admitted only 20 students to deny him admission.But the HC dismissed the appeal giving credence to reports from \"heads of each of the departments, which stated that the appellant was offensive and aggressive against the university\".While an educational institution can't deny admission to such of those students who would be entitled to be admitted on the basis of ranking, the court said, but added that \"equally, we are also not oblivious of the importance of discipline among students. Universities today have striven to ensure principled conduct for admission of students and the transition to higher education. The code of conduct is amongst the necessary elements which are known today for admission of any student in schools or universities\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457922", "title": "Maximum 10 years' jail for suicide abettor", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian Penal Code does not treat suicide as a crime, but, both attempt to commit suicide and abetment to suicide are crimes punishable with jail terms. Under Section 306 of the IPC, whoever abets the commission of suicide can be punished with a jail term of up to 10 years.\"The courts have laid down criteria to convict a person where it looks into the aggravating circumstances and whether the circumstances were so serious that the person was instigated to commit suicide,\" says advocate Arfan Sait, who practises in the Bombay high court.The Supreme Court has said in various judgments that there was no \"straitjacket formula\" to find out if in a case there has been instigation, which forced the person to commit suicide.\"\"Each person's suicidal tendency is different from that of others. Each person has his own idea of self-esteem,\" an SC bench headed by Justice Dalveer Bhandari said in 2010. The court took into consideration whether the victim was \"hypersensitive to ordinary petulance, discord and differences which happen in our day-to-day life. Different people behave differently in the same situation.\" The court said that \"Abetment involves a mental process of instigating a person or intentionally aiding a person into doing a thing. Without a positive act on the part of the accused to instigate in committing suicide, conviction cannot be sustained.\"Even in cases where there is no direct evidence, the court has relied on the circumstances that led to the victim committing suicide. In October 2012, the court said: \"In a particular case, there may not be direct evidence with regard to instigation, which may have direct nexus to suicide. In such a case, inference has to be drawn from circumstances and it's to be determined whether circumstances were such which created the situation that a person felt frustrated and committed suicide.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17458309", "title": "Another Outer Ring Road stretch to be opened today", "text": "HYDERABAD: The 38-km Outer Ring Road (ORR) stretch between Patancheru and Shamirpet will be opened for traffic from Monday. With the completion of the stretch, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) has completed 124 kms of the 158-km ORR.Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy would inaugurate the Patancheru-Shamirpet ORR stretch on Monday at around 9:45am. After allowing general traffic for a couple of months, the HMDA would start collecting toll from the motorists.HMDA metropolitan commissioner Neerabh Kumar Prasad said the 38-km stretch would be opened with a minor diversion at Kandlakoya junction since some land owners of Kandlakoya went to the court against land acquisition for the project. The metropolitan commissioner said work on the Patancheru-Shamirpet stretch via Sultanpur, Dundigal and Medchal began in June 2009 in three packages worth Rs 1,224 crore. The ORR connectivity is being provided on the stretch through a diversion at Kandlakoya junction. A double trumpet interchange at this junction could not be taken up due to a stay order from the Supreme Court. Now, the diversion at Kandlakoya would have connectivity to National Highway 7 to Medchal and connectivity from National Highway towards Shamirpet by forming a two-lane diversion road to join the ORR near Muneerabad sub-station.\"Once the ORR is opened, it will provide connectivity to surrounding areas between Patancheru and Shamirpet to Hi-Tec City, Gachibowli and the airport. It also provides connectivity to National Highway towards Nagpur, Bangalore, Mumbai and Vijayawada and Karimnagar, Medak, Vikarabad, Nagarjunasagar state highways,\" Neerabh Kumar Prasad said.The HMDA has taken up the eight-lane access-controlled expressway works in 2007 in three phases. The phase-I ORR, covering a length of 24 km from Gachibowli to Shamshabad, was completed and opened for traffic in 2008. Phase II-A from Pedda Amberpet to Shamshabad and Narsingi to Patancheru covering a distance of 62 kms was taken up under build operate and transfer (BOT) annuity basis and this was opened in early 2011. The toll tax is being collected from the road users since last two months.Another phase-II B, Patancheru to Pedda Amberpet via Kandlakoya is being taken up by the authority with financial assistance from Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) at a cost of Rs 3,558 crore, covering about 71 km distance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17458410", "title": "China seeks innovation space in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sias International University, the first American-owned University in Central China, is exploring opportunities to set up an innovation centre in Gujarat.The university is considering joint product development with Gujarat's universities in the innovation centre.The intellectual property rights of products developed jointly by the Chinese and Gujarati universities, will be shared.The promoter and chairman of the university\u00e2\u20ac\u201dXiaochun Chen will visit the state on December 7, 2012 for talks with several universities on joint research and product development.Sias runs on a combination of Chinese and American philosophies.The Government of Henan province has allotted 20 square kilometres of land for the university to build an innovation and incubation park, a science park and information technology park.\"China's education system has excellent methods and approaches in higher education. The key is the linkage between industry and academia,\" said Jagat Shah, chairman, India China Economic &amp; Cultural Council (ICEC ) Gujarat, who is coordinating Chen's visit to the state.The university is also expected to sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) at Vibrant Gujarat 2013 on student-faculty exchange, joint research and other academic opportunities.\"At the vocational education level, India with a young and ambitious population is missing the opportunity to engage them as a part of mainstream economic growth through manufacturing. This is where China leapt forward and engaged the masses through low-cost, volume-based manufacturing.The partnership can help students in Gujarat learn about this and a lot more from Chinese counterparts,\" said Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "hoshiarpur/nurpur bedi", "code": "17458599", "title": "Temples preach water conservation", "text": "HOSHIARPUR/NURPUR BEDI: With water table going down fast, the impending scarcity of clean underground water in Punjab is now making even the caretakers of temples save the precious liquid. If in two cases head priests of temples have prepared water recharging wells to return water being offered on Shivlings to the underground water table, another priest has made a slight shift in the ritual to save water.Interestingly, a politician played a vital role in prevailing upon religious personalities to make these environment- friendly changes at shrines and in rituals also. \"Every devotee offers water on the Shivling and once BJP Rajya Sabha member Avinash Rai Khanna suggested that this water should not go waste and should be recharged. We then made a water harvesting system connected to the Shivling so that after filtration water flows back into the earth,\" said Swami Bhagwan Dass, who established the Shiv Temple in village Nangal Shaheedan, 4 kms from Hoshiarpur. \"Now we are contemplating to harvest rainwater from the rooftops of the temple,\" he said.In the Shiv Temple in village Sarthari near Nurpur Bedi, a similar water harvesting system has been put to use. Swami Mohan Giri of this temple said he has adapted saving water as his religious mission. \"Another Shiv Temple is coming up at village Chanoli and I have persuaded the management there to have water recharging system connected with the Shivling,\" Giri revealed.He said that during every religious discourse he talks about saving water and urge people to take up the cause to prevent future rioting and wars for water. \"When my father passed away sometime back, the priest who was conducting the last rites asked me to offer 365 buckets of water to a tree. Offering such a huge quantity of water just in one go without looking for its requirement for the tree appeared to me wastage of clean drinking water. I asked the priest to look for an alternative and then we offered 365 garwis (small traditional utensil) of water to the tree,\" Khanna told TOI. Priest Ashwani Kumar of Garhshankar, who made this shift, said that from then on he had been conducting other last rites in a similar manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "roha, raigad", "code": "17457726", "title": "Govt's paper a ruse to bring Ajit Pawar back into power: Kejriwal", "text": "ROHA, RAIGAD: In the first political rally in Maharashtra of the newly formed Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), its leader Arvind Kejriwal went all-guns-blazing against the white paper on irrigation projects. Beginning his speech with the slogan 'Bharat Mata ki jai! Inqalab zindabad!', Kejriwal told a crowd of over 10,000, \"The white paper... is nothing but a clean chit for former NCP minister Ajit Pawar. We are denouncing this supposed white paper, which is only to get Pawar back into power. We have brought out a detailed black paper on the dam issue.\"Part 1 of the 'black paper' is titled 'Damned by the Irrigation Scam' and details various acts of corruption. Kejriwal also mentioned other scams that have recently rocked the nation, including reports of Swiss bank accounts of industrialists. Present at the AAP rally were anti-corruption personalities like Anjali Damania, Prashant Bhushan and Mayank Gandhi, and leaders of the Peasants and Workers Party (PWP). Before Kejriwal's speech, AAP leaders came down heavily on the guardian minister for Raigad, the NCP's Sunil Tatkare, for his alleged role in the irrigation scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17458955", "title": "Chavan scalps four as Mumbai seize initiative at Brabourne", "text": "MUMBAI: A brilliant spell of left-arm spin bowling by Ankeet Chavan (4-61) and useful contribution from pacers helped Mumbai to dominate the second day of their Ranji clash against Bengal, at the Brabourne Stadium, on Sunday.Bengal were bowled out for 201 in reply to the hosts' first-innings total of 297. Mumbai, who were 96 runs to the good in the first innings, were six for no loss at stumps in their second essay and now have a lead of 102.Early wickets were crucial if Mumbai were to prevent Bengal from taking the first innings lead. The hosts needed their own stars to rise to the challenge and Chavan struck regular blows to deny Bengal big partnerships.Bengal seemed to relive a nightmare when the visitors lost two wickets inside nine overs. Rohan Banerjee (9) was run out trying to steal a third run, while Writam Porel (2) edged a simple catch to Hiken Shah at third slip. The visitors had endured the agony of losing a low-scoring, but competitive game against Madhya Pradesh in their last match. Bengal batsmen showed a lack of resolve in somewhat identical fashion to cave in against the Mumbai bowlers on Sunday.Bengal skipper Manoj Tiwary lived dangerously for his 39. Tiwary was dropped twice, first by Hiken Shah on 12 off Dhawal Kulkarni and then by Wasim Jaffer off Ankeet Chavan on 23. In hindsight, the Bengal batsman should have stayed longer than 101 minutes to guide his team out of the pits. Instead, he tried to attack left-arm spinner Chavan and holed out to Avishkar Salvi at cover.Wriddhiman Saha , who was dismissed for a duck off Ramesh Powar , was lucky to be called back after reviews showed the Mumbai offie had overstepped. But the Bengal 'keeper-batsman failed to make it count as his half-push resulted in a nick to Kaustabh Pawar off the very next ball.Both Powar and Chavan bowled in tandem and got the ball to turn square. Powar especially got good bounce from the wicket and the accompanying turn gave the batsmen little time to adjust. Chavan attacked with two slips and a fielder at silly point. He struck thrice after tea to remove Subhomoy Das (19), Laxmi Ratan Shukla (2) and Veer Pratap Singh (2) respectively. Bengal's Arindam Das remained not out on 98 to carry his bat through.Mumbai's leading wicket-taker Chavan considered Das's performance as one of the best on the Brabourne wicket.\"For Arindam's part to bat patiently and hold one end was commendable. He batted brilliantly and only attacked the loose balls. 98 not out on a wicket like this is worth remembering. We will push for an outright win from here,\" Chavan said after the day's play.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "17456712", "title": "Rural police book Dhote, arrest looms large", "text": "Yavatmal: Yavatmal Rural Police have booked former MP Jambuwantrao Dhote under Atrocities Act a couple of months ago on a complaint lodged by Vasudeo Kumbhekar of Lasina village, 20km from the city. The investigation has been handed over to subdivisional police officer Lata Fad who is expected to submit the report to SP Ranjankumar Sharma shortly and the arrest of Dhote seems to be on card.On Sunday Dhote declared in a press conference that he would not seek anticipatory bail. \"I have been wrongly implicated in the case under the incitement of Sardars of Yavatmal. The Sardar brothers intend to safeguard themselves from the public wrath arising out of their antisocial and antinational activities including forcible conversion of adivasis,\" Dhote said.\"There are thousands of cases against me in different parts of the country but none of them was registered under Atrocities Act. If I go for an anticipatory bail, it will amount to a sin,\" he said.He has urged the SP of Yavatmal to order a thorough probe into the various complaints lodged by the people hailing from all strata of the society agaisnt the Sardar brothers who have been indulging in taking their forciable conversion activities to the vulnerable section in the under previleged class in the remote villages by luring them with various bogus promises.\"Nitin Sardar and his associates want to silence me. The Sardars would be responsible for any untoward incident which occurs spontaneously in the event of my arrest,\" he said.SDPO Fad said, \"I have almost completed the investigation and will submit my report soon.\" She, however, refused to comment on the possibility of Dhote's arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17458791", "title": "Rowdy-sheeter's murder case: No arrests so far", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore city police have not made any arrests in connection with the murder of a rowdy-sheeter, who was brutally done to death on Falnir Road on Saturday night.The deceased identified as Bejai Raj, 46, was accused in two murder cases including the murder case of his former mentor Pandu Pai. Police commissioner Manish Kharbikar said that they have definite clues about the persons involved in the murder. Police said the victim was hacked to death by three persons with sharp weapons in full public view around 10am. Though he was rushed to a nearby hospital, doctors declared him dead on arrival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17458665", "title": "Interim public toilets for cities", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With work on the comprehensive sewerage project (CSP) in the twin cities of Cuttack and Bhubaneswar running far behind schedule, the government is planning to create public and community toilets using a different technology as a stop-gap arrangement.The housing and urban development department is planning to create community toilets in slums and areas not covered by CSP using integrated up-flow filter technology. \"Since commissioning of CSP will take some more years, we are exploring the possibility of up-flow filter toilets in certain areas as an interim measure,\" said housing and urban development secretary Injeti Srinivas.Under the up-flow filter technology, septic tank effluent is exposed to the up-flow bio-filter from the bottom, which retains the microbial growth. The septic tank has two chambers. The filter blocks solid waste in one chamber allowing treated liquid waste into the second chamber. The water treated from the filter is then discharged. As a result, the groundwater remains less polluted compared to conventional toilets. Nasik city in Maharashtra has used the technology in selected pockets.The government may consider the same technology in new residential areas of Cuttack and Bhubaneswar, said Srinivas. Since CSP can't be created at the same pace for new residential areas, the new technology can be used as a localized temporary solution, he added.The government has constituted a technical committee to consider all aspects of the technology. \"We will shortly submit our report about various aspects of the technology and its local suitability,\" said L K Mohanty, member secretary of Odisha water supply and sewerage board (OWSSB), who is a member of the technical committee. Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation have been funding public toilets in the twin cities.The OWSSB has been working on CSP for Cuttack and Bhubaneswar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17458421", "title": "Three red sanders smugglers arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police have arrested three red sanders smugglers for their role in the murder of their associate at Palmakul village two months ago.The Shamshabad police arrested Ch Shiva Reddy, T Erra Swamy from Anantapur and J Sailu alias Sai Yadav of Mahbubnagar. Their associate Babu from Chittoor is absconding. Police said the trio, who are red sanders smugglers, had murdered their associate, A Ramanjaneyulu, 30, of Anantapur on October 5.Narrating the sequence of events that culminated in the murder of Ramanjaneyulu, deputy commissioner of police (DCP), Shamshabad, K Ramesh Naidu said that it was a pre-planned murder. Among the trio, Babu owns a truck and Ramanjeneyulu used to work as his driver. The gang used to purchase red sanders from various places and smuggle them in the truck to Hyderabad and other cities for disposal.During one such trip, the truck met with an accident at Railway Kodur in Kadapa district and the red sanders load was shifted to a secret den in Chittoor district. When Babu and other members were busy dealing with the police case, driver Ramanjaneyulu stole and sold a portion of the red sanders from the den.Babu and others discovered this in the first week of October and they called Ramanjaneyulu to Chittoor and thrashed him. As Ramanjenayulu was unwilling to accept his mistake, they brought him to the city on October 4. They checked into room number 206 at VG Residency hotel in Shamshabad.\"In the wee hours of October 5, the gang smothered Ramanjaneyulu to death with a pillow. Later in the night, they transported the body on a bike and dumped it at an isolated place in Palmakul village of Shamshabad,\" the DCP said. Alerted by locals, the Shamshabad police reached the spot on October 6 and shifted the body for a post-mortem examination. A suspicious death case was booked. With the help of a telephone diary found in the trouser pocket of the victim, police were able to establish his identity.During the probe, police came to know that Ramanjaneyulu used to work with the trio in red sanders smuggling and that all of them had left for Chittoor on October 4. Based on this alert, police took Shiva Reddy into custody recently from Kottur where he owns a godown. On interrogation, he confessed to the crime. Based on his confession, other two were lured to the city and arrested on Saturday night.Subsequently, police raided the godown at Kottur and red sanders weighing about a tonne were seized. The trio was produced before a magistrate, who remanded them in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17459151", "title": "Railways plans extension of East-West Metro route", "text": "KOLKATA: With the Kolkata Metro Rail Corporation (KMRC) planning to extend the East-West Metro corridor to Dum Dum, the city's airport is set to become the biggest Metro junction where at least four routes will be aligned. Already, three routes - the Tollygunge-Dum Dum, New Garia-airport and the Barasat-airport one - have been aligned to converge at the airport.As of now, Sector V is the terminal station on the eastern end of the East-West corridor. For the railways, it is a dead-end since Sector V is not connected with any railway link. After acquiring majority stake (74%) of the East-West Metro, the railways now wants to connect it with other networks. According to minister of state for railways Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury , the East-West network will have a logical conclusion only if it is connected with the airport and other Metro networks.Earlier, the West Bengal government and the union urban development ministry were holding 50-50 equity of the project. On the request of the state's Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee , the union government got cabinet decision to tranfer the state government's stake to the railway. It was also decided that the urban development ministry would also tranfer it 24 per cent stake to the railway to give it administrative control of the KMRC.After inaugurating the Phoolbagan-Sealdah cross-over, Chowdhury had said that it would be myopic not to take the corridor to the airport. \"Funds cannot be allocated after the completion of the project. So we have to think how the utility of the project can be maximized, taking into account all transportation demands\" he added.In fact, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation had earlier studied the airport alignment for the East-West corridor. The Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) - principal funding agency - was also keen to extend it to the airport and planned to arrange Rs 800 crore more than the current project cost. Even Japanese consultants had submitted a report in favour of the alignment. But later, the extension plan was shelved owing to massive cost escalation.The elevated stretch of the 6.5-km alignment might run along the Bagjola canal, go underground from near the airport hotel and finally terminate below the integrated terminal building, just like other Metro corridors. Metro commuters will need to use escalators to reach the security-check zone on the surface. However, the gauge difference between the East-West metro (standard gauge) and other Metros (broad gauge) would prevent from convergence of the alignments.A study by the transport department had emphasized on a mass rapid transit (MRT) connectivity of the airport with rest of the city. Currently, the annual passenger handling capacity of the two terminals stands at 6 million. Once the integrated building becomes operational, it will jump to 20 million. While 6,000 private cars and taxis now ply to and from the airport daily, the figure will go up to 24,000 after the modernization. The MRTs can take a lot of pressure off the passenger-dispersal system. Though airports in other metropolitan cities are linked with an efficient mass rapid transit system, Kolkata still remains an exception.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457250", "title": "Supplementary chargesheet filed against suspected Indian Mujahideen man", "text": "NEW DELHI: The special cell of Delhi Police has filed a supplementary chargesheet against suspected Indian Mujahideen operative Kamaal Hasan detailing his role in the Jama Masjid blast-cum-shootout case.Cops filed the chargesheet against Kamaal alias Bilal, also an accused in Bangalore's Chinnaswamy Stadium blast case, in the court of chief metropolitan magistrate Vidya Prakash, 134 days after his arrest. Bihar native Hasan was charged with various offences under the IPC, including waging of war against the country, and offences under the Explosive Substances Act and the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act.According to the chargesheet, Hasan had rented a house in Shastri Park area, where co-accused Qateel Siddiqui (now dead) and Mohammad Adil, among others, had stayed before carrying out the attack. It added that Hasan had disclosed that \"in 2010, he and his co-accused, along with two Pakistani nationals \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Waqas and Tabrez \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and IM chief Ahmed Siddibappa alias Yasin Bhatkal under instructions from their Pakistan-based chief conspired to attack foreign tourists in Delhi before Commonwealth Games to dissuade foreign countries from participating in the Games\".It said the conspiracy was hatched at the residence of co-accused Gauhar Aziz, who is currently in judicial custody. The chargesheet said Ahmed Siddibappa alias Yasin Bhatkal procured one carbine and other ammunition for this purpose. \"In the first attempt in mid-2010, Qateel was accidentally shot at while he along with Adil were about to attack foreign tourists at German Bakery in Paharganj in Delhi,\" it said.They then conspired to strike before CWG on the anniversary of Batla House encounter on September 19, 2010. They decided to carry out the blast and simultaneously shoot at foreign tourists in Jama Masjid area, the chargesheet said. Hasan was arrested early this year by Bangalore ATS along with co-accused Kafeel Akhtar for their role in Chinnaswamy Stadium blast.The duo was then handed over to Delhi Police since they were wanted in the Jama Masjid shootout case as well as for allegedly running an arms factory in Meer Vihar in Nangloi area. Before the arrest of Hasan and Akhtar, 13 suspected IM men \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Mohammad Irshad Khan, Asadullah Rehman, Mohammad Adil, Bashir Hasan, Abdul Rehman, Mohammad Kafeel, Qateel Siddiqui, Gauhar Aziz, Gayur Ahmed, Aftab Alam and Tariq Anjum Ahsan and Shakeel \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were held by Delhi Police for their alleged role in various terror strikes across the country. Of the 15, Qateel Siddiqui died in a Pune jail while he was in custody of the Pune ATS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17457145", "title": "Techies relive student days at BIT Mesrafor a day", "text": "RANCHI: Known for their gray matter, the engineers of yesteryears relived their youthfulness, though for a day, at Birla Institute of Technology, Mesra, here on Sunday. The occasion was a get-together of the alumni from 1955 to 2007 batches who were invited by the old students association. for a grand reunion.BIT Old Students Association (BITOSA) president RP Shahi said the institute had been organizing alumni meet of different batches from time to time but this time all the batches were invited for a grand reunion. \"The idea is not just to come together and enjoy instead it serves a platform of interaction among the students of present batch and the seniors,\" he said. It was not just fun time for the seniors as they gathered with their family members, shared contacts and decided to organise a bigger reunion at the international level in 2013. Shahi said they had been getting requests from students of different batch to organize a programme at the international level so that students of recent batches get an opportunity to interact with the industry giants.Some of the old students included noted entrepreneur Sushil Lohia, chief of corporate communications Mecon Rana Chakravorty, hotelier Chandra Kant Raipat and others. Around 120 members of the alumni association along with family members participated and assured to keep in touch with the institute. Students of BIT extended a warm welcome to their seniors, presented a colourful cultural programme and also encouraged them to come to the stage.While many refused to come to the stage some of the old students held the microphone to relive their past. Shahi said that he was good in sports and had never been a part of the dance-drama groups. \"Today many of us could not refuse our young students who had made the elaborate arrangements and wanted us to participate with them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthpuram", "code": "17462015", "title": "Hyderabad-based Learnpedia Edutech launches study software for engineering aspirants", "text": "THIRUVANANTHPURAM: Hyderabad-based educational services company Learnpedia Edutech launched a study software, JEE Study Mate, in Kerala for students preparing for entrance examinations of premier engineering colleges in the country.\"Engineering aspirants encounter problems like missed lectures, incomplete conceptual clarity, untimely doubts and uneven pace of learning. The supplement has been designed keeping in mind these problems faced by the students,\" said Biswaroop Padhi, vice-president of Learnpedia.JEE Study Mate covers all the topics in the syllabus of Joint Entrance Examination for Indian Institutes of Technology and National Institutes of Technology. It comes with videos, animations and relevant text preloaded module-wise on to the Learnpedia's proprietary learning software.The study material is available in two variants - DVDs and tablets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17459334", "title": "Collective responsibility", "text": "Rakesh Bharti Mittal, vice-chairman and managing director, Bharti Foundation, one of the winners of the WISE Awards 2012, talks to Vishakha Sharma, on why India needs to focus on girl-child educationWhat made Satya Bharti School Programme win the WISE award?It is our mode of delivery of the programme. Since its inception in 2006, the idea of putting this initiative under the Satya Bharti Programme was to reach out to the underprivileged and the most deserving children in rural areas and villages. The focus of Bharti foundation was to reach out to the section of marginalised children and make them part of the economic growth of the country by providing them with a platform. Every child is special, it is the opportunity that makes the difference. It is our collective responsibility (both government and private sector) to support such initiatives.How will the WISE award help your organisation to further your cause for the underprivileged children?This award is the recognition and the testimony of what the team is doing. Going to small villages is challenging as many a times there are problems of transportation , electricity, houses and even toilets. The WISE platform is ideal because here, one showcases what one is doing and also learns what others are doing around the globe.What are the strengths of the programme?Our teachers and cluster coordinators go to the villages of Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan where we have schools and where the number of girls out-ofschool is more. Out of our 38,000 children, 49% are girls. While education is a fundamental right, we also need to provide value-based education and that is what we try to do by allowing our children to spend time outside classrooms and be part of community development programmes , including social issues like child marriage, cast discrimination, etc. We also talk about hygiene and cleanliness. So by inculcating these value systems and habits in our children, we try to create change-agents in the community and society.Do you plan to spread this initiative in other countries or other parts of India? If yes, how?We already have a presence in six states of Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and West Bengal. Our first phase of setting up primary schools is over and now we are moving towards the second phase of setting up senior secondary schools. Initially, we will have 25 senior secondary schools out of which five are already working in Punjab under the PPP model with the government of Punjab. The remaining schools will start in the states of Haryana, Rajasthan , Uttar Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and West Bengal.What are the challenges of girl child education in India?One of the biggest challenges is that parents are reluctant to send their daughters to school, though this scenario is slowly changing. Even those who send their daughters to school withdraw them after class V and expect them to start earning a living. However, there has been a major shift, at least in India, where parents want their children to study and make a future and career for themselves. They no longer want their children to live their lives the way they had lived. The second challenge is to provide them with the facility of toilets, which most government schools lack. Other challenges include parents not being able to afford uniforms and lack of mid-day meal facility.Is education enough for the girl child or should she also be provided with skills-training ?Children drop out because parents feel that they need to become earning hands. Providing vocational training in schools is extremely important to make every child employable after school. This is why, class X onwards , we have decided to provide vocational training in our senior secondary schools. We will also create suitable modules to provide training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17458921", "title": "Karnataka Janata Party will emerge stronger than JD(S): Congress", "text": "MYSORE: Senior Congressman and Mysore MP Adagooru H Vishwanath rated the newly floated Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) above JD(S), which, he said, stands to lose its vote share following the setting of regional parties in the state.\"KJP will emerge stronger than JD(S) post-assembly elections,\" he said. However, the MP said that neither he has soft corner towards former CM B S Yeddyurappa nor that is he trying to promote him. \"KJP and BSR Congress -- the two new regional political parties set up in the state -- will cut down JD(S) to size, and will deny it power either to blackmail or to bargain power,\" he told reporters on Sunday.Taking on JD(S) chief H D Kumaraswamy, who accused the Congress of prompting Yeddyurappa, he said: \"We didn't pressurize Yeddyurappa to quit the BJP, nor did we ask him to float KJP. Kumaraswamy is talking nonsense.\"Vishwanath asked the government to probe the Chamundi Hills land scam seriously and jail those who are found guilty. \"Those who are eyeing the prime land should be jailed,\" he stated. The MP didn't approve of district minister S A Ramdas, who is named in the scam by BJP MLC G Madhusudana, saying that he should prove his innocence. Asked whether the Congress leaders, including opposition leader Siddaramaiah, are raising the issue, he said the party leaders are serious about it.Siddu to voters: say no to coalition govtOpposition leader Siddaramaiah has asked the electorate not allow the state to undergo political instability.\"Get Congress back to power and don't allow coalition government to rule the state. It will be disastrous to the state given the political instability,\" the former deputy CM said at a Congress rally at Krishnarajnagar recently.Calling JD(S) as opportunistic and BJP corrupt, he said Congress can give a clean and stable government in the state. \"It is necessary for the state to be led by a single party so it can be developed,\" he asserted. According to him, BJP, JD(S), BSR Congress or the KJP will not get majority and \"it is only Congress which is better placed\".Former Union minister Amabreesh endorsed Siddaramaiah's view, saying coalition government doesn't augur well for the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17458385", "title": "Congress leader hints at YSRC win in next poll", "text": "HYDERABAD: Senior Congress leader J C Diwakar Reddy put his party leadership in an embarrassing situation by hinting that Jaganmohan Reddy's YSR Congress party will win the next general elections.Diwakar Reddy made this remark on the sidelines of the Assembly session on Sunday.This remark assumes significance as Rahul Gandhi's envoys are here to assess the political situation in Andhra Pradesh. Informed sources point out that a treaty with YSRCP may help Congress in the next election.Earlier, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy, deputy CM Damodar Rajanarasimha, PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana, Union minister K Chiranjeevi and D Srinivas met the Delhi envoys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17457380", "title": "Dribbling down the memory lane", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Titanium football team might have lost its old charm now, but the memoirs of its famous victories still have golden sheen. On Sunday the Titanium football team members of the erstwhile era walked down the memory lane recalling the glorious past of their team. The occasion was the golden jubilee celebration of Titanium football team held at the Olympia hall here. The get together of the players and their family members even evoked memories of Kerala's first Santosh Trophy win in 1973-74 as six Titanium players were part of the winning team. .Cheeku Kavungal (72), who had played both for Titanium and for the state could not hold his emotions when he saw some of his old teammates and their family members. He said he felt like in his 20s. \"During that time all we did was to play, play and play. The dedication and energy we had is missing in the younger generation,\" he said.Though initially found a bit withdrawn, memories soon started dribbling out of his mind. \"I am blessed to attend the function today. We were all like a family. It is nice to have our children and their grandchildren together. They have grown so much,\" Cheeku said.Soon the family members of his teammates-- Najimudeen, Ratnakaran, Ashokan and Kamal joined him and shared their memories too. \"We never had to go for work. Our job was to play and win trophies. The day one stops playing they will lose their job. We all had so much passion for football at that time,\" they said.They also expressed their concern over the present generation's lack of interest in the game. \"Cricket has become so popular today that the young generation doesn't even know the aesthetics of football,\" Cheeku said.For Vilasini T, wife of late KrishnanKutty, a member of the Titanium football team in 1970's, the family get together brought a huge relief. \"I could remember those beautiful and happy days when I see his old friends. Even though he is not with me today, I feel his presence,\" she said.A souvenir on the Titanium football team was also released on the occasion. Mayor K Chandrika and Uthradom Thirunal Marthanda Varma of Travancore royal family were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457958", "title": "Hounded for 'secret wedding', MBA student leaps to death", "text": "MUMBAI: An MBA student ended her life by jumping off a housing society at Santa Cruz East on Sunday morning, reportedly after her family asked her to sever ties with her boyfriend. Sonal Bagade, 24, the deceased, had tied the knot against her family's wishes, the police said. Sonal left behind a suicide note in Marathi where she apologized to her family for her inability to live up to their expectations.Sonal, who was studying in the second year of a business management course, stayed with her mother at D'Mello compound in Santa Cruz East. Her mother had taken a divorce two decades ago and worked as a nurse at a private hospital in Sewree. Accoring to police, Sonal married a youth, belonging to a different community, in a temple. Her mother was furious when she learned about the secret wedding and asked Sonal to cut off contact with her boyfriend. She also took away Sonal's cellphone on November 29 .\"The mother-daughter duo left their residence at D'Mello compound and moved into a relative's rented flat at Samarth society,\" said a police official.Around 9.15am on Sunday, Sonal's mother had gone to work. Her relative was taking a bath and his wife had gone to Pune, when Sonal jumped off the balcony on the sixth floor. She was rushed to the VN Desai Hospital, where she died,\" the official said.The Vakola police went through Sonal's cellphone records and could not find any calls made after November 29. A suicide note written in Marathi and addressed to her mother and relatives was found in the house. \"An autopsy was conducted and the viscera has been sent for chemical analysis to the state forensic science laboratory,\" a police official said. The police have registered a case of accidental death.Woman leaves suicide note for familyMBA student Sonal Bagade jumped from the sixth floor of a building, allegedly because she was harassed by her family for having tied the knot secretly with her boyfriend who belonged to a different community.\"Around 9.15am on Sunday, Sonal's mother had gone to work. Her relative was taking a bath and his wife had gone to Pune, when Sonal jumped off the balcony on the sixth floor of Shree Samarth in Vakola. She was rushed to the VN Desai Hospital, where she died,\" the official said.The Vakola police went through Sonal's cellphone records and could not find any calls made after November 29. A suicide note written in Marathi and addressed to her mother and relatives was found in the house. \"An autopsy has been conducted and the viscera has been sent for chemical analysis to the state forensic science laboratory,\" a police official said.The police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17458340", "title": "Is the Telangana-Congress heading for a split?", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the December 9 deadline for a decision on Telangana looming and central Congress leaders still undecided on the issue, T-Congress leaders are getting edgy with some even threatening to quit the party and form their own outfit.Claiming to have the support of six MPs including Ponnam Prabhakar, Gutha Sukhender Reddy, S Rajaiah and G Vivekananda along with some thirty MLAs, the T-Congress leaders have set December 9 as the deadline for the UPA government to make a statement on T.Fearing that they might lose political mileage if the party high command does not take a decision by December 9, several T-Congress leaders are showing signs of quitting the party to form their own outfit to achieve Telangana through political means.However, state panchayat raj minister Jana Reddy, seeking to clarify his stand on this, said that there was no need to revolt against the party high command as he was getting some positive signals from Delhi on Telangana. \"I am getting clear signals that the party high command will spell out its stand before December 9. I think there is no need to quit the party and form a separate outfit at this juncture. Let us wait till December 9, and then figure out further course of action,\" Jana Reddy said.This statement of Jana Reddy came as a damage control bid especially after senior Congress MLA R Damodar Reddy on Saturday said that some T- Congress MPs and MLAs led by Union minister S Jaipal Reddy and state minister Jana Reddy would quit the party if there was no statement on T before December 9.However, sources in the Congress are indicating a split among T-Congress leaders whose opinions vary between staying back in the party and forming a separate outfit. \"It is not easy for them to lay down a clear-cut strategy as there is no consensus among the leaders, a Congress leader said.While leaders, including Gutha Sukhender Reddy, Komatireddy Venkat Reddy and Komatireddy Rajagopal Reddy are showing proximity towards YSR Congress, some including Ponnam Prabhakar and Vivek are tilting towards the TRS. Some T-Congress MLAs have decided to stay in the party provided the high command assures them ticket for the next election.Nalgonda MLA Komatireddy Venkat Reddy, on the other hand, said that he would not join hands with those talking about the formation of pressure groups. \"I am hurt by some of the T-Congress leaders. They are selfish. When I resigned from the cabinet for the cause of Telangana, they did not support me, instead they vied with each other to occupy the post left vacant. Now, they are talking about forming a separate outfit. I am not for it,\" said Komatireddy.However, Keshava Rao said that Congress leaders who are fighting for Telangana are still united. \"You must not read the statements of Jana Reddy and Komatireddy Venkat Reddy in a wrong context. What we are saying is that we will wait till December 9 and then take a call depending on the final outcome,\" Keshava Rao said. Sources said the T-Congress leaders would meet on Tuesday to discuss the issues and explore the options before them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17457007", "title": "Cleanliness a far cry in Ranchi trains", "text": "RANCHI: With increase in the number of trains from Ranchi in the past six years, hygiene and sanitation have deteriorated drastically.Most of the trains go without cleaning owing to lack of sanitation facility at Hatia railway yard of South Eastern Railway, where over 300 coaches queue up everyday for washing. Only six washing lines clean about 20 trains which leave from either Ranchi station or Hatia station.Yard masters at Hatia yard said each train takes about three to five hours, depending on the size of the rack, to be cleaned. The six washing lines at Hatia yard have the capacity to clean around seven to eight trains each day. Instead, these machines have to clean 20-odd trains. Imminently, most of the trains leaving the yard remain unclean.Chief yard master P S Singh refused to talk to the press saying he was not authorized to speak to the media. A senior official seeking anonymity said at various meetings held with senior authorities, officials concerned have complained to the divisional railway manager (DRM) several times about the lack of washing lines at Hatia yard. The problem is also acknowledged at higher levels but there has been no change in the sanitation system.Power shortage is another problem at the washing yard where machines are run on electricity, added Kumar.An official of Annapurna Utilities, which cleans all premium trains like Ranchi-New Delhi Rajdhani Express, Shatabdi Express, Sampark Kranti Express, said, \"Many a times, power supply to the washing lines is disconnected while the work is in progress..\"The problem is acute with some trains. Howrah Ranchi Intercity Express arrives at 11pm and goes to the washing line around 30 minutes later. \"By the time the Intercity arrives, some trains which have arrived between 7pm and 9pm are already in the queue. In such a situation, the intercity has to wait for hours before going to the washing line,\" said a senior yard official.A source in the yard said there have been several occasions where the Dumka-Ranchi Intercity Express had left for Ranchi railway station half-cleaned. \"The train arrives at 11.30 pm and reaches Hatia for cleaning around 12 am it reaches Hatia. The scheduled departure time for the intercity from Ranchi is 5.20 am. The train is generally sent to the washing line around 2am and at times even 3am. It is not possible to clean it in one hour,\" said an official.DRM Ranchi division G Malaya said, \"The cleaning work was outsourced . We will find out the lacuna to improve the situation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17456791", "title": "School bus speed limit raised to 50 kmph now", "text": "NAGPUR: The state transport department is all set to raise the speed limit for school buses from 40 to 50 kmph. Confirming the development, city RTO Sarjerao Shelke told TOI that the school bus operators have been demanding increase in the speed limit since speed governors were introduced on buses ferrying children.The draft notification was published on October 9, 2012, which sought objections and suggestions from public. \"Now,\" said Shelke, \"the bus operators should ensure all the buses have speed governors installed properly and adhere to the school bus policy.\" However, school bus operators association in Nagpur city are not happy. President of the association Santosh Jog said, \"we have been asking for more speed for the buses as even 50 kmph was too slow for the vehicle to operate if the road is clear, specially during the morning hours.\" Jog owns around 70 buses attached to many well-known city schools.In city limits, one cannot drive even at 40 kmph, he said and claimed that by installing speed governors maintenance cost of buses had increased 'manifold.' He explained, \"if we drive at 40 or 50 kmph on clear roads like state highways, fuel consumption will increase. Also, at low speeds the shaft of bus gets damaged.\"Adi Chhajed of Hansa Travels, one of the leading private transport firms that owns around 80 buses, welcomed the decision. According to him, 50 kmph was the standard speed as far as Nagpur roads are concerned.Tushar Mandlekar, secretary of International Society for Road Transport and Safety (ISRTS), termed the decision as favouring the school bus operators. Safety of children should be paramount but the transport department has shown it is least bothered about kids travelling in buses, he said. \"40 kmph was right,\" he added.Only 10% buses comply with normsNagpur: Only a tenth of buses ferrying school children have obtained transport department's compliance certificate. School buses across the state were required to make mandatory modifications in keeping with the school bus safety policy by November 30 or face penal action.According to RTO, there are 244 old and 39 new buses ferrying school children in city. Besides, many Maruti vans fitted with gas kits also carry children. However, only 10% of the buses have obtained compliance certificates from RTO. Shelke indicated action against operators who failed to install the governors or those did not adopt proper safety measures. \"We will not pardon such operators and they will be booked and fined for flouting rules,'' he said. RTO flying squads will keep tab on all school buses plying in city from first week of December.Among other things, the policy mandates fire extinguishers, emergency exits, attendants, first-aid kits and window rods as per specifications on all school buses. In the absence of compliance certificates, the lives of schoolchildren could be at risk. The policy lays down 28 general conditions for school buses. They have to be painted yellow, while private buses carrying schoolchildren will have to sport yellow bands.It is mandatory for buses to have first aid boxes, fire extinguishers, convex cross view mirrors for the driver, hand rails, low floor doors, emergency exits and speed governors so buses do not go faster than 50 kmph.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17459046", "title": "Zardari-baiter Fatima Bhutto to contest Pak polls, says mother", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Fatima Bhutto , the writer-activist niece of slain former Premier Benazir Bhutto , will contest Pakistan's upcoming general election from a constituency in Punjab province, her mother has said.Thirty-year-old Fatima, the daughter of Benazir's brother Murtaza Bhutto, has for long said that she has no plans to enter politics.However, media reports quoted Fatima's stepmother Ghinwa Bhutto as saying that she would contest the polls from Liaquatpur town in Rahim Yar Khan district.Ghinwa, head of the Pakistan Peoples Party-Shaheed Bhutto (PPP-SB ), made the announcement while addressing a gathering at Bahawalpur in Punjab on Saturday. There was no word on the development from Fatima, the granddaughter of former PM Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto .Fatima, who wrote the controversial book \"Songs Of Blood And Sword\" on the life of her slain father, has been a strong critic of the ruling PPP and the dynastic politics of the Bhutto-Zardari family.She has spoken out against her cousin, PPP chairman Bilawal Bhutto-Zardari , who is being groomed for a larger role in the party's affairs ahead of the general election expected to be held by May next year. Bilawal will not be eligible to contest polls himself till he turns 25 in September next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17458358", "title": "Jewels of everyday life", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Art depicts life and it finds expression in the simplest moments of everyday life. Its identity is manifested in traditions, folklores and festivals. A Kutchi woman, for instance, works for months on costumes and jewellery to adorn herself and uses designs that embody her community's custom.Over time, these designs and artistry have gone into the making of day-to-day articles which \"evolve in a particular place or region of the state\". For instance, \"the patola of Patan, lac-coated wood crafts of Sankheda, Ajrakh in Kutch , Sadeli work of Surat and a range of embroideries within the region\" have become highly stylized, marking the identity of each community. Thus, raising the ordinary to extraordinary.The book, 'Handloom &amp; Handicraft of Gujarat' is a glimpse into the rich heritage of the state that can be traced to the Indus Valley civilization. A pictorial delight, the book has fascinating pictures that compliment the text on each craft. It takes you to each region and introduces you to the craft (as many as 101), its origin, revival, continuity and contemporary trends.An initiative of Gujarat Handloom &amp; Handicrafts Development Corporation Limited, the book has been edited by Villoo Mirza and Vinutha Mallya, and published by Mapin Publishing.Though an exhaustive compilation of Gujarati crafts, folklores associated with them are missing which would have made it an interesting read. But then, photographs selected make you want an 'odhani' with 'gul' motif embroidered with silk floss, or a pair of silver earrings with coloured glass stones worn by Sindhi Muslim women.One can't miss the famed Patan Patola sari, a must have for a woman, or Mata ni Pachhedi, a ritual textile. \"Worship of the goddess takes place in front of the textile, which is detailed with narrative figures of animals, birds, other gods like Sun, Ganesha, demigods and human forms,\" states the book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17458684", "title": "Hospital takes care of abandoned baby girl", "text": "ROURKELA: A newborn girl abandoned by her mother about two months ago continues to be under the care of Rourkela Government Hospital (RGH). Her parents are untraceable.The woman, Sabita, was staying in a rented accommodation at Gopabandhu Palli in the city along with her husband and children. She had five daughters and was expecting her sixth child. An ASHA worker had got her admitted to RGH for delivery.Sabita delivered a girl on October 5 and the doctors advised her week-long stay at the hospital as the newborn developed some complications. Four days later, she stealthily left the hospital. Not finding the mother near the baby, the hospital authorities contacted the ASHA worker. She found the house locked and intimated the hospital about it.\"We immediately informed police and continued with the treatment. The condition of the baby is stable now,\" said Dr R K Joshi, CDMO of the hospital. The nurses of the hospital have been taking care of the baby and she will soon be handed over to the district Child Welfare Committee, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17461082", "title": "Thane RTO recovers 46 k fine from defaulting autos", "text": "THANE: More than 20,000 autorickshaws in Thane region are believed to be running on the streets with the old mechanical meters and quite a few of them have failed to recalibrate their electronic meters in accordance with the newly increased fares, according to Thane RTO NK Patil.The senior official said the RTO has initiated a campaign in the region to penalize all those auto rickshaw drivers who has failed to recalibrate their e-meters. Patil said the deadline for carrying out the re-calibration of the meters has expired last week, subsequent to which the Thane RTO fined the drivers who have not adhered to the deadline.He said 26 autorickshaws have been fined in the last one week and close to Rs 46,000 fine collected from them. Patil said adequate time was given to the three-wheeler drivers to recalibrate their e-meters and, moreover, fares were revised in keeping with their demand.Thane region has close to 50,000 auto rickshaws and extends from Thane to Navi Mumbai and includes the townships in the west including Vasai-Virar as also Bhiwandi, Kalyan-Ulhasnagar, Badlapur and Ambernath.Citizens complained that though the e-meter system has been introduced quite some time back, most auto drivers in Thane region continue to play truant.The RTO and the traffic police department's initiative to facilitate a seamless travel for auto rickshaws across the district borders of Mumbai and Thane, commuters continue to be at the mercy of the auto drivers who refuse to drive into Mumbai citing vague rules.Most commuters who want to continue their journey into Thane are made to disembark at the entry point of Mumbai at the Anand Nagar post on Eastern express highway and the Modella entry point on LBS marg and have to hail another Thane registered auto rickshaw to drive in to the lake city.In fact, senior BJP functionary Sanjay Kelkar had recently flagged off an auto rally from Thane and drove into Mumbai to create awareness among the regular commuters that they should not fall prey to any incorrect reasoning made by the auto driver for refusing fare.RTO officials said policy planners in the transport and the urban development department had in the past issued a notification announcing that auto rickshaws and taxi need no permit or sanction to cross into the other side of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457318", "title": "Wife-beater gets 2.5-year prison term", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man who used to regularly beat his wife under influence of liquor, driving her to attempt suicide, has been sentenced to two-and-a-half years in jail by a Delhi court.Victim Rekha told the court that her husband Ashok Kumar used to get drunk and beat her up every day. He also used to ask her to bring money from her parents for food and other basic expenses while he himself did no work to earn a living. In her complaint, Rekha said her husband fought with her and beat her mercilessly on September 23, 2007 and told her to leave the house. She said after the fight, she sent her minor daughter out on pretext of getting some medicines.The girl deposed in the court that when she returned home from market, her father was not at home and her mother was hanging from the ceiling. She said she began screaming and her neighbours rushed in to help. They took her mother to the hospital where she, fortunately, survived after quick medical treatment.Metropolitan magistrate Kiran Gupta said, \"The convict had made the complainant's life burdensome to an extent that she was left with no other option except to commit suicide to end her miseries which she had to undergo daily\". It rejected Ashok's plea for leniency, saying \"the act of the convict is of such a nature that it cannot be condoned\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "17458001", "title": "AIDS spectre still haunts Kishanganj", "text": "KISHANGANJ: The spectre of AIDS continues to haunt Kishanganj district which is saddled with 1,370 HIV+ cases. In all, 146 HIV+ cases were detected across Kishanganj district in 2007 which dropped to 145 in 2008.However, the HIV+ cases shot up to 252 in 2009 and was marginally down to 249 in 2010. It, thereafter, dropped to 161 in 2011,only to rise exponentially to 413 till October, 2012, according to official sources.The border district of Kishanganj, hedged in by Nepal on one side and Bangladesh on the other side, has been most vulnerable to the HIV+ menace. The huge migration of labourers to distant places and perennial problem of human trafficking only adds to the phenomenon, according to sources. In view of the district's susceptibility and vulnerability to the menace of HIV, Kishanganj was one of the seven districts in the country and the only district in Bihar where the World Health Organisation (WHO)) had launched the CHARCA programme to contain AIDS in 2004. However, the CHARCA programme was wound up in 2005, sources said.The Bihar State AIDS Control Society (BSACS) is actively campaigning to control the menace of AIDS. Altogether 32,598 persons, both male and female, were made to go through the grill of testing at various camps throughout the district.The year-wise break-up of such tests are 5,479 (2007), 6,628 (2008), 6,917 (2009), 7,496 (2010) and 6,079 (2011), according to official sources.The in-charge of the AIDs control programme, Dr N K Prasad, said that lack of awareness among the inhabitants in the district where illiteracy was still quite high was the prime factor behind such phenomenal incidence of HIV+ cases.\"People are still daunted by the stigma attached to HIV+ and would not volunteer any information about it till it goes beyond the limit of tolerance,\" say the doctors. The government would have to take it as a challenge as in the case of Pulse Polio campaign before the menace is effectively curbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17461107", "title": "Manisha Koirala had a premonition of her illness", "text": "Manisha Koirala's close friends are in a state of shock, too numbed by her sudden illness, to let the gravity of her situation sink in. While family members begged off any on-record comment with the understandable plea of requiring privacy at a time like this, a very close friend of the actress revealed how the death of her mentor and dear friend cinematographer Ashok Mehta had left Manisha shaken and unsure of her own health and the future.Asking to be \"left out of public demonstrations of concern\" this friend reveals, \"When a friend, Mona Kapoor passed away, suddenly Manisha told me she was apprehensive about her own health. 'I better have myself thoroughly checked,' she had told me. A few months later Manisha lost her dear friend Ashok Mehta. She was distraught. 'There is no certainty in life any more,' she had said. I am not sure whether she got all the tests done on herself at that time. But she had said she was going to.\"The genial warm actress had lately been distressed by her failed marriage.\"She really wanted it to work and gave it her best shot. And when it didn't work out she took it as a personal failure. 'I guess I am not destined to be a wife,' she told us. Manisha gives 200 percent of herself to all her relationships. She is within her rights to expect at least some love in return. We are there for her at this time. But Manisha wants to fight her illness on her own.\"The friend says Manisha was lately in a cheerful mood. \"She has come to terms with her failed marriage, as she does with all the setbacks in her life. Manisha will fight this out,\" says the friend.The actress has decided not to speak about the illness until the process of healing begins formally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17456740", "title": "'Look beyond academic needs of kids with learning disabilities'", "text": "NAGPUR: While trying to help slow learners or children with learning disabilities, most emphasis is laid on tiding over the difficulty in academics. Little thought is given to the many physical, neurological and social aspects of the problem.Experts at a national conference on learning disabilities organized by Rotary Club of Nagpur East (RCNE) in association with Sheikh Asgharali Hasanali Maimoon Charitable Trust and Inner Wheel Club of Nagpur East discussed these softer aspects of the problem too.\"These children may also be suffering from underlying medical conditions like difficulty in hearing, seeing, recurrent infections or even sleep deprivation. All these problems, however, can be cured once we understand the cause of these. The important thing is to identify and understand the problem the child is suffering,\" said developmental neurologist Dr MC Mathew from Kerala.Lalitha Ramanujan, founder of Alpha to Omega, a learning centre that devises techniques to teach the differently-abled, believes that just 10 extra minutes in every class for a couple of months in a classroom can help those with LD. \"Several techniques, like drama and yoga, can be utilized to improve cognitive skills and thinking ability of the child. This will not just help the kids with special needs but also other kids. The aim should be to equip every child to attend college and be independent,\" she said.Preeti Verma, director in charge of SNDT University's Centre for Special Education , agreed, \"Teachers can adapt techniques like reducing curriculum tackled in one lecture or modifying content to help students with short attention spans, short term memory or processing difficulties.\" This calls for the teachers and parents to become partners in the process of the child's development, she added.\"The need is not just of inclusive but integrated education. Before talking of RTE, we should see that teachers in our schools are ready to take care of these children. We only speak of improving their cognitive abilities and academic performance, rarely do we speak of improving the emotional and social quotient of the children,\" said actor and educationist Swaroop Rawal, who uses drama to enhance life skills in children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17459057", "title": "Bizarre payment rule", "text": "Some things never change. One of them is the bill payment system at the BR Singh Railway Hospital in Sealdah. For some strange reason, the hospital charges have to be paid at counter number 17 of Sealdah railway platform instead of at the hospital. Even more surprisingly, instead of a receipt - the kind normally issued by hospitals - a railway ticket is handed out as an acknowledgement of payment.But why this peculiar rule? No one has a clue. One possible explanation is that when Baba Ramrick Singh, the first Indian Railway Agent and the then acting GM of Eastern Bengal Railway (EBR), established a small health unit near Sealdah railway station in 1934, railway platforms were perhaps the only means of collecting cash payments. But today, BR Singh Hospital that started off with just 36 beds is one of the best equipped railway hospitals in India with 461 beds and catering to a whopping 63,000 patients.And there's nothing to inform first-timers about the bizarre rule. And, at counter number 17, people have to queue up with regular train passengers to make their payment.Picture perfectIt's a quaint picture of a group of ladies waiting to offer prayers at the Jamuna river on a misty winter morning. A pristine Taj Mahal overlooks the women in their bright attire. Taken by TOI lensman Sudipto Das, the photograph titled 'Prayer' won the Royal Photographic Society's Jubilee Time Capsule Award in UK last month. It was jointly organised by The Royal Commonwealth Society (RCS) and The Royal Photographic Society (RPS) in UK to mark 60 years of queen Elizabeth's reign. Das' photo won the top award out of 60,000 photographs which were submitted for the grand contest.On November 14, the queen was presented with the Jubilee Time Capsule containing the top 60 selected entries in the Diamond Collection, which will be housed in the Royal Collection, Windsor . The Time Capsule is an online social archive that tells the story of the last 60 years of the Commonwealth and could be of great value to historians, academics and teachers as an accessible and unique snapshot of an important period of history. \"It was a great honour to be placed alongside the best from around the Commonwealth countries. Meeting the queen and joining her tea-party at the Buckingham Palace was a memorable experience as well,\" said Das.Tribute to SwamijiA unique tribute was paid by a Kolkatan to Swami Vivekananda at the World Congress of Religions in Washington, USA, last week. A book edited by entrepreneur Satyam Roychowdhury was released at the prestigious meet by Martin Luther King III at the three-day conference that marked Vivekananda's 150th birth anniversary. \"Swami Vivekananda's teachings will reach many more people of the world through this book,\" said King. He also referred to the idealism of Mahatma Gandhi, Rabindranath Tagore and his father Martin Luther King in his speech on Vivekananda's vision and Vedanta. Roychowdhury conveyed his thanks to King and the organizers of World Congress in his speech.Reading out a message from Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee, Roychowdhury thanked the Institute of World Religions and Culture for taking the meaningful initiative.Dramatic dialoguesCome Friday and 'Sanlap' is set to mark a few dramatic firsts, with National Award-winning actress Ananya Chatterjee making her stage debut in play-reading at Suchitra, 40A Creative Studio at Ballygunge Place, which, in its turn, will open doors to performing arts for the first time. At the event, which starts at 7.30 pm, Ananya will read excerpts from works of Buddhadeb Bose, Euripedes and William Shakespeare , with elocutionist Sujoy Prosad Chatterjee and theatre personality Biplab Dasgupta as co-performers.Reel and surrealTime for a 'surreality check' as The Seagull Foundation for the Arts hosts 'The Exquisite Corpse: Surrealism and Cinema', a festival of films by Louis Bunuel on December 7-8, 14-15 and 21-22. Also featuring will be a lecture on surrealism and the surreal filmmaking of Bunuel by Dr Somnath Zutshi, \"surreal parlour games\" and an exhibition of photographs by Arko Datto, which will open December 17.Fashion fiestaWhat are year-end festivities without cultural extravaganzas? In keeping with this spirit, Tollygunge Club recently organised a fashion show with all their members on the club premises. From infants to oldies, Tolly Club had them all on the ramp. \"This fashion show is one of the most popular events of our club, and every year, our members work hard to present a show that's almost perfect. So it's very special for us,\" said managing member Anil Mukerji. The sponsors for the event were Darzee, Orly, Kingfisher , She, Magic Factor and Naksha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17458715", "title": "Police not geared up for riots?", "text": "VARANASI: With the formation of Samajwadi Party government in the state in March this year, the state police laid special emphasis on anti-riot preparations and placed orders for non-lethal armaments with UP police headquarters from the districts in April. However, no delivery of such armaments has been made to the districts of this region so far.The fact surfaced when TOI tried to take stock of the anti-riot weaponry of the police after Muharram, which saw tension in Bhadohi district and conditions ripe for a sectoral clash in a highly sensitive locality of Varanasi. Fortunately, the police did not have to use weapons during these incidents to bring the situation under control, but the condition of police weaponry hints that the cops have limited non-lethal munitions in their stock.When SSP Varanasi BD Paulson was contacted on Sunday, he said, \"We have sufficient rubber and plastic bullets in our stock.\" However, he did not comment when asked about the availability of ammunitions like long-range tear gas shells, short-range shells, three-way tear gas grenades and speed heat tear gas grenades, which are used in cases of communal violence or riots.The reality of non-lethal weapons available in the police stock was exposed in the past when they were tasted during practice sessions. It was found that most of the shells did not explode as they had expired several years ago.If sources are to be believed, after 1999, there was no proper supply of the anti-riot munitions including tear-gas shells to the district. The sources said that in the past few years, the district received such munitions but the quantity was less than 30 per cent of the total demand. Therefore, the chamber of the police lines has a small stock of such munitions, and the maximum ammunitions had been supplied in 1999. These shells and grenades expire after a period of three years, said the sources, adding that as the district police are not provided practice ammunition, the same expired ammunitions are utilised for practicing after the arrival of fresh stock.Though the armed police are well trained about operating all the arms and ammunition available in the department, before major events when there is greater possibility of untoward incidents, police station wise arms practice sessions are conducted. But in the name of practice, the trained cops usually give a demonstration of using the anti-riot arms and ammunitions instead of allowing the cops of police stations to fire such munitions themselves, said the sources.The sources revealed that last April, a long list of anti-riot munitions and shells were sent to the police headquarters from the district. The demand for expandable batons, electrical M26 tracer (21 feet range), long range aquatic dense (LRAD), chilly bomb (spray and in grenade forms), riot control agents, multi-barrel launcher of non-lethal bullets, tear gar shells of long and short ranges, and airburst non-lethal munitions was made in the list. However, no supply has been made to the district police so far.Rally: Kiran Society, an NGO working for the welfare of physically and mentally challenged children and youngsters will take out an awareness rally from Ambedkar Park near Varuna bridge on Monday to mark the World Disability Day.Procession: Inqualabi Naujawan Sabha took out a procession from Lahartara area on Sunday to protest against the condition of roads in the city.The reality of non-lethal weapons available in the police stock was exposed in the past when they were tasted during practice sessions. It was found that most of the shells did not explode as they had expired several years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17458560", "title": "Library fine print leaves a lot desired", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Utkal University's plans to modernize and renovate its library are finally taking shape. Responding to the varsity tenders, Inflibnet (Information and Library Network Centre), an autonomous inter-university centre of the University Grants Commission (UGC), and another New Delhi-based private party have applied to take up the digitization of the Parija library.\"We will shortly open the tenders and assign the job to the suitable agency,\" said U N Sahoo, professor-in-charge of the library. The varsity's library automation plan was pending for the last several years. It aims at complete computerization of library operations, including e-catalogues, which will help readers locate any article in the library in a matter of minutes.The project would also help Utkal University to link its library with other automated libraries and share information about exchange resources. The varsity's plan to renovate the library building too has seen some light with the authorities assigning the work to central public works department (CPWD) recently. \"The agency would start work very soon,\" Sahoo said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17456928", "title": "Free Power to hit water table", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Akhilesh Yadav government's latest move to give free electricity to over 20 million marginal and small famers will have adverse effect on ground water, the situation of which is grave and likely to worsen in the absence of any act to regulate its use in the state.Samajwadi Party's eye on the 2014 Lok Sabha poll being another matter, economic assessment of the proposed plan shows scant regard for environment degradation, which will be far more devastating for the farmers in the future.Announced on the floor of the assembly by Agriculture minister Anand Singh in the presence of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, the move has raised more questions than answers. It is not certain, how many farmers would stand to gain as there is either no power supply in rural areas is limited to five or seven hours.Sudhir Panwar, president of the Kisan Jagriti Manch, apprehends the move will benefit big farmers more than the small and marginal farmers, who are essentially poor and cannot afford tube wells. These poor farmers depend on big farmers, who charge roughly Rs 100 to Rs 120 per hour for irrigation and thus the rich stands to gain most by the provision of free electricity.Unless a mechanism is made for transfer of cash subsidy directly to farmers, the plan in its present format may not achieve the result desired. On the other hand, it will give one more reason to the inefficient power corporation to cover up its losses and failure to improve efficiency. For calculating the free electricity charges for irrigation per acre, the estimate is by the Commission on Agriculture Cost and Prices (CACP).Both electricity and water are scarce and need to be conserved. Besides, estimated to cause an additional burden of around Rs 1,000 crore to the state exchequer, the provision of free electricity is viewed to have its natural corollary to the ground water supply situation. Since there is no price mechanism, the withdrawal of already precious ground water will become even more reckless.This is bound to increase the challenge manifolds for the conservation of ground water and adding to the concern is refusal of the government to enact any law to regulate and control the extraction of ground water in the state.It is argued by the government on the floor of the assembly that such a law would only hamper the interest of farmers, who depend on ground water for irrigation. But the argument is poor defence considering that out of a total of 850 blocks, 250 are categorised as critical because of their receding underground water table and 108 are declared 'dark' blocks due to over exploitation of underground water. Incidentally, these blocks fall in Lucknow, Kanpur, Etawah, Ghaziabad, Agra, Meerut, and in Bundelkhand region where the situation is already dreadful.The underground water is sucked by 29,000 state run and 41.5 lakh private tubewells. Since there is no assured power supply, only 4.95 lakh private tube wells are run by electricity supplied and remaining 33.34 lakh on diesel.Ironically, the overdependence on groundwater for irrigation exists in spite of the fact that UP has the biggest canal system spreading over around 95,000 km. But this accounts for only 3 per cent of total irrigation in the state, as per its own admission by the government in the assembly. Poor upkeep coupled with inappropriate de-silting of canals due to neglect on part of the government contributes to the general failure of the irrigation system in the state.Thus farmers have no option but to fall on ground water for irrigation. At present this accounts for around 70 per cent. With provision of free electricity, the exploitation of ground water is likely to increase manifold, making the scenario even worse. The price of the loss of this precious ground water reserve, which is already scarce, will be difficult to pay off in the long term.This will lead to environmental degradation in which water table, which is receding every year from five to 50 feet in different regions, might go down faster. In the eventuality, the pumps will become inoperative and need re-boring for which the farmers would once again need additional financial assistance.No doubt , there can be an argument in favour of the move, as this is intended to help farmers reduce their agriculture input cost. This is much needed to small and marginal farmers, who live a life of abject poverty. But then the provision of free electricity has many pitfalls, as it is tilted in favour of the rich. As a result, the poor will continue to suffer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17457207", "title": "Seers unhappy with Mela measures", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Kumbh Mela authorities on Saturday having begun formally the process of land allotment to various akharas scheduled to camp during the mela, saints of Juna Akhara took possession of land allotted to them in the Sangam area and are getting ready for flag hoisting (dhwajarohan) and peshwai (formal entry) ceremonies.On the other hand, national chairperson of the Panch Dasnam Juna Akhara, Mahant Girija Dutt Giri, slammed the authorities for tardy pace of work and raised apprehensions that preparations would not be complete on time. On the other hand threats issued by terrorist organisations following the hanging of Mumbai terror attack accused Ajmal Kasab are not being taken seriously by the government agencies, he said while talking to newspersons here on Saturday.Expressing fear that saints, pilgrims and devotees coming to the mela may become targets of terrorists he said both traffic and security arrangements should be suited to ensure security of crores of pilgrims, sadhus and mediapersons coming to take a holy dip.He added that apart from taking over charge of security arrangements in the mela area, authorities should also provide facilities like water, electricity and strong pontoon bridges for safety of devotees.Accusing mela authorities of bypassing quality control norms and in protest of prevailing \"irregularities in allotment of land\", angry Hindu Yuva Vahini members torched an effigy of the mela adhikari near Kotha Parcha on Saturday.District general secretary, Monu Gupta said despite the fact that crores of pilgrims and visitors are expected to visit the mela, authorities had adopted lackadaisical attitude towards preparations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17459149", "title": "Climate change makes investing in Kolkata risky: Report", "text": "KOLKATA: For a city that is already starved of funds, a global risk and strategy consultant's warning against investment in Kolkata could ring the death knell.In its latest report, Maplecroft has alerted multinational companies operating in Kolkata of near-certain exposure to spiraling environmental risks in the near future. \"As global corporations expand into emerging markets, their operations will be exposed to a complex set of climate risks that have the potential to disrupt business continuity,\" Maplecroft's head of maps and indices Helen Hodge said on businesses in Kolkata.According to Maplecroft's 5th Annual Climate Change Atlas, Kolkata ranks seventh on the list of cities most vulnerable to climate change. The city has also received the 'extreme risk' tag with Dhaka leading the pack, followed by Manila, Bangkok, Yangon, Jakarta and Ho Chi Minh City.According to climatologists, 'extreme risk' cities will be battered by storms, cyclones and hurricanes, suffer extreme temperature and rainfall variations that could have a devastating effect on the ecosystem, human health, industrial processes, supply chains and infrastructure.Kolkata is already under heat stress for 10 months a year. Any further rise in temperature will lead to major health issues - frequent incidents of heat stroke, heat rash, dehydration and cardio-vascular attack. \"We will need more air-conditioning to mitigate the heat. That in turn will mean more energy use and carbon emission,\" Joyashree Roy of JU Climate Change Programme pointed out.Also, the city will face water stress as population pressure increases. \"We must stop wasting water. A third of water is lost through leakages at present. We have to find ways to make the water sector more energy efficient and curb wastage,\" said PCB chairman Binoy K Dutta.In addition, Kolkata will be vulnerable to storm surges and an influx from the Sunderbans that will be majorly hit if the sea level rises.Environment secretary RPS Kahlon pointed out: \"The problem with Kolkata is that it is a very old city and can at best become a controlled low carbon city to meet the challenges.\"British deputy high commissioner Sanjay Wadvani, however, made it clear that the threat was imminent and needed immediate action. \"We all recognize the threat that climate change brings with the unpredictability of global weather patterns and the adverse impact on business in Kolkata. The city must rise to the challenge and move to a green growth path,\" he said.The vulnerability of cities in the growth economies stems not only from their exposure to climate-related hazards, but also the sensitivity of their population and the poor capacity of governments to support local adaptation measures to combat the potential effects of climate change.A further 19 cities are classed as 'high risk', including Mumbai (8) and Delhi (20) in India; Lagos, Nigeria (10); Johannesburg , South Africa (13); Rio de Janeiro , Brazil (21); and Hong Kong (14), Guangzhou (18), Shenzhen (19), Wuhan (23) and Shanghai in China (24). Chicago, London, St Petersburg, Paris and Madrid , meanwhile, were the only four cities to be classified as low risk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17460120", "title": "Ajay Devgn wants to earn his stripes", "text": "The actor will shoot with a Bengal Tiger for Himmatwala. But will use a body double for the riskier 'action' scenesIn August this year, when he launched his film Himmatwala , Sajid Khan released a poster of Ajay Devgn who had evidently 'belled' the big cat. There was plenty of speculation at that time about the computer-generated poster and the film, which would see Sajid graduate from monkeys, crocodiles and other reptiles to the Royal Bengal tiger.Well, tigers do seem to be the flavour of the season. And after Salman Khan declared that for Sher Khan he wants a tiger that can give Richard Parker (of Life of Pi fame) a run for his stripes, Ajay and Sajid have decided to tackle the big cat head on. According to sources, Sajid and Ajay are flying to a farm in Mauritius that specialises in animals trained for the big screen. Apparently, it is for a pivotal scene in the film that is inspired by Amitabh Bachchan's hand-to-paw combat in Mr Natwarlal. Interestingly, the stunt director of that memorable scene was Ajay's father Veeru Devgn.A friend of Sajid told TOI, \"Sajid's films are incomplete without animals. The tiger is an intrinsic part of his Himmatwala . If Ajay has to rescue the tiger, he has to fight one. The sequence will be shot in Mauritius over seven days under constant supervision by stunt coordinators and experts. Unlike in India, in Mauritius, filming of animals is allowed.\"However, TOI has learnt that while Ajay will shoot a few scenes with the tiger, there will be stunt double for the riskier close-up sequences.A source close to Ajay said, \"Sajid wanted to use computer graphics and special effects but it was Ajay who insisted on shooting at least a few scenes with the tiger. He likes to push the envelope and he had a long chat with Sajid in Hyderabad about this.\"In a text message, Sajid confirmed the news:\"Yes, I am leaving for Mauritius tomorrow where Ajay will shoot with the tiger.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17459115", "title": "Sobhandeb waits for Didi's return", "text": "KOLKATA: Sobhandeb Chattopadhyay will prefer to wait till chief minister Mamata Banerjee returns to Kolkata on Tuesday and then take a call on his future course of actiondeciding on his future. He still hopes the chief minister will \"do justice\".The veteran trade union leader told TOI on Sunday, \"I am a disciplined party worker. I will never go against the party line. The party leader has promised to address my grievances and I will wait for it. Till then, I will not speak to the media on this issue any further.\"But is Mamata ready to settle the issue on Chattopadhyay's terms? Will the party leadership finally come clean on the ragging debate on the ascendancy of newcomers at the expense of old-timers in the party rank-and-file?Key to Chattopadhyay's demands is that the party leadership act against his rivals led by Dola Sen, the state INTTUC president, and that he is given a free hand in leading the unions which he has nurtured over the past decade. On the first, the Trinamool leadership has been dithering for months, on the second they've already given a clear ruling.For one, there will be no two Trinamool unions at any one place. And Sobhandeb gets to lead the unions he formed. The party mandate on this, however, is rarely adhered. Had it been, the fracas at Calcutta University which has led to the present stalemate wouldn't have happened. There two rival INTTUC unions clashed with each other, leading to the assault on Sobhandeb. The response of the leadership has been anything but clear. While they've insisted that Sobhandeb seals his lips in public and his supporters refrain from protesting on this, they've bothered to overlook where their dictum is being flouted with abandon.Chattopadhyay, who is one of the first MLAs of Trinamool, isn't asking for much from the party.Besides, Chattopadhyay, one of the first Trinamool MLAs, wants the leadership to publicly condemn the factional outburst at Calcutta University where some party men reportedly heckled him. The 67-year-old Trinamool veteran has pushed himself to a position where he would settle for nothing less than the minimum.He has been sticking to his demand since November 27 and is ready to wait for some more days for the party to acknowledge his contribution.In 2009, he was removed from the day-to-day activities of INTTUC and made the all-India president while Purnendu Bose took over the reigns of the state unit. Dola Sen was made the state INTTUC president when Bose became the labour minister. On February 8 this year, Subrata Mukherjee was made the all-India president, replacing Chattopadhyay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17458540", "title": "A 'marriage' of trees loved by all", "text": "MADURAI: People of Kurukkuthurai in the outskirts of Tirunelveli town were busy in their homes attending to a 'marriage' function of two trees, which they believe would bring them prosperity, a ritual they have been performing for many years.According to Selva, one of the persons who attended the 'wedding', the gooseberry tree near the water tank in Kurukuthurai is revered by all of them in that place. They are not sure of the age of the tree but these people believe this tree is one reason why good things happen in their families.The 'wedding' between the gooseberry trees and a tulsi plant is conducted by them on a particular star in the Tamil month of Karthigai.This year, however, the occasion drew larger crowds because it fell on a Sunday. The gooseberry tree is the 'bridegroom' and the tulsi plant the 'bride'. This year, instead of a tulsi plant, a large garland strung from fragrant leaves was used to represent the bride.Women and men in their best silks were in attendance and all of them contributed to the feast, which included a variety of rice, including pongal, tamarind rice, kesari, vada and many other sweets.The 'bridegroom' plant was wrapped in a brand new silk dhoti and the 'bride' in a silk sari. The tulsi garland was then adorned on the tree along with other floral garlands.The food for the feast was placed before the newlywed 'couple' as an offering and later the guests sat down to feast. Lakshmi, an elderly lady, said both these plants were auspicious as the gooseberry was expected to give longevity and tulsi was offered to Lord Vishnu. \"Here, we worship the tree as Lord Vishnu and the tulsi as the goddess Lakshmi. We believe that performing this wedding will bring prosperity\".Childless couples, girls whose marriages are getting delayed and others participate in the ceremony. We also pray for world peace,\" said these people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17459205", "title": "'I am a chilli. My colour is green. I am not hot'", "text": "Dressed in a dark green dress with a matching hairband and footwear, 5-year-old Ivin K G introduces herself to a large audience, \"I am a chilli. My colour is green. I am not hot. I am a capsicum.\"Even as the audience nods in recognition, the teacher takes out a capsicum from a basket full of vegetables and shows it to the class. She then asks, \"What is this?\" The students scream, \"Capsicum.\"The teacher nods in approval and then cuts the capsicum and mixes it with other cut salad vegetables in a bowl.Sometime later, the students are served the vegetable salad dish for snacks, which the toddlers compete to finish.As the group of students, brought up on their diet of junk food, rush for a second helping of the salad, the class teacher whispers, \"We regularly have vegetable or fruit days for kindergarten students. Children not only learn about the vegetable or fruit, but they are also encouraged to eat healthy food.\"This is part of experimental learning being promoted by Al-Ameen School in the city. \"We emphasize experimental learning as students get to see and learn. What you actually see and learn, you tend not to forget,\" said school principal Saroja Sahadevan. The school believes that this would also help to develop spoken English skills in students, as they are encouraged to speak about things that they see or people they meet.Besides improving spoken English skills, the school has introduced various activities. Children are asked to bring their toys to school and speak about them. Similarly, they are asked to talk about themselves, friends, family and teachers.Sometimes children are divided into groups and given a situation about which they have to speak. They are also trained to use polite language, the use of correct articles, and given innovative lessons in nouns, adjectives, pronouns, preposition, conjunction and adverbs employing the storytelling method.(Do you have an innovation in your school that is worth emulating? If so, mail us at timesreporters@gmail.com)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17457262", "title": "Astrology and vaastu picks help vendors make fortune at Book Fair", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Books on Jyotish (Astrology) and Vaastu have taken centrestage at the ongoing National Book Fair besides conventional reading material. Priced between Rs 10 and Rs 80, the books are finding many takers among all sections of the visitors.Books like 'Kaise Banayein Sukhi Sansar' and 'Sukhi Jeevan Ke Saral Upay' by local writers and publishers are attracting those interested in the subjects of astrology and vaastu shastra, opined a bookseller.Stating that yearning among book readers to study the effect of planetary position has given rise to demand for these books written in common man's language, said publisher and bookseller Rakesh Tiwari. \"It seems we are witnessing resurgence of the period when Homeopathic treatment had become a household name and everyone wanted to learn methods of treatment through books written in simple language and subsequently apply the knowledge. Jyotish and vaastu too have become a fad and reading about them is a healthy pastime for many and after gaining insight into the subject they want to apply the principles, ideas and remedies in their daily life.\"On the other hand, demand for classics has not reduced because writers like Munshi Pem Chand, Dharamvir Bharti , Chatursen Shastri, Agyeya are still popular and their work is much sought after. Among the young, Chetan Bhagat has emerged as the new icon of modern writing.A visitor at the fair, Divya Ganesh, said books on any subject are always welcome but if given a to choice he would definitely prefer old classics for the sheer element of pathos and drama depicted in them.Writer, astrologer and Vaastu expert Ashutosh Varshney said, \"Since it is not possible for everyone to seek answers on horoscope and vaastu, I have tried to present both subjects in books written in a simple style and language and at the same time kept them affordable.\" He added that apart from books he was also planning to organise a jyotish and vaastu camp for visitors in which experts would provide necessary guidance and support.The Times of India group has put up an impressive stall where books and magazines published by the group are up for display and sale. These include books for women and on celluloid, current affairs and entertainment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17456835", "title": "Tour de India: Thailand's Navuti wins Mumbai leg", "text": "MUMBAI: A shy and unassuming Navuti Liphongyu from Thailand scorched the scenic Bandra-Worli sea link circuit to sprint home a winner at the Mumbai leg of the Tour de India cycle race, on Sunday. The 21-year-old comfortably staved of a challenge from Kazakhstan's Panassenko Nikita and Germany's Pzzare Matthias who bagged the other two places on the podium.The 160 km race for elite internationals which took off after the mass participation ride and a race for children, saw the riders start from NSCI and proceed to the sea link where they covered the distance on loops before ending from where they began. \"I'm absolutely delighted to win in India. It's special because this is the first international win of my career,\" said the 21-year-old who began racing professionally at the age of 16. Likening the weather to that in Thailand, Navuti said acclimatising wasn't much of an issue. \"The circuit was beautiful but the paver blocks on the way back made things a little tough on my tires,\" said the rookie. While Navuti clocked 3:17.30, Matthias rolled in at 3:17.41.The Indian's in the fray put up an impressive show with Sarpreet Singh topping the timings with a 3:19.06 ride. Arvind Panvar and Harpreet Singh came 2nd and 3rd.Earlier in the day, the children's event was marred by pullouts mid-way through the race after worried parents refused to risk things owing to moving traffic on one side of the route. \"The whole route should have been off traffic limits considering there are little children riding. Watching the children navigate past moving cars was a bit daunting to watch,\" said a parent.The second leg of the TDI moves to the cool climes of Srinagar where riders will compete on December 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17456455", "title": "Signals at 3 spots to streamline traffic", "text": "AURANGABAD: The civic body has cleared the installation of the traffic signals at Gajanan Maharaj Mandir Chowk, Sootgirni Chowk and Mahanubhav Ashram. The installation of each signal will cost around Rs 8 lakh and the installation work will begin by the end of this week and will be completed by December-end.The city traffic unit has welcomed the move , but says much more needs to be done. After months of persuasion to install signals at as many as 22 points, the civic body has sanctioned signals at just three points. Speaking to TOI, Ajit Borade, assistant commissioner of police (traffic) said, \"Police commissioner Sanjay Kumar has sent a list of important points where it has become essential to install signals so as to streamline the traffic. We had requested the municipal corporation to provide signals at Harsul T point, Gajanan Maharaj Mandir, Sootgirni and Mahanubhav Ashram at the earliest. They have sanctioned three out of the four signals demanded, keeping our hopes alive. These three signals will help us to a great extent in streamlining the traffic on these busy roads, provided there are proper zebra crossings marked.\"Sikandar Ali, executive engineer and in charge of BOT projects, said, \"We appreciate the request of police commissioner Sanjay Kumar's related to the traffic infra in the city and the keenness of municipal commissioner Purushottam Bhapkar in fulfilling the demand to ease the traffic woes across the city.\"\"In the previous meeting held with Bhapkar and Kumar, they had assured them that all infrastructure facilities will be given to streamline the traffic in the city,\" added Ali.Of 29 signals, only 11 workingThe city has just 29 signals, out of which only 11 are working, while the remaining are non-functional for past many months. Many signals at important locations including, Jubilee Park, Mill Corner, Kranti Chowk and Chistiya colony chowk are laying defunct, causing traffic snarls on regular basis and many minor accidents that go unreported on daily basis. On May 2, 2012, police commissioner Sanjay Kumar had written a letter to the commissioner of the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) stressing the need to repair the defunct traffic signals.\"These defunct traffic signals lead to confusion among the vehicle riders causing traffic congestion and minor accidents at several junctions. You are requested to appoint an engineer to repair these signals on a priority. Also, there is a need to install traffic signals at 22 other locations in city,\" Kumar had said in the letter, copy of which is with the TOI.Defunct signals:(1) Annabhau Sathe Chowk (2) Jubilee Park (3) Mill Corner (4) Panchwati (5)Kranti Chowk (6) Kokanwadi (7) Gopal T(8) Mahatma Phule Statue, Aurangpura (9) Baburao Kale Chowk (10) N-1 chowk (11) TV Center (12)Hotel Ambasador Chowk (13) Chishtiya Chowk (14) Bajrang Chowk (15) Maharana Pratap Chowk, Pandharpur (16) More Chowk, Pandharpur (17) Nagar NakaWorking signals:(1) Kartiki Chowk (2) Baba petrol pump (3) Railway station (4) Session court (5) Amarpreet Chowk (6) Mondha Naka (7) Akashwani Chowk (8) Jalgaon T-point (9) Ramgiri Chowk (10) API Corner (11)Sharad T-point (12) Savarkar ChowkNew signals sought:(1) Sootgirni Chowk Cidco Division (2) Jawaharnagar Chowk (3) Deolai Chowk (4) Gajanan Maharaj Mandir (5) Ambedkar Chowk(6) SBOA School (7) Harsul T-point (8) Dhoot Hospital (9) Under Seven Hills flyover (10) Mukundwadi (11) Mahanubhav Ashram City Division (12) Shahnoormiyan Dargah (13) Roplekar Hospital (14) Sillekhana (15) Vivekanand College Chowk (16) Airport T-point (17) Sharad T-point, Cidco (18) Maulana Azad Chowk (19) IP Mess Chowk, Cidco (20) Chishtiya Chowk, Cidco (21) Central Zakat Naka (22) Milind College T-point\u00ef\u0081\u00b8 The city has just 29 signals, out of which only 11 are working, while the remaining are non-functional for past many months. Many signals at important locations including, Jubilee Park, Mill Corner, Kranti Chowk and Chistiya colony chowk are laying defunct, causing traffic snarls on regular basis and many minor accidents that go unreported on daily basis. On May 2, 2012, police commissioner Sanjay Kumar had written a letter to the commissioner of the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) stressing the need to repair the defunct traffic signals.\"These defunct traffic signals lead to confusion among the vehicle riders causing traffic congestion and minor accidents at several junctions. You are requested to appoint an engineer to repair these signals on a priority. Also, there is a need to install traffic signals at 22 other locations in city,\" Kumar had said in the letter, copy of which is with the TOI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17456956", "title": "Sukhdev Singh Namdhari reason for Ponty Chadha-brother feud: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police have for the first time come on record about what led to the bloodbath at Ponty Chadha's farmhouse on November 17. They said things turned bitter between the Chadha brothers ever since Ponty began to give a prominent role to sacked Uttarakhand minorities commission chief Sukhdev Singh Namdhari.The crime branch on Sunday told the court \u00e2\u20ac\u201d where Namdhari's police custody was extended for three days \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that Ponty had started making big land investments in Namdhari's name in places such as Haldwani, Rudrapur, Nainital and Bazpur, in Uttarakhand.\"These investments were made in the names of Namdhari, his relatives, Ponty and some of Ponty's relatives. Hardeep had been kept out of the deals,\" police said in their report to the court.Investigators increasingly believe that since Namdhari stood to benefit from either brother's death, he may have precipitated matters. \"Our findings strengthen the suspicion that Namdhari had vested interest in the elimination of brother. We are certain that the bullet fired by him hit Hardeep, however, we are yet to ascertain if he shot Ponty as well,\" an officer told TOI.The officer said Namdhari came under suspicion after he tried to hide his licenced pistol.The crime branch said it had booked Namdhari for destruction of evidence under section 201 of IPC as the probe had revealed that he \"definitely\" tampered with the pistol used in the crime.The cops said Namdhari intentionally killed Hardeep with his .30 bore pistol after which he handed over the weapon to his PSO Sachin Tyagi and Sonu, who in turn gave it to Satnam alias Satte, with specific instructions to cleanse and destroy the weapon. The crime branch sleuths have found in their investigations that Satnam fled to Amritsar after getting the weapon tampered with the help of a local mechanic, Jehangir. Cops have recovered the pistol and cartridges.Police sought five days' custody of Namdhari for interrogating him, arguing that they had identified seven of the accused who were on the run and raids needed to be conducted in Gurdaspur, Ludhiana and Amritsar. They also claimed to have recovered documents of land deals and the vehicles, an Innova and a Scorpio, used for fleeing Delhi after the shootout that killed Ponty and Hardeep.Police also told the court that eyewitness statements recorded during investigations were enough to book Namdhari for murder (Section 302 of IPC) and that circumstantial evidence pointed towards a planned conspiracy.Namdhari's PSO's Tyagi, associate Sonu, and his son Surinder may be booked for destruction of evidence, a police officer said. Cops said they had not decided what charges to book Tyagi under. He could possibly be turned into a police witness.Namdhari had told the police that his associates Hardayal Singh, Simranjeet Singh, Jasbir Singh, Balkar Singh and Baaj Singh were present at the farmhouse when the shootout took place. During Namdhari's remand period, cops will try to arrest these men and Jehangir, who they said was hiding in Punjab on Namdhari's instructions. Balwinder and Satnam Singh have already been arrested in the case.The cops have recovered several weapons including an AK 47 and two carbines which belonged to Hardeep's PSOs from the Tata 407 vehicle in which things from the farmhouse were to be taken away. The vehicle is in police custody.Cops are also planning to question people who Namdhari had called up after the shootout and those who spoke to Hardeep and Ponty on November 17. Some of them are high-profile people, including politicians from Delhi and Uttarakhand, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17457321", "title": "Newborn girl's body found in pit", "text": "JAIPUR: Barely a week after bodies of two infant girls were recovered in Jhunjhunu, another case of female infanticide has shocked the Shekhawati region. The body of an infant girl was recovered from a 10ft-deep pit in Jhunjhunu's Gudha area on Sunday. Police said that the girl had been dumped barely a few hours after her birth.An FIR has been registered against unknown persons, but the police are still groping in dark.According to SHO, Gudha, Kushal Singh, some villagers had spotted the girl lying in the pit near Nevali village in the morning. \"Someone had wrapped the girl in a piece of towel and thrown her in the pit. While the towel got stuck in a bush inside the pit, the girl fell to the bottom,\" said Singh.The officer said that the villagers informed the police following which the girl was taken to a hospital in Gudha. \"The girl was declared brought dead. The body's condition suggests that she had been born not more than six hours before her body was found,\" said the officer. Police suspect the delivery was non-institutional.The officer added the girl was buried after postmortem. \"We are awaiting the report, however, during our investigation on Sunday, we contacted every auxiliary nurse, private and government hospital and tried to find out about the women who could have delivered children over the past 24 hours and prepared a list of about 25 of them. However, nothing has come out of investigation so far,\" said the officer.The police are still clueless in the two cases of female infanticide in Jhunjhunu which took place on November 26. Bodies of two infant girls were recovered from two different locations in the town. Blood samples had been taken to prepare a DNA profile of the deceased girls. Two separate FIRs have been registered with the Kotwali police station.The police have gone through the standard methods of investigation in these two cases and said the police informers in the town's various areas have been alerted to identify the pregnant women who had delivered within 24 hours of the bodies' recovery. The officer added that records have also been seized from sonography centres and hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17456251", "title": "Mahesh Bhupathi says 2013 would be his last year on tour", "text": "KOLKATA: Indian doubles tennis ace Mahesh Bhupathi on Sunday said 2013 would be his last year on tour as he has retirement in mind.\"I've had a great career. I don't enjoy leaving my baby alone and going for tours so much. I am happy to call it a day,\" Bhupathi, who has a career Grand Slam in mixed doubles, said.In the city for a promotional programme, the 38-year-old said, \"I've had the opportunity to play alongside many great players...\"From Todd Woodbridge to Max Mirnyi to Leander Paes to Mary Pierce to Martina Hingis , it has been a great ride for me,\" he said.He also spoke about the Sachin Tendulkar and said the critics should leave the Little Master alone.\"He does not need to prove anything to anybody. He has scored 100 centuries. The people in the media writing about him have no idea. He will take the right decision at the right time,\" Bhupathi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17456359", "title": "Six Muslims in fray for Godhra seat, Cong worried", "text": "VADODARA: If two candidates from the minority community had ensured that Congress strongman Shankarsinh Vaghela was humbled by Prabhatsinh Chauhan in the 2009 parliamentary polls for the Panchmahal seat, the Congress may be facing a problem of plenty this time around. As many as six candidates from the community have filed nominations for Godhra this time around.The Congress was left stunned in the 2009 elections when Vaghela lost. Vaghela lost by a mere 2,081 votes even as Lok Janshakti Party (LJP) candidate Kalim Abdul Latif Sheikh polled 23,615 votes and Mukhtyar Mansuri nee Painter Lala from the little-known Akhil Bharatiya Manav Seva Dal (ABMSD) got 10,328 votes.This time around, the scare has returned to haunt the Congress in the assembly polls with six candidates from the minority community filing nominations. The candidates may eat into Congress votes once again even as the party denies this. Sources said attempts were being made to win over such candidates and ensure that they bow out of the contest.Mukhtyar has filed nomination again as an ABMSD candidate even as Shakilmiya Malek is in the fray from the LJP. Malek is the president of Panchmahal LJP and was the candidate who coordinated the poll campaign of Kalim Abdul Latif Sheikh. The Samajwadi Parti too has fielded Mustak Mansuri as a candidate from Godhra. The other minority candidates in the fray include independents Mustak Guniya, Sajid Sheikh and Inayat Pathan.Most in Godhra are predicting that the polls will be keenly contested and Prabhatsinh's son Pravinsinh Chauhan is expected to give sitting Congress MLA C K Raulji a tough time. The delimitation has ensured that certain pocket's or Congress dominance are left out even as those with BJP dominance are included. In the last assembly polls Raulji had defeated Prabhatsinh by a margin of 14, 501 votes.Panchmahal district Congress vice president Rafiq Tijoriwala said that non-serious candidates from the minority community would cause no damage. \"After the Lok Sabha polls, the electorate has become wiser and will not vote for such candidates. They have become alert and will avoid such persons,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17459099", "title": "Care trumps pills for peace of mind", "text": "CHENNAI: Government employee Sudheer Ramakrishnan, 37, was a stickler in many ways. He would step out of his house with a box containing precisely nine betel leaves and one painkiller. Those, he believed, relieved him of his frequent migraines.One day, on his way to work, he was shocked to find that he had only seven leaves in the box. He asked the bus driver to stop the vehicle but when the driver refused, he turned violent. \"Seven leaves instead of nine,\" he shouted.A psychiatrist diagnosed Ramakrishnan's problem as obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) and put him on medication which left him drowsy and weak. But Ramakrishnan recently discovered cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) when he visited a new psychiatrist. The doctor found that his frequent headaches were linked to panic attacks he had as a child in the dark.The psychiatrist put him through a series of goal-oriented and systematic procedures that rid Ramakrishnan of the connection with the 'dark' memory from his childhood. Ramakrishnan now goes to work without the betel leaves and painkiller.Welcome the new shrink, who does not prescribe medicines. A growing number of psychiatrists in the city are using CBT instead of drugs to cure psychological problems.Experts say the development will benefit mental healthcare because psychiatrists in the country have all but abandoned talk therapy, the form popularised by Sigmund Freud, and embraced multiple drug treatment. The drugs they prescribe include sedatives, antipsychotics and inhibitors of dopamine, a chemical that acts as the brain's neurotransmitter. The doctor spends much less time with each patient, and the medicines only stupify patients.On the other hand, say psychiatrists, CBT is a psychotherapeutic approach that addresses emotional stress and maladaptive behaviour without the ill-effects of drugs. \"It helps tone down aggressiveness, fight fears and depression,\" says Dr B S Virudhagiri Nathan, director of CARE Institute of Behavioral Sciences, Chennai.The therapy has been found to be effective for mood swings, psychotic disorders, phobias and attention deficit hyperactivity. \"Through conversation and interactive audio-visual tools, CBT specialists help patients think positively,\" says Dr Nathan, who runs a CBT training programme in the city in collaboration with University of Manchester.Psychologists say teachers, doctors and parents should be trained in CBT, which evolved since the 70s. \"The training helps when dealing with children who may have fears,\" says Dr Deborah McNally, acting director of Salford cognitive therapy training centre, University of Manchester.However, the city has few CBT specialists. \"Our focus should be to teach CBT to counsellors and psychologists, teachers and parents,\" says Dr S Karunanidhi, head of the department of psychology, Madras University.Nearly 7% of India's population suffers from some form of mental disorder, and doctors estimate more than 7 lakh people in Tamil Nadu require periodic psychiatric care.Latest cureWhat is CBT?Cognitive behaviour therapy focuses on SUBHEAD changing HERE illogical thought patterns that trigger mental disorderSymptoms of OCDObsessive compulsive disorder is an anxiety disorder characterised by unwanted thoughts and repetitive behaviors, which are often irrational. For example, repeatedly washing of hands fearing contamination, repeatedly checking if the doors are locked and being obsessed with order and symmetryWhat does the therapy entail?The therapist follows the 'ABC' pattern - activating event, beliefs about the event and consequences. The therapist traces the event that triggered the disorder and the client's immediate interpretation of the event, which can be rational or irrational. The train of thoughts and the behavioural disorder triggered by the event is also assessed by the therapist, who then strives to help the client challenge their thought patterns and beliefs through intensive counsellingSymptoms of behavioural disorders among childrenLack of concentration, fear of going to school, temper tantrums, hyperactivity, irrational fears, frequent defiance, low self-esteemSymptoms of depressionMood swings, irritability, loss of appetite, loss of weight, fatigue, absent-mindedness, lack of libido, sleeplessness, frustration, suicidal thoughts and magnifying vague physical pains", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17457964", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcBe honest as everyone wants a good man to win\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "PATNA: Just like in mathematics, the shortest distance between two points is a straight line. Being straight in life will take you to greater heights. No matter what anyone says, ethics and honesty will take you wherever you want to go. These were the words of wisdom shared by Union home secretary Raj Kumar Singh at the 55th annual day celebrations of St Michael's High School, Digha, on Sunday evening.A 1969 batch alumnus of the school, Singh said the institution played a very important role in shaping his life by keeping him grounded and giving the courage to stand by one's own conviction. \"There is lot of corruption and venality in society today. But everyone wants the good man to win,\" said Singh.The Michaelites presented a colourful programme that included fusion dance by the higher secondary students, welcome song by the school choir, 'Celebration of Numbers' drama that highlighted the importance of numerals in evolution and Christmas carols. Bob Dylan's 'Blowin' in the wind' was much applauded by the audience.Students who had excelled in academics or extracurricular activities were awarded by the dignitaries on the occasion. Sujeet Kumar of Class XII won the coveted 'Best Michaelite' award in the senior secondary section and earned special accolades from the school principal. Satya Prasakh of Class X bagged the same prize in the secondary school category. Teachers Donald Lawrence and Rosalin and staff member Dinesh Kumar were also recognized with special awards for completing 25 years with the institution. Delight was apparent on the faces of proud parents who were receiving trophies in appreciation of contributions of former students through various awards.NTPC chairman Arup Roy Choudhary, a 1972 batch alumnus, recalling his days at the SMHS said, \"The Old Boys Club of St Michael's in New Delhi is one of the strongest that any school can boast of.\" Choudhary fondly remembered Fr Murphy and Fr Cox and said, \"The basics that were taught at school are the base of what I am today.\"Rector of St Xavier's School, Delhi, and former principal of the SMHS, Fr P T Augustine graced the occasion as a special guest. Speaking on the occasion, Fr Peter Arockiasamy, SMHS principal, said, \"The past of the school was glorious and the future will be even better.\"The programme was efficiently hosted by Akanksha Mishra, Ananya, Monica, Md Sharzeel Nasir, Shaurya Pandey, Vivek Kaushal, Shabeel Hobaira and Arjun Chakraborty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17457175", "title": "Road to new terminal gets government nod", "text": "RANCHI: When the news of the defence ministry giving a no-objection certificate to the airport authority for construction of an approach road to the new terminal reached villages near Ranchi airport, relief was clear on their faces.While for the Airports Authority of India (AAI), sanction for the approach road means no roadblock to open the new terminal before the international cricket match in Ranchi, for 7,000-odd villagers it means end to decades-long ordeal.They took out a procession from Hetu village to celebrate the news.In absence of a proper road, villagers have to travel a long distance for hospitals. Even in cases of emergency, ambulance would refuse to come to the doorstep owing to lack of connectivity. Situation becomes the worst during monsoon. The approach road, the first asphalt road in the area, will solve this problem.The secretary of Airport Visthapit Sangarsh Samiti (AVSS) said the road is expected to change the villagers' lives. \"Due to bad road condition, there were occasions, especially during the rains when villagers could not get any ambulance or go beyond their villages. Now we expect that things will change,\" he said.The road will be open for transportation before December 31 connecting villages like Hetu, Hayataad, Karamtoli, Barkatoli, Tumbaguttu and Bhusur. AAI has decided to construct the road before the international match scheduled for January 19. The new terminal will be inaugurated after the road is constructed.AVSS secretary Anand Shankar Sahu said, \"The villagers' struggle is now successful. It is a kind of history that even as 7,000 villagers live in these villages, no road has been constructed for them, despite several promises made by local political leaders.\"Under the banner of AVSS, hundreds of villagers had gheraoed the Ranchi airport about two years ago and demanded that AAI construct a road that will connect the villages. The new airport terminal building at the airport is situated just 1km from this cluster of hamlets. \"We had demanded that the AAI extend its approach road to the new airport by 1km and thus connect our villages to the city by road,\" said Nand Kishore Sahu, vice president of AVSS.Soon after AAI began the construction of the road, a local unit of the Indian Army stalled the work claiming that the land belonged to them. \"An NOC has come from the defence ministry and work has begun,\" said an AAI official. BJP state vice president Deepak Prakash, who led Sunday's victory procession from Hetu village to the new airport, said, \"Now the face and fate of the villages will change for better.\" The approach road will also connect villages directly to the Ranchi-Tata highway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17461101", "title": "Thane corporation plans LRT in city", "text": "THANE: Municipal commissioner RA Rajeev's grand plans to flag-off a Light Rail Transport and a tramway has invited mixed response from Thaneites, with a section of here officialdom here insisting that the project would be a reality in the next couple of years.Rajeev said the LRT will be his priority and in the first phase the locomotive will be introduced from the Thane entry point at Anand Nagar on the eastern express highway up to Ovla village on the Ghodbunder road here. The 10 km LRT on this route will facilitate an alternate transport system in the city and will improve connectivity for lakhs of families residing in residential enclaves along the Ghodbunder road.Rajeev said a detailed project report on the LRT will be prepared soon and the new transport mode can be made available for Thaneites in 18 months time, provided the project meets the administrative, financial and political scrutiny as well, he said.It is estimated that the LRT's first phase would cost anywhere close to Rs 800 crores. The IAS officer said preliminary studies reveal that the costs calculated for the 10 km project is on the higher side vis-a-vis the income expected to be generated.He, however, assured that the TMC will also stake its own funds to the tune of Rs 160 crores for this project which would be the local civic body's funding plan to bridge the gap.Thaneites, however, are unsure if the project would ever take off given the costs involved while others said that the corporation's initiative is too little and much too late.It's a good idea and probably could have shown concrete results had it been taken up at least seven to eight years back. The authorities are struggling to complete work on the flyovers along the Ghodbunder road close to five years after work began. It is the main reason for the traffic snarls and serpentine queue and if they have not failed to sort out things and fasten the process of law for these bridges getting permissions for the LRT could take one year,'' said Sachin Salunke.Officials in the TMC, however, said that the corporation will be one of the first in the nation to introduce such system on the city roads and it will aggressively push for an effective and efficient transport system in Thane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457388", "title": "Forum: LIC denies claims on flimsy grounds", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Life Insurance Corporation of India has become one of the \"richest\" organizations in the country by rejecting rightful claims of insured under mediclaim policies on \"flimsy\" grounds, the Delhi State Consumer Commission has said.\"We have deprecated this practice of insurance companies of taking a flimsy clue or remote reference from the discharge summary or statement with a view to reject the rightful claim of the insured. It appears that this is how the respondent (LIC) has become one of the richest organizations in India,\" a bench presided by the commission's member Salma Noor said.The commission made the observation while directing LIC to pay Rs 24.2 lakh to the husband of a insurance policy holder who had died of infection after a surgery for removal of her uterus.The bench, also comprising V K Gupta, said LIC should realize that it \"survives and thrives\" on consumer and \"propensity to become unjustly rich by rejecting their claims\" is highly depreciable.LIC had rejected Delhi resident Yogesh Baisiwala's claim on the ground that his wife had concealed the fact that she had been a heart patient at the time of availing the insurance. It relied on an angiography undergone by the woman, prior to her obtaining the policy.The bench rejected the firm's contention saying the woman had died due to some infection, contracted subsequent to her surgery for uterus removal, and not of heart ailment. It also said an angiography is a test for ascertaining whether a person is suffering from any heart ailment and it is not a disease or a pre-existing problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "jhajjar", "code": "17457607", "title": "Rs 100cr spent on purchasing desks for government schools", "text": "JHAJJAR: The Haryana government has spent more than Rs 100 crore on purchasing dual desks for the government schools in the state.\"The dual desks would soon be supplied to the government schools in the state as an order for their purchase has already been placed,\" state education minister Geeta Bhukkal said.Bhukkal said that better facilities were being provided in the government schools under the Chief Minister School Beautification Incentive Awards Scheme. A plan has been prepared to provide computer education to the children through service providers, she said.The minister said that the Right to Education Act was being implemented effectively in the state and efforts were being made so that no child remains deprived of education.She also issued directions to the District Education Officers, District Elementary Education Officers and other concerned officers to regularly monitor functioning of schools in their jurisdiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17457926", "title": "Bihar leaders' Gujarat campaign may be a game changer", "text": "PATNA: Stumping by some senior Bihar BJP leaders for the party's candidates in Narendra Modi's Gujarat to mobilize Bihari migrant workers for the party candidates, not necessarily of the Bihari or the north Indian origin in the fray there, might prove a game changer. For, it is being assumed that it might force regional parties like Shiv Sena or Maharashtra Navnirman Sena to change their stance towards north Indian or Bihari migrant workers there, taking them as vested with 'electoral material' value.The state BJP leaders touring Gujarat are deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , ministers Ashwini Kumar Choubey and Giriraj Singh, as well as party's state general secretary Mangal Pandey and vice-president Lal Babu Prasad, MLCs, and Rameshwar Chaurasia, MLA, over and above around select 50 senior workers with expertise in electoral management.However, the Bihar BJP has still to make up its mind if the Gujarat CM would also campaign in Bihar during the 2014 parliamentary elections or 2015 assembly polls.\"Stumping by the Bihar BJP leaders in Gujarat and to think of Narendra Modi finally also campaigning in Bihar are not related. They are two different questions. The party's organisational leaders from Bihar are there to do electoral management in constituencies having significant number of Bihari migrant workers. It happens whenever there is assembly election in any state. All this is done at the advice of the party's central leadership,\" said a senior BJP minister.He, however, added that he was in no position to apprehend what the stance of the MNS would be towards the north Indian or Bihari migrant workers in Maharashtra. \"A woman relative of mine is a councillor in Mumbai on the Shiv Sena ticket,\" he said, adding, \"I cannot really say anything about MNS, because it is not in alliance with the BJP. The BJP also takes up programmes to uphold and promote pride of a state, but we refuse to be parochial.\"Social scientist and senior functionary of Asian Research Development Institute (ADRI), Shaibal Gupta said migrant workers bring about change in the stance of local political parties towards them only if their \"quantum is so large that they change electoral calculations in a substantive manner\".Gupta added, \"Maharashtra can go Delhi way. But, at present, I don't foresee any immediate change in the parochial politics of a few parties there. For, people in margins (migrant workers in a metropolis or any big city) remain engaged more with their livelihood than with any political agenda of a party. Delhi is an exception. Things changed in Delhi when migrants became political electoral material.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "17458695", "title": "A walk down the aisle of history", "text": "KENDRAPADA: The century-old Gadamadhapur royal palace in Jajpur's Dharmasala block is a perfect blend of Rajput and Mughal architectural styles with its intricately carved rooms and vibrant mosaic flooring.The royal palace exudes a beguiling serenity in its rustic ambience. The haunting silence of its empty interiors is broken by the sudden flutter of wings and cooing of pigeons. And yet the royal presence is all-pervading in the eerie corridors.The sprawling 104-year-old palace spread over 10-acre has survived the vagaries of time carrying forward its rich legacy of culture and tradition. The heirloom in wood, metal, stone, ivory and clay adorns the rooms lending them a classic look. The artifacts, which include objects from the 18th century, laid out at the central hall provide a window to the royal elegance in its full colour.\"Our ancestor, Udaya Karna Singh, had settled in Gadamadhupur in the 16th century. Our roots are in Rajasthan. My father, Raja Birabara Krushnaprasad, died six years ago and I was crowned the queen,\" said Aparna Bhir Singh Bharadwaj (31). She lives with her one-year-old daughter, princess Ridhika, in the palace.Married to a Delhi-based businessman, Aparna has done business management from Bangalore.\"The palace houses valuable artworks, most of which are in possession of the royal family, and many priceless documents and books. Also on display are portraits of kings, palanquins, dresses, weapons, royal umbrellas and canopies,\" said Aparna.A trip to the palace has you walk down the aisle of history and getting drenched in the splash of its culture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17457737", "title": "Prithviraj Chavan promises to revive sick district cooperative banks", "text": "PUNE: The government will give financial aid for revival of sick district cooperative banks in the state, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said here on sunday.Chavan was speaking at a programme organized by the state cooperation department to celebrate the 'International cooperation sector year.'\"There are 31 district cooperative banks in the Maharashtra. Out of that, 12 have been liquidated. Notices have been sent to six banks, which have poor financial condition and can go into liquidation if steps are not taken to improve their financial condition. The government is planning to fund these banks,\" Chavan said.There was a need to bring financial discipline in the cooperative sector. Sick cooperative organisations should try and find financial stability, the chief minister said.He added that the state government was working on a vision document for the cooperative sector. The document would outline the future initiatives of the state cooperation department.\"We are planning to expand the scope of the vision document and make it more elaborate and inclusive. We will also include departments such as agriculture and marketing in the vision document, along with state cooperation department, making available a comprehensive blue print for these three sectors,\" he said.During the occasion, governor K Shankar Narayanan conferred the state cooperation awards to 27 organizations for their contribution in the cooperation sector. This was the first of its kind of award instituted by the government.Cooperation minister Harshavardhan Patil, revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat and forest minister Patangrao Kadam also participated in the event.\"The 97th amendment to the Constitution, which has guidelines for new cooperation law, has suggested only two reservations for women and SC/ ST. But the state government, while drafting the state's version, has planned to provide reservation for other backward classes (OBCs),\" Patil said.He said that a committee of eight ministers is working on the OBC reservation. It will be presented before the assembly session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17458895", "title": "Wi-fi catches up on University of Mysore campus", "text": "MYSORE: The PG students of University of Mysore (UoM) are accessing the internet in a big way. Around 1,000 students have logged in to the new feature in the last three months.They access wi-fi while sitting in classroom, campus or at the hostel room 24X7 either on laptops or high-end gadgets. The facility is said to be benefitting research scholars and students as they can access digital library enriched with over 18,000 books. Teaching and non-teaching faculty have also enrolled for the service.UoM's information and communication division (ICD) has introduced the network on its 80-acre campus through a 100-foot tower with carrier-class wave using multi-input and multi-output technology (MIMO).\"The project, funded under Institution of Excellence Scheme by University Grants Commission, required Rs 64 lakh for installation,\" said G Hemanth Kumar, professor and chairman, department of studies in computer sciences.The service has benefitted many students by saving their time by enabling them to refer to books online. Science students form the major chunk, followed by those studying commerce and arts.Wi-fi can be accessed by 1,500 concurrent users at a time, he said, adding that around 3,000 users can avail the facility. Hemanth said more students will enroll in future as the government has rolled out low-cost Aakash tablets.Speaking on security, he said UoM campus has many students from Middle East and Africa. \"So the department has taken many measures to ensure safety. However, each session of individuals will be monitored,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17458528", "title": "Dengue rising in urban Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Even as rural Madurai is breathing a sigh of relief due to decline in the number of dengue cases, there has been an increase of dengue incidence in the urban limits indicating the spread of the disease to the city.Over the past week, there were 20 dengue positive cases reported from the city everyday, at a time when dengue appears to subside in Melur that had emerged as the hotbed of the disease. The increasing positive cases from the corporation have become a cause of concern for the health officials.On Sunday, the total number of dengue positive patients, who are being treated at the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH), Madurai was 72. While 15 of them are from districts like Sivaganga and Virudhunagar, 27 patients are from the corporation limits, especially from the newly-annexed wards. From Melur alone, 30 dengue patients had come, but this number was far less compared to the past when much more men report with dengue from the rural area.T Swaminathan, medical superintendent, GRH said the number of dengue positive case as on November 1 at the hospital was 217. \"Most of them now under treatment are from Melur. But the number has been gradually reducing. Now, very less new cases are reported from Melur,\" he said.On the contrary, the average number of patients from the city corporation area was 25 in the past week, which is a steep rise. Only 10 days back, the number was less than five. Around 15 new dengue positive cases are reported everyday from the corporation limits. Although the cases are not reported from a particular area, this may lead to a dengue outbreak in the corporation area too, said a health department staff.Sellur, Solaialagupuram, K Pudhur, Jaihindpuram, Palanganatham, Avaniyapuram, Villapuram and Koodalnagar are the areas where the dengue positive cases are reported.When contacted, Priya Raj, city health officer (in-charge) said that 10 to 15 cases of dengue were reported from the newly-annexed areas of the corporation. We have intensified the preventive measures. Few days back, there were 10 medical teams carried out the measures. At present there are 25 such teams are deployed to work at 100 wards. Each ward would be covered in the interval of six days, she said.\"Bibikulam, Thathaneri and Kochadai are the places were dengue cases reported few weeks ago. No new dengue cases are reported from the areas due to out intensive measures. Similarly, in another few days, we can bring the number of dengue cases reported from the corporation limits, to nil,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17456947", "title": "Now, Rashtriya Lok Dal demands high court bench in Meerut", "text": "LUCKNOW: After demanding an airport in Mathura, the Rashtriya Lok Dal now wants a bench of the Allahabad High Court in Meerut, which happens to lie geographically in the centre of the western Uttar Pradesh.The demand is likely to be raised by RLD national general secretary and Ajit Singh's son, Jayant Chaudhary in parliament in the coming week, after which the party will be sending a written demand not only to the Union law minister Ashwini Kumar, but also UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav for allocation of land in the region.RLD sources said that Ajit Singh has already met the law minister and apprised him about the long pending demand of lawyers in the region. At the same time, lawyers are also gearing up to hold a convention on December 5 in Muzzaffarnagar, where they would be handing a representation to the RLD chief. This is the first time that the demand has been pitched in so strongly by the lawyers of the west UP.\"The demand has been there for quite some time. Ironically, none of the state governments have been able to address it,'' said RLD state president, Munna Singh Chauhan, while speaking to TOI on Sunday. Chauhan said that of late lawyers have started boycotting the local courts every Saturday as a mark of protest.\"While there has been even distribution of high court benches in other states, it has not been the case with Uttar Pradesh. So, people of west UP have to travel all the way either to Lucknow or Allahabad to get their cases heard in the courts,\" Chauhan said. The RLD state president claimed at the times, the people of west UP are being harassed in the two cities given their peculiar dialect and their somewhat cultural differences.The region had at times witnessed a sharp rise in crime graph. Recently Bulandshahr witnessed the infamous killing of Abdul Hakim who was shot dead allegedly by the family members of his wife Mehwish on November 22, after she opposed Khap panchayat on 'Satyamev Jayate', the show hosted by cine star, Amir Khan .The region has also seen an ever rising number of criminal cases pending in the high court. \"In fact, some cases have been pending for over 15 years,\" Chauhan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17457859", "title": "NREGA ki pathshala makes labourers study at work", "text": "JODHPUR: Has MGNREGA got to do anything with rural literacy? The ground reality: No. But incorporating literacy as an experiment has shown planners that instead of individual schemes, dovetailing them can bring positive results.The pathshala that began in Jhalawar in Rajasthan this year, worked wonders for MGNREGA workers, who turned literate while tilling the land. The best part of the whole exercise was that they were eager to learn.Close to 18,000 NREGA labourers are now literate. After a course period of 50 days, 60% students attained 'A' grade (60% and above marks) in two tests conducted on March 26 and July 18.\"Ninety per cent of these labourers are women. In fact, women constitute the main workforce in NREGA,\" said then district collector of Jhalawar, Rohit Gupta, who started the initiative.How did this idea strike him? \"After witnessing that adults who had to work hard to make both ends meet, and had no scope or extra time for education, I thought of seeking NREGA's assistance in the process,\" he said. \"I wondered that there is a large chunk of villagers on the MNREGA work sites and almost all of them were illiterate. I sensed an opportunity here and decided to hold literacy classes on the work site itself during their time\", Gupta added.Work site in Rijhon grampanchayat was chosen for this model project. \"We converted a concrete wall into a \"blackboard\" and also roped in the sarpanch to motivate the workers to attend classes,\" he added.Study material based upon basic mathematics and introduction to Hindi alphabets and word formation was made available to the \"students\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17457629", "title": "Delhi HC boosts hopes for Bus Rapid Transit System", "text": "PUNE: The Delhi high court's recent judgment in favour of the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) has come as a relief for the Pune's civic administration which is faced with stiff opposition in implementing the project here.Dismissing the writ petition against the BRTS in New Delhi, the division bench of Justice Pradeep Nandrajog and Justice Manmohan Singh highlighted the mobility crisis and upheld the guiding principles for sustainable transportation.\"Political parties are opposing extension of the BRTS in the city. The BRTS project was supposed to be completed by March this year. In January 2011, the civic standing committee approved a proposal to implement the BRTS on 27 more roads at a cost of Rs 98 crore. But the project has not made any progress. Now, with the HC judgment, we could push for the implementation of the project,\" said a senior PMC official.Last year, the PMC decided to implement the BRTS on Tilak, Bajirao, Shivaji, FC and JM roads. The plan was to implement the BRTS in the first phase on roads which have been widened to 36 metres. Such roads will have dedicated BRTS while those which cannot be widened up to 36 metres will have mixed BRTS. However, the administration halted the project following stringent opposition from politicians across party lines. They argued that the PMC has failed to implement the pilot project successfully and there was no guarantee of success of the BRTS in Pune. Political parties, including the ruling NCP-Congress alliance, and the opposition - the BJP, Shiv Sena and the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena - are parroting the popular view that the BRTS would be disastrous considering the volume of city traffic. All parties contended that the BRTS will add to more traffic congestion on already choked roads.The Delhi HC has exactly addressed this point of view. \"Even if we were to accept the argument that as of today, with the implementation of a BRT corridor some inconvenience is being caused, across the board, to everybody, we have to keep in mind that planning is always long term and the fruits of the labour and sweat invested today may not be in the immediate near and may be in the distant past,\" states the judgment. There is no scope to expand the width of the existing roads and the population will continue to increase. There is \"no escape\" from using public transport, the judgment adds.\"Nobody likes to eat bitter things or be pricked with a needle. But when sick, bitter medicine has to be consumed or an injection needs to be administered. A person may become sick when a particular body organ is overstressed. Similar is the situation of a city. It becomes sick if any system is over-choked. If roads get over-choked, there is bound to be traffic congestion and air pollution as also individuals getting stressed while either idling or moving slowly in cars. They must then realize that it is their compulsion to consume the medicine, which may be bitter, ie, use public transport for the reason this is the only long term solution to their problem,\" the judgment adds.The court has also observed that the funds for the BRTS, allocated under the Jawaharlal Nehru National urban Mission (JNNURM), were used for expansion of roads, flyovers and parking projects. \"What does it reveal? Cars, cars and cars, and nothing else. And yet the roads are bursting on the seams. It could well be argued that when more than 50% of the road passengers travel by buses it would be illogical and irrational to spend 98% of the grants under the JNNURM with the targeted beneficiary being cars.\"Civic activists in Pune have repeatedly alleged \"misuse\" of JNNURM funds for road expansion. Maj Gen S C N Jatar (retd) of Nagrik Chetana Manch has brought to the notice of the state and the PMC that the pilot project in Pune has failed because it lacked planning. Jatar alleged that there was unauthorized reappropriation the BRTS funds towards road construction.The BRTS pilot project was launched on December 3, 2006 by then Union minister for urban development Jaipal Reddy. Ten air-conditioned Volvo buses were flagged off on the 6.5-km Swargate-Katraj stretch. However, days after the inauguration, the project drew flak from experts and citizens because of a series of accidents on the route, some fatal. Today, the PMC is constructing a flyover on the pilot BRTS route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17457944", "title": "Motihari residents launch website to save George Orwell\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s house", "text": "PATNA: Fed up with assurances that have made little difference, residents of Motihari town in Bihar, birth place of legendary British author George Orwell, have gone online seeking support for the conservation of the house the author was born in.\"In a bid to mobilize support for the conservation of the birthplace of George Orwell, we have launched a new initiative online to inform people and offer those interested a platform to know more about the ground reality,\" Debapriya Mukherjee, a senior Rotarian in Motihari, told IANS on Sunday.Mukherjee said Rotary Motihari Lake Town has launched a website on the birthplace of George Orwell. After being neglected for decades, the website may aid efforts to conserve Orwell's birthplace, Mukherjee said.According to him, the ancestral house of Orwell now lies dilapidated and stray cattle graze on its premises. Another local resident, Somnath Singh said it was unfortunate that despite state government's declaration of the house as a protected site a few years ago, nothing had changed. \"The house is in poor shape. It may collapse if not renovated,\" Singh said. Earlier this year, the state government announced that it would prepare a blueprint to turn the crumbling single-storey house in East Champaran's Motihari town, about 300 km from here, into a museum. Orwell is the cult author of classics such as 'Animal Farm' and '1984'. Successive governments have done little to capitalise on the tourism potential of house in which the author was born. Two years ago, the state government had issued a notification declaring the building a protected site. The notification for its protection had been issued under the provisions of the Ancient Monuments (Protection) Act, 1976.According to district officials, Orwell's birthplace was mainly targeted by encroachers, who have been damaging it. Orwell was born in 1903 at Motihari. His father, Richard Blair, worked as an agent of the opium department of the Indian Civil Service during British rule. The house has been lying neglected for decades, and now serves as a shelter for stray animals. At present, there is nothing to tell visitors that this modest two-room house was where Orwell spent the first few months of his life, tended to by his mother, Ida, and an Indian maid. Orwell and his mother left for Britain soon afterwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17458766", "title": "Medicos threaten strike over attack on physician", "text": "VARANASI: Medical practitioners associated with Varanasi unit of Indian Medical Association (IMA) on Sunday threatened to go on strike in case the police fail to workout the case of firing at physician VP Singh.Singh was attacked on Friday night near Mahavir Mandir in Orderly Bazar area under Cantonment police station when he was returning home in his car after closing his clinic. Singh was rushed to a private hospital in Maldahiya area where his condition was improving.As Singh denied enmity with anyone and made it clear that he never received any call for extortion, the cops were unable to deduce the motive behind the attack. It was suspected that Singh was either attacked due to mistaken identity or someone's enmity with his driver or other staff.On the other hand, angered by the failure of police in working out the case, IMA office bearers and members held a meeting and met SSP BD Paulson with their demands on Saturday.Later in the evening, they also took out a candle march. On Sunday, they staged a sit-in stir in IMA building where they expressed concern over the alleged inaction of police in the case.The unit president Sanjay Rai and general secretary Alok C Bhardwaj informed the members that a delegation had also met chief minister Akhilesh Yadav when he visited Isopur village on Sunday morning.They said the CM asked the medical practitioners to give 48 hours' time to police to workout the case.In view of this assurance, they said, the association had decided to wait till Monday evening before deciding further course of action.The speakers said they would continue their sit-in agitation even on Monday. They hinted that in the case of delay in arrest of culprits, they may go on strike from Tuesday. UP minister Surendra Patel also visited IMA campus to meet the medical practitioners and appealed to them to show patience as the police were trying their best to workout the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17457592", "title": "Agriculture Produce Marketing Committee agents\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 strike enters second day", "text": "PUNE: Vegetable and fruit supply commission agents continued their strike here for the second day on Sunday. Though this did not affect retail prices, market sources said that prices may increase on Monday as supply of vegetables and fruits will be less.However, farmers who sold their produce directly at the Agriculture Produce Marketing Committee (APMC) benefitted as they did not have to bear the agents' commissions and other expenses.The city wholesale market receives 32 tonne vegetables, fruit vegetables and fruits every day from various parts of the country. On Sunday, however, the market received only 3.5 tonne of agriculture produce, a report prepared by the APMC administration said.Though many canteen operators, hotels and restaurants have stocked the produce for their requirement, they will face a shortage over the next few days, a commission agent at the APMC said.The agents at APMC have called an indefinite strike to oppose the state marketing department's decision to bring down commission rates to 6% for all trades. The decision has benefitted many agents across the state, who were charging less commission earlier.However, city-based commission agents were charging from 6% to 10% on various commodities.Supply of produce like potato, onion, and cabbage, which the city market gets from long distance areas, will be affected, market sources said.The APMC administration, in a bid to maintain smooth supply of vegetables and fruits since early morning, ensured that the produce was loaded properly and sold to customers, mainly bulk buyers and vendors.Ganesh Korde a farmer from Junnar, said, \"A group of farmers from Junnar supplies vegetables to the Pune market regularly. Apart from the 6% commission for agents, we have to bear other expenses such as weighing, cess and loading and unloading charges. We were spared several such expenses on Sunday, as we did most of the things ourselves and sold the produce directly to buyers.\"Smita Kendre, a consumer, said, \"Vegetable prices are already high. I am concerned prices will shoot up further due to the strike. The state government should intervene and avoid overcharging by retailers.\"Former APMC chairman Vilas Bhujbal said, \"A lot of cash transactions are involved in the wholesale market and for that we need a sound income. Bringing down our commission will make it difficult for us to run this business. We have to pay money from our pockets to farmers, procure their produce and wait for buyers to purchase the goods. We need financial support in such uncertain situations. The state government's decision is not practical and we will continue to oppose it.\"Retail markets like Mahatma Phule Mandai and Deep Bungalow chowk and Deccan Gymkhana markets were not affected on Sunday, as it was only the second day of the strike. However, the consequences of shortage of supply would be felt from Tuesday, said a vendor in the Mahatma Phule Mandai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17459090", "title": "Suspended SRFTI students leave hostel", "text": "KOLKATA: Eight SRFTI students, who were suspended on charges of ragging last Thursday, finally left the hostel on Sunday. The remaining two, however, continued to occupy their rooms, prompting the authorities to contemplate an FIR against them.None of the youngsters, who have also been academically suspended, albeit temporarily, were asked to vacate their rooms by the authorities, alleged a section of faculty members. It has also been alleged that the suspended students parted on campus late on Saturday evening. Even though the SRFTI had threatened to lodge an FIR against the guilty students last Friday, it was yet to be filed.While six of the students had left the hostel on Sunday afternoon, two left late in the evening. \"We were contemplating FIR against the two, who were late in leaving the hostel,\" If the remaining two students don't leave the hostel by Sunday night, we will lodge an FIR on Monday,\"said registrar Dipankar Mukherjee. Around 18 freshers were ragged at the hostel by a large group of senior students for three consecutive nights from November 26. They were made to stand on the terrace from 11pm to seven the next morning, abused and heckled. One of the four girl students, who were ragged, called Mukherjee on the midnight of November 28 and told him about the incident. She told him that though she had managed to escape the ragging on the second night, the seniors had threatened not to release the other three girls till she joined the 'session' at the hostel.Two of the suspended students were habitual offenders under a \"misconduct probation\", according to a faculty member. \"Several complaints have been lodged against these two boys, both of whom are from Mumbai. Yet, no action has ever been taken against them. The fact that they had initially refused to leave the hostel and are nonchalant about the disciplinary action which the authorities have threatened to initiate proves that they enjoy the latter's support. We fear that the inquiry, which is now on, will be an eyewash to let these students go scot-free,\" said the faculty. He named Ryan D' Mello and Shaharbin Aboobacar as the two students who were habitual offenders on campus. \"But strangely, the authorities have been very lenient about them and they know it,\" he added.Registrar Mukherjee admitted that two of the students had been stripped of their studentship for breach of discipline. They were later reinstated under a high court order but have been on probation ever since. \"They have requested us not to link this allegation to the previous offence. Now, it is up to the inquiry committee members to take a call,\" said Mukherjee.Though the complaint, filed by the freshers, mention that they were not physically abused, the account of the girl student who raised an alarm was \"shocking\". A senior teacher said she has mentioned in a letter to the SRFTI that the seniors hurled filthy abuses at her and her batchmates for hours through the night and threatened to sexually assault them and their family members. \"They kept puffing cigarette smoke into their eyes, abused and threatened them. The abuses were sexual in nature. If this is not a sexual assault, then what is it?\" asked the teacher.The teacher also said it was mandatory to lodge an FIR once a ragging complaint has been filed. But it was not done. The SRFTI authorities said the party attended by seniors on Saturday had been thrown by the freshers. \"The juniors were obviously keen to clear the air, so they had organized it. But barring a few, none of the seniors joined the party so it fizzled out before midnight,\" said Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457707", "title": "NIA puzzled as Malegaon blast witness flip-flops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Key witness and approver in the 2006 Malegaon blast case Abrar Ahmed's contention that he was pressurized by Maharashtra ATS to take names of the Muslim accused in the case, has ironically become a roadblock in National Investigation Agency's (NIA) probe of the case.Post-Swami Aseemanand's confession of a Hindu hand behind the blast, the NIA was investigating how the nine Muslim men arrested by Maharashtra ATS came to be implicated in the case. NIA had hoped to reach the source of the information that put the nine men behind bars through Abrar. But with him maintaining the present stance, that lead is lost.\"That aspect of the case is crucial to the investigation. However, now Abrar is putting the entire blame on ATS, alleging a large conspiracy to implicate Muslim men in which even Lt Col Prasad Purohit was involved,\" said an NIA officer.NIA is not ready to fully buy Abrar's argument which he has made as part of an affidavit to court and also an interview to a news magazine. Sources said during NIA's interrogation after his interview, Abrar denied having ever met Purohit.\"Also his ATS pressure theory does not seem entirely true. As per our investigation, ATS bought into his information after some confirmation from its own side. That is why it is important to know what was the source of his information and why he is making this statement now,\" said the officer.In an interview to a news magazine, Abrar claimed that he implicated the nine men under pressure from ATS and had later met Purohit who asked him to maintain the ATS line. Purohit, who was in military intelligence at the time of the blast, had even generated an input after the blast naming Noorul Huda, the main accused later arrested by ATS.NIA, which has interrogated Purohit on this, said he told them that he generated the input through interpolation of facts and not based on any genuine information. \"It is also possible that he got to know of the ATS line of investigation and generated the input as an alibi just as he did in the case of 2008 Malegaon blast when he generated a similar input about Pragya Singh Thakur. However, it is equally possible that he deliberately misled the investigation (he was in regular touch with ATS those days) and ATS goofed up,\" said the officer.Interestingly, though, NIA has as yet not given a clean chit to the nine men arrested by Maharashtra ATS. \"We have two versions of an incident and both are equally compelling. While ATS has backed its case with forensic evidence, Aseemanand's confession in light of 2008 Malegaon blast case cannot be ignored. But until we get some evidence prove one of these right or wrong, everyone is a suspect,\" said the officer.Aseemanand had earlier made two statements in which he said that there was a plan to use Muslim men to plant bombs in Muslim dominated areas. NIA is investigating this angle too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17461965", "title": "Mahesh back with Sithan", "text": "Mahesh, who impressed critics and cine-goers with his performance in Vasanthabalan's Angaadi Theru in 2010, is back with a new film titled Sithan directed by Duraivanan, who has also penned the script. Duraivanan, who has worked under reputed directors such as Ameer and Sasikumar, turns director with Sithan which has Niranjana debuting as the heroine opposite Mahesh.The movie is about a typical middle-class graduate who is in search of a suitable job and is liked by the people in the community. Niranjana, who plays Shalini, is a resident in the nearby locality who falls in love with Mahesh who refuses to accept her love for some reason but finally falls for her charms. They separate after some time and the rest of the film is all about how he wins back the confidence of his people and gets married to his ladylove.Satish Chakravarthy has scored the music for ' Sithan' and the cinematography is by Babu. Gangai Amaren, Yugabarathi and Arivumathi have penned the lyrics. Raja Mohammed is the film's editor while Shivashankar is the dance choreographer.Mahesh was not as lucky as his ' Angaadi Theru ' heroine Anjali, who went on to bag many offers and established herself as one of the frontline actresses in Kollywood. The young actor is having his fingers crossed that the film turns out the way he expects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17456635", "title": "They symbolize triumph of will over adversity", "text": "BANGALORE: A deformed left foot owing to polio did not deter Hosanagara Nagarajegowda Girisha, 24, from proving his mettle at the London Paralympic Games in September this year. The silver medal in the F-42 category came as an apt reward for all the hard work Girish put in during training at the Sports Authority of India, South Centre.Having participated with able-bodied athletes in various district- and state-level meets until the university level, Girisha realized there was a separate category called para games in which he could excel. Soon medals followed at national and international meets before he won a bronze medal at the IWAS Games in Bangalore three years ago. A jump of 1.65m at a Kuwait meet earlier this year fetched him a berth at the Paralympic Games. The rest is history.Girisha's efforts haven't come without their share of problems. Struggling to make ends meet despite being employed with a bank, the farm worker's son found himself without a job earlier this year after his employers said they wouldn't be able to relieve him for long periods for training.The Paralympics silver catapulted him to instant fame with cash awards and job offers, including that of an officer at SAI, being showered on him. \"Next year the world IPC Games will be held in Paris and I want to win the gold there.\"Dr G N Sangeetha, Women's studies scholar Dr GN Sangeetha, 39, was just 7 when she lost her eyesight due to brain tumor. Thankfully, her cornea is intact and she has pledged to donate her eyes so at least two persons can see the world. Today, she guides and inspires many like her by sharing her experience with them.A fighter by nature, Sangeetha never lost her confidence and will power. She went on to do her MA in women studies and then a PhD. In fact, she is the first visually challenged woman in the state to be awarded a doctorate.Sangeetha completed her graduation and post-graduation from NMKRV College for Women. She now works with the Women's studies department of the same college.\"One thing I want to tell all the differently abled people is to accept their physical imparity with courage. A person with physical disability must learn to plan his/her life. If you have the support of your family and well wishers, it is not very difficult to live in this world with disability. We must know our limitations and our talent, then no disability can let us down,\" she says.Sumanth Vasuki, Future manager Sumanth Vasuki, 27, is about to complete his MBA in General Management from IIM-Indore in March 2013. For hundreds of youths in India who wish to get this prestigious degree on their resume, Sumanth is an inspiration, because he is a 'special child', a patient of cerebral palsy.\"I am lucky to have a strong family support. My parents, grandparents and uncles are always there to support me. Once I complete my MBA, I want to start my own business and also a school for special children to create awareness about cerebral palsy ,\" he says.As a child, Sumanth had several physical limitations. \"I faced difficulties in writing and walking. Writing every exam was a mammoth task for me, but with my father's help I overcame those difficulties. I have also overcome my walking difficulties with the help of exercise,\" he recalls.Sumanth recently went to the Himalayas. \"I have always believed that if you overcome your weakness, you can achieve any goal. My parents have taught me to turn my weakness into my strength and with their support and my hard work I am fulfilling my dream of doing MBA.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17458820", "title": "Health minister suspends surgeon of Ursula Hospital", "text": "KANPUR: Health minister Ahmed Hasan's sudden visit to Ursula Horsman Hospital on Sunday revealed the sorry state of affairs in the biggest hospital. The minister also suspended a surgeon in response to the complaints made by the patients.Surgeon Prashant Mishra was suspended by the minister. He also constituted a team to investigate the complaints made by the patients against Dr Joginder Singh.Though the minister was scheduled to visit Merchants' Chamber hall only but he decided to go to UHM on Sunday. He received a large number of complaints from the patients against the casual approach of the authorities.There was no doctor present in the hospital. Newly appointed chief medical superintendent, Dr Amit Ghosh, accompanied the minister but was not able to save the hospital staff.A furious minister pulled up a senior physician at the hospital for being irregular. Hasan also met the patient individually and asked them about their problems and treatment.A patient complained about doctors being irregular while another patient complained that nurses do not pay heed to their requests.Hasan warned the doctors and hospital staff of punishment and suspension for remaining absent for more than three days without prior notice.\"The government is spending so much on the healthcare facilities. I was shocked to see the poor state of affairs at the hospital. There was no doctor and the patients were denied treatment,\" said Hasan.Chief medical officer RP Yadav said that a patient had complained against Dr Prashant Mishra, a surgeon at UHM for demanding money.\"The minister suspended Dr Mishra for demanding money from the patient for operation. The minister had also constituted a committee to find out the seriousness of the allegations made by the patients against Dr Joginder Singh,\" CMO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17457170", "title": "Teachers to protest delay in implementation", "text": "RANCHI: Members of the Jharkhand Rajay Vishwavidyalay Shikshak Sangharsh Samiti have decided to wear black badges and protest against the non-implementation of the cabinet's decision to increase the retirement age of university teachers. The retirement age of the university teachers was increased from 62 to 65 years by the cabient on October 26, but the till date it has not been implemented.The result of the delay hampers studies in many departments in Ranchi University as there is no one to take classes after many teachers retired last month. Samiti convener K B Prasad, who was also a former education minister of Bihar , said the state HRD department was sitting on the file which was not acceptable.\"It also appears that the government is not serious about our demands which already has got nod from the cabinet. If not implemented, we will protest by wearing black badges and stage a demonstration in front of the university,\" Prasad said adding that the protest date would be announced soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17457011", "title": "Cop, home guard held for extortion", "text": "CHENNAI: A sub inspector and a home guard were arrested on charges of extorting 50,000 from a businessman in Pallikaranai on Saturday night.Police said Shankar, a sub inspector attached to Pallikaranai police station, was on patrol duty when he saw a man parking his car near Medavakkam.The man, who runs a business in Kodambakkam, was returning home after dropping his friends in Andhra Pradesh. When he was attending to nature's call, the policeman, along with a home guard, questioned him about parking his car in a dark place.They reportedly found his girlfriend in the car and questioned the two of them. When they found out that the businessman was married, they allegedly demanded money from him and said they would not take him to the police station if he paid up. The businessman did not have the cash, so they took him to an ATM and made him withdraw 50,000.The businessman later took up the matter with senior officers in the police department, who ordered a departmental probe.Initially, the businessman thought the policeman was an impersonator and alerted the first patrol vehicle that he saw.Sources in the police department said that the sub-inspector allegedly filmed the couple on his mobile phone so that he could blackmail them.During the departmental enquiry, the sub-inspector confessed and the police returned the money to the businessman.Pallikaranai police registered a case under Section 387 (putting a person in fear of death or of grievous hurt in order to commit extortion) of the Indian Penal Code and arrested the sub-inspector and home guard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17460999", "title": "No one is a prop in films: Asin", "text": "Asin's new film 'Khiladi 786', co-starring Akshay Kumar , will hit the screens on December 7. This is her second film with the star and looks like the actress shares a comfortable rapport with Akshay. Asin says it is unfair to call anyone, let alone a heroine, a prop in a male-oriented film. She says whatever the role may be, a heroine plays a part only she can essay in a movie.She is playing the role of a Marathi girl in the film. The southern actress feels nobody is a prop in a film. You need a female protagonist and only the heroine can do the role and that it is not very fair to call anybody a prop.After making her mark in the southern film industry, Asin made her Bollywood debut with ' Ghajini ' in 2008. Since then, she has been a part of many successful films like ' Ready ', ' Bol Bachchan ' and ' Housefull 2 '.Mostly all her Hindi films have generated success at the box office success. But she laughs it off and says her presence in a movie doesn't guarantee its success. She seems to be satisfied with the roles which she has got and understands that it is not easy to come from south to the north.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "17457112", "title": "5 thieves nabbed, one hides in Ramgarh coal mine; search on", "text": "RAMGARH: Police on Sunday nabbed five thieves inside an underground coal mine in Barka-Sayal area of Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) under Bhurkunda police station of the district. However, one of the thieves managed to hide himself in the mine.Sources said police started a search operation inside coal mines to nab the thieves but could not get success till late in the evening.Officer-in-charge of Bhurkunda police station S N Singh said, \"Police have started search operation with the help of underground coalmine officials who have better idea about the junction of tunnel shaped underground coal mine carrying cap lamp on heads used by the miners. Police with the help of miners are trying to search the thief. We have sealed both entry and exit points of the mine.\"He added a gang of mine thieves were seen entering the underground coal mine in the morning. Immediately after receiving the information, police reached the mines and started a search operation with the help of mine officials. Five thieves were nabbed by the police force. \"We are waiting for him to come out because if he stays inside the mine for long he will die,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "17459171", "title": "Three power units set to go online soon", "text": "SALEM: The power situation in Tamil Nadu looked up on Sunday with the additional 600MW fifth unit of the Mettur Thermal Power Station (MTPS) generating 480MW during a trial run. This partly offset the current electricity deficit in the state of more than 4,000MW. The trial run follows a review meeting chaired by chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Thursday and directive issued by her to expedite work on three power projects.A top official from MTPS said that the new unit would be commissioned \"most probably either in the last week of March or in the first week of April\".Theunitwhichshould have been commissioned in September last, is in addition totheexisting 4X210MW units of MTPS,theofficialsaid.The official said the furnace unit of MTPS would be 'lighted' on a trial basis using oil to make it run smoothly. \"Later, we will feed coal for regular power generation. Already we are able to generate maximum power in MPTS during the test run,\" he said. The new thermal unit station has coal stock of more than two lakh tonnes, an engineer said. The new unit commissioned under Stage III works of MTPS has been built at a costof about 3,550crore.The environment ministry has recently cleared the NorthChennaiThermalPower Extension Project (2x600MW) as a specialcaseto help Tamil Nadu tide over the power crisis. Chief minister Jayalalithaa has also directed thatworkbespeededup on the Vallur Thermal Power Project, a joint venture of TNEB and the NTPC to generate 3x500MW.The first unit of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project is expected to attain criticality soon. Minister of state in the Prime Minister's office V Narayanasamy has said that power generation would commence with the commissioning of the first of the 2x1,000MW units from December 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17456984", "title": "Ramky takes termination battle to court", "text": "CHENNAI: Slapped with a termination notice for poor performance besides a fine of 6 crore, imposed by the Chennai Corporation, Ramky Enviro Limited which collects garbage in three zones in the city has decided to knock on the doors of courts.Ramky, which is in charge of garbage clearance in Adyar, Teynampet and Kodambakkam zones, has been facing charges of poor garbage collection and short-deployment of trained men.Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said the civic body was not satisfied with Ramky's work. \"They have not done a good job in the three zones. If they stop work, we will come up with better plans. We will also ensure that garbage is properly cleared from the streets,\" he said.The corporation has also imposed a fine of nearly 6 crore on Ramky for poor garbage collection. Officials said Ramky could not show improvement even after several show-cause notices. Because of complaints, the civic body had to take over some of the wards in these three zones managed by the Ramky, they said.When contacted, Ram Mohan Rao, national head of Ramky Enviro Limited, confirmed that they had been issued notice. \"We have received a termination notice from the corporation. But they have not pointed out specific fault on our part. Also, we have been improving our garbage collection works in these three zones. We are doing a good job in other cities put under our care,\" Rao said.Caught in a tussle, residents in the three zones are keeping their fingers crossed. \"I don't know what will happen if Ramky stop their work. If they take away all their bins and workers one fine morning, who will clear the garbage from the streets,\" asked Malathy Kumari of T Nagar.It is no secret that the Chennai Corporation has decided to privatize garbage clearance operations in all the 15 zones. Corporation officials said tenders would be floated in a couple of weeks. But residents are worried because of the bitter experiences in the past at the hands of private firms engaged by the civic body for garbage collection and clearance.The previous DMK-headed corporation council too had terminated its contract with Neel Metal Fanalca for poor garbage clearance in the same zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17458877", "title": "Do you have too many funds?", "text": "For many people, investing is all about numbers. While the obsession with returns is natural, investors also tend to fuss about the number of holdings in their portfolio. Be it stocks or mutual funds, they are not sure about the optimum size and mix of investments. Given most experts' opinion on the benefits of diversification, people are aware of the dangers of putting all their eggs in one basket. Hence, investors seek safety in numbers to reduce the element of risk. But are you going too far in trying to spread the risk in your portfolio?Mutual fund investors often get trapped in the quest for diversification. Take 65-year-old Jaipal Singh from Delhi. He has as many as 20 schemes in his mutual fund portfolio. \"I have been investing in funds for the past 10-12 years and mostly do my own research,\" he says proudly . The result is a hotchpotch portfolio with all kinds of schemes, some of which may not be best suited to his needs.In most cases, fund portfolios do not start out complicated; they grow thus over a period of time. Many investors don't even realise how complicated their portfolios have become till they get down to figure out their returns. Sumeet Vaid, founder, Ffreedom Financial Planners, attributes this to the lack of a proper financial plan or strategy. \"Investors end up with a messy portfolio as they don't have a proactive approach to allocating their savings. In the absence of a proper blueprint, savings are invested in a haphazard manner,\" he says.To be sure, one cannot blame the small investor for getting carried away. There are hundreds of schemes of myriad flavours on offer and small investors want a bite of each. New fund offers (NFOs) of mutual funds ride on this mentality of the average investor. It is not uncommon to find in an investor's portfolio schemes that may not be suitable for his needs. However, this habit of lapping up anything in the name of diversification does more harm than good. Read on to find out how diversifying beyond a point may actually hurt your returns and the way you can create a truly diversified portfolio.Why over-diversification is not healthyDiversification is a prudent strategy that reduces the investment risk by spreading it across a basket of securities. However, diversification is healthy only up to a reasonable extent. If you overdo it, diversification actually works against you. Here's how:No further mitigation of risk:You may think that you are playing safe by adding more schemes to your portfolio, but this is not always true. After a point, having more funds may not offer any value to your portfolio. A Morningstar study found that an investor can only reduce risk to a certain extent. Morningstar created hypothetical portfolios , ranging from 1-30 funds, using every possible permutation . It then calculated the five-year standard deviation of each of these portfolios. The single-fund portfolios had the highest standard deviation\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthey delivered either the biggest gains or suffered the heaviest losses. Adding another fund to the portfolio brought down the standard deviation significantly, thus reducing the risk. This drop in risk was experienced with each additional fund. After seven funds, however, Morningstar discovered that a portfolio's standard deviation remained pretty much the same regardless of the number of funds added.Problem of plenty:When you hold a large number of funds, it is that much more difficult to keep track of your investments. Mutual fund investors should ideally monitor their portfolios every 3-4 months to ensure the performance is up to the mark, and to check if there are no undesirable surprises, such as a change in manager or investment mandate, or a hike in expense ratio. This will be tedious if you have a fat bunch of fund statements to sift through.Dilutes impact of performers:Having too many funds also takes the bite out of your portfolio . Even if there are good schemes in your basket, it may not reflect in the portfolio returns because their contribution will be diluted by the slackers. This is similar to an over-diversified equity fund; owning hundreds of stocks waters down the potential of big gainers and affects the total returns. Suppose there are 50 stocks in your portfolio, each with equal weightage. If one stock shoots up by 40%, the overall portfolio will go up by less than 1%. If you diversify too much, you might not lose much, but you won't gain much either.High possibility of overlap:", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17458792", "title": "Young 'n' old hit the road to drive home a safety message", "text": "MANGALORE: Close to 1,600 people between the age group of 10 and 83 years hit the road with their eco-friendly bikes on Sunday morning as part of the sixth edition of RxLife Cycle Rally.The rally took off from Lady Hill and passed through Kottara, Kuloor, Panambur Beach Road , Nandaneshwar Temple Road, NMPT Colony, Customs House Road, Kuloor, Kottara, Infosys and concluded at Bejai Kapikad School at 9am. The participants covered 20 km.For Ramachandra Rao (83), a retired bank employee, cycling is his passion and for the past 50 years the vehicle was his companion in the ups and downs of his life. \"I drew inspiration from the youth and children who took part in the rally. Seeing them covering those 20 km, I got confi dence and energy,\" said Rao.For Vasanth Kumar, a retired engineer, it was his sixth rally. He had participated in all the five pervious rallies. \"Cycling is my mantra to stay fit. I know several people in the city who like to travel by bicycles. However, they are discouraged by the heavy traffic and we do not have a single bicycle track in the city,\" he added. The rally saw 1,514 registered participants and about 80 wild card entries.Gayathri Bhat, one of the organizer of the rally said that the rally was held to create awareness about road safety among school and college students.Regional transport officer C Mallikarjuna and Ti Cycles area sales manager Arun Kumar inaugurated the rally. In the lucky draw that followed the rally , Shagnik S Raj, a class X student of Canara High School Urwa, won a Hercules Turbo Drive Atom, B Swathi Baliga of Canara CBSE won a BSA LadyBird and Chirag Bhat from Kendriya Vidyalaya Panambur won a 'Hercules Rodeo A 300'. All participants of the rally received consolation prizes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17457620", "title": "2 'wanted' vehicle lifters arrested", "text": "GURGAON: Two vehicle lifters were arrested late on Saturday night when they were going to steal a vehicle. DLF police have recovered two motorcycles, one country-made pistol, one revolver and four live cartridges from their possession.The accused had stolen a Toyota Innova car in Sector 29 just a few days ago. The accused have also confessed to having stolen other vehicles not only in Gurgaon but also in Delhi andNoida.The police produced the accused in duty magistrate court on Sunday and sent them in judicial custody. \"The accused are identified as Shahanshah alias Bablu, a resident of Nasirabad in Uttar Pradesh and Sunil Kumar, a resident of Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh. Before getting involved in criminal activities, Shanshah alias Bablu used to work as a mechanic in a motor workshop in year 2007. He had stolen around 100 cars and other vehicles from different states.He used to sell the stolen vehicles,\" said Inspector Jagdish Prashad.Acting on a tip-off, police conducted raid near Neelkanth hospital in DLF-III on Saturday. The accused tried to flee from the spot on their bike, but one of them fell from it and the police managed to nab the duo. \"An FIR has been lodged against the accused under section 398, 401 and Arms Act. We have produced them before the duty magistrate and sent them to a 14-day judicial custody,\" said an officer.\"The accused were arrested by Delhi police before some time and had spent around one year in Tihar jail. Now they were out on bail. Before this they had stolen two cars in Mahrauli area and Kadkadduma in Delhi. The bikes, which are recovered by us, were stolen by them from Saket area in Delhi around 15 days ago. They were wanted in Delhi and other states in different cases,\" said Inspector Prashad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17458447", "title": "Balayya for debut on home turf", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Hinting at contesting the next election from Krishna district, TDP leader Nandamuri Balakrishna said that the decision of the party leadership will be final on the issue.Speaking to media during his whirlwind visit to the district on Sunday, Balayya said that he could contest the election from any region as he has a fan following in all the regions of the state. \"I am interested in contesting the election from my home turf as my father also represented it. However, it is the party leadership which will take a final call on the issue,\" he said. He said that he was yet to communicate to the party leadership his choice of assembly segment.Meanwhile, the local leadership failed to utilize Balayya's tour to boost the morale of the party cadres in Gudivada segment as well as in the district. The poor turnout even surprised Balayya but without expressing any displeasure, Balayya spent time in meeting fans at the function hall. He, in fact, called almost everyone present at the function hall to come close to him and insisted that the photographers take a snap.It is understood that district leaders like Devineni Umamaheswara Rao, who are considered as Chandrababu Naidu's followers, did not coordinate with other leaders in mobilising locals for Balayya's tour. And the family of Raavi Venkateswara Rao was busy making arrangements for the function in their family.Party leaders felt that Raavi's family wasted a good opportunity in polarising the cadres in the constituency despite Balayya eagerness in visiting the constituency and their home to counter Kodali Nani's political maneuvering.Balayya affirmed that TDP would clinch the Gudivada segment in the next elections too as the party has the support of cadres and locals. He warned the sitting legislator Kodali Nani, who switched sides to YSR Congress recently, to mind his words.\"We are not bothered about a few leaders jump the fence. They are opportunists and they have no morals. People would not back such leaders in the future,\" he said.He, however, took strong objection to the Nani's statements against TDP leadership and asked him to mind his business. \"Gudivada evadi abba sothu kaadu....Nani noru adupulo unchukunte manchidi (Gudivada is not anyone's fiefdom... It will be better if Nani kept his loose tongue in control),\" thundered Balayya amidst slogans of his fans who had gathered at the airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17457273", "title": "CMDC to represent coal mines de-allocation order", "text": "RAIPUR: A day after the Coal ministry de-allocated the Shankarpur (Bhatgaon II) and extension coal blocks, Chhattisgarh Mineral Development Corporation (CMDC) on Sunday said it would represent against the order and would also consider legal options against the decision.\"The de-allocation has nothing to do with the CMDC's joint venture with a private firm or development of these coal blocks,\" CMDC managing director Prem Kumar said.Both these coal blocks were in the centre of a controversy after the CMDC entered into a joint venture with Nagpur based SMS infrastructure of BJP leader Ajay Sancheti, who is considered close to BJP president Nitin Gadkari. In a statement issued on Sunday night, CMDC managing director said that the coal ministry had cited reasons such as environment and forest clearance, delay in land acquisition and giving contradictory figures regarding project cost etc for the de-allocation. CMDC clarified that the coal blocks concerned were allocated to the mineral development corporation in July 2007 and the conditions stipulated that the production through underground mining should begin within 54 months.Thus production was scheduled to be started in January this year.Justifying the delay in starting production, CMDC spokesman said it took almost 14 months for obtaining geological report (GR) and about one year for completing the required land acquisition process. Besides, it also took one year and four months for getting initial environmental clearance and the final clearance was still awaited from the ministry of environment and forests.Referring to the coal ministry order, which pointed out contradictions in the figures of project cost, the spokesman said such a reference was made without taking the actual facts into consideration. It's not proper to make this a ground for de-allocation of coal blocks, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17458613", "title": "Haryana exceeds revenue target for 11th Plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Haryana has topped the chart of states which significantly exceeded the revenue mobilization target during the 11th Five Year Plan (2007-12). According to the latest report of the Planning Commission on state finances, Haryana earned Rs 64,123 crore during the five year policy period. The targetted resource mobilization was Rs 33,374 crore in the 11th Plan.The report indicates that majority of states failed to meet the projected planned resources. They could collectively fetch only 92.5 per cent of the target. The Planning Commission has projected that all states would collectively garner Rs 14,12,029 crore in the 11th Plan, but they could only manage Rs 13,06,296 crore.It appears that states like Gujarat, Maharashtra, Delhi and Punjab could not achieve the projected target in the aftermath of the global slowdown. Only about eight states, including Haryana, Assam, Odisha, Karnataka, Goa, Bihar and Arunachal Pradesh could exceed targets.Gujarat and Punjab could garner only 95.6 per cent and 87.5 per cent of the projected targets in the 11th Plan while Uttrakhand could get only 52.5 per cent, the lowest.Delhi was given a target to mobilise Rs 54,799 crore, but could manage only Rs 45,250 crore. Gujarat was to earn Rs 1,06,918 crore but had to settle for Rs 1,02,226 crore.Other North Indian states, including Punjab, Jammu &amp; Kashmir and Himachal Pradesh managed to mobilise Rs 25,298 crore, Rs 21,593 crore and Rs 10,844 crore. The resource realization by the three states was also lower than their targets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17457008", "title": "Inter-university fest to begin from Friday", "text": "RANCHI: Students of Ranchi University are eagerly waiting for the 28th inter-university east zone youth festival to be hosted by the varsity from December 7.The festival was earlier scheduled for December 4 but had to be postponed following the demise of former Prime Minister I K Gujral on Friday. RU public relations officer Satish Gupta said, \"The programme has been changed after the governor's directive as national mourning has been declared from December 1 to 6.\"The rescheduling of the programme has created a problem for the organizing committee as they are not sure about the dates of the chief guest and special guests.\"Deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato was supposed to be the chief guest in the opening ceremony on December 4. Now we will have to approach him again and see if he can make it to the festival on December 7,\" Gupta said.Of the 65 universities of eastern India, 14 have confirmed their participation. \"We are expecting more entries. Maximum 40 participants will be allowed from a university,\" said Gupta. The competitions will be held in five categories and 25 sub-categories. The five categories will be music, dance, literary events, theatrical events and fine arts.In dance, there will be two categories -folk or tribal dances and classical dances. Events like mono act, skit, mime and mimickery will be organized under theatrical category.Various literary events like quiz, elocution and debates will also be organized and activities like on-the-spot painting, collage-making, poster-making, clay modelling and rangoli under the category of fine arts will give the students a chance to display and enhance their artistic skill, Gupta said.The selection procedure has already started in various colleges. Principal of Ranchi Women's College Manju Sinha said, \"We organized four-day youth festival in our college and winners of various competition will be participating in the east zone festival.\"Ranchi University hosted the east zone youth festival in 2008 and it was a big success. Ranchi University vice-chancellor LN Bhagat said, \"We are expecting good response this time too and we hope that students will enjoy the programme.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17458793", "title": "IIT-Kanpur campus abuzz with placement", "text": "KANPUR: The much-awaited campus placement drive which commenced at the Indian Institute of Technology-Kanpur from December 1 caused much cheer among those who secured a dream job. Aptly dressed for the occasion of a lifetime, students were seen facing the interview room with confidence. While students were sure of getting more than one job offer each, recruiters who had come to the campus were hoping to hire the best brains. The successful candidates remained busy informing their parents and near and dear ones about their selection.About 250 companies including corporate houses, government enterprises and public sector units have come to or are arriving at IIT-Kanpur for recruitment. In IT field, majors like Accenture, TCS, Wipro are expected at the campus. Social networking website Facebook will also be present to select the best of the lot. Last time, Facebook made news offering a Rs 72-lakh annual salary package to an IIT-Kanpur student and similar might happen this year too.On the first and the second day of the placement drive, over 20 top companies belonging to different fields marked their presence. The students were judged through written tests and interviews. Some of the companies are holding interviews through video conferencing.Over 1,000 students had registered with the placement office this year. The number includes under-graduate and post-graduate students. PhD Students are also taking part in the placement drive.Students are in the final year of courses like BTech, MBA, MCA, MTEcH Dual Degree, etc. Apoorva, a student of IIT-Kanpur, who was selected for a job was extremely happy to see his hard work of four years pay off.No extension in deadline to deposit CSJMU exam fee: The executive council of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University has decided not to extend the deadline for depositing the examination fee and the private examination forms. The decision was taken by l on Saturday during a meeting. This meeting was called to discuss the issue of fee hike. Students of various degree colleges have been protesting against fee hike.The last date for depositing examination fees was November 23. December 2 was the deadline for submitting the private examination form.CSMU vice-chancellor Ashok Saxena had convened the meeting.Meanwhile, CSMU students have received support from students union of Delhi University on the issue of fee hike. Karishma Thakur, secretary, Delhi University Student Union, who had come to Kanpur, had supported the agitation launched by the students.The students have been pressing to withdraw hike in examination fee.On Sunday, the students of various degree colleges like DBS, Juhari Devi, SN Sen and Christ Church College sat down on dharna at Phoolbagh against fee hike. The students polished the shoes of commuters and begged for money as a mark of protest, stating that this would help them pay the examination fee and appear in the examinations commencing from March next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17458963", "title": "Mysore Zoo deaths not unusual: director", "text": "MYSORE: Seeking to play down 38 animal deaths in the past eight months, the Mysore Zoo executive director has stated that there was nothing unusual about the casualties. \"Animals in captivity do die naturally and infant mortality rate is very high in zoo animals,\" Ravi said. Quoting from reports of Washington's Smithsonian National Zoological Park, Ravi said annual mortality rate varies between 6.5% and 10% among animals in captivity.Releasing data of the past five years, Ravi said inmates died due to various causes. Since April 2012, 38 animals of Mysore zoo have died, of which 11 succumbed to disease and disorder and eight from old age. The dead included African hunting cheetahs, green anacondas and a tiger. The mortality rate at the zoo stood at 2.7%, which is well below the normal mortality rate of animals in captivity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17458669", "title": "Cops' wait ends, gold chain comes out", "text": "HUBLI: Town police are now a relieved lot. After a two-day wait, they have finally succeeded in laying their hands on the gold chain which a chain snatcher had swallowed after he was caught by the public.Shajan Afzal Mirza snatched a gold chain from a woman at JC Nagar in Hubli on Friday. When she raised an alarm, he sensed trouble and immediately gulped the chain down. But passersby thrashed him and police whisked him away to KIMS hospital where it was confirmed through a scan that the chain was in his stomach.Doctors had told police that the chain would come out of his body through the natural route in 48 hours.The culprit was on observation at the hospital.Finally on Sunday morning he excreted the chain which police recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457071", "title": "CBI may move to Supreme Court to drop organized crime charges against Abu Salem", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI is likely to approach the Supreme Court seeking withdrawal of charges of organized crime against underworld don Abu Salem after receiving legal opinion on the issue. CBI sources said the agency may move the SC this week seeking withdrawal of additional charges slapped on Salem by Delhi and Mumbai Police, so that it can honour its commitment given to Portugal from where the gangster was extradited to India.India had given an 'executive assurance' to Portugal that Salem will not be given death penalty or charged with any section of the law which entails jail term of more than 25 years. Delhi and Mumbai Police, however, had slapped charges which invoked death penalty against him.Later, police wanted to withdraw the charges but the courts did not approve of it. This led to a protracted legal battle which ended in the SC in September 2010 that rejected his plea. Meanwhile, a Portuguese court cancelled Salem's extradition on the grounds that by slapping new charges, Indian authorities had violated terms and conditions of his extradition which had been upheld by their supreme court as well.After taking legal opinion in the matter, CBI has come to the conclusion that additional charges slapped by Delhi and Mumbai Police under Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act and other such Acts should be dropped, CBI sources said. They added the agency would seek a directive from the SC on the issue this week.Salem, who is an accused in the 1993 Mumbai bomb blasts case which left 250 dead, was extradited on November 11, 2005 from Portugal where he was arrested in 2002, along with his girlfriend Monica Bedi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457921", "title": "Son given in adoption can't claim biological kin's assets", "text": "MUMBAI: A son given away in adoption does not have any right over the property of his biological father, the Bombay high court has ruled. Justice Mridula Bhatkar dismissed an application filed by 44-year-old Nashik resident Somnath More, who sought to assert his rights on the property of the family of his father Radhakrishnan, who was given away in adoption in the 1920s.\"Somnath) does not have any legal right in the property of his father's natural father. Due to adoption, Radhakrishna's rights in the property of his natural father were ceased and also that of Somnath,\" said Justice Bhatkar.\"Family is not defined under Hindu Succession Act. Thus, who can be a member of the family is not described,\" said the judge. \"He continued to stay there and look after the family of his brothers, yet his right cannot be rejuvenated (in the absence of a legal right),\" added the judge.Nashik resident Ramachandra Mahale had three sons-Radhakrishnan, Trimbak and Digambar. Radhakrishnan was given away in adoption to the More family. When Trimbak's daughter Ujjwala sought partition, Somnath objected. A civil court said Ujwala had 1/4th right to the property and negated Somnath's claim. Somnath moved the HC. He disputed the fact that his father was given away in adoption. Ujwala's lawyers said Somnath was mentioned as More in his school register. They also submitted a sale deed, which executed by Somnath himself, revealed Radhakrishnan had been given away in adoption.The HC said the civil court had rightly ruled on the adoption. \"A knowledge of a particular fact is always known to the next generation. The knowledge becomes authentic if corroborative evidence is tendered,\" said the judge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17458337", "title": "Chabutara nearing century set for a new lease of life", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A group of heritage aficionados and conservation experts visited Adroda, a village near Bavla, around 40 km from the city, on Sunday morning and had a discussion with the local residents to revive and reinstate a 98-year old birdfeeder.The action group vowed to bring the structure back to its original glory and also cleaned up the area. Earlier, local residents and Historical and Cultural Resource Center (HCRC), a city-based NGO, had identified the birdfeeder (chabutara) as a historic structure and had started gathering experts and resources for the project.HCRC trustee Kapil Thakar said that the visit on Sunday was a fruitful experience. \"We managed to rope in local villagers and ensured their support for the project. They were also happy that a structure lying neglected for years will now have an altogether new identity. The local educated youths led by Aniruddhsinh Padheriya have promised to work towards conservation of the birdfeeder that will complete a century of existence in two years,\" he said.The event on Sunday was attended by Dinesh Modi from state archaeology department, Vijay Pandya of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation's heritage cell and Gopa Ghosh, principal of Rachana School, among others. The participants carried out a rally through the village to create awareness and also gather information on the structure. Afterwards, the members started cleaning the birdfeeder and surroundings. Experts said that the chemical treatment will be given to the structure for cleaning.\"We've decided to raise resources and also take help from the government for restoration, landscaping and facilities such as sitting near the birdfeeder. The work will start from January,\" said Thakar.Jitu Mishra, an archaeologist turned educationist, said that while we talk about grand structures such as Taj Mahal and India Gate, it is also important to sensitize citizens, especially students, to the significance of local heritage conservation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17458924", "title": "Social change through art", "text": "Teaching is her passion, but she derives satisfaction through social work. He aim is to bring social change through art.Kumudini Achchi, assistant professor at JSS MSW College in Mysore, has effected changes in Yenneholekoppalu village of Pandavapura taluk, the place where girls in 10-18 age group were not allowed to go out of house, except for school.Kumudini came to know of the girls' plight in February when she and her students visited the village for a study camp. They observed that girls were not seen anywhere outside. \"It was strange. When we visited the houses for a survey, women did not allow us to see the girls, saying that 'they are busy in chores'.\"When the assistant professor contacted the youths in the village, they said girls were not allowed to go out. It was then that Kumudini decided to bring in change with art as the tool. She went to the village again in October, inviting boys and girls for training in theatre and folk dances at her 'cultural camp'.She visited each house, and tried to convince the elders to send their children for the camp.\"Initially, only those below 10 years came for the camp. I again visited the houses and asked women to accompany their girls to the camp. I convinced them, saying that the girls will be right under their vigil during the camp,\" the 38-year-old tutor added.The girls were accompanied by parents during the initial days of the 22-day camp. Later, they started coming on their own. \"This change brought smile on my face. Around 40 girls participated. Folk dances reserved for men like dollu kunita and donne varase were taught only for girls,\" she added.Kumudini contacted theatre personalities and folk artistes and took them to village to train the girls. On the final day, the girls enacted the main characters of the play 'Kindara Jogi', and folk dances were performed at Samudaya Bhavan. \"The villagers happily watched their girls' performances,\" she added.Other initiativesKumudini had difficulty in striking a balance between college, family and the camp. But her aim to bring in change kept her going. Her service for society started way back in 2000.A Bharatanatyam dancer herself (she has a vidwat), Kumudini taught the dance form for 'Odanadi' inmates, who include sexually exploited women and sex workers. She started an NGO Vision for Culture, Art and Research Enhancement (V CARE) which does research to bring in change through art.\"When I visit the village now, both boys and girls come to meet me. I'm happy that girls can come out now. I want to make them to continue their studies, and do not get married soon after turning 18,\" she said.The mother of two gets support from her husband Stanley K V. Born and brought up in Mysore, she studied MSW in Manasagangotri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457924", "title": "Man gets 5 years jail for driving son to suicide", "text": "MUMBAI: In a rare instance, a 40-year-old man was sentenced to five years imprisonment for abetting the suicide of his 11-year-old son. Judge N G Gimekar convicted Oshiwara resident Diwan Singh on Friday. The court accepted the prosecution's case that the boy ended his life as he was suffering from severe depression after repeated beatings by Singh. Singh was convicted under section 305 (abetment of suicide of child or insane person) of the Indian Penal Code.The victim was a standard four student of the Oriental School at Oshiwara and lived with his father in a one-room chawl at Adarsh Nagar. Singh's wife was estranged and had migrated to her village in Uttarakhand with their daughter in 2007.According to the prosecution, on July 13, 2011 when Singh, who worked as a cylinder supplier, returned home, he saw the boy lying unconscious in the bathroom. He then rushed him to a government hospital where he was declared dead. A post mortem was conducted and it showed that the victim had consumed phenyl.Further examinations showed that he also had 20 bruise marks all over his body and there were also signs of hemorrhaging,\" Rajendra Jawanjal, the court-appointed defence advocate, said.After the police questioned him, Singh said that he used to beat the boy to discipline him. He said that the boy used to bunk class and run away from home. Singh also said that he had filed missing complaints with the police. On July 11, when the victim bunked school, Singh was infuriated and thrashed him. \"Neighbours told the police that Singh used to hit the boy with belts and a bamboo stick. Each time they intervened and told Singh to stop, he would ask them to mind their own business,\" Jawanjal added. Singh was taken into custody and has been in jail for the last 17 months. This period will be set off against his five-year term.The police filed the chargesheet at the end of 2011. The prosecution examined six witnesses in the case including four neighbours who all testified against Singh. The court also examined the doctor who conducted the post mortem and the investigating officer.Singh pleaded that he should be let off with a lighter sentence as he had to take care of his young daughter. In his final statement under section 313 of the Criminal Procedure Code, Singh told the court that he still did not know why his son had taken his own life and that his death still hurt him.Public prosecutor in the case, Ashok Joshi, said, \"I had pleaded for maximum sentence of ten years. However as the accused is ailing with a disease, the court sentenced him to five years imprisonment.\"Dad admitted to thrashing son for bunking schoolA post-mortem of the 11-year-old boy who committed suicide showed that he also had 20 bruise marks all over his body and there were also signs of hemorrhaging, Rajendra Jawanjal, the court-appointed defence advocate, said.After the police questioned him, Singh said that he used to beat the boy to discipline him. He said that the boy used to bunk class and run away from home. Singh also said that he had filed missing complaints with the police. On July 11, when the victim bunked school, Singh was infuriated and thrashed him. \"Neighbours told the police that Singh used to hit the boy with belts and a bamboo stick. Each time they intervened and told Singh to stop, he would ask them to mind their own business,\" Jawanjal added. Singh was taken into custody and has been in jail for the last 17 months. This period will be set off against his five-year term.The police filed the chargesheet at the end of 2011. The prosecution examined six witnesses in the case including four neighbours who all testified against Singh. The court also examined the doctor who conducted the post mortem and the investigating officer.Singh pleaded that he should be let off with a lighter sentence as he had to take care of his young daughter. In his final statement under section 313 of the Criminal Procedure Code, Singh told the court that he still did not know why his son had taken his own life and that his death still hurt him.Public prosecutor in the case, Ashok Joshi, said, \"I had pleaded for maximum sentence of ten years. However as the accused is ailing with a disease, the court sentenced him to five years imprisonment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17456406", "title": "IIM-I outclasses many B-schools: Survey", "text": "INDORE: The Indian Institute of Management, Indore, may have courted controversies in the recent past, but it has done fairly well academically when compared to other B-Schools in the country.According to a survey conducted by a management portal, in which except for IIM-B nearly 200 prominent business schools participated, IIM-I has received seventh rank on various parameters. The ranking survey was based on research methodology. Some specific criterion like the number of applications received, number of permanent and visiting faculty, total seats, median domestic salary and percentile cut-off were looked into before finalizing the rankings.According to rankings, IIM-Ahmedabad tops the list, followed by IIM-Kolkata and IIM Lucknow, respectively, for the next two slots. The other seven B-schools in the top 10 list as per their rankings are - XLRI, NMIMS School of Business Management Mumbai, Faculty of Management Studies (University of Delhi), IIM-Indore, Management Development Institute, Gurgaon, S P Jain Institute of Management &amp; Research Mumbai, and IIM-Kozhikode. Five out of the top 10 B-schools are non-IIMs, a trend that signifies private institutes' strive and urge to attain top slots.The survey was conducted under the guidance of Padma Shree Bakul Dholakia, former director, IIM- Ahmedabad and R K Shukla, former director, NCAER-Centre for Macro Consumer Research. In the survey, Dholakia has pointed out that ranking a management institute is a difficult task. I hope the ranking would help MBA aspirants and recruiters make the right choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17457437", "title": "Lack of qualified wardens affect smooth run of poor home", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The social welfare department authorities, while probing the complaints regarding alleged ill-treatment of inmates of Sri Chitra Poor Home, have found out that the poor home lacks sufficient qualified wardens.The officials attribute the root cause of all problems to this major handicap. This will also be the moot point at the meeting of the department officials to be convened by social welfare minister M K Muneer on Tuesday, according to sources.Social welfare department director M S Jaya had submitted a report to the minister after conducting an inquiry into the issues at the poor home. It is learnt that she has highlighted the lack of qualified wardens as one of the main shortcomings.\"The poor home lacks qualified wardens, who can understand the problems of the inmates and act accordingly,\" Jaya told TOI on Sunday. All the wardens in the poor home now were once its inmates, who were entrusted with the job of wardens as they grew up. No wardens have been recruited to the poor home for the last several years, Jaya said.However, officials of the poor home pointed out that the employees were paid from whatever income the home generates through small scale business initiatives it runs like book binding, tailoring and printing. Recruiting highly qualified employees means they have to be paid high. Unfortunately, this is seldom fulfilled, according to sources.The director of social welfare department said that this problem could be solved if the state government decided to takeover the poor home as per her recommendation in the inquiry report.At present there are as many as 262 inmates, including 197 females, at the poor home. But, there are only six wardens in addition to the head warden, to look after the inmates, which is highly insufficient. As a result, the superintendent does not get ample support from the staff in ensuring the welfare of the inmates. Jaya also said that the meeting would also discuss the revamp of the poor home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17459204", "title": "Unified Metropolitan Transport Authority key to Japanese funds for Kochi Metro", "text": "KOCHI: If Kochi Metro needs Japanese funding, it is high time Kochi Metro Rail Ltd (KMRL) and the corporation took the initiative and push for the formation of the Unified Metropolitan Transport Authority (UMTA) - the special purpose vehicle (SPV) to integrate urban transport systems. The Japan International Co-operation Agency (JICA) has insisted on the need to form an SPV to integrate road, water and railway networks with the Metro. It is reliably learnt that this would be one of the strict riders mooted by JICA to sanction the loan for the project.According to KMRL, UMTA has to be formed as they proceed with the construction of the Metro. \"JICA has insisted on having a transport body which can regulate travel between various modes of transport in the city, managed by different operators. The schedules of Metro, buses, trains and boats have to be integrated to provide maximum connectivity to commuters,\" said a senior officer.The SPV will be responsible for drafting a public transport plan for the city. It will coordinate different operators and provide the facility to use a single ticket over all these systems of transport. The official also said that while the ownership of buses, boats and trains would remain with respective organizations, the transport body would decide on routes and schedules.Commenting on the development, KMRL managing director Elias George said that KMRL would consider the observations made by JICA and would take up these suggestions with its director board and the state government. \"It is a policy matter that has to be addressed by the state government,\" he said.The Centre formulated the National Urban Transport Policy, 2006 which envisaged the setting up of UMTA in all million-plus people cities. This was one of the conditions for sanctioning buses for urban transport under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). Though the Kochi Corporation is a beneficiary of JNNURM, they have so far failed to get the state government to constitute the UMTA. As a result, the buses provided to the civic body are being operated by the Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).While making a presentation before the civic bodies on UMTA, senior scientist and head, traffic and transportation, National Transport Planning and Research Centre (NATPAC), T Elangovan had stated that the state government could set up the UMTA through an executive order. He suggested that the Kochi UMTA should have the chief secretary as chairman, with principal secretaries of various departments, transport commissioner, district collector, city police commissioner, range IGP, managing directors of KMRL and KSRTC, general manager southern railway, member secretary Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA), among others, as members.All-in-one* Centre formulated the National Urban Transport Policy, 2006, which envisaged the setting up of UMTA, ASPV, in all million-plus people cities* State government can set up the UMTA through an executive order* KMRL and Kochi Corporation have to take the initiative and push for the formation of UMTA* The SPV is required to integrate road, water and railway networks with the Metro* SPV will be responsible for drafting a public transport plan for the city* It will coordinate different operators and provide the facility to use a single ticket over systems of transport* The transport body will decide on routes and schedules", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17458834", "title": "102 cases settled at police darbar", "text": "LUDHIANA: A special police \"darbar\" was held at Salem Tabri police station, where 102 pending cases with three police stations were got settled amicably. According to the assistant commissioner of police (ACP), north, Swapan Sharma, 200 pending cases of Salem Tabri, division number 4 and Kotwali police stations were taken up at the police \"darbar.\"All the station house officers and other staff from these police stations were present at the \"darbar.\" The session started at around 12 noon and continued till 5 in the evening.Out of the total of 200 cases, police resolved 102 cases amicably. Most of these cases pertained to property disputes, petty fights and marital disputes.ACP Sharma, while terming the attempt as successful, said that they were able to resolve four marital disputes, besides other cases. \"We will hold more such 'darbars' in the future too, so that the pendency of cases is reduced and people don't face any harassment,\" said ACP Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17457760", "title": "Old hospital to turn into paediatrics institute", "text": "NOIDA: In a step forward towards revamping the now defunct district hospital and developing it into a super-specialty paediatrics institute, Noida Authority has said it will finalize a consultant by next week to prepare the Detailed Project Report for the project. After that the Authority will initiate tender proceedings for the Rs 150 crore project.Five companies made the design and gave a presentation before senior Authority officials on Thursday.\"The Authority will take a final decision regarding the presentations by Monday, following which, the appointed consultant will be required to prepare theproject report within about a month's time,\" said an official.Earlier this year, the Authority had announced its decision to shift and redevelop the now defunct district hospital in Sector 39. The Authority has proposed to upgrade the hospital into a paediatrics institute to be housed in a state-of-the art building within the Ambedkar multispecialty hospital in Sector 30. Last week, the Authority had approved the preliminary design to accommodate the pediatric centre within the premises of the existing Ambedkar multispecialty hospital in Sector 30. As per the Authority's plan, the pediatrics institute will become functional by mid next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17460162", "title": "Not ready to get married yet: Soha Ali Khan", "text": "Soha Ali Khan douses rumours of a 2013 wedding and says that even her mum thinks she has a long way to go before tying the knotNow that her brother Saif is married, the spotlight has shifted to Soha Ali Khan . Especially since she has been in a relationship with Kunal Khemu for over two years now. In fact, it was rumoured that the actress may tie the knot in 2013. However, when we spoke to Soha, she admitted of not being 'mentally prepared' for marriage. And even told us that her mother, Sharmila Tagore feels the same way.\"Everybody loves to marry off Bollywood celebrities. I have been facing this question a lot lately. Though I don't feel it's a pressure, but yes the media loves to ask me about my wedding,\" said Soha. And her answer remains the same. Soha told us that she is not going to get married now nor in the 'immediate future'.\"There are no plans to get married as of now. I am young, I have a long way to go and I feel that I am not mentally responsible enough to get married,\" she said. In fact, there has been no talk regarding her marriage at home.\"I am good with him (Kunal) but I don't think it is time to tie the knot yet. I have signed a lot of films and that is going to keep me very busy till the end of next year. I don't think getting married is a priority for me right now. If you ask me, I am more concerned about my first out-and-out comedy role where I am playing a cop with Arshad Warsi in a film called Joe Bhi Karva Lo. We start shooting soon in India and Sri Lanka ,\" she added.As for her brother's production Go Goa Gone starring boyfriend Kunal, Soha told us that the shooting is 'almost over'. \"After a couple of days, the film will wrap up. But I don't know when it will release. Getting a proper release date is like winning a lottery in this industry,\" she sighed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17456707", "title": "3 leopards, fawn poached near New Nagzira Sanctuary", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the wildlife wing is grappling to stop poaching, three leopards and a fawn were electrocuted by poachers near Dhamnewada in Gondia forest range, around 12km from the New Nagzira Wildlife Sanctuary. A stray dog also became a victim.Tragically, the incident comes close on the heels of a review meeting between forest, irrigation and MSEDCL officials at Mumbai on November 30 on mitigation measures to overcome such incidents.The leopards, suspected to be a mother and its two four-month-old cubs, and a fawn died after coming in contact with a live electric wire trap laid for wild boars between November 27 and 29.Earlier, in May, three leopards, a wild boar and a mongoose were charred in Surewani area, adjoining Mansinghdeo Wildlife Sanctuary, near Nagpur after they came in contact with an electric pole.Forest officials learnt about the incident on November 29 after a tip-off from an office-bearer of the village joint forest management committee (JFMC) that the accused were selling wild animal meat and a leopard had been killed by them.\"When officials reached the poaching site, they traced one leopard cub. We failed to trace the culprits and nabbed them on Saturday. The accused admitted to have killed two more leopards. The body parts of the animals were intact,\" said S V Ramarao, deputy conservator of forests (DyCF), Gondia.Those arrested include Ravi Dhurve (42) and Nehal Maraskolhe (45), both residents of Dhamnewada. Another accused Babulal Bodhade is absconding. Both, Dhurve and Maraskolhe were habitual offenders and are facing a court case for poaching a sloth bear three years ago.Fearing action, the poachers tried to destroy evidence by burying the leopards near the site. All the carcasses were retrieved and have been sent for post-mortem. The accused have been remanded to forest custody till December 5.Kishor Rithe, member of National Board for Wild Life (NBWL), said the incident once again exposes lack of coordination between MSEDCL and forest department.\"When the chital died due to electrocution, the MSEDCL staff should have informed the forest officials about tripping of the electric line. This could have probably avoided poaching of leopards later. The power company officials should be taken up,\" Rithe felt.Chief conservator of forests (CCF) S H Patil visited the spot on Sunday and took stock of the situation. Ramarao said patrolling has been intensified. Assistant conservator of forests (ACF) Ashwin Thakkar is investigation the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17457212", "title": "Shankaracharya invites Hurriyat leaders to Kumbh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: As the confluence of Ganga, Yamuna and mythical Saraswati at holy Sangam brings people from all over the world during the Mahakumbh, Shankaracharya of Puri Swami Adhokshyanand has invited leaders Hurriyat from Jammu &amp; Kashmir to take part in the Mahakumbh 2013 so that differences can be can be resolved.Talking to TOI, Swami Adhokshyananda, on a visit to the city, said the country was grappling with various problems and the issue of separatism had attained serious proportions, therefore, efforts should be made to bring the disgruntled youth of the country into the national mainstream.He said it was a misconception that Kashmiri Muslims were enemy of Hindus and informed that both Hindus and Muslims were jointly affected due to conditions in Kashmir. Muslims of Kashmir are secular in nature and also desirous of permanent peace in the valley.He also informed that he recently met the Kashmiri Hurriyat leaders during his sojourn to Amarnath and they had responded positively to his invitation. In this connection, he also met Hurriyat leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq a moderate leader and Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front chairman, Yasin Malik.He said he had also asked leaders of ULFA and BODO and they too gave positive response to participate in Kumbh mela.He informed that his initiative for peace was aimed at stopping violence and facilitating non-official channel of dialogue with voices of discontent in the country. He lamented that as Naxal outfits lack any suitable social and political platform, his efforts to bring them to negotiating table could not materialise.the Puri seer said a 10-day conference was going to be organised on the banks of Ganga during the Mahakumbh from February 5 to 15 in which different leaders from the political spectrum would participate. In the programme, focus would be on discussions in line with the composite culture of 'Ganga-Jamuni tehzib' all over the country.He also informed that a 'Mahayagna' (grand sacrifice) would also be organised during the kumbh in which about 500 Vedic scholars would participate and perform havan for world peace and prosperity from January 14 which would continue till February 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17459091", "title": "Tram runs over 7-year-old", "text": "KOLKATA: A seven-year-old boy died after being run over by a tram near the Ultadanga depot on Sunday. The Class II student of Kshudiram Pally Primary School, Tapas Dolui, was taking a bath on the sidewalk, close to the tram tracks. Tapas was also playing with other boys from a nearby slum, who came there to take bath.While playing, an unmindful Tapas fell on the tracks without noticing that a tram was approaching towards the depot. \"Though the driver tried to apply the brakes, the time was too less to control the speed. Tapas was knocked down and run over,\" said sources. not much times could not control the speed and applied brake but by that time a little Tapas was knocked down and runover.Locals, however, alleged that after crushing the boy, the tram entered the depot. \"Another tram, following it, also ran over the boy. The victim was rushed to R G Kar Hospital, where he was declared brought dead,\" said a local. Angry locals then put up a road blockade in the area. They also ransacked two other trams. Later, officials from Maniktala police station reached the spot to bring the situation under control. and persuaded the agitators to withdraw the blockades.Engaged in his playfulness, Tapas suddenly came straight on the tram-track without realising that a tram was entering the tram depot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17458292", "title": "Vastu for victory", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17458743", "title": "Ramkaran Yadav's body immersed in the Ganga", "text": "VARANASI: The body of Ramkaran Yadav 'Dada', a noted socialist leader and a the political gurus of Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav, was immersed into the Ganga near Kaithi on Sunday morning.Before the last rites were performed, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav reached Dada's parental house at Isopur village to pay tributes. Several ministers, MLAs, and MPs of SP as well as other political parties, including Om Prakash Singh, Ambika Chawdhary, Balram Yadav and Surendra Patel, took part in the last rites. Before leaving for Lucknow in his chopper which had landed in Rajwadi area, Akhilesh said that the party would never forget the contributions of Dada. \"He was my uncle and also known as Gandhi of eastern UP,\" the CM said.Dada was suffering from cancer and lung infection. In past months he was hospitalized on several occasions. On Saturday, he died of cardiac arrest when he was kept on ventilator at a hospital in Pahadia area. The body was taken to his parental village, where thousands of SP leaders and politicians of other parties reached to pay tributes. Dada had started his political career with Congress in 1967. He left Congress with Chaudhary Charan Singh to join Rashtriya Kranti Dal. He became associated with Mulayam Singh Yadav and maintained his relations with SP chief till his death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17457231", "title": "Human chain in support of Ganga", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Raising demand to clean up the Ganga and ensure unrestrained flow of the river right from the Gangotri to Sangam, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders formed human chain at different bathing ghats on the banks of Sangam in the city.At Sangam area, party leaders led by former assembly speaker Kesri Nath Tripathi and MLC Dr Yagya Dutt Sharma along with other volunteers formed a human chain and demanded freeing of Ganga from pollution. Issuing an appeal to the Centre and state government to ensure cleaning of the Ganga before Kumbh Mela, Tripathi said Ganga was not just any river and represented the rich and composite culture of the country.The water of he holy river is beneficial to health, promotes growth of agriculture and sustains Indian economy. He said that we should strive towards maintaining the purity of Ganga which is the lifeline of our country and Indian culture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17456490", "title": "New training centre for bus drivers in Ooty", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Coimbatore division of the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation has decided to start a dedicated training center in Ooty to train bus drivers to operate vehicles in ghat regions of Valparai and Nilgiris soon. The decision was taken following the rise in accidents in the Valparai region.Just recently, eight people were killed in Valparai due to carelessness of driver. Another 20 passengers were injured and admitted at Pollachi and Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital. The errant driver has been suspended and an inquiry is going on pertaining to the accident.V Babu, managing director, TNSTC, Coimbatore division, said the training would be conducted in the existing facility in Ooty very soon. \"This is to ensure that drivers appointed in hilly regions are well trained to handle vehicles on ghat roads,\" he said. Drivers would be assigned to hilly areas only after they have completed at least two year of service in the plains. They will go through another intense training programme before they take to the road, he added.Babu said all arrangements have been made for conducting the training. Drivers would undergo strict training schedule and theory classes for at least a month. They are just waiting for the government nod to begin the programme. Presently, training is given to freshly appointed drivers. Refresher courses are also conducted for existing drivers in Pollachi where there is an advanced facility equipped with simulators. At least 500 drivers are trained and given refresher courses, he said.Mohan, deputy manager, technical training, said that once they clear all tests, the drivers are sent to peripheral depots like Pollachi, Karamadi and Mettupalayam. Once they establish their competency and commitment, they are posted at various other regions, he added.Additional training is required to drive in hill regions and with the new training facility it would be an added advantage for drivers, as they need not go all the way to Pollachi for training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17440286", "title": "Tips to keep your room clean this X'mas", "text": "Christmas is nearing and you should be on a cleaning spree these days. Dusting, sweeping, mopping and more \u00e2\u20ac\u201d here are some tips on ways to keep your room clean .Picture perfect: Keep a picture of your former messy room somewhere nearby. If you are tempted to leave things out of place or to be messy, take a look at the picture to remind you of what will happen if you don't put in an effort.Unpack now: If you go away on a trip during Christmas, you might feel tired and just want to throw your things on the floor. This is one of the worst things you can do. It's important to unpack immediately. You'll be thankful for it later.Kids' day out: Avoid letting kids in to your room when they are around. Keep some toys in the drawing room for them to play with. They'll look at things, pick it up, and don't put it back in the right place. Refrain from going to your room, or ask them to put your things back where they were.Trash-canned: Make sure you don't leave trash in your room. Keep a dust bin handy. If you have any papers or important notes, try to stack them up and do not keep them all over your desk. Also, try to not throw dirty tissues on the floor or back in the box post your Christmas make-up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17458563", "title": "Citylights", "text": "Thackeray's WitMany remembered Bal Thackeray's crisp wit at a condolence meeting held last week at Shanmukhananda hall . BJP leader Gopinath Munde harked back to days of the Shiv Sena-BJP regime in the 1990 s.Once , Munde recalled , Thackeray hurriedly summoned him to his residence 'Matoshree' and asked him to build a ropeway at the Raigad fort , a public amenity which, Thackeray insisted , was long overdue . As deputy chief minister in charge of the finance portfolio , Munde said the project was not viable . \"In that case , the chief minister and the deputy chief minister aren't viable , too, with me and my remote control ,'' Thackeray retorted .Munde and Manohar Joshi , who was then the chief minister , pulled out all stops to raise funds for the project . \"A few years later , I was assigned the task of escorting (senior BJP leader ) L K Advaniji to Raigad ,'' Munde said and added , \"I realized that the ropeway was a good idea-given my heavy gait .''Another incident that those covering the Sena can instantly recall is the visit of a high-profile New Delhibased journalist to Matoshree a few years ago . After a prolonged interview which exhausted the scribe , Thackeray offered him warm beer and kebabs , and also drew his cartoon . \"Take this,'' he said with flourish , \"Do to this cartoon what you do with me-frame it and hang it.''Compassion For AllThe XIV Dalai Lama , who was in the city for the World Compassion Day , gave a talk on animal rights where he spoke at length on showing compassion towards all living beings . The spiritual leader then went on to say , with his trademark smile , \"But I somehow find it difficult to show compassion to mosquitoes . These creatures suddenly come near me at night and their 'zzzzitt zzzzitt' sound wakes me up . My own relation with mosquitoes is not very good ; I lost my tolerance .\"During his interaction with mediapersons , Dalai Lama said his favourite food comprises simple , vegetarian south Indian dishes. Actor Anil Kapoor , who was seated next to him , quickly added , \"Idli and dosa are among my favourite too.\"Mast KalandarLife can be very strange . Two days after the most unwanted 'visitor ' from Pakistan was put to rest , giving closure to one of India's most nightmarish encounters with terror , another visitor from across the border arrived on a peace mission through music .Sanam Marvi , a singer from Lahore , came to perform for the annual Sufi festival held at the National Centre for the Performing Arts, and to spread a message of peace and of insaniyat , the word that keeps cropping up in her talk . The lovely singer from a tiny town in Sindh , has a resonant voice that matches her older compatriot Abida Parveen , and has been a hit on Coke Studio .After she landed , Marvi left the Mumbai concert organizers baffled because she didn't show up for several hours after . It turns out that she first made a stop at the Haji Ali shrine , where she sat and read the kalaam before proceeding with more worldly matters . \"I also want to visit the Babulnath Temple and Mahalaxmi ,\"she said , but this trip , she had to go back almost immediately , to her three little children . So , she hopes to come back soon , and harbours a great desire to sing for the talented trio - Shankar , Ehsaan and Loy. No Comments?The Tardeo RTO has been warning taxi drivers in the island city since one month now to either get their meters recalibrated or face punishment . Two days after the November 24 deadline for the purpose expired , the RTO cracked down on four cabbies and assumed that the very next day , there would be a huge rush of taxi drivers at the Worli test tracks for recalibration . Figure this. On November 26 , the day the cabbies were fined , 225 taxis had arrived at Worli for recalibration . The next day , the RTO officials were heartened to see a good number of cabs turn up in the morning .When they counted the cabs till 225, an officer looked beyond - and there was just one more taxi waiting on the track . Not a single taxi came in the afternoon . The officers , who were expecting the number of taxis to at least double on Tuesday , had no choice but to quietly note down the final tally and pass it on to the media , attached with a subdued \"no comments\" .(Contributed by Ambarish Mishra, Vijay Singh, Namita Devidayal and Somit Sen. Compiled by Rucha Biju Chitrodia)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17457730", "title": "CAG report proves white paper is a sham", "text": "A report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India punches a big hole in the state water resources department's defence of cost escalations in irrigation projects. In its white paper, placed before the state cabinet on November 29, the department justified the overruns by blaming them on delays in project execution on account of factors like possession of land, rehabilitation of project-affected people and environmental clearances.The white paper says land survey and acquisition, and canal network designs are taken up after initial administrative approvals, which are granted on preliminary project estimates. It says the scope of work and the designs are often modified based on factors like the demands of elected representatives and project-affected people.But according to the CAG report, placed before the state assembly earlier this year, work execution without prior acquisition of land and approval of designs is in contravention of the Maharashtra Public Works Manual. As per CAG's objections, which pertained to deficiencies observed in the case of the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC), project implementation in such a fashion had resulted in \"delays, cost overruns and blocking of funds\".At present, about 670 irrigation projects costing Rs 1.31 lakh crore are going on, the white paper says; work worth Rs 53,209 crore has been carried out so far and work for Rs 29,508 crore has been awarded; work worth nearly Rs 1,900 crore concerns land acquisition and rehabilitation; Rs 300 crore has been set aside for payments towards the use of forest land in ongoing work.Pointing out that at least 37 VIDC projects were held up due to a lack of forest clearance, the CAG report pulled up the state for taking up project work without mandatory clearances. \"Prior approval of the government of India for the use of forest land for non-forest purposes is mandatory under the Forest Conservation Act, 1980. The act also states that no work should commence even on non-forest land without this approval,\" the report said.In response to CAG's objections, the water resources department had said, \"Construction activity and land acquisition were taken up simultaneously to minimize the time period needed for various clearances and construction work.\" CAG rejected the response, saying it was in contravention of norms.The CAG report also made it clear that projects were commissioned in the last decade in complete disregard of the government's own directives. It said the water resources department had in January 2002 issued instructions to the state's development corporations to stop all projects where less than 50% of work had been completed. The directives were issued following recommendations by a government-appointed high-powered committee, which reviewed the status of irrigation projects in 2001.The directives were overlooked, resulting in resources being spread thin, which in turn led to cost overruns. The department has admitted that the government committee's recommendations were not adhered to. It has issued fresh instructions to stop projects where less than 25% of work has been completed. The CAG report cited \"illegal payment of advances to contractors towards mobilization and machinery\" as a reason for cost increases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457965", "title": "Uddhav Thackeray shuns father's Sena pramukh title", "text": "MUMBAI: The decks are being cleared for Uddhav Thackeray's election as Shiv Sena president. However, Uddhav will not be known as Shiv Sena pramukh, an exalted title which his father, the late Balasaheb Thackeray, held for 46 years.In an interview with Saamna, the Sena mouthpiece, on Sunday, Uddhav made it clear that he would not be known as Sena pramukh in the post-Balasaheb era. \"Balasaheb Thackeray is the one and only Shiv Sena pramukh. He will always remain Shiv Sena pramukh for Shiv Sainiks. I can't even think of this (inheriting the title). I am not competent for that high post,\" Uddhav said in a Q&A; session with Sanjay Raut, Sena leader and executive editor of Saamna.Uddhav has also assured Shiv Sainiks that there will be no break from the late Balasaheb's ideology. \"I will follow the path shown to us by Balasaheb-for instance, the son of the soil and a pro-Marathi agenda, Hindutva and a firm policy against illegal Bangladeshi migrants who sneak into Mumbai.\" Uddhav said that under his leadership, the Sena will continue its fight against Islamic fundamentalism. Also, the Sena will press with its agitation for the inclusion of Marathi-speaking villages, including Belgaum and Karwar from the neighbouring Karnataka state, in Maharashtra.\"I want to fulfill Balasaheb's dream. He wanted the Sena-BJP-RPI alliance to unfurl the 'bhagwa' ( saffron ) atop Mantralaya. I will leave no stone unturned to fulfill this dream. Lakhs of Shiv Sainiks are with me. Balasaheb's blessings and his thoughts are with us,\" he added.Political observers say that by asserting that he won't be addressed as Shiv Sena pramukh, Uddhav has, in an astute move, reassured Shiv Sainiks who are extremely touchy about the late Sena supremo's title.Meanwhile, the Sena will soon convene after Uddhav returns to Mumbai from his Maharashtra tour, with a party meeting ratifying a formal resolution unanimously electing him as Sena chief. \"We will have to do this exercise as we are governed by the Election Commission rules,\" said a Sena functionary.Talking about the controversy surrounding the proposed Balasaheb Thackeray memorial at Shivaji Park, Uddhav said that the issue was \"between countless Shiv Sainiks and their undisputed leader, the late Balasaheb. They will take the final decision. I don't want to get into it\".He took a dig at those opposing the Thackeray memorial at Shivaji Park, saying, \"There are some who only believe in whipping up controversies.\"Sainiks will take final call: UddhavPolitical observers say that by asserting that he won't be addressed as Shiv Sena pramukh, Uddhav has, in an astute move, reassured Shiv Sainiks who are extremely touchy about the late Sena supremo's title.Meanwhile, the Sena will soon convene after Uddhav returns to Mumbai from his Maharashtra tour, with a party meeting ratifying a formal resolution unanimously electing him as Sena chief. \"We will have to do this exercise as we are governed by the Election Commission rules,\" said a Sena functionary.Talking about the controversy surrounding the proposed Balasaheb Thackeray memorial at Shivaji Park, Uddhav said that the issue was \"between countless Shiv Sainiks and their undisputed leader, the late Balasaheb. They will take the final decision. I don't want to get into it\". He took a dig at those opposing the Thackeray memorial at Shivaji Park, saying, \"There are some who only believe in whipping up controversies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17461466", "title": "Parliament gives tribute to I K Gujral, adjourned", "text": "NEW DELHI: Both houses of parliament were adjourned for the day Monday after paying tributes to former prime minister Inder Kumar Gujral, who died Nov 30.Members of both houses paid tributes to Gujral, who breathed his last at a private hospital in Gurgaon, Haryana. He was 92.He was cremated Dec 1 in Delhi with full state honours in the presence of the country's top leadership, including President Pranab Mukherjee and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .He is survived by two sons, Naresh and Vishal, and brother Satish Gujral, a prominent painter and architect. His wife Sheila died in 2011.Smriti Sthal, where the cremation took place, is located between Jawaharlal Nehru's 'samadhi' Shanti Van and Lal Bahadur Shastri's 'samadhi' Vijay Ghat on the bank fo the Yamuna river in the capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17457820", "title": "Patna farmer pioneers capsicum farming", "text": "PATNA: Capsicum, also known as bell pepper and papakrika, which was once native only to South America and had been grown there for the last 6,000 years, has lately come to be cultivated even in Bihar. They are now not only the essence of spicy Mexican chilli salsa, Hungarian goulash and exquisite Chinese preparations, but of many Indian curries, including Bihari dishes.Since capsicums are best grown in cool, wet weather conditions, till a few years back Bihar was dependent on Jharkhand for its supply. But it is now being cultivated even in Patna district and Manish Kumar is the one who started growing capsicums in Patna in 2011 January. Today he is even guiding and helping other farmers of the district to grow capsicums. \"However, even today very few farmers grow capsicums as they are yet to be aware of its benefits,\" said a famer, Sunil Kumar Singh, who is associated with Manish and is growing capsicums with his aid.The young and enthusiastic Manish is successfully harvesting capsicums through protected cultivation under naturally-ventilated green house, with micro irrigation, at Kachuara village near Sampatchak in Patna district and also marketing it. Manish has grown the 'Indra' variety of capsicum obtained from the local nursery. He is supported by the Bihar Bagwani Mission in adopting innovative methods of farming. Not only did he pioneered its cultivation in Patna, he even brought it to the local market.\"I normally adopt the method of drip irrigation and also use malching paper in high temperature on the roots of plants to ensure that moisture content stays for a longer duration. Fertilizers are mixed with water used for drip irrigation and as a result, the plants are strong and healthy,\" said Manish.\"Capsicums raised under protected cultivation records a 60% higher yield compared to that grown under open condition. Also, the crop raised under such condition starts flowering 20 days earlier compared to that grown under open condition,\" added Manish.His naturally-ventilated green house was constructed in 2011 at a cost of Rs 4.68 lakh. Along with capsicum he had also grown cherry tomatoes. A joint inspection team from the National Horticulture Mission (NHM) visited Manish's plot sometime back and lauded his pioneering effort.After his success at Kachuara, Manish formed his own organization, named Yasachi (meaning the best) Greens Pvt Ltd, and started taking up assignments through NHM, helping out the farmers of the district. He has made his own marketing tie-up and is fetching a price ranging between Rs 20 and 26 per kg for his capsicums, depending on the season.He is now engaged in cultivating Asha-1 variety of capsicums on two acres at Nadma in Barh district. These are red, yellow and green variety of capsicums are being grown in polyhouses under protected cultivation. Two farmers of the area have joined Manish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17457237", "title": "Now Rs 15,000 under kanyadaan yojna", "text": "RAIPUR: The amount of financial aid provided for the marriage of daughters of poor family has been increased from Rs 10,000 to Rs 15,000 under the Mukhyamantri Kanyadaan Yojna in the women empowerment programme being observed statewide.State women and child welfare department observed its first day of the four months long women empowerment programme at Chandrakhuri, Durg district on Sunday. The programme would be conducted in various districts of state for four months.Chief minister Raman Singh gave a cheque of Rs 50 lakh and other basic amenities for the needy women to the women and child department on the occasion. Raman Singh in his address said, \"Reservation for women in state have been increased from 33% to 50% in the Panchayat Raj institutions. Due to this, women in state have emerged prominently before the whole country in terms of education, awareness, art and culture and sports.\"CM said that about 65,000 self-help groups have been formed for women empowerment in the state, of which, 7.70 lakh females have become the members. \"We aim to provide maternity leave to the women labourers under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MNREGA).Women empowerment programme would focus on health, nutrition and welfare of women in state.Minister for women and child welfare, Lata Usendi, minister for higher education Ramvichar Netam, panchayat and rural development minister Heamchand Yadav were among those present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17458660", "title": "Government targets 9% GSDP growth in 12th plan period", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government aims to achieve 9% growth in Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) in the 12th plan period, from 2012 to 2017, planning and coordination minister Maheswar Mohanty told the assembly on Saturday. The targeted growth in GSDP would be 0.87 percent more than that achieved in the 11th plan period, from 2007 to 2012, which was 8.23%, Mohanty added.Mohanty, while giving a written reply to a question of BJD legislator Sanjeev Kumar Sahu, gave a comparative figure on growth rate of GSDP in five year plan period since its beginning in 1951. It said the GSDP growth rate in first plan period, from 1951 to 1956, stood at 3.74 percent.The comparison shows that the growth rate slumped to a record low of 1.52% in fourth plan period from 1969 to 1974. In the eighth plan period, 1992-1997, GSDP slumped to 2% while in the seventh plan period, 1985-1990, it stood at 7.06%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17456563", "title": "Seven drown in separate incidents", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Seven persons, including two siblings, met a watery grave in separate incidents in the region on Sunday.Two youngsters of Pudimadaka village in Atchyutapuram mandal in Visakhapatnam district were washed away by the sea waves at Tantadi beach close to their village in the evening. M Venkat Rao and M Vasu, both in their 20s, were among a group of youngsters from the village who had gone for a swim at around 5 pm. Sources said the two were swept away by a strong current which took them deep into the waters. Local police deployed expert swimmers but the bodies could not be traced till late in the evening. In Vizianagaram district, three teenagers drowned in the Nagavalli river. The three, L Bhargava (14), Vinay and Brahmaji, both 15 years old, who went for a swim in the river in Thotapalli village in Gurugubilli mandal went missing. After a thorough search, the police fished out the body of Bhargava from the river. The other two victims are yet to be traced.In another incident, two siblings drowned when they accidentally fell in a water tank located on a temple premises in Veerva village in East Godavari district. D Satish (6) and Durga (4) were playing near the tank when the incident took place. The bodies were later fished out. A case has been registered, police said, adding that they are investigating the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "koraput/berhampur", "code": "17458690", "title": "Maoist week jams wheels", "text": "KORAPUT/BERHAMPUR: Vehicular movement was badly hit in the Maoist-dominated areas of Koraput, Malkangiri, Nabarangpur and Rayagada districts on the first day of People's Liberation Guerrilla Army (PLGA) week on Sunday.The PLGA week was unheard of till 2001. After formation of the PLGA on Decemebr 2, 2002, the Maoists included it in their calendar of activities.While government-run buses suspended services to Malkangiri district, private buses didn't ply beyond Malkangiri town. The 100-km stretch between Malkangiri and Motu wore a deserted look.Fearing Maoist attack, all government buses plying between Koraput and Bhubaneswar via Rayagada took the Andhra Pradesh route. Intra-district bus service in Koraput district was also badly affected with buses remaining off the road in Narayanpatna, Lamataput and Onkadeli. With public transport system totally paralysed, hundreds of passengers were seen stranded at bus stops across the four districts.Police said adequate security arrangements have been made to avert any subversive activities. \"We are keeping a strict vigil in areas bordering Andhra Pradesh to stall Red rebels'attempts to sneak into Koraput,\" said SP (Koraput) Awinash Kumar.Maoists had put up posters and banners at Kalimela, Motu and Bhenjagwada in Malkangiri district and Narayanpatna, Lamataput and Boipariguda in Koraput district. The banners urged the people to join the PLGA to make the movement a success.\"The situation is under control and no untoward incident has been reported,\" said SP (Malkangiri) Akhileswar Singh.Things were no different in Ganjam, Gajapati and Kandhamal districts. While Odisha State Road Transport Corporation (OSRTC) has suspended as many as 13 long-routes buses, very few private vehicles were seen on roads in the Maoist-infested areas. \"We have suspended all buses via Adava in Gajapati district from Saturday midnight,\" said district transport manager, OSRTC's Berhampur division, A K Mishra. The Red rebels had torched four buses at Raipanka on December 27, 2009.\"Patrolling has been intensified and vehicles are being checked at night to prevent movement of the Maoists,\" said SP (Kandhamal) J N Pankaj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17456397", "title": "Two days after, girl's father, kin arrested", "text": "BHOPAL: The Chhatarpur police on Sunday arrested two persons in connection with the grievous assault on 17-year-old Harcharan Yadav, who was stabbed in the eyes allegedly with a pair of scissors on Friday night.Harcharan was brutally attacked because his cousin, identified as Mukesh, had eloped with a minor girl from a neighbouring village. The girl's father Kashi Patel and a relative Ram Narayan Patel were arrested by the police from their residence in Baragaon village in the Rajnagar tehsil area on Sunday. Three other accused in the case registered at the local Rajnagar police station are still absconding. Police said arrested Kashi and Ram Narayan would be produced before the court on Monday morning.Doctors at the Chhatarpur district hospital are hopeful that teenaged victim Harcharan Yadav may not lose his eyesight. Speaking to reporters at the hospital, senior surgeon Dr Kamlesh Gupta said Harcharan could still see. Doctors ran a series of tests to ascertain the damage to eyes and found that the boy range of vision is secure. But he is still in the hospital and undergoing medical treatment for grievous injuries caused to him.Harcharan was stabbed in the eyes with a pair of scissors by Kashi Patel, the irate father of a minor school girl who allegedly eloped with the victim's cousin. The arrested Kashi Patel attacked the boy on the suspicion that he knew about the elopement and had helped them plan it.The girl, a student of class VIII eloped with Mukesh on November 26. The next day, the girl's family along with the boy's relatives went to New Delhi in search of the couple, but returned without their trace. On Friday evening, a furious Kashi Patel attacked the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17458582", "title": "Himachal disability policy in cold storage, beneficiaries fend for themselves", "text": "SHIMLA: The state cabinet approved the disability policy in March 2011, but so far, there's nothing to show for it. With the hill state home to almost 1,65,000 persons with disabilities, facilities, support structure and employment opportunities are woefully inadequate.District secretary of the HP Handicap Welfare Association, Parveen Soni said, \"Not many persons with disability are aware of the state disability policy and its provisions. The geographical terrain of the state impedes accessibility for persons with disability, making it very difficult for them to walk or take wheelchairs uphill. There are not enough ramps, Braille symbols or utility facilities for persons with disability. There are not enough houses and guest houses for the disabled either.\"Corroborating his stance, association president S K Lakhanpal said, \"No disabled person was involved in the framing of the policy. Besides a host of provisions, the policy had promised a helpline for a redressal mechanism for disabled people, which according to our knowledge, has not been implemented yet. The association even submitted a charter of demands to government officials and the chief minister last year. However, there has been no response. The only relief provided has been bus pass facilities and pensions.\"Pointing out that more than 900 jobs are in the backlog for 22 categories of the disabled, Lakhanpal said no member with disability is part of the state coordination committee for the disabled. He said involvement of persons with disability in policy formulation is a must, because they have first hand experience of the problems faced by those with disabilities. Lakhanpal also raised the issue of pensions for the disabled saying that those above 80 years receive Rs 850 while those who are younger get just Rs 450.Elaborating on problems in employment for this section of the population, Lakhanpal said many able bodied people have taken up jobs using fake disability certificates. He said the then finance minister announced Rs 1,800 crore to generate jobs in the private sector for persons with disability on February 28, 2007. However, the employment opportunities promised are nowhere to be seen.Rajinder Singh Sipaya, a crusader in the sight impaired persons movement said, \"according to information from the state election commissioner, of 1,162 visually impaired people, only 36 are conversant with Braille. This is enough to gauge the gap between the claims of education for the sight impaired and the ground realities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457804", "title": "No records to back Manmohan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s RTI concerns: PMO", "text": "NEW DELHI: PM Manmohan Singh's recent speech expressing concern over frivolous and vexatious RTI applications, infringement of personal privacy and bringing public private partnerships under the RTI Act had sparked off a debate and was severely criticized by activists. Now, the PMO has said that it had no basis for making such a remark.In reply to an RTI application asking for documents on the basis of which these \"concerns\" were raised, the PMO said no such records were available with it. The response was based on an application by Dev Ashish Bhattacharya.When asked for available records on the basis of which the PM made the \"observations\" the PMO said, \"No such information is available on the records held by this office.\"The PM in his speech at the Central Information Commission's convention in October had said that there were \"concerns about frivolous and vexatious use of the Act in demanding information the disclosure of which cannot possibly serve any public purpose\".\"Sometimes information covering a long time-span or a large number of cases is sought in an omnibus manner with the objective of discovering an inconsistency or mistake which can be criticized. Such queries besides serving little productive social purpose are also a drain on the resources of the public authorities, diverting precious man-hours that could be put to better use. Such requests for information have in fact come in for adverse criticism by the Supreme Court as well as the Central Information Commission,\" he added.Singh had said that there were also concerns regarding \"possible infringement of personal privacy while providing information under the Right to Information Act\", suggesting that a fine balance was required to be maintained between RTI and the right to privacy. \"The citizens' right to know should definitely be circumscribed if disclosure of information encroaches upon someone's personal privacy,\" he said.He had also said added that the issue of inclusion of public private partnerships under the RTI Act may \"discourage\" private industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17456783", "title": "VIDC chief charges govt with injustice to Vidarbha", "text": "NAGPUR: So far only politicians, social activists and mediapersons have charged state government with meting out injustice to Vidarbha, especially in the irrigation sector. Now, a senior officer, that too a serving one, has followed suit.Prafullachandra Zapke, executive director (ED) of Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC), had dashed off two scathing letters to water resources secretary D B Shirke on July 24 and October 20 charging the water resources ministry with doing injustice to Vidarbha. The reason was a decision of government to transfer engineers from VIDC elsewhere when the agency had asked for more engineers to complete large number of pending projects.With the winter session just a week ahead, this letter has the potential of becoming another letter bomb like the one written by whistleblower Vijay Shirke regarding rampant corruption in irrigation projects. Irrigation has always been central to Vidarbha's grievance within Maharashtra as state has steadfastly refused to give its fair share in spite of directives from Governor.Zapke had sent a communication to Shirke on May 29 urging the ministry to provide more engineers to the corporation as it had over 21% vacancies and had to spend Rs 4,500 crore in 2012-13. He pointed out that 336 posts of Class II engineers (junior, section and assistant engineers) were vacant in VIDC. For smooth functioning of the agency, the percentage vacancy should not be more than 5%, he contended.Instead of transferring engineers from the four other irrigation development corporations (IDCs) and water resources department (WRD) to VIDC, the government did the reverse. It shifted 33 engineers out of VIDC while moving in only seven engineers to VIDC thus increasing the vacancies by 26.In the July 24 letter, Zapke stated that due to this decision the number of vacancies in VIDC had increased from 336 to 362 out of total 1,575 posts of Class II engineers. This was nothing but injustice to Vidarbha. While he did not say this the letter added that Rs 1,700 crore pertaining to 2011-12 had remained unspent.He further pointed out that when the engineers had sought transfers, VIDC had made it clear it could not let them go unless replacements were provided. Unfortunately, this was ignored. He pleaded that the vacancies should be filled up immediately for speedy removal of Vidarbha's irrigation backlog. When the ministry did not listen to his appeal, he wrote another protest letter on October 20 demanding that either the transfers of the VIDC engineers should be cancelled or the agency should be provided replacements.\"This year (2012-13) the work burden on VIDC (on basis of funds) is 2.5 times that of Maharashtra Krishna Valley IDC or Marathwada Godavari IDC. The number of engineers in the two is 1,313 and 1,323 respectively whereas VIDC only has 1,213 engineers. This contradiction is nothing but injustice to Vidarbha,\" Zapke stated.Congress MLA Virendra Jagtap, slamming the water resources ministry for anti-Vidarbha move, said, \"the government says Vidarbha's financial backlog has been removed as additional funds have been sanctioned. Now that money is being given, the water resources ministry is depriving VIDC of manpower so that our projects keep languishing in 2012-13,\" he added.Sena no-trust move against govtShiv Sena has decided to table no confidence motion against the Democratic Front (DF) government over the massive irregularities in irrigation sector. The party has sent a notice to Speaker Dilip Walse-Patil against chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and his ministers under Assembly Rule 95. Sena leader Subhash Desai told media that former DCM Ajit Pawar's resignation was a gimmick and he was the captain of a corrupt team having members like Chhagan Bhujbal , Sunil Tatkare, Vijaykumar Gavit and Gulabrao Deokar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17459169", "title": "In the dumps: Firm will go to court", "text": "CHENNAI: Slapped with a termination notice for poor performance besides a fine of 6 crore, imposed by the Chennai Corporation, Ramky Enviro Limited which collects garbage in three zones in the city has decided to knock on the doorsof courts.Ramky, which is in charge of garbage clearance in Adyar, Teynampet and Kodambakkam zones, has been facing chargesof poor garbagecollection and short-deployment of trained men.Corporation commissioner DKarthikeyan saidthecivic body was not satisfied with Ramky's work. \"They have not done a good job in the three zones. If they stop work, we will come up with better plans. We will also ensure that garbage is properly cleared from thestreets,\" hesaid. The corporation has also imposed a fine of nearly 6 croreon Ramky for poor garbage collection. Officials said Ramky could not show improvement even after severalshow-cause notices.Because of complaints, the civic body had to take over some of the wards in these three zones managed by the Ramky, they said.When contacted, Ram Mohan Rao, nationalheadof Ramky Enviro Limited, confirmed that they had been issued notice. \"Wehave received a termination noticefrom thecorporation. But they have not pointed out specific fault on our part. Also, we have been improving our garbage collection works in these three zones. We are doing a good job in other cities put under our care,\" Raosaid.Caught in a tussle, residents in the three zones are keeping their fingers crossed. \"Idon'tknowwhatwillhappen if Ramky stop their work. If they take away all their bins andworkersonefine morning, who will clear the garbage from the streets,\" asked Malathy Kumariof TNagar.It is nosecretthattheChennai Corporation has decided to privatize garbageclearanceoperationsin allthe15zones.Corporation officials said tenders would be floated in a couple of weeks. But residents are worried because of the bitter experiences in the past at the hands of privatefirmsengagedby the civic body for garbage collection andclearance.The previous DMK-headed corporation council too had terminated its contract with Neel Metal Fanalca for poor garbage clearance in the same zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17461711", "title": "Yamudiki Mogudu to release on Dec 21", "text": "The release of Allari Naresh-starrer Yamudiki Mogudu is being scheduled for December 21. The post-production works (re-recording) of the film are progressing briskly and director E Sattibabu exudes confidence about the project. \"Yamudiki Mogudu will surely entertain all sections of the audience and it will be laugh riot. We are pretty confident that the film will reach the expectations considering that the movie is coming after Allari Naresh super hit film Sudigadu,\" says Sattibabu.Produced by Chanti Addala on Friendly Movies banner, Sayaji Shinde will be seen in the role of Yama and Ramyakrishna will play his wife. Richa Panai played another important role. The film will have about 70 minutes of graphics which will one of the highlights. Music is by Koti and Camera is by K Ravindrababu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17458514", "title": "Plea filed against Anil Ambani", "text": "MADURAI: Accusing Mumbai-based Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group chairman Anil Ambani of fraud, a petition has been filed before the Madurai Bench of the Madras high court seeking a direction to the CBI to register an FIR based on a complaint lodged by Madurai-based advocate A Kesavan. According to Kesavan's criminal original petition, shares of two companies Reliance Natural Resources Limited (RNRL) and Reliance Power (R-Power) were sold at the Bombay Stock Exchange during July 2010.Suddenly due to Ambani's policy decision, the two companies were merged. While doing so, Anil Ambani simply undermined the value of RNRL shares by offering one share of R-Power to four shares of RNRL, which caused a huge loss of Rs 2,000 crores to shareholders across the country, including the petitioner, who had purchased 1,000 shares of RNRL, the petitioner said.The petitioner also pointed out that when a public limited company, which floated its share in the open market, wants to take a major policy decision such as amalgamation, merger, allowing foreign shareholders to acquire a majority stake among others, a meeting of the general body is required. Such a meeting should be conveyed to shareholders across the country by issuing a public notice in the newspapers in which the company should apprise shareholder of its intent and agenda. Without issuing the notification across the country, except in Mumbai, meeting of both companies was urgently organized in which the merger was announced.Regarding this, the petitioner has sent complaints to the directors of CBI, Ministry of Corporate Affairs' Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) on December 8, 2010, mentioning the large-scale financial scam.As there was no action on their part, the petitioner filed an application under RTI Act before the CBI to know the status of his complaint on April 29, 2011. But it was said that no complaint was received by CBI. At the same time, the postal department confirmed the delivery of his complaint. When the petitioner took this to the CBI again by way of an RTI appeal, he was told that it was not clear as to which branch of CBI the complaint was delivered. Finally, he was told on September 8, 2011, that his complaint has been forwarded to SEBI, the petitioner stated.Insisting on a CBI investigation in his prayer, the petitioner said the SFIO ought to have exercised its power to investigate the alleged fraud. But it was not done. In the absence of such action by the SFIO, the CBI alone can inquire into the matter to bring the alleged fraudulent transaction to light, the petitioner contended.This petition will be heard by the Madurai Bench on Monday.Prior to this petition, two petitions were filed by the petitioner before the Madurai Bench seeking a direction to SEBI and SFIO to investigate the issue. But the court rejected the petitions on the grounds of locus standi, jurisdiction and cause of action. The petitioner has challenged the rejection by way of a separate appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17458994", "title": "IIT-Roorkee alumni launches unique funding initiative for students", "text": "In an initiative to fund student projects, the alumni of Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Roorkee, has launched an online funding platform under the name 'Student Alumni Association of Roorkee' or SAAR. It is an interactive technology-enabled transaction platform (www.saar.org.in) designed for the student community of the institute. The platform would enable the alumni of the institution to become investors or directly fund student projects.Ravi Sharma, a 1984-batch alumnus of the institute, has created the platform along with a team of 50 students, who are currently enrolled at the institute. \"The plan behind the digital initiative was to bridge the gap between academics and industry. It was to encourage students into entrepreneurship and turn their ideas into industrial reality of products and services. The portal design and execution have been carried out completely by the students,\" he says.Students would be able to publish their projects on the portal and connect with alumni as well as fellow batchmates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17457148", "title": "Sofia Ashraf: Rapping for a cause", "text": "BHOPAL: She raps for the Bhopal gas victims, raising their voices and sufferings through her songs. Her song even inspired a flash mob protest against Dow Chemicals at the London Olympics.'Sofie' as she calls herself on stage, found a new direction to her music, when in 2009, she participated in a justice rocks concert at Chennai called 'No More Bhopals'. Sofie along with Ajay Maniraj rapped 'Don't work for Dow' which became an instant hit.Music maestro A R Rahman picked her to sing the hit rap number 'Jiya Re Jiya Re' in Jab Tak Hai Jaan (2012). For 24-year-old Sofia Ashraf, justice rocks!\"I was rapping in Burkha. It surprised me how the crowd accepted it and paid more attention to the message,\" said Ashraf. \"The concert for the Bhopal gas victims changed my life and gave a new expression to my music,\" she added.There has been no looking back for this Malayali Muslim, dubbed the 'burka rapper', who now rap's about religion, women's issues and even the Mumbai attack. \"I thought I understood the suffering of the Bhopal gas victims. When I wrote the song (along with Maniraj), I realized the liabilities Dow refuses to accept. Bhopal isn't far from Chennai, our generation cannot overlook the tragedy,\" said Ashraf.It has not been an easy ride. She earned quite a few brickbats for writing the Tamil hip-hop song single 'Club le Mubbu le'. The real surprise was when music maestro A R Rahman noticed her. Working with Rahman is an honour, is all she says refusing to reveal any more details on their future projects. However, she promises to raise her voice for the gas victims.She currently works as a senior copy writer with an advertising agency in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17456431", "title": "Nearly 20,000 youths take part in soldier recruitment rally", "text": "Mhow: Nearly 20,000 youths of Indore and Ujjain division took part in a physical test for the post of soldier (general duty) at Gorkha ground here in Mhow . The test tests for soldier (GD) started on Thursday and was scheduled to be concluded on Sunday.On Sunday, candidates from Alirajpur, Ratlam and Jhabua took part in the recruitment rally and showed their acumen required to become a soldier. Nearly, 4,000 candidates were able to run after scrutiny of their documents and 320 passed the physical test round that included 1600 metre run, long jump, beam pushups and height &amp; chest measurement. Nearly, 1,620 candidates were selected between in the test between Thursday and Sunday.One thousand six hundred and twenty youths.The candidates of all the districts of Indore and Ujjain division, for the post of technical and nursing soldier soldier and soldier (nursing) will be examined on Monday. The aptitude test for the tradesmen will be held on Tuesday. The rally that commenced on Thursday morning, will conclude on Tuesday.For the post of soldier (general duty), the candidates of Indore, Neemuch and Khandwa were examined on Thursday, those of Khargone, Mandsaur and Dewas were examined on Friday while those of Ujjain, Barwani and Burhanpur were examined on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457280", "title": "1.5k-room Sai ashram ready but still to open", "text": "MUMBAI: Devotees planning to visit Shirdi for an overnight stay will have to wait a little longer to use the new lodging facilities constructed in the temple town.The Shri Saibaba Sansthan Trust, Shirdi (SSST) is dithering over allowing public to use the services until the new facility is inaugurated.The two new lodging facilities - Sai Ashram I and II - were to be inaugurated by President Pranab Mukherjee on November 16 but the inauguration ceremony did not take place following the cancellation of the President's visit to the state on November 15. A fortnight later, the temple trust is yet to confirm the date of the premises' opening and expressed its inability to let devotees use the facility even though it is ready. This has inconvenienced devotees who were planning a visit to the temple town. \"Lodging facilities at Shirdi are inadequate, especially during weekends and the holiday season. We were planning a trip to the temple town hoping to use the new facility but will now be forced to opt for a costly private hotel instead,\" said Anuja Paradkar, a devotee residing in Mulund.\"Going by the affordable rates of the trust lodges, anyone would prefer to stay at the new facility. A decent hotel would cost us upwards of Rs 2,000 for an overnight stay,\" said another devotee.According to SSST officials, the Sai Ashrams were built at a cost of Rs 110 crore and comprise 1,536 rooms, of which 384 rooms are air-conditioned. The rooms can accommodate 9,000 devotees. An additional 192 dormitories can accommodate another 5,000 devotees. The facility is also equipped with a common services block including a restaurant and an open air theatre.Kishore More, executive officer, SSST confirmed that they were yet to receive any communication from the President's office regarding his visit to Maharashtra. \"We cannot finalize any date unless we receive communication from the President's office. We are awaiting a response from the collector's office which is coordinating his trip,\" More said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17458186", "title": "Employability in focus as IIM-A Confluence ends", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The final day of Confluence 2012, the annual business summit of Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A), saw leaders from the education space discuss opportunities for increasing employability of youth in India.A round-table conference was organized by the institute in association with Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FIwith panelists like state commissioner of higher education Jayanti Ravi, vice-chancellor of Gujarat Technological University Akshai Aggarwal, IIM-A professor M R Dixit, Infibeam founder Vishal Mehta and founder curator World Economic Forum Sunil Parekh.Ravi emphasized that education should not lead to people trying to fit everything into a known pattern as they move up, but should be about equality and fraternity. Aggarwal highlighted the commercialization of the education system, which has led to its downfall. He spoke about the benefits of collaboration of institutes with the small and medium industries as it would lead not just to learning but to implementation of ideas as well.The speaker sessions were based on the theme of inspiration, where the first speaker Param Vir Chakra Naib Subedar Yogendra Singh Yadav recounted the story of his phenomenal courage and bravery in helping India recapture Tiger Hill during the Kargil War of 1999. Yadav told the management students that they have the power to take the country in any direction and that they should make good use of this opportunity while keeping the spirit of patriotism burning bright in their hearts.Former Indian hockey captain Viren Rasquinha, who is currently the CEO of the Olympic Gold Quest, gave the future leaders of the country a few management tips based on his sporting story.The third day also saw the culmination of various events from the various spheres of management. Synergy, a first-of-its-kind event, was aimed at providing a platform for budding entrepreneurs in technology-based industries. The participant teams had to present their technical idea and business plan to the jury that consisted eminent people from academia and industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17456634", "title": "Narain Karthikeyan's F1 future under a cloud", "text": "CHENNAI: Indian ace Narain Karthikeyan's future in Formula One came under a cloud on Saturday when the list for the teams for the 2013 championship was announced. The Chennai driver's struggling team HRT was conspicous by its absence on the 11-member list published by the FIA (Federation Internationale de l'Automobile). The list was published on the FIA website with just 22 cars after the expiry of a Friday deadline for teams to pay their entry fees of $500,000.The Spanish outfit's off-track problems matched their woes on the track and their owners Thesan Capital had put the team up for sale in November and were hopeful of finding investors ahead of the deadline which has now passed. This is the latest in a series of setbacks for HRT since it's inception three seasons ago. HRT have had three different owners and have struggled to pick up any points. There were further reports of the cars' safety as well.Earlier Narain had expressed fears about the 2013 season after the Indian GP in October when reports first emerged about the possible sale of HRT. \"The plan for me was to stay with HRT for 2013 as it was looking good all along. As a team we have been making progress and the design for the 2013 car is reasonably competitive. I was quite sure of everything being in place and thus there was no Plan B,\" he said.Narain, who had a stint with NASCAR in 2010 before signing up with HRT, had said that he might have to look beyond life in the highest echelons of motorsport. \" I may be forced to look beyond F1 now so looks like it is going to be a very busy off-season,\" Narain had said.Moving to a different team also looks unlikely with regard to sponsorships and even Force India seems like an unlikely destination.There is still a possibility of the team competing if they are given more time to pay up but for now, the future of the fastest Indian on four wheels in F1 seems to have come to grinding halt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17456504", "title": "A house filled with World War memories", "text": "COIMBATORE: A bomb casing from the warfront in Mesopotamia, welded with two curved metal pieces and disguised as a flower vase, adorns the residence of Subedar K Ramasami Naidu's family in Coimbatore. Ramasami preserved the bomb casing as a souvenir after serving in World War I. Inscribed on the bottom of the vase are '1917' and a star sign, the only remnants of the past.History soaked in blood and valour lies inside the comfy confines of the residence of B Radhakrishnan and his family near Perumal Koil on Bharathiar Road in Pappanaickenpalayam. The residence, popularly known in the local Naidu community as 'Pattalathu Naicker Veedu,' is a tribute of sorts to Subedar K Ramasami, who served in World War I and his son B Balasundharam, who served in the Royal Indian Navy from 1939 to 1945 during World War II.\"My grandfather was a tough person but wanted to lead a peaceful life once he retired from service,\" says B Radhakrishnan, Ramasami's grandson, as he points to a picture of his grandfather in uniform, donning his military medals.Ramasami served with Queen Victoria's own Miners and Sappers unit as a jemadar in Iraq during World War I. He was posted at the warfront in Iran , Iraq, Afghanistan and Russia . He was part of the unit that combed bridges and main roads for mines and was responsible for clearing war trenches. Before he retired from service in 1921, he was stationed at Rawalpindi and England.Jemadars serving under the British were later adorned with the title of 'naib subedars' in official military records.\"Our father told us several stories that were told to him by his father who was a strict disciplinarianWe have preserves our grandfather's uniform, ironed and neatly folded along with the army-issued utility belts,\" says B Thilagam, Balasundharam's daughter.The family has preserved four out of the five gallantry medals awarded to Ramasami and three gallantry certificates signed by Sir Winston Churchill after he took over as the Secretary of State for War at the War Office in White Hall , London . Ramasami was honoured with Victoria Star medal (1914-1915), General Service Medal (1914 to 1918), Great War of Civilization (1914 to 1918, Victory, Afghan and Iraq) and St George II Class Russian Decoration Gold Medal (1914 to 1918).A ceremonial sword awarded to Ramasami by Sir Winston Churchill for his meritorious services is also on display.\"Old photographs, artefacts and awards collected by my father-in-law Ramasami and his son Balasundharam are our most precious family heirlooms,\" says B Vijayam.Balasundharam also followed in the footsteps of his father and served as a seaman during World War II in the Royal Indian Navy under the direct command of Admiral Louis Mountbatten, the last Viceroy of India. After he retired from service, he was employed as a supervisor and weapons consultant at Textool factory in Coimbatorewhich had procured a contract from Indian government in 1948 to manufacture and supply SBBL bore machine guns to the Indian army. He died at the age of 82.\"My father (Balasundharam) was awarded two war medals, Burma Star and war medals before he retired from serviceWe would like to set up a war memorial as a tribute to the city's war heroes ,\" Radhakrishnan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457215", "title": "Sloth bears from Mysore zoo to head to Germany", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four sloth bears from the Mysore zoo will be sent to the Leipzig zoo in Germany which is known for management of the vulnerable nocturnal mammal. In return, India will have access to knowledge and expertise on handling of sloth bear. This is one of the key features of the MoU signed between the zoo authorities of both the countries on Saturday.The Central Authority Zoo and the Leipzig zoo signed the memorandum of understanding for improving cooperation and management of captive animal population and the starting point was conserving the sloth bears.Elaborating on the plan, Dr J Junhold, president of the Leipzig zoo, said their zoo needs sloth bears for breeding which will be provided to them by the Mysore zoo. \"The idea is to maintain the population in both the countries. The Leipzig zoo is known for management of sloth bears since 1905 and the MoU shall help Indian zoos gain that knowledge,\" said Junhold.Junhold who is also the president of World Association of Zoos and Aquariums (WAZA) made his visit to Delhi a year before the next WAZA conference, which will be hosted in the city in 2014.For the exchange of sloth bears and its information, six Indian zoos have been identified. These are Delhi Zoo, Sri Chamarajendra Zoological Gardens, Mysore; Nehru Zoological Park, Hyderabad; Arignar Anna Zoological Park, Chennai; Assam State Zoo, Guwahati and Nandankanan Zoological Park, Bhubaneswar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17458722", "title": "Earphones, mobile phones up deafness risk", "text": "VARANASI: While unhygienic practices continue to be the major cause of deafness among people, the regular use of earphones for listening to music and telephonic conversations are alarmingly increasing the risk of deafness and other ear troubles especially for youngsters in this region.According to Dr RK Jain, Otolaryngologist at department of ENT, Sir Sundar Lal (SSL) hospital, Banaras Hindu University (BHU), deafness is caused either by congenital factors or is acquired. The acquired causes are however spreading their range in the region. These include various infectious diseases, chronic ear infections, the exposure to excessive noise, loud music, and use of earphones.\"While the infectious diseases and chronic ear infections which are commonly seen as discharging ears are generally hitting a large section of rural population with life-threatening complications, the deafness caused by excessive exposure to noise is affecting the urban youngsters to a great extent,\" informed Jain.\"Telephonic conversations are less harmful when they are only five to seven minutes long. However, one listens to music for hours which is more harmful. Any noise which falls on the ear continuously can lead to deafness,\" he informed.Notably, around 300 to 350 patients come complaining about ear-related problems in the OPD of ENT, SSL hospital. It is worth mentioning here that apart from patients from Eastern Uttar Pradesh, people from Bihar, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh and central UP also come to the hospital for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17457883", "title": "Students' union election: Candidates wooing hostellers", "text": "PATNA: The nip in the air has failed to bring down the rising temperature on Patna University campus gearing up for the students' union election on December 11. After the nomination process completed on Saturday, electioneering is in full swing.The candidates are trying to woo the students staying in hostels, expecting them to turn out in large numbers. Minto, Jackson, Iqbal, and Nootan hostels of Patna College, Saidpur hostel, BN College hostel, PG hostel at Ranighat, Hathwa hostel and Law College hostel are some of the vote pockets.\"If one student gets convinced, he/she can at least bring around four more votes. Thus, if we convince students of one hostel to vote for us, it can make a big difference as they can convince their friends too. To get their votes, we are either approaching them individually or by visiting common rooms of each hostel,\" one of the candidates, Nitish Kumar said.\"But visiting girls in their hostel is not possible for male candidates. So, either we approach them at their respective colleges, or outside hostel or send girl students supporting us for individual interaction,\" said an aspirant for the post of president.Two girls colleges of PU - Patna Women's College and Magadh Mahila College - have around 3,000 votes each. Thus, convincing them is very important.\"The main demand of the boarders are the renovation of hostel, availability of first aid box, better lavatories, common room and mess,\" said Deepak Kumar, an undergraduate boarder. The girls demand security, both on the campus and in hostel. \"We would vote only for those candidates who assure us security,\" said Misha Singh, an undergraduate student at Magadh Mahila College.But students' demands are not limited. There are several students looking for better facilities. \"Along with basic facilities, we also need better canteen, parking spaces, availability of more classrooms as more than one classes are being conducted in single classroom,\" said Saurabh Kumar, a postgraduate students of Patna University.The students of vocational courses from Patna Women's College, Magadh Mahila College, B N College and Patna College demand withdrawal of dress code and freedom to enjoy college life in casuals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "tindivanam", "code": "17459266", "title": "Night patrol cop prevents bank burglary", "text": "TINDIVANAM: A special sub-inspector on night patrol foiled a gang's bid to break into a cooperative bank in the early hours of Sunday near Tindivanam in Villupuram district.Police said the burglars gained entry into a primary agriculturecooperativebank at Vepperi near Tindivanam by breaking open the shutters of the bank on the first floor using welding kits.The gang broke open three iron doors leading to the safe where about 7kg of gold worth 3 crore was stored. As they were trying to break open the safe, special sub-inspector K Lalbahadur, who was on night patrol, reached the spot to sign the 'patrolling register' maintained by the bank watchman.The policeman spotted a vehicle parked near the bank, which made him suspicious and he raised an alarm. Hearing him, the gang fled leaving their car.A police team led by DSP SKuppusamy rushedtothespot and made preliminary inquiries. A police dog was brought in. It sniffed a trail leading to a nearby village.Policeseizedthe car, gas cylinders and welding kits. The burglars had used a fake registration number for the vehicle. Forensic experts have gathered fingerprints from the vehicle used by the burglars.Policehave registered a case under Section 380 (theft in a house), 457 (house-breaking by night to commit offence punishable with imprisonment) and 511 (punishment for attempting to commit offences punishable with imprisonment for life or other imprisonment) under Indian Penal Code and launched a probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "gk veedhi", "code": "17456586", "title": "People's Liberation Guerrilla Army week: A calm Day 1", "text": "GK VEEDHI: The day one of Maoist PLGA (People's Liberation Guerrilla Army) week which started on Sunday went smooth with no major incident being reported from the region. Police deployed a huge contingent of forces to thwart the attempts of Naxals from conducting the PLGA celebrations. RTC buses operated in the Agency with police escort. Apart from the companies of Andhra Pradesh Special Police, the Greyhounds and CRPF jawans were also deployed in huge numbers. Though the focus was on the entire Agency, police kept a close watch on Chintapalli, G K Veedhi and Munchingput mandals, which are Maoist-infested.About 500 personnel have been deployed in GK Veedhi alone. In Maoist pockets like Pedavalasa, Sapparla, Ammavaru Darakonda, Sileru, Gerela and Garimanda, a police party comprising about 30 personnel was deployed at every 10 km distance. A senior police officer involved in anti-naxal operations told TOI that 1,500 to 1,800 personnel have been deployed in the Agency. While the APSP, Greyhounds and district commandos are on their own as they are familiar with the language and the terrain, local policemen and surrendered naxalites have been attached to the CRPF for logistic support and route mapping. The fortification of the police stations and police pickets had begun a month back and the area domination strategy by the forces has been on since last 10 days.Commenting on the strategy of area domination by the cops,SP (rural) G Srinivas said, \"It is nothing but increasing our visibility in the sensitive areas. This by itself will frustrate the Maoists from committing any offence. We have also intensified vehicle checking, patrolling, combing operation and nakabandi.\" During the PLGA week, cops are strictly told to venture out in batches of 10 or 15 and fully armed. The Maoists have been celebrating the PLGA week since 2000 in memory of slain central committee members Adi Reddy, Seelam Naresh and Erramreddy Santosh Reddy, who were killed in an alleged encounter in Koyyur of Tadicherla mandal in Karimnagar district on December 2, 1999.During the week, they hold public meetings to lure new recruits, give speeches against the establishment and conduct cultural programmes. A separate team under Maoist commander K Venkat Rao alias Ravi was formed to track police informers. Ravi is a native of Chintapalli. Sources said east division committee secretary Bakuri Venkata Ramana alias Ganesh is ailing and contemplating an early surrender.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457862", "title": "Two organizers may be held for riot losses soon", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch probing the August 11 rioting have held responsible two organizers of the protest at Azad Maidan for the damages which caused a loss of Rs 2.74 crore.Sources said that the crime branch is likely to arrest the two-Rizwan Khan alias Dayawan and Ahmed Raza. \"We may take a call on the two suspects this week as we have to book somebody from the mob for the damages. The two had organized the event, took permission from the Azad Maidan police, sent SMSes to informing people of the event and invited leaders,\" said an officer.According to the police records, while Raza of Madina Tul-Ilm had obtained permission from the Azad Maidan police to organize the morcha, Dayawan from Kurla had financed the event. He had arranged to distribute the pamphlets, send invite SMSes to people, etc.\"Raza in his application had said that 1,500-2,000 people would assemble, however, the crowd was 100 times more. Due to the underestimation, the crowd outnumbered and the duo, who had organized the event, failed to control the mob, which ransacked public properties, most of the which belonged to the government (vehicles of the police and the BMC),\" said another officer.Sources said the collector had issued notices to the two for recovery of the damages. After filing a chargesheet, the police send a letter to the collector for recovery of the damages from the organizers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457139", "title": "Flyover work on Pankha Road a hazard for people", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even after missing two deadlines, the South corporation's ambitious Dabri flyover on Pankha Road is nowhere near completion. Moreover, with no step taken for the safety of pedestrians, hundreds of residents of Janakpuri and Dabri risk their lives every day while crossing the road.Nine-year-old Sahil, a resident of Dabri, has to brave the fast-moving traffic every day to reach his school, Sarvodaya Vidyalaya in Janakpuri, which is just across the road. \"The traffic never stops and me and my friends hold hands while crossing the road,\" said Sahil, who also jumps over a four-foot-high divider to cross the road.The Pankha Road project is a prime example of poor planning and bad management. \"There have been problems in this project right from the start. The corporation failed in planning the project properly. There are no traffic signal on this 1km-long stretch to help pedestrians cross the road and they have to dodge the traffic to cross the road,\" said Sanjay Puri, a former councillor.Even the construction site is not barricaded properly. The one carriageway that was opened to public recently is also not lit. \"Streetlights have not been installed. At night, it is extremely dangerous to drive on this stretch,\" said Gulshan Rai, president of Janakpuri C2 Block resident welfare association.According to Rajesh Gehlot, chairman, standing committee, South corporation, \"The construction company will be asked to deploy marshals to man the site. We are in talks with traffic police to install a traffic signal for pedestrian movement on this stretch as the construction work will continue for at least six months. We are going to open the second carriageway soon.\"The project, sanctioned in 2009, was scheduled to be completed by 2011, but last year the deadline was extended by a year. Officials say that though the civic agency will open both the carriageways, the entire flyover will be complete only by 2013-end, as the work on the clover leaf connecting west Delhi to Dwarka has just started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17461608", "title": "Shah Rukh gets Morocco's medal of honour", "text": "Superstar Shah Rukh Khan has been conferred Morocco's prestigious Medal of Honour.The ongoing Marrakech International Film Festival paid a tribute to Hindi Cinema's 100 years and a bevy of Bollywood stars, including Amitabh Bachchan , Hrithik Roshan , Sridevi and Shah Rukh were among its guest list.After the tribute, Prince Moulay Rachid hosted a dinner for Indian delegation of Bollywood actors. At the royal dinner, Rachid presented Shah Rukh with Medal of Honour of Morocco.Shah Rukh also tweeted his picture with the medal.\"Thanks for the honour and happiness. All the best for the rest of the festival,\" he tweeted.Previously, Amitabh was also decorated with the Medal of Honour of Morocco by Morocco's King Mohammed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17457063", "title": "A sexual awakening: Activists stir debate among disabled", "text": "CHENNAI: When Kavitha, a statistician working in a government office, turned 25 she found it strange that her parents never broached the subject of marriage. All her friends were getting hitched and her older sister had been married at 24. She travelled alone from her house to office, held a secure job, and went about her daily duties independently. So she didn't think having cerebral palsy would be an impediment to marriage.Kavitha's parents, like many others, rarely consider their disabled son's or daughter's desire for marriage or sexual fulfillment as a priority. \"Society and parents just assume that disabled people are asexual,\" says M Muthuselvi, who is visually impaired and works in a private sector bank.Their reluctance to talk about sexuality and or ensure that their children have access to information regarding their identity and desires is a problem. \"It is important to educate a woman about her body, sexuality and protection in a way that it is accessible to her,\" said Smitha, a teacher at Vidya Sagar, a school that works with special children. \"A hearing impaired person should be offered the information in writing or sign language, a visually impaired person should get it in Braille. Once they are aware, they should be allowed to make their own choices and express their sexuality,\" she said.At a workshop on Sunday, disability rights activists encouraged women to assert their conjugal and sexual rights. \"Sexuality is not just sexual intercourse,\" said an activist. \"Families continue treating disabled people like children. Sexuality includes feeling attractive and recognizing your desires towards the opposite or same sex,\" said Smitha.The session revealed how little disabled women knew about their bodies. While filling questionnaires, at least six women with cerebral palsy in their mid-twenties, among a group of around 30 disabled women, could not express what the term 'sex' meant to them, and did not know the meaning of masturbation. \"Many women do not even know that that they can have sexual intercourse and bear children with a little care. They took time to talk about masturbation,\" said Dr Aishwarya Rao, a child health specialist who is disabled.A separate set of seminars for parents is being planned to help them handle their disabled child's sexuality. Activists say they have faced situation of parents saying, \"You want marriage? In this condition? How will you manage? What if the boy dumps you in a while?\"Muthuselvi said her parents don't mind her getting married, but oppose having a similarly visually impaired person for a son-in-law. \"They think if both of us are blind, our child may be born blind, which will make our lives more difficult,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17456793", "title": "Symposium on bauxite from today", "text": "NAGPUR: With the aim of strengthening the aluminum industry across the world the industry is shifting its focus on developing it with countries which have high growth potential like India and China. The International Bauxite, Alumina and Aluminium Society (IBAAS) is making serious efforts to bring scientists, technocrats and industrialists on a single platform to give a boost to the industry which is otherwise on decline in most countries.IBAAS, in association with Jawaharlal Nehru Aluminium Research Development and Design Centre (JNARDDC) in city and Indian Aluminium Industry across the world, is organizing a three-day symposium on 'Bauxite, alumina and aluminium industry of Asia' from Monday to Wednesday at Hotel Radisson Blu.Ashok Nandi, symposium convener, said more than 70 organizations are expected to participate in the mega event. Delegates from Australia, Austria, Canada, China, Germany, USA and other countries will be part of the event. Professionals from the field of Asian aluminum industry will interact and work out plans for the development of the industry in the region. Besides technical papers in scientific session, the conference will also have special sessions on 'processing innovations in aluminium ceramics and 'new and emerging application of alumina ceramics'. The symposium is also being seen as one of the biggest events to work out plans for metallurgical bauxite and special alumina products.At present the alumina cost is very low whereas the production process is expensive. The symposium thus also aims at improving the technology to make it a more economically viable process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17456399", "title": "Two held trying to sell 1000 fake gold coins", "text": "BHOPAL: Two persons, who tried to con a man by selling fake gold coins worth Rs 20 lakh were arrested near Mubarakpur tri-section on the outskirts of Bhopal here on Saturday. Over 1,000 fake gold coins were recovered from their possession.Police said the accused, Qasim and Sattar conned one Sunil Sharma into purchasing fake gold coins and struck a deal of Rs 20 lakhs. After agreeing to the deal initially, Sharma became suspicious of the two and informed the police. The cops subsequently, laid a trap and arrested the duo with fake gold coins.The accused are linked to an inter-state gang involved in the sale of fake gold coins. They have also confessed to the police that they got the coins from Rajasthan.Police said the accused approached Sharma stating that one of his associates has found gold coins in a farm and he is ready to sell them at a cheap price and a deal was struck.But the complainant became suspicious about their intentions and went to the police and informed the incident. The police also asked him to carry on with the 'deal' and started following him. Initially, the accused dodged him for over an hour.They finally called him at a culvert near Mubarakpur (near Raksha Vihar) and as soon as they took out the fake coins, a police team following Sharma swung into action and arrested the duo.The accused made all out efforts to evade the arrest and even manhandled the cops but were overpowered, the officials added.The duo are being interrogated and the police are trying to extract information regarding similar crime committed by them in the past in Bhopal and adjoining areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17457920", "title": "Modern day Noah has 19 cats, 3 dogs", "text": "THANE: He could easily fit the modern version of Noah, the Biblical character who built an ark and saved the animal world from extinction during floods. Kaustabh Gokhale's ark is a 250 sq-ft room in his three-storied building, Siddhi Vinayak Prasad, in Dombivli (E), where he hosts 19 cats and three dogs-all rescued from near-death on the streets.The cosy well-ventilated room has been transformed into a home for his feline and canine friends. A tenant family, who occupied the room, was persuaded to vacate the premises to make room for the growing family of pets.Passionate about his kittens and puppies, Gokhale has left nothing to chance. Two steel storage racks have been turned into bunk beds with clean beddings kept inside 19 plastic tubs, walls sprayed with eucalyuptus oil to act as repellant for leeches, and a huge wooden log to help sharpen their nails.If that's not all, an in-house bathroom here has been turned into a designated potty place for the cats. \"Initially, the cats would go out to relieve themselves and bring home mud and dirt stuck to their paws. We decided to create an indoor potty and got six to eight small plastic tubs and filled them with a mixture of fine sand particles and saw dust. After a little training, the cats would dig up the soft and loose sand inside these tub and after defecating, cover it up. The sand from these tubs is then emptied into the garden once every week and used as compost for plants,'' Gokhale said.A real estate consultant by procession and an RTI activist, Gokhale proudly announces that all of his pets are of \"native breed'', rescued from starvation on the streets. One of the three strays which occupies a bed belonging to Gokhale's younger son, was brought from the pet care centre run by the Kalyan-Dombivli corporation. He was suffering from jaundice and was starved, so we brought him home, Gokhale said.\"We always liked pets but never had one at home as space was a constraint. One rainy morning, six years ago, my daughter Kaushika bought home a kitten completely drenched and shivering and pleaded that we keep it at home. We gave in to her request and all of these 17 cats here in this room are his family. We have named him Badshah and his wife is Billo,'' Gokhale said while checking the neatly arranged food bowls in the pets' room.Just like the Gokhales, their pets too are strictly vegetarian. \"The cats are fed on cat food. None of my cats will touch food or even milk kept in our kitchen unless we offer it to them,'' he said.As for the canines, the staple diet is milk and chapatti. The steady diet and proper care is evident from the size of Gokhale's pets with the burly cats weighing anywhere between 10 to 15 kg.\"These pets are a great stress-buster,'' the 50-plus Gokhale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17458711", "title": "Swaying to Dhemsa beats", "text": "KORAPUT: Young girls forming chains and dancing to the tune of traditional tribal musical instruments is common in the tribal villages of Koraput . This dance popularly called Dhemsa is an age-old folk dance form and popular among the Parajas , Gadabas , Bhumias , Bhotras and Kandhs .\"Dhemsa has a unique composition, style, rhythm, body language and costume. Girls dance by matching their steps with the beat of traditional musical instruments. Like the life of tribals, there is nothing artificial about this dance and this is the main reason for its wide acceptance,\" said secretary of Koraput Sabara Srikhetra Krushna Panigrahi.Though there is no evidence regarding the origin of the dance, its importance in the life of tribals can be easily understood from the fact that almost every tribal village has a Dhemsa troupe and every individual takes part in it. \"Dhemsa has not been properly highlighted by the media or recognized like other folk forms. It is high time to conserve this rich art form. The dance should be documented and efforts made to popularize this art at the national-level,\" Panigrahi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17457644", "title": "Thousands of Puneites brave the chill to run marathon", "text": "PUNE: Thousands of Puneites woke up to a bright and chilly morning on Sunday and took part in the 27th Pune International Marathon on Sunday. From two-year-old Jahnavi Kadam, the youngest participant, to Shakuntala Kale (70), one of the oldest participants, the Pune marathon witnessed citizens from all walks of life hit the road.\"It's the only sport where we can run with champions. Even if I want to, I cannot play cricket alongside Sachin Tendulkar or play tennis with Rafael Nadal. But in a marathon, I have the opportunity to run at least a few initial steps alongside some of the champions,\" Kedar Ranade, a participant, said.The Shivmudra group cheered on the participants with a 'dhol-tasha' performance at the Khandujibaba Chowk, from where the marathon kicked off.While the full marathon and half marathon for both men and women were flagged off at 7 am, the other categories commenced an hour later. The wheelchair race was flagged off by city MP Suresh Kalmadi at 8 am, followed by the senior citizens' race at 8.15 am. Other categories, including boys and girls, followed later.The AIDS charity run, which has become one of the highlights of the Pune International Marathon over the years, witnessed an enthusiastic response. Painted faces, banners and placards drew attention to the runners and spread awareness about HIV/AIDS.Participant Shalmali Gade, an IT professional, said, \"This is not just a 3.5 km race; we have gathered on the streets of Pune to support a cause.\"The charity run kicked off from Khandujibaba chowk around 9 am. Youngsters, senior citizens, corporate employees, housewives, IT professionals and students, among others, participated in the run to raise funds for charity.Participants also carried placards condemning female foeticide. Participant, Sunita Lele said, \"With increasing cases of female foeticide, the future of women is in danger. We need to spread awareness about saving the girl child. We thought that the marathon was a perfect opportunity to spread the message.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17458165", "title": "40 demoiselle cranes found dead in Amreli", "text": "AHMEDABAD: At least 40 demoiselle cranes were found dead near Victor Dam at Rajula in Amreli district.While preliminary investigation suggested the migratory birds died due to breathing problem, experts are not ruling out the possibility of bird flu.\"We carried out the post-mortem locally and doctors opine the birds died of breathing disorder. We have sent the samples to the veterinary hospital in Jungadh to know whether the birds were infected with avian influenza,\" said district forest officer G C Makwana.Dr Asad Rahmani, director of Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS), said, \"The possibility of bird flu cannot be ruled out since the cranes died in large numbers. The forest department should collect the blood samples and send them to the High Security Animal Disease Laboratory in Bhopal.\"On Saturday, volunteers brought five dead cranes to the forest department office in Rajula and one was in its last throes. The crane was treated and was sent to the forest hospital where its condition is said to be stable.Interestingly, two kites were also found dead in the same area. Officials believe that scavengers might have fed on the carcass of the cranes.Dinesh Goswami, a wildlife activist, said, \"I was in the area and about 10 cranes died within 30 minutes. It looked like the birds were having some breathing trouble and were frothing as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "arwal", "code": "17457987", "title": "Sone bridge ready for inauguration", "text": "ARWAL: With the completion of a mega river bridge between Arwal and Sahar on the Sone, a long-cherished dream of the people of Magadh and Bhojpur regions has come true. \"Built at a cost of Rs. 188.78 crore, this is the first bridge on turn-key basis by the Bihar Rajya Pul Nirman Nigam (BRPNN). A Haryana-based construction company completed the bridge in a record time,\" said secretary, road construction department (RCD), Pratyaya Amrit. The two-lane 2040 metre long, 12 metre-wide bridge has 1.5 km stretch of approach road, 1 km of which is on the Arwal side, while the remaining is on the Sahar side. It has altogether 34 spans of 60 metre each and meets the NH-98 and the NH-110 at Arwal, said Amrit.He expressed hope that the bridge would go a long way in ensuring rapid economic development of districts like Arwal, Jehanabad, Bhojpur and Rohtas. Additionally, the bridge will reduce the load on the overburdened Abdul Bari Bridge on Sone at Koelwar (Bhojpur), he added. The RCD secretary also said, \"After the formal commissioning of the bridge, the traffic load on NH-98 and NH-110 will also increase. The NH-98 is in a good shape while the NH -110 between Arwal and Jehanabad is in poor shape. Work on the NH -110 from the Jehanabad side is already underway, while work on the NH from Arwal side covering a 18 km stretch will be taken up shortly. We have already invited tenders for the construction of the 18 km stretch from the Arwal side. Keeping in view the expected rush of traffic on the NH-110 with the opening of the new bridge at Arwal, we are trying our level best to complete works on NH-110 by the end of 2013,\" he added.When asked about the inauguration of the new bridge, Amrit said the CM is currently preoccupied with legislative business in the state assembly. As soon as he is free from his pressing engagements, he will dedicate the new bridge to the people, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17456864", "title": "PCS officers thank Akhilesh for ending promotion deadlock", "text": "LUCKNOW: Ending a decade-old logjam on promotion of provincial civil services officers to IAS cadre, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav authorised the promotion of 147 PCS officers and hosted the newly inducted officers to tea at his official residence on Saturday. The promoted officers thanksed Akhilesh for ending the status quo that will help fill nearly 150 vacancies at the IAS level, all of which had been lying vacant so far.In June, Akhilesh had written to the Centre seeking their approval for the creation of 11 temporary posts for promoted PCS officers citing an acute shortage of administrative staff in UP, especially at the district level postings. Now, with 110 PCS officials promoted to IAS cadre, the state can look forward to a more seamless management of administrative affairs. Speaking to TOI, special secretary, department of urban development and president of PCS Association, SP Singh, said, \"This decision was long over due. It now stands proven that anything can be achieved with political will. The chief minister met us for nearly 45 minutes and welcomed us into the IAS cadre. We appreciate the move.\"For UP's serving PCS officers, though, it is a long journey , still. The state government has only promoted PCS officers up to the 1983 batch. According to service rules, all PCS officers become eligible for promotion to the IAS cadre after putting in eight years of service. Though officers of this cadre have been promoted to IAS in most other states, in UP, no promotions were effected even after officers served the state for over 30 years.At present, the strength of the IAS cadre in UP is 537 officers, of which 374 are recruited directly, while the remaining 163 are inducted from the state civil services from the executive branch. However, only a handful of officers from the PCS and state services cadre could be promoted in the past six years.Singh added, \"After having persisted in our fight for all these years, we are happy the logjam has been lifted. As senior experienced members of the state's bureaucracy, we are confident that we will be effective in discharging our duties, as we have been doing for many years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mandrem", "code": "17456636", "title": "Chaos at Arambol meet forces adjournment", "text": "MANDREM: Chaos prevailed at the Arambol panchayat's gram sabha on Sunday forcing an adjournment as villagers levelled allegations against panchayat members over misappropriation of government funds, encouraging illegal constructions along the Arambol beach, delays in identifying land for garbage management and plastic menace.Sarpanch Herculine Rodrigues and other members could not answer the villagers queries. After the panchayat secretary read out a report on the previous meeting, a villager Devanand Kudav referred to the 10.5 lakh given to the panchayat by the government on the eve of the golden jubilee celebrations of Goa's Liberation.Another villager Santosh Korkhankar raised the issue of garbage being thrown along the main road. When sarpanch Rodrigues informed that the panchayat has taken the initiative to put up dust bins near the main road junction, villagers claimed that it was not necessary to put dust bins along the junction as measures were required to prevent garbage being thrown along the main Arambol road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17459167", "title": "Narhari Amin rages against party", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17456597", "title": "SP Allen de Sa applies for early retirement", "text": "PANAJI: After sparking a controversy over holding dual citizenship, Superintendent of police (SP) Allen de Sa applied for voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) from the police department.\"I have completed many years in services and now require some rest and want to spend time with my family,\" Allen stated as his reason for VRS in the application. Allen has also been on leave since he has applied for the VRS.Sources in the police department said that any person having completed 25 years in service can apply for VRS. Allen who joined the force as a police sub-inspector, served in in different capacities before being promoted to SP.Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, in September, accused de Sa of holding dual citizenship. He also charged the officer with allowing matka (gambling) activities to flourish in South Goa.Pacheco has also filed a complaint with the home minister-chief minister Manohar Parrikar and DGP Kishan Kumar. The complaint accuses de Sa of having 'voluntarily acquired the nationality of Portugal and concealing these facts from the state'.Mickky had demanded an inquiry be initiated against him and his assets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17459410", "title": "Why Gauri's kid can't get a pink frock", "text": "BANGALORE: Gauri Ramesh has just readied a beautiful pink frock to be sent to Europe. And as she holds it up to check if everything is fine from buttons to threads, the 27-year-old imagines her 8-year-old daughter in the frock. A gentle tap from her supervisor to hurry up brings her back to reality.\"Our rights end here. I ready garments for children in Europe, Germany and the US. But I simply cannot afford to see that on my little one. I cannot dress her up in branded clothes though I have made thousands of them for children I never know. That's the irony,\" Gauri says as she goes about picking up the next garment in a prominent garment-export house on Mysore Road.Gauri is among six lakh workers in Bangalore's 850 garment export factories which generate nearly Rs 6,000 crore in yearly sales. After China and Bangladesh, India is the third largest exporter of textiles; Bangalore and Tirupur contribute 60% of India's exports. The low wages in Bangladesh, Rs 2,008 compared to Rs 5,160 in Bangalore, has had international brands making a beeline for our South Asian neighbour.Pink frocks mean nothing for workers like Gauri, who get just Rs 172 for a gruelling 8-hour day; verbal abuses and sexual harassment are not uncommon in such environments. \"A supervisor once told me to stand next to his desk for a whole day because I questioned the impractical targets set for the day. No work was given to me. For two days I had to come at 9am to work and stand next to his desk till 5.30pm, then go home,\" says Suma Girish, another worker.Now take the case of Sakamma who earns Rs 4,100 per month even after 20 years of experience. Her day begins at 4.45am. For the next three hours, it's cooking, drawing water from the nearby well, readying her two children for school. \"At 7.45am, I must leave home to be at the factory at 9am sharp. If I'm late, the gates close and I have lost my job. The casualty is often my breakfast, my next meal is at 1.30pm.\"Sakamma's daily targets are 100-200 T-shirts. At 5.30pm she leaves the factory and works as a domestic help in two houses until 9pm; then, she heads home. \"How do I manage with Rs 4,100 and feed three mouths? I must supplement the income by doing domestic chores. There is no other go.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai/chennai", "code": "17456970", "title": "Chennai flyer held with 50L ketamine", "text": "MUMBAI/CHENNAI: The Mumbai air intelligence unit (AIU) arrested a Chennai-based commerce graduate at Mumbai airport for allegedly attempting to smuggle out 5kg of party drug ketamine to Malaysia on Friday night. The drugs are estimated to be worth 50 lakh in the Indian market.This is the fifth such case of a courier from Chennai to be detected by the AIU in a fortnight and 14th since September.AIU officials said Abdul Latif Shamsuddin, 30, was intercepted moments before he was to board a Malaysia Airlines flight to Johor Bahru at 11pm. The drug was concealed in a special compartment in his suitcase. \"Around 20 saris were kept on it to hide it. It looked like part of the suitcase but had an opening,\" an official said. \"Shamsuddin was bound for Johr Baru in Malaysia. He was earlier involved in smuggling electronic goods.\"The AIU has been running a special anti-drug smuggling drive since September. \"But the smuggling hasn't stopped. That may indicate that different smugglers are involved,\" said an official. Officials also said that due to the approaching new year, smugglers are making constant attempts to pass the drugs through.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17457279", "title": "Chavan left to fight lone battle on Sena memorial", "text": "Both chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and home minister R R Patil are facing a piquant situation over the Shiv Sena's demand for a memorial to Bal Thackeray on Shivaji Park. A day after Thackeray died, mayor Sunil Prabhu and MP Sanjay Raut submitted an application stating that in view of Thackeray's contribution for the cause of Maharashtra, special permission for cremation on Shivaji Park be granted. They also sought a state funeral for the Sena patriarch.Sensing a law-and-order problem in the event permission was denied, Chavan, in consultation with Patil and more than half-a-dozen cabinet members, civic chief Sitaram Kunte, police commissioner Satya Pal Singh and chief secretary J K Banthia, granted permission for the cremation and a state honour.A section of senior bureaucrats and police brass expressed the fear that once permission for cremation with state honour is granted, it will be followed by the demand for a memorial on the same spot. Then Chavan indeed discussed the possibility of such a proposal with his cabinet colleagues. All along, Chavan believed that since it was a special permission for a specific purpose, the Sena will honour its commitment and after a reasonable period, remove the temporary structure.True to the fears expressed by a section of bureaucrats and IPS officers, the Sena has now made it a prestige issue and is clear that there will be no compromise over the memorial on the same spot. Chavan is now fighting a lone battle against the Sena, since bureaucrats and top police officers had taken the view that the permission was granted at the instance of the CM.Learning from GujaratAt a juncture when Maharashtra has achieved the dubious distinction of leading the debt-ridden states, all the 3,500-odd revenue officers, who are the backbone of the administration, have drafted a road map for resource mobilization and ending red tape. At the end of the current financial year, the state's debt burden will cross the Rs 2.54 lakh crore mark, against Uttar Pradesh's Rs 2.45 lakh crore. Till recently, UP and Bihar were described as 'Bimaru' (chronically ill) states. The officers under the banner of the state civil service officers' federation set up more than a dozen teams to study measures for resource mobilization and ending red tape. The association took note of the resource mobilization strategy adopted by neighbouring Gujarat. It was found that in certain key areas, Gujarat has made spectacular progress in less than a decade and improved its financial position substantially. Even on disposal of files, the Gujarat bureaucracy works at breakneck speed and has successfully provided a result-oriented administration. Although Maharashtra is the first state in the country to bring in a law on transfers and disposal of files, there is absolutely no end to red tape. According to federation president Avinash Dhakne, all revenue officers have pledged to end red tape at all levels and ensure that the state is out of the red in a time-bound manner.Keeping 'Operation X' under wrapsFor both Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde and state home minister R R Patil, 'Operation X' was an entirely different assignment. The strategy was to hang Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab a day after the SC dismissed an appeal filed by him. On the basis of an order passed by the SC, the state home department obtained an order for Kasab's execution from session's court on September 11. It was then decided to hang Kasab on November 21, provided the mercy plea filed by him is rejected by President Pranab Mukherjee before that date. The real preparation for Kasab's execution began on November 8. On that day, Shinde communicated to Patil that the mercy plea has been rejected.Shinde told Patil that it should be a secret operation and that the world should know of the execution after he was hanged and the entire task should be entrusted to officers of high integrity. The state was also advised to study the situation faced by the jail administration when Sukha and Jinda, who had killed former Army chief Arunkumar Vaidya, were hanged. After consulting top Intelligence Bureau and police officers, Patil drafted a secret plan. While more than 35 officials, from the rank of constable to DGP were involved in the operation, only three of them were aware of the actual plan. According to Shinde, in such operations, secrecy is essential since in the past, the authorities had to postpone an execution even on the day of the hanging for unavoidable reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17458855", "title": "Pitching in his mite for others", "text": "Helping others to have a better life is not just a rich man's domain. Pitching in his mite to open authorities' eyes to the problems of his fellow beings and thus contributing to the all round development of the coastal district is Gerard Towers (56). He raises his voice against the lackadaisical attitude of people's representatives and bureaucrats towards civic and social issues.Gerard, a graduate, is a familiar face in Mangalore City Corporation and in deputy commissioner's office because of his proactive nature. For the past 22 years Gerard has participated in more than 100 protests and recently he hit the headlines for his novel protest demanding reconstruction of a pothole-riddled road in his ward. Posing as a beggar he sought alms to repair the stretch.He uses his free time to clean the city. Gerard with his friends removes bushes and shrubs on roadside and collect plastic and other garbage strewn on roads.Recently, Gerard had filled a big pothole using cement in Kadri all by himself. To create awareness about civic issues he also organizes street plays, dramas and fancy dress shows.Along with a few of his likeminded friends he has been donating books, books, umbrella and footwear to children of St Sebastian High School for the past five years.He also lends costumes from his collection to students from poor families to participate in various drams and fancy dress contests.He also gives counselling to people addicted to alcohol and substance abuses to help kick their habit. \"I am not rich, so I cannot donate huge sums for various charitable activities. But, that does not prevent me from doing something for others. So I participate and organize several protests to seek authorities' attention towards the burning issues of my fellow beings. Till my last breath I shall continue this,\" he said.He had worked as a senior clerk in Father Muller Hospital between 1975 and1990.He lives in the city with his wife Celine Towers, son Vinod Towers, a bank employee and daughter Viola Towers, a BSc nursing graduate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17456419", "title": "Remove brick kilns from 100m of public places: HC", "text": "UJJAIN: The Madhya Pradesh high court has issued a fresh direction for the removal of those brick kilns which operate within 100m from highways, canals, nullahs and public places in Ujjain. Earlier, administration has removed the kilns that were located within 50m from such places.Bakir Ali Rangwala an Ujjain-based social worker had filed a petition before the Indore bench of the high court stating that a large number of kilns were operating adjacent to river Kshipra and polluting it, besides illegally excavating soil.The high court had directed the district administration to remove all kilns existing within 200 m of green belt, that is river Kshipra, and 50 m from the highways. The administration claimed before the court that it has removed all the kilns coming under the restricted areas.Bakir Ali, who raised objection against the government compliance report, said, \"Pictures, showing that more than 75 such kilns are operational, have been submitted before the court. Moreover, in view of amendment in Mines and Minerals Act in 2005, the restricted limit of 50 m has been raised to 100 m. The petitioner said the double bench comprising justice P K Jaiswal and justice Prakash Shrivastava on Friday directed for on the spot inspection by the administration in the presence of Bakir Ali himself.The inspection would take place on December 4, Bakir informed, adding that at least 75 more kilns are going to be affected with new directions. Notably, the administration had been reportedly under immense political pressure when kilns were removed in past. One of the kilns belongs to a local BJP leader, who also holds a cabinet rank, was spared on the premise that it was located a little more than 50 m. However, it will also be razed with fresh directions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17459113", "title": "Maoist jail inmates go on hunger strike", "text": "KOLKATA: Maoist inmates, including those who have political prisoner status, have gone on an indefinite hunger strike at Presidency Correctional Home since Sunday morning demanding immediate release of ailing Maoist inmates Gour Chakraborty and Sushil Roy.Chakraborty is a septuagenarian Maoist leader, who was the official spokesperson of the outfit's Bengal chapter until the party was banned in 2009. Chakraborty was arrested in 2009 and charged with UAPA and is still lodged at Presidency jail. For the past few months he has been suffering from various ailments, including cardiac problem. His condition is critical and following his treatment at Bangur Institute of Neurology, he is now at jail hospital.Sushil Roy was also a veteran Maoist politburo member and is now lodged at Giridih jail. On November 25, Maoist inmates lodged at different central jails in Bengal, went for a token hunger strike demanding the release of ailing Maoist leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17456380", "title": "Transporters raise flag to harassment", "text": "BHOPAL: The state transporters' association has alleged that that the harassment caused by government officials has virtually threatened the existence of the transport industry.An all-India symposium of transporters, organised by the Prantiya Transporters Welfare Association (PTWA) on Sunday alleged that the traffic police, commercial tax and the transport departments had fixed monthly quotas of challans of public goods carriers and transport vehicles posing major problems to transporters in the state.Challenges in the transport sector, road safety, vehicle safety, RTO, Transport Nagar in all districts of the state, vehicle drivers' harassment, toll tax, among other issues, were also discussed. The PTWA has also submitted a memorandum to the governor demanding action.Bal Malkit Singh, president, All India Motor Transport Congress (AIMTC), New Delhi, was the chief guest. He said, \"The industry is suffering due to the constant increase in prices. The government must control prices if the industry is to survive.\"Vijay Kalra, president, PTWA MP, said, \"The state charges heavy road taxes compared to other states. For example, here the tax is Rs 5,800 quarterly against just Rs 5,200 annually in Haryana.\"Kamal Panjwani, secretary, state secretary, said, \"We are trying to minimize the problems being faced by the transporters in the state and improve the condition of the road transport. We are demanding more and better transport nagars in the state to support the increasing needs of the rising vehicle population.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17456786", "title": "I-League: Mumbai FC clinch a thriller against United SC", "text": "KOLKATA: Being a Dutchman, Eelco Schattorie will be aware of the word 'verschrikkelijk'. It means 'awful' in Dutch and that's precisely how his team United SC looked on Sunday as they suffered a dramatic 2-3 defeat to Mumbai FC at the Salt Lake Stadium.United SC first lost the lead, earned through Ranty Martins in the opening session, when Evans Quao equalised five minutes into second half. Then, a roller-coster final ten minutes led to a thrilling finish.It all started with Mumbai FC coach Khalid Jamil's introduction of Abhishek Yadav in the 81st minute and the former India striker scored probably the quickest goal as a sub in I-League history by putting the visitors 2-1 ahead within 10 seconds of his introduction.Shankar Oraon, who came in place of Dhanachandra Singh five minutes later, turned out to be the Super Sub for United SC, making it 2-2 in the final minute of stoppage time.Game over? Not quite, as a combination of mistakes by United SC players in the next few seconds cost them a point. Lalkamal Bhowmick essayed a backpass without looking behind and the ball went straight to veteran Yusif Yakubu - who had played for United SC last season - near the rival halfline. India defender Gourmangi Singh's covering of the Mumbai FC's Ghanaian forward was equally pathetic and to the horror of Schattori, goalkeeper Ishan Debnath - who got the nod ahead of first-choice custodian Subrata Paul - came out of his line, leaving Yakubu with the simple task of evading Gourmangi and putting the ball into an open net.Air India beat Sporting: Air India held on to Baldeep Singh's first half strike to down Sporting Clube de Goa by a solitary goal at the Nehru Stadium, Fatorda.Baldeep Singh found the net off a flag kick taken by Rahul Bheke in the 36th minute which turned out to be the match-winner. The win takes Air India to seven points from eight matches, the same as Sporting clube de Goa which have played one match more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17460604", "title": "Marriage and internet: Perfect match", "text": "Wedsites or wedding websites are as important as the wedding trousseau. We logged in to find out more The wedding season's here and with uber-busy young couples taking care of last-minute preparations in that meagre two weeks of leave that they get from work, a wedsite is fast emerging as the hottest shaadi accessory! To the uninitiated, a wedsite is a personalized wedding website that tracks the couples' entire dating period, right from the time they met, who proposed and how, and culminates with their wedding. It can even be used as a virtual invite.Sample this : A homepage that greets you with pictures of a loveydovey couple, wedding motifs such as mehendi and kalire, flower petals trickling down wherever the cursor moves and Taare hain baraati playing softly in the background. Aww-some isn't it? Newlyweds Gaurav and Ritu Punjabi totally dig the concept. \"Planning a big fat Indian wedding takes an immense amount of preparation and organization to track the million details involved. A wedsite takes some of the pressure away by creating an easy way to share your wedding experience with family and friends. Since I am from Kolkata and Ritu is from Indore, our friends are spread all over the country. The wedsite took care of letting them know about the seven pre- and postwedding bashes that we had. It helped us make those people a part of the gala too, who couldn't attend our big day,\" says Gaurav.The concept of wedsites has been around for a decade, but it picked up only after blogging became an important tool for sharing experiences on the internet. With better access to broadband and reduced surfing and downloading costs, the concept has become highly popular and, with time, the number of couples opting to share their story too has seen a dramatic rise. Website developers in Kolkata charge anywhere between 4,000 to a few lakhs to develop a wedsite, depending on whether it is dynamic or static, the details it includes and the intricacy of the design.Some even choose to design their own wedsites. Newlyweds Nidhi Dokania and Vijay Pareek is one such couple. \"I bought a domain space at a nominal fee from one of those many websites dedicated to building wedsites. Then I developed it myself. That way, it became more personalized. Moreover, it hardly took any time,\" said Nidhi.Sharad Kedia, who is getting married to Aditi Poddar on December 10, has finished designing his own wedsite after buying the domain for 1,000. The site doubled up as an invite too. \"I saved a lot of time as I just mailed the link of the wedsite to my friends and relatives who are not in town. It is a beautiful canvas for sharing the wedding details with friends and family,\" he said.Wedsites are also the easiest way of keeping close ones informed about the timings and venues of events related to the wedding. \"With communication going digital, it makes sense to share details of your wedding and introduce your partner to your family and friends online. It helps that it has a username and password for selective viewing,\" said Vishal Dave, who creates wedsites. When it comes to domain duration, the choices are subjective. While some couples prefer registering a temporary domain that they can use for a specified duration, the minimum being a year, others prefer an everlasting space for memories, Vishal also added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17457747", "title": "Here, residents strive to make a change", "text": "PUNE: The Deccan Gymkhana Parisar Samiti (DGPS) has been relentlessly working this past one year to make ward number 36 a better place to live in. Some members of the Samiti are aiming to make it a model ward while others are just trying to make a difference in the lives of the citizens of the ward. Whichever way one looks at it, it is the effort that some volunteers are putting in that counts.The DGPS is also affiliated to, and receives the active support of the National Society for Clean Cities (NSCC), Pune. The volunteers are quick to point out that it is neither an NGO nor is it affiliated to any political party. The organisation welcomes anyone who offers help in maintenance of ward 36.The DGPS has a website (www.dgpspune.com) and a Facebook page (only for residents of the ward) to spread awareness about the rules of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), information about garbage segregation, different methods of composting wet waste, dog sterilisation work, traffic updates, water related problems etc. As Sushma Date, an active member of the group who looks into green issues and stray dogs problem, says, \"We are not here to point fingers at the administration. We try to work within the system in co-ordination with civic officials.\"Sumita Kale, who takes care of the garbage activities, agrees. \"Work can only be done if there is co-operation between residents and civic officials. The officials are doing their best, it is our job to chip in and help out.\"The group meets once a week and with members active on the FB page, they know the issues that need to be tackled. Working within the system requires them to be in constant touch with the civic officials. Right from interacting and providing support to SWaCH members (a collective of wastepickers) in their ward, to helping out the dog pound officials in catching strays and sterilising them, the organisation has taken citizen-administration co-operation to a new level.Date recalls how one of the first green issues they tackled had to do with the Vetal Tekadi. There was a talk of building an amphitheatre and a concrete road there. This would have totally disturbed the existing flora. \"We first created awareness about the same in our ward and then met up with the officials concerned. After repeated meetings, the administration realised that the construction would affect the greenery and hence called it off,\" she says.Date also looks into the stray dog issue. She says that sterilisation is the key to controlling the problem. \"Earlier the officials would pick up dogs haphazardly from the area. They would not know of the hiding places or the places where a pack of dogs are usually found. Then they also tended to release the dogs in the wrong areas leading to aggression among the dogs,\" she says.The one way the residents countered this issue was actively helping out with the dog catching and sterilising. Once a week, a PMC van visits the area to catch the dogs, and the residents extend active support. This has resulted in minimising the stray dog problem.Jitesh Jotwani, who also helps with the stray dog issues, says, \"Only sterilisation will not solve the issue. Adoption should be actively supported. Many residents in the area have adopted stray dogs. This has served two purposes - the stray has got a home and moreover the society or family that has adopted the stray will have a good watch-dog to check burglaries.\"Kale says, \"One of the pressing challenges that we face is segragation, dumping and collection of garbage. It is not the work of the PMC or SWaCH alone. We, too, need to be aware and extend help. It is after all our ward that we are aiming at keeping clean.\"Kale and others often conduct clean-up drives wherein residents, SWaCH members and the PMC staff come together to clean and beautify parts of Ward 36. It is not only a time-consuming initiative, but also requires commitment to maintain the cleanliness.Moreover, composting information is shared among the residents regarding composting methods and workshops are also organised to teach the same to those interested.While all the issues in the ward are being successfully addressed, Anil Kelkar, who looks into traffic-related issues, says, \"A lot of work still needs to be done where traffic is concerned. Our ward has a lot of senior citizens and the speed with which two-wheelers and four-wheelers are driven is alarming. None pays attention to traffic rules. Some time back we had donated some 20 jammers to the traffic police as illegal parking is one of the pressing problems in our area. Speed-breakers are also a big issue. Reflectors need to be put at some places and random inspection needs to be conducted.\"All the volunteers though agreed that when the DGPS was started, there were few takers for the kind of voluntary work that was required. But, now after a little more than a year, not only has partcipation increased, but issues are being addressed too. With the residents and civic officials joining hands to maintain Ward 36, it can only be a win-win situation for all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17457741", "title": "Haryana exceeds revenue target for 11th 5-year plan", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana has topped the chart of the states which have exceeded revenue mobilisation target during the 11th Five Year Plan (2007-12).According Planning Commission's latest report on state finances, Haryana mopped up Rs 64,123 crore during the five year policy period which was 192.1% of the targetted resource mobilisation of Rs 33,374 crore.The report indicates that majority of states have failed to meet the projected planned resources as collectively they could fetch only 92.5% of target.Planning Commission has projected that all states would collectively garner Rs 14,12,029 crore in 11th Plan but they could manage Rs 13,06,296 crore, which was 92.5% of the targeted projection. It appears that states felt the heat of global slowdown and the states like Gujarat, Maharashtra, Delhi, Punjab could not achieve the projected target.About eight states in the country including Haryana, Assam, Odisha, Karnataka, Goa, Bihar and Arunachal Pradesh could mop up more than their targets.Gujarat and Punjab could garner only 95.6% and 87.5% of the projected targets respectively in 11th Plan. Uttrakhand could get only 52.5%, which is lowest.Delhi was given a target to mobilise Rs 54,799 crore, but it could manage Rs 45,250 crore. Gujarat was to mop up Rs 1,06,918 crore but it could manage Rs 1,02,226 crore.The other North Indian states including Punjab, Jammu &amp; Kashmir and, Himachal Pradesh managed to mobilise Rs 25,298 crore, Rs 21,593 crore and Rs 10,844 crore. The resource realisation by the three states was also lower than their targets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457786", "title": "USG machines seized in Bhayander", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mira-Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC) has seized the sonography machines and records of a nursing home in Bhayander following orders from the state government.According to civic officials, a raid was carried out in Madhu Maternity and Nursing Home in Tapasya Apartment along the railway tracks in Bhayander (W). The nursing home did not maintain records of pregnant women and deliveries. The machines were not registered with the municipality.The nursing home allegedly carries out sex determination tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17458577", "title": "Gutkha ban hurts kewda cultivators", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The ban on manufacture and sale of gutkha in several states has hit the livelihood of kewda cultivators in Ganjam district. Around three lakh people who depend on kewda plucking and cultivation in Chhatrapur, Rangeilunda, Ganjam and Chikiti blocks are expected to be hit by the ban.Oil of the thorny flower is used in preparing gutkha and Ganjam district supplies it to the industries. This oil is extracted by processing flowers in distilleries, locally called bhatis. The district has 250 distilleries, which do a business of Rs 100 crore annually.As most gutkha industries have stopped production after enforcement of the ban, many distilleries have stopped operating and procuring flowers from farmers. Only 15 to 20 bhatis are operating in the district compared to 250 around 3 to 4 years ago. \"The entire chain is disrupted and kewda farmers in Ganjam district have been hit hard,\" said Natabara Sahu, one of the bhati owners.Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Kerala, Bihar, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Haryana and Gujarat have already banned the manufacture and sale of gutkha in their states. \"We are faced with an uncertain future and looking for an alternative source of livelihood,\" the flower puckers said.Recently, hundreds of farmers with bands of flowers staged demonstrations in front of a processing unit at Kanamana near Chhatrapur demanding procurement of flowers at remunerative prices. A delegation of the CPI, led by former MLAs Biswanath Sahu and N Narayan Reddy, also submitted a memorandum to the district administration urging it to solve the problems.\"This flower is the sources of livelihood of thousands of people in the district. The government should find an alternative method to utilize the kewda essence,\" said Bibhuti Jena, state unit president of Bharatiya Yuba Morcha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17459261", "title": "Kapaleeswarar recovers Rs 414.04 crore worth property that was under litigation", "text": "It is raining riches for the Mylapore Kapaleeswarar temple. The management of the centuries-old shrine has shown the way to several temples in the state by recovering many of its properties that were under litigation for decades.Since July 2012, the temple authorities have recovered land worth 414.04 crore after several courts, including the Madras high court, ruled in favour of the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments department, the temple's custodian. Most of the temple's properties are located in and around Mylapore and Raja Annamalaipuram. Some properties are located in Saidapet and Parry's Corner.The latest property to be retrieved is a 30-ground (1 ground=2,400sqft) land on Ramakrishna Mutt Road in Mylapore. On November 25, the temple authorities took possession of this property abutting the P S School valued at 180 crore at present. \"The total area of the land is 76 grounds and it was leased out to the school in 1928. From 1950 onwards, the school was paying 500 per month as rent and in 1996, 30 grounds were surrendered to the temple. As no wall was constructed demarcating the surrendered land, these 30 grounds were with the school and sublet. A case is pending regarding the remaining land,\" said a temple official. According to the fair rent, the school must be paying nearly 5 lakh per month as rent for the 46 grounds. A wall has been constructed recently splitting the ground into two, said the official.\"We set a target to retrieve 500 crore worth property this year. Chief minister Jayalalithaa wanted us to retrieve lands which were occupied by encroachers. After our drive, some tenants have come forward to revise the rent and also pay the arrears. The Mylapore Club recently paid up 3 crore as arrears,\" P Vijayakumar Reddy, government appointee told TOI.Some of the property retrieved by the temple authorities include 18 grounds at R A Puram estimated at 90 crore, 15 grounds close to Mylapore Club worth 75 crore and 5 grounds on Luz Church Road, Mylapore worth 30 crore. All these properties were encroached upon or the occupants did not pay the proper rent.But in the past, the temple has lost vast tracts of land. \"Several years ago, around 100 grounds in Parry's Corner were let out on lease to an orphanage but around 75 grounds were occupied and later declared a slum. Now only 25 acres are with the orphanage and we are planning to revise the rent,\" said Reddy.Though the authorities have retrieved a large area of land, no plan is in place to put it to use. Also the temple is short-staffed and plans to recruit people in the near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "singur", "code": "17459150", "title": "If need be, we'll create law: Becharam Manna", "text": "SINGUR: Becharam Manna, who holds two portfolios as a minister of state and has sworn to uphold the Constitution, told a public meeting in Singur on Sunday that should law prove to be an impediment to reclaim land, they will create new ones.\"Ayin jodi amader sath na deye, mathe nebe dekhiye debo ki bhabe notun ayiner rochonoa korte hoye (If law doesn't side with us we will show how to create new ones),\" he said. Manna didn't stop at merely implying a forcible land grab. He even suggested that CPM had joined hands with the Tatas to get a favorable verdict in the case.Becharam Manna, a minister who has sworn to uphold the Constitution and holds two portfolios as a minister of state, including agriculture, told a public meeting in Singur on Sunday that should law prove to be an impediment to reclaim land they will go to the fields to create new ones. \"Aine jodi amader sath na deye, mathe nebe dekhiye debo ki bhabe notun ainer rochonoa korte hoye (If law doesn't sides with us we will go to the fields and show how to create new one)\" he said. Becharam didn't stop at merely implying a forcible land grab; he even insinuated that CPM had joined hands with the Tatas to get a favorable verdict in the case.Under fire from the opposition immediately, Manna seemed to indicate that though the party supremo empathises with their cause, her hands are tied since she has sworn to uphold law. \"Since the chief minister is sworn to secrecy, the government is unable to return the land immediately till the verdict is delivered by the Supreme Court. We hope to get a favorable verdict by January (next year),\" he said.Speaking at a function to commemorate police firing at anti-land stir protesters in Khaserbheri and Beraberi on December 2, 2006, he also suggested the land is with the state government (though Singur Land Rehabilitation and Development Act 2011 has been declared as \"unconstitutional'' and \"void'' by the Calcutta high court division bench on June 22 and is now sub judice in the apex court). Manna was speaking at a function to commemorate police firing at anti-land stir protesters in Khaserbheri and Beraberi on December 2, 2006 and making a desperate bid to hold on to the once formidable support base of Krishi Jami Raksha Committee, which is now thinning rapidly with the party rank sharply divided. Becharam is also the committee's convenor.Manna was speaking at a function to commemorate the December 2, 2006 police firing at anti land-stir protesters in Khaserbheri and Beraberi.Though the programme started at 3:30pm, Manna arrived two hours late and was the last one to speak.The function was noticeable primarily for two reasons - its lack of people and the absence of local leaders. Though the Krishi Jami Raksha Committee tried to pack in local leaders on the podium, many known faces of the organization remained conspicuous by their absence.To that effect, the junior minister and convener of the Committee went out of his way to hold on to his now-thinning support base and woo his detractors.For example, Dipankar Ghosh, Beraberi gram panchayat upapradhan, and Becharam were known to be not in the best of terms till recently. Having spotted Ghosh among the speakers on Sunday, Becharam made all possible efforts went out of his way - even to Ghosh's home to mend bridges with him. But going by what was evident today, Becharam perhaps need to visit several more such homes in the days to come.A part of the anti-land stir movement leadership - though a minority in the Singur Block Trinamool Congress - also owed allegiance to former agriculture minister Rabindranath Bhattacharya. The latter on Sunday remained steadfast in his resolve that he will not approach the chief minister any further on his plea to resign from the cabinet and as an MLA.Becharam's rhetoric was ironically also against outsiders - read members of CPI(M-L) - who're reportedly trying to foment trouble in the villages. The four CPI (M-L) members who were detained by police were later released.The problem here is the Krishi Jami Raksha Committee was a broader platform which accommodated several political parties and outfits. Having turned into an all-Trinamool front, the support base of the Committee had been on the decline.Realizing the change, Manna said, \"The agitation will continue. The next programme will be one of blood donation to mark the death anniversary of the rape-and-murder victim Tapasi Mallick on December 18.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17461593", "title": "Winter means partying hard", "text": "The who's who of Kolkata \u00e2\u20ac\u201d academics, bureaucrats, politicians, industrialists, social workers, diplomats and those from the film fraternity \u00e2\u20ac\u201d came together to meet and greet with friends at an event hosted to usher in the winters. We spotted Bickram Ghosh , Greg Ellis and Pete Lockett chilling at the party, after their successful gig in the city. \"In our busy lives, we hardly get time to catch up with friends. This party gave us the perfect opportunity to have a good time with our close ones,\" Imran Zaki was heard telling friend Jasjeet Singh. After the good adda and scrumptious food, guests were seen making a beeline for the desserts counter, which served sinful treats like baked rosogollas, blueberry cheese cake , malai kulfi and monte carlo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17457053", "title": "Caretakers of beagle pups cooped up in quarantine", "text": "CHENNAI: Even as Chennaiites expressed their sympathies for the beagle puppies cooped up inside the animal quarantine centre in Pallikaranai, nobody seemed to notice the men dressed in green overalls holding the puppies. These animal attendants are also quarantined with the animals in the same facility for an equal period of time.Imported animals are kept in the Central Government Animal Quarantine Centres, located in the four metros, for 30 days before being released to their owners. \"This is to ensure that no new disease enters the country,\" said Dr P K Roy, officer-in-charge of the Chennai centre, spread over 5.47 acres in Pallikaranai.Not many know that the men who take care of the animals during the quarantine period are also cooped up on the campus for a month. They have to cover themselves from head to toe for more than eight hours a day, enter their living quarters through a separate entrance, and have to stay within the quarantine building. They can only mingle with one another and the lab assistants.\"This is unavoidable because they collect samples of urine, faeces and blood for testing,\" said Dr Roy. They are not allowed food from outside the centre. \"The food for attendants is cooked in sanitized conditions and is healthy. When we stop food from entering or leaving the centre, we are preventing disease-causing bacteria from entering or leaving the centre,\" he said.The quarantine centre has permanent animal attendants, but most owners or importers appoint men to take care of the animals. Apart from collecting samples, the men feed the animals and clean their rooms. The guidelines for the care of animals in scientific research compiled by the Indian National Science Academy prescribe regular medical check-ups for the staff to ensure that they have not picked up any zoonotic infections from animals. \"Men working in the animal house should not eat, drink or smoke in the animal rooms and expose them unfamiliar odours and environment,\" it stated.The heavily vaccinated men have to undergo a cleaning process before they are released along with the animals. \"They are given a medical check-up and made to sanitize themselves before they leave the centre,\" said the officer.While activists do not object to the rules, they say the strict guidelines are often not followed by quarantine centres. \"We once received a video shot inside a quarantine centre animal room. This could have been done only by an attendant. How did they smuggle in electronic equipment?\" asks Dr Chaitanya Koduri, veterinarian at People for Ethical Treatment of Animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457867", "title": "State on high alert after intel inputs", "text": "MUMBAI: Police bandobasts will be deployed across the state this week following an alert from the Intelligence Bureau .Sources in the state police said DGP Sanjeev Dayal has sounded a high alert in the city. Sources said cops are taking the alert seriously as the Taliban has announced to avenge terrorist Ajmal Kasab's hanging .\"The input coincides with several events taking place this week in the city,\" said an IPS officer. He said the police are more worried the Babri Masjid demolition anniversary and Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar's death anniversary fall on December 6.There is also some tension about Bal Thackeray's memorial as Shiv Sainiks have reportedly not agreed to remove the makeshift arrangement from Shivaji Park. \"If the remains are forcibly removed, it may spark violence. Lakhs of Dalits are likely to assemble at Shivaji Park and a minor issue could create trouble,\" said another officer.The police have asked the port zone to keep a strict vigil. An alert has been sounded at all important railways stations, airports and tourist spots. Leaves of policemen have been cancelled and commissioner Satyapal Singh has asked his men be alert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457866", "title": "Mom, daughter steal jewellery, caught on CCTV", "text": "MUMBAI: A 59-year-old woman and her 25-year-old daughter were arrested by the Tardeo police for stealing ornaments from a south Mumbai shop. The jeweller, Bhavesh Bohra, had installed CCTV cameras, which helped the police nab the two.Rama Sharma and her daughter Shraddha, residents of Mulund, were charged for theft and remanded in police custody.According to the police, the incident took place on Saturday, when the two women walked into Bohra's shop and asked to see anklets. \"Bohra showed some anklets to the two women. After a while the women told Bohra they will return later. When Bohra started keeping the ornaments back, he realized some pieces were missing,\" said an officer.Bohra then looked at the CCTV footage and realized that the women had flicked two anklets. He lodged a complaint. \"We sent the accused's descriptions to our patrolling teams. One of them spotted the two near Mumbai Central station. We recovered Rs 86,400 from Rama's purse and the anklets from Shraddha's,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17460650", "title": "Ajith kick-starts next with 'Siruthai' Siva", "text": "There was a lot of buzz that Ajith Kumar's next movie with Siva and Thala Ajith has officially kick started this fresh project and a simple pooja that was held yesterday. The music of the film would be by Devi Sri Prasad and he seems to have been very happy with the story of the film.Ajith fans could well expect a cracker of a film. This is the first time Devi Sri Prasad is working on an Ajith project and he tweeted \"With Director Shiva at the pooja of Thala Ajith's new film in my studio..!! Loved the narration of Mr.Shiva's story.!!\"Ajith starts Siva's film shooting in Hyderabad on December 10. The Vijaya Productions film will kick-start with that 10 day schedule. Thala Ajith who has to undergo a surgery this month, has opted to put it on hold for the film.While Tamannaah has bagged the role of Ajith's leading lady, Santhanam, who has become one of the most in-demand actors in Kollywood has been roped in for Ajith's flick with Siva.Devi Sri Prasad has already composed a peppy number for Ajith. The movie is touted to be a mass entertainer and the production house is expected to go all out in promoting the film. Vidharth, Munish, Jayaram and Baala will be playing important roles in the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17456763", "title": "Pune Marathon: Kipkemoi wins it for ailing brother", "text": "PUNE: A brother's love is brother's love: it can make you travel a thousand miles across the globe and run on tarmac with sweat pouring in an alien country. Just ask Luke Kipkemoi.The 32-year-old father of two from Kenya won the men's title in the Pune International Marathon on Sunday, and the fuel that propelled him was his ailing brother back home in Aeldoret near Nairobi, more than 4500 kilometres away. Most of Kipkemoi's prize of Rs 3 lakh would go towards his brother's medical bills and the rest to his family. So compelling can be human bonding that Kipkemoi crossed the finish line in 2:13.03 (2 hours, 13 minutes, 3 seconds), a full minute ahead of his compatriot Simon Kirui.The women's half marathon saw a new record being set with 19-year-old Kenyan, Pauline Kamulu, covering the 21km distance in 1:08.37 hours. Agnes Mutune and Hellen Musyoka, both from Kenya as well, finished second and third respectively.Kavita Raut of India finished 10th with a timing of 1:17.39. In the men's section, Deepak Kumbhar of Belgaum finished ninth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17458536", "title": "Water crisis likely in Madurai if rains fail", "text": "MADURAI: Failure of the monsoon and impending water shortage has driven a group of men to offer prayers in the dry bed of Vaigai on Sunday.About 250 men from three Jamaaths, including the United Jamaath from the city assembled on the dry bed of the river near Simmakkal in the morning and sought divine intervention to bring rains .The apprehension of the men was not unfounded. With the northeast monsoon failing, the water level in Vaigai dam, the primary source of drinking water to Madurai, remains bleak. The present storage in the dam hovers around 2,350 mcft while the disposable water is only 1400 mcft. If there are no summer spells, Madurai could land up in a water crisis, say water managers of the city.\"Everyday, 60 cusecs of water is being released from Vaigai dam that accounts for 10 mcft per day. If one goes by this rationale, the 1400 mcft of water would only last for 140 days,\" said a public works department (PWD) official.In fact, the public works department had to hurriedly shut the sluice gates of the dam barely 20 days after it was opened as it was pertinent to save water till summer for drinking water purposes.City corporation officials, however, assure that there was no need to worry. \"There is no possibility of drinking water shortage till August. Fifty feet of water stored in Vaigai dam has been exclusively allocated for drinking purpose. By the time the water is exhausted in Vaigai dam the southwest monsoon would commence,\" said corporation commissioner R Nanthagopal.However, it has been a recurring phenomenon in Madurai when people are forced to struggle for water. Corporation officials said that the present requirement of water for a population of 12.26 lakh was 166 million litres per day. The Melakkal water pumping station along Vaigai in the city supplied 16 million litres per day while the Kochadai pumping station supplied 21 million litres every day. The rest of the drinking water requirement was met with two drinking water schemes from Vaigai dam that supplied 68 million litres per day and 47 million litres per day respectively. This water has to be diverted to annexed areas also.\"We hope that there would be summer spell to avoid a crisis. But we are also preparing to tackle any shortage through other means. Water from tube wells would be supplied to residential areas through tankers,\" said a senior corporation official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17458352", "title": "More couples now opting for fertility preservation: Expert", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Fertility preservation is on the rise world over. Men and women are delaying their parenthood due to work pressure, illness or social situations like divorce or singlehood and preserving their fertility so that they have good chance of becoming a parent when they want.Speaking at an event held at Bavish Fertility Clinic in the city, a US-based fertility specialist Dr Matan Yemini said that fertility preservation has helped men and women conquer the complications of infertility after tumor operation or chemotherapy sessions and other such ailments.Dr Yemini is director of Diamond Institute for Infertility and Menopause in New Jersey. \"Majority of children and young cancer patients invariable suffer from infertility as a side effect of chemotherapy or radiation. These people are given a fresh chance at life when the preserved sperms, eggs or reproductive tissues help them become parents when they are cured of the disease,\" said Dr Yemini.He said that infertility specialists are now experimenting preserving the ovaries which will help girl children who have suffered cancer in early childhood preserve their fertility. \"It is at a nascent stage but it promises a breakthrough in the future\", said Dr Yemini.Dr Yemini said that while infertility concept is often associated with the women but it is not always the case. \"Men are more prone to infertility and low sperm ratio because of the sedentary lifestyle and obesity but for women, late marriages double the chances of low egg count that results in infertility\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17457162", "title": "Munda roots for Modi as Gujarat CM", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda is making his best efforts to develop relations with his Gujarat counterpart Narendra Modi as the latter has promised to provide a dedicated port to Jharkhand if he returns to power after the assembly election.The eagerness of Munda to build special ties with Modi is evident from the fact that within a week, he has gone to Gujarat to address public meetings to seek votes for the BJP.On Sunday, he addressed two public meetings at Morwa and Shehra in Panchmahal district. Last week too, Munda was on a two-day visit to Gujarat where he campaigned for BJP and asked people to vote for Modi, if they want good governance and development.Munda said the election of Gujarat will also decide the future of the country.\"If one wants development to be the main focus of the government in the state and Centre, then he or she should vote for the BJP. While voting, everyone should remember that this election will also decide the fate of the country,\" said the chief minister. Sources close to Munda admitted that he was making special effort as Modi's return to power will also be a boon for a landlocked state like Jharkhand.\"Despite political turmoil in the state, Munda is putting extra effort and going to Gujarat because Modi has promised a special port for Jharkhand if he returns to power. A special port will help the state in having access to the western world which will boost the business of Jharkhand. Once we have a dedicated port industries in Jharkhand, we can think of exporting our goods with ease and will not have to wait in queue to ship consignment,\" said a source.The two major allies in government, JMM and BJP, are wrangling for power. While the JMM is adamant to get power at the end of the 28-month term of Munda because of a power-sharing agreement between the alliance partners at the time of formation of the government, the BJP is vehemently denying it.Sources in BJP, however, said Munda is trying to get close to Modi to show his acceptance in both pro and anti-Modi groups within the party and in NDA. \"Munda was the only BJP CM who campaigned in maximum places for BJP- JD (U) combine in Bihar during the last assembly election. This time again, Munda is the only BJP CM to campaign for the BJP and Modi in Gujarat and this has definitely proved his acceptability within the NDA,\" said a senior BJP leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17458750", "title": "Achieving peace &amp; harmony the traditional way", "text": "DHARWAD: It will be curtains down on the five-day convention on Madhwa philosophy organized by the Vishwa Madhwa Mahaparishat under the stewardship of pontiff of Uttaradi Mutt Satyatmateertha Swamiji at KE Board's high school ground in Malamaddi of Dharwad on Monday.Seers Vishweshateertha Swamiji, Vishwaprasannateertha swamy of Pejawar Mutt,Vidyadheeshateetha Swamy of Palimaru Mutt, Vidyeshateertha Swamy of Bhandarkeri Mutt, Vidyavallabhateertha swamy of Kaniyur Mutt, Vidyaprasannateertha swamy of Subrahmanya and Raghuvijayateertha Swamy of Kudli Akshobhyateertha Mutt will grace the programmes on Monday.Seers and scholars who spoke at the convention highlighted the importance of preserving and promoting the rich tradition and heritage propagated by Madhwacharya and others in order to create a healthy and prosperous society that lives in peace and harmony.Addressing the audience on Sunday Satyatmateertha Swamy called upon devotees to have faith in Almighty and lead a life of austerity to attain peace and salvation. He said everything that we use in our daily life is the gift of God, that is, Nature and one should worship the Nature. The day saw several scholars deliberating on the nuances of Nyaya Sudha volume and Dasa literature.The pontiff felicitated the members of KE Board's managing committee on the occasion. Sangeeta Katti Kulkarni, Puttur Narasimha Nayak and Anant Kulkarni enthralled devotees with their melodious rendition of devotional songs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17458773", "title": "UPSRTC\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s buses to Lucknow get good response", "text": "KANPUR: The Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC) has launched eight new non-stop buses that will ply between Kanpur and Lucknow.Passengers willing to travel in these non-AC buses without conductors will be required to either buy tickets online from UPSRTC website or purchase them from the ticket counter at Shaheed Major Salman Khan Inter State Bus Terminal in Kanpur.The special bus service began on December 1 and received a good response from passengers on the first and second day. A UPSRTC official informed that four such buses have been introduced each at Shaheed Major Salman Khan Inter State Bus Terminal in Kanpur and at Unnao depot. The buses from Unnao will come to Kanpur and thereafter run non-stop to Lucknow. The bus service will be available to passengers from 7am to 7pm all days of the week. The official said the non-stop bus, under normal circumstances, is guaranteed to cover the distance between Lucknow and Kanpur in about an hour and a half.He said the buses have been launched on an experimental basis, and if the trial is successful, more such buses will be introduced on other routes. This bus service is available at every half an hour from Shaheed Major Salman Khan Inter State Bus Terminal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17458440", "title": "Will contest polls from jail says Gali", "text": "HYDERABAD: Former Karnataka minister Gali Janardhana Reddy is likely to contest the Assembly polls due in May next year.Janardhana Reddy, a member of the Karnataka Legislative Council, was arrested by the CBI in September last year, and is currently in Chanchalguda jail here.He is likely to enter the poll fray from BSR Congress, the party floated by his close confidante B Sriramulu. Bellary (City), Kustagi in Koppal district and Chitradurga are among the assembly segments he is looking to contest, party leaders said.His MLA brother G Somashekara Reddy said BSR Congress president B Sriramulu would soon file an affidavit to the CBI in this regard.\"We are confident that Janardhana Reddy will contest the election because people remember him as a good person. He is a victim of political conspiracy,\" Somashekara Reddy said.Gali was arrested by the CBI in September 2011 in connection with the Obulapuram Mining Company (OMC) scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "doha", "code": "17457424", "title": "India fights off cuts on agricultural emissions", "text": "DOHA: In a battle of negotiators that ran from Thursday into the early hours of Sunday morning, India preserved its red-line and ensured that the world does not decide to reduce emissions from agriculture.Climate change threatens to disrupt agricultural systems across the world. The developing world is most at risk with their rural economies made up largely of small and marginal farmers being tossed into chaos. But agricultural practices like livestock and paddy fields also give rise to methane, a greenhouse gas that lives in the atmosphere for a very short duration before disintegrating.The developing countries have been almost unanimous that emissions of methane from agricultural fields are 'survival emissions' of short duration and cannot be compared with the carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuel burning and growing industrialization. They have claimed that focusing on methane before the carbon dioxide emissions are addressed gives the rich countries a chance to get more headspace in the atmosphere to continue emitting 'luxury emissions' for a longer period of time.But in Doha, the developed nations made a strong pitch for the world to begin reducing agricultural emissions. They were supported by their select allies in the developing world camp, including India's neighbour Bangladesh, which also threatened to break the unity of G77+China group.Even as India, China, Brazil, Argentina and several other big developing countries fought off the pressure in the first few days of the talks, the developed world found a new ally - the chair of the negotiating track where the discussions are being held. The chair of these negotiating tracks are expected to act as neutral arbiters.On Saturday evening, a stalemate prevailed on the issue which under the rules of the talks would have led the chair to decide that the issue had not been resolved so would be deliberated upon next year under the same track of negotiations.But in an unprecedented move, the chairman instead decided late on Saturday to refer the issue for a political decision - a demand that the Europeans and other rich countries had made breaking norms.India stepped in and challenged the chair, with senior negotiator RR Rashmi saying, \"Agriculture is not only a source of economic growth, but also a source of livelihood for millions (in India). There is no authorization for this matter to be reported to the COP president (for a political decision).\"He added that since the matter could not be decided upon for lack of consensus, it should be discussed next year at the same level.With India having revealed the game out in open, several other developing countries aligned themselves with India's position challenging the proposed decision of the chair. Members of the BASIC group as well as the newly formed Like Minded Developing Countries group pushed back in talks that stretched beyond midnight. Argentina, Nicaragua, Brazil, Algeria and Cuba all voiced concern, just as India had, about the bypassing of rules of such talks.Ultimately, the chair had to back off and announce, much to the consternation of the developed world and its few developing world allies, that the matter would be taken as unresolved and would be discussed next year at the negotiators level. By then the clock had struck 2 am.But the strong Indian position through the week culminating in this midnight drama ensured that the Doha rounds of talks did not force India to begin costly mitigation work in its paddy fields.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17459058", "title": "At 100, she feels change is always for the better", "text": "KOLKATA: For a person who was born in the year and month when Calcutta was still the capital of India, Suniti Sen feels everything changes for the better.Five days after she was born in Cooch Behar, King George V proclaimed on December 12, 1911, that New Delhi would be the capital of India. Having seen a century, Suniti Sen feels everything changes for the better. And if she has to single out one change, she chooses the fact that women are stepping out of home and breaking prototypes.Sen, who will celebrate her 101st birthday on December 7, ironically doesn't seem to comprehend that in all the years that she has lived, Bengal finally has a woman chief minister, though she remembers Mamata Banerjee and Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee. In the last two years, age seems to have affected her eyesight and hearing abilities - the only ailments she has now. It appears to be a testimony to her life that even to this day, Suniti's daily intake of medicines are only two - a digestive and another for blood pressure. She exercises regularly (mostly freehand) and makes it a point to be at her best when she interacts with others.She refuses any help or escort, unless she steps out of her home, which is a rarity now as she remains mostly at her son's second-storied apartment at Survey Park.None in Suniti's family has lived longer than she has. An elder sister had lived till her nineties. The question isn't only about living, but the manner in which she is doing it. As her son Deepak, a 75-year-old former additional director of CMDA (the name had not changed when he retired over a decade and a half ago) says: \"I have a monthly medicine bill of Rs 5,000 but for mother, it is just Rs 100.\"Deepak's elder brother Dhirendranath, a retired naval officer, says: \"She is unfailing in two daily routines whatever it may be- her exercises and Laxmi puja.\" December 7 has given the family a reason to come together and celebrate the centenarian's birthday.Suniti's recollection of the British era isn't very clear. The reason - she stayed in Cooch Behar, which remained a princely state till 1949. The only time her eyes show a spark is when she recollects receiving three prizes from Maharani Indira Devi, when she was a Class VIII student. Incidentally that was the last class she attended before being married off to Nagendranath Sen, a tehsildar, at 17.\"Suniti Academy, where I studied, was the best school there. It was established by Rajmata Suniti Devi (daughter of Keshab Chunder Sen). When the Maharani awarded me the three prizes, it remains my fondest memory,\" she said.There's also a reason why Suniti chose to highlight the emancipation of women. Her idol - the Maharani - had personified it, breaking off her engagement with the Maharaja of Gwalior to marry the young Cooch Behar prince, becoming a widow and ruling Cooch Behar as a regent to her minor son who was heir to the throne.\"Those days were different,\" she reminisces, \"But I quite like today's world. The younger lot may be impatient, but this apparent drawback is leading them to challenge conventions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17456584", "title": "State govt to assess environment impact assessment reports of mines", "text": "PANAJI: The state government will conduct independent assessments of all environment impact assessment (EIA) reports of all working mines in Goa.In a letter to the Supreme Court's central empowered committee (CEC) written by the chief secretary B Vijayan, the government has stated that it has decided to go for an independent assessment of all EIA's of mining leases in the state.The aim is to see that reports address shortcomings, accommodate public concerns and ensure the conservation of ecology and environment.The letter also stated that the state government had demanded that environment clearance (EC) should be issued by the MoEF only after a detailed assessment of the EIA report to ensure that local sentiments expressed during public hearings have been reflected and concerns addressed. The letter also states that no response has been received from the central government in this regard.\"The method of public hearing needs to be made more meaningful by involving local bodies, NGO's working in the field of ecology and environment and other local stakeholders,\" said Vijayan in the letter.Further, the state government also said that it is of the view that no mining shall be permitted unless a rehabilitation and reclamation plan is in place in respect of all mining leases and that it has decided to appoint NEERI to undertake the assessments at the cost of leaseholders.\"The state shall ensure that the mines in their mine closure plans make adequate provision for reclamation or restoration of the land to the best possible potential in collaboration with local communities and for their use,\" stated the letter.The letter also stated that the state government will set up a mineral advisory committee comprising technical experts and professional institutions to advise measures for the welfare and socio-economic development of mining and surrounding areas.\"The government shall constitute the Goa minerals development fund with a view or objective to develop the mineral laden areas, including welfare programmes for the people engaged in mineral activities,\" said the letter.On implementation of the state mining policy, Vijayan informed the CEC, \"In order to carry out various policy initiatives and ensure effective implementation of the mining policy of the state, the government has resolved to set up a committee headed by the minister (mines) to monitor and periodically review the implementation of the state mining policy\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17457984", "title": "Children's excessive online time a worry for parents", "text": "Psychologists say the issues which the survey highlights have still not assumed such proportions as to require counselling. \"There hasn't been an increase of parents asking for assistance to help deal with online behavior. However most parents have a problem with how long the child is online or on the phone as opposed to what he/she is accessing online,\" said counsellor Natasha D'Cruz. Whether it is online behavior or behavior in general - having an open conversation and maintaining egalitarian relations with their child will help in the child's development. An open and encouraging relationship will also help build the confidence of the child and promote social relationships which will automatically dissuade the child from seeking social or emotional support from people they know online, she said.Psychiatrist Swapnil Deshmukh however said in last two to three years there has been significant increase in number of parents coming for counselling with children for their excessive time spent on Internet / online or video games or social networking. Indian parents are more worried in terms of loss of study hours and exposure to nudity online than other safety concerns, he said. Deshmukh suggested Internet addiction can be due to social anxiety, depression or mainly peer influence.\"Parents should use technology to ensure they can track what the children are ac-cessing on Internet. Also, we can keep the computer in that part of the house which is frequently accessed by family members,\" Deshmukh said, adding that a stronger bond of communication between children and parents seemed to be the best solution in the circumstances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17457341", "title": "Doctors seek review of provisions in Clinical Establishment Act", "text": "JAIPUR: The Indian Medical Association (IMA) has demanded that the state government hold discussions on the Clinical Establishment Act (CEA), 2010 before implementing it. They raised objections to some provisions in the Act and claimed that problems would arise like in the US if the Act is implemented.The IMA state unit held a meeting on Sunday which was also attended by IMA president Dr G K Ramachandrappa. \"In the US, where the CEA has already been implemented, many problems have come into fore. Like in emergency situation, a patient should be provided treatment whether he is capable of paying or not. The government, however, refused to pay and the insurance companies too refused to pay. In such circumstances, who will pay for the treatment of the patient,\" Ramachandrappa asked.There are so many points in the Act which forced the doctors to protest against the CEA. \"We are not against the Act. It is a good Act. But it cannot be implemented as it is. There should be a committee with representatives of doctors and the state government, to discuss CEA properly before implementing it,\" he said.He added that governments of West Bengal and Tamil Nadu have refused to implement the Act.In August last year, the resolution to adopt the Clinical Establishment Act 2010 was passed in the Assembly. The Act was prepared by the Union government to keep a check on private clinics. The Act provides a legislative framework for registration and regulation of clinical establishments with a view to prescribe minimum standards of facilities and services. With this, private hospitals and nursing homes in the state will have to maintain a minimum standard of facilities and services. The health department is in the process of framing the rules of the Act to implement it in the state.Dr Ramachandrappa said that since the Act was prepared by the Centre, it may not match the need of a particular state. He said that health is a subject matter of the state government and hence the state government should take a call and invite the doctors to discuss the Act.Since clinics, hospitals and private nursing homes would have to be registered with the state government, the doctors claimed that it would encourage inspector raj in the state. One of the doctors said that there are so many points in the Act which needs to be relooked. Even for a single mistake, a doctor will have to pay a fine if caught first and second time. Third time, the registration of the doctor will be cancelled.Moreover, IMA (state unit) secretary SS Agarwal said: \"The government should immediately stop the proceedings for implementing the Act in the state and start a discussion on it. The Act in the present form will not be accepted by us,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17457254", "title": "Appeal to tempo drivers against overloading", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Concerned over spate of accidents involving tempos in the city, volunteers of Allahabad Gaurav Vikas Manch on Sunday took to 'Gandhigiri' to persuade tempo drivers to refrain from taking passengers in excess to ensure road safety. On the other hand commuters were also asked to avoid tempos whose drivers overload passengers, specially on key routes.Hasib Ahmad said a public awareness campaign was also undertaken by manch activists where tempo drivers were also administered an oath not to take passengers in excess of the load sanctioned. Tempos overloading have given rise to a number of road accidents over the last few days.He said indifferent attitude adopted by the local administration too had resulted in the menace.Vijay Purswani president of the manch said commuters on their part should consider safety measures and avoid riding overloaded tempos to avoid risk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17456704", "title": "Chain snatchers on prowl near wedding venues", "text": "NAGPUR: Two incidents of chain-snatchings outside a wedding venue in Bajaj Nagar on Saturday evening have indicated that bike-borne robbers have started targeting invitees who generally attend the event wearing jewellery.Smita Joshi (56) and her son Ashish were heading towards the venue after parking their car when two robbers snatched her gold chain worth around Rs one lakh and fled.Anjali Saoji (40), who too was heading to the same venue, was also targeted when robbers approached her from the wrong side of the road and snatched her gold chain. Her chain was worth Rs 1.1 lakh.Sitabuldi police registered offences in both the cases. Senior police officials visited the spots for inspection. In the past, invitees to weddings were robbed in Laxmi Nagar and Bajaj Nagar. Apart from chain-snatchings outside the venue, thefts inside are also common. Several cases of bag-lifting at wedding venues have been reported in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17456353", "title": "Cong comes out in support of Keshubhai", "text": "VADODARA: In a surprise move, Congress party jumped in to defend GPP chief Keshubhai Patel on Sunday. Congress leaders attacked BJP MP and ex-cricketer Navjot Singh Sidhu for casting aspersions on Patel during his poll campaign in Visavdar some days ago. Sidhu had called Patel an anti-national during his speech.Coming out openly in defence of Patel against Sidhu's slur, the Congress has demanded an apology from Sidhu while terming him as 'Bol Bachhan'. \"Sidhu has insulted a Gujarati and Gujarat by terming Patel as an anti-national. The ex-cricketer, who was himself accused of a serious crime like murder, is making wild allegations against Patel without any proof ,\" Congress general secretary Shailesh Amin told TOI.\"How can Sidhu say that Keshubhai is a backstabber? He should remember that his own party in Gujarat has stabbed Gujaratis in their back by not fulfilling the promises made in 2002 and 2007. He seems to have forgotten that BJP's senior leader L K Advani had praised Mohammad Ali Jinnah in Pakistan,\" Amin said.When asked why Congress was defending the GPP chief who is their rival in the upcoming assembly elections, Amin explained, \"We are defending Keshubhai as a Gujarati and not as a political leader. Sidhu insulted a Gujarati and thereby the entire state by making such allegations. He should apologize and take his words back.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17457188", "title": "Allahabad University announces schedule for semester exams", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Allahabad University authorities have announced the examination schedule of semester exams for its various programmes.The controller of examination, Prof H S Upadhayay informed that the examination of MA (Ancient History) 1st semester 2012-13 will be held on December 10, 12, 14 and 17 from 11am to 2pm in Ancient History Department, AU, and the venue will also host the examination for 3rd semester students of the same course on December 11, 13, 15 and 18 from 11am to 2pm.The examination of MA /MSc (Geography) 1st semester will be held on December 3, 5, 7, 10 and Practicals on December 14 and 15 from 11am to 2pm in Geography Department, AU. For third semester students of the course, the timings and venue remain the same, but the dates are December 4, 6, 8, 11 for written, and December 17 and 18 for practical examinations.The examination of MA (Hindi) 1st semester will be held on December 13, 15, 18, 20 and 22 from 11am to 2pm in Hindi Department, AU while the examination of MA (Hindi) 3rd semester will be held on December 14, 17, 19, 21 and 24 at the same department and on the same timings.Likewise, the exam of MA (Education) 1st semester will be held on December 20, 21 &amp; 22 from 11am to 2pm in Education department. The examination of MA /MSc (Psychology) 1st semester will be held on December 8, 10, 12, 14 from 11am to 1pm and practicals on December 20 and 21 from 10.30 am in Psychology department. On the other hand, the examination of MA /MSc (Psychology) 3rd semester will be held on December 8, 10, 12, 14 from 11am to 2pm and practicals on December 21 and 22 in Psychology Department.The exam of MA/MSc (Mathematics) 1st semester will be held on December 24 and January 3, 5, 7 and 9, 2013 from 11am to 2pm in Mathematics Department, AU.The COE further informed that the exam of MA (Philosophy) 1st semester will be held on December 17, 18, 19, 20 and 21, 2012 from 11am to 2pm in NRSC hall, AU while the examination of Biotechnology 1st and 3{+r}{+d} semester will be held on December 3, 5, 7 and 11, 2012 from 11am to 2pm in the Centre of Biotechnology.The examination for MBA 3{+r}{+d} semester would be held on December 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 17, 19 and 21 as for MBA 1st semester on December 11, 13, 15, 18, 20 and 22 in Commerce department , AU, between 11am and 2pm.The exam for MCA (old syllabus) 5th semester would be held on December 11, 13, 15, 18 and 20 and mini project on December 24, 2012 in the Centre of Computer Education and Training (IPS). The exam for BCA (new syllabus) 1st semester would be held on December 8, 10, 12, 14, 17 and 19 in the Centre of Computer Education &amp; Training (IPS). The exam for BCA (old syllabus) 5th semester would be held on December 11, 13, 15, 18 and 20, practical on December 4, and mini project on December 26 in the Centre of Computer Education and Training (IPS), informed the COE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17456998", "title": "DMK opposes 'two leaves' symbol on MGR memorial", "text": "CHENNAI: The opposition DMK on Sunday joined issue with the Jayalalithaa government to stop the addition of the 'Two Leaves' AIADMK symbol to the MGR memorial on the Marina here at public cost. M G Ramachandran (MGR) was the founder of the AIADMK.In a letter in the form of a petition to the government in the run-up to the MGR death anniversary on December 24, the DMK legal wing secretary R S Bharathi said: \"The DMK party is shocked and surprised to learn that huge money is spent for erection of 'two leaves' at the cost of public exchequer under the guise of renovation of MGR samadhi.\"\"DMK is not against the re-modeling of the memorial of MGR. The samadhi has been renovated during the DMK regime. We are only opposed to spending huge money for propagating the party by way of erecting an AIADMK symbol at the cost of public exchequer,\" he said. The letter has been sent to chief secretary, PWD secretary and the chief election commissioner. In July, the AIADMK government had granted 8.90 crore for renovation of the memorials of C N Annadurai and M G Ramachandran. Funds to the tune of 1.20 crore and 4.30 crore were allotted to renovate the respective memorials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17456498", "title": "Corporation mum as realtor develops scheme road", "text": "COIMBATORE: It is a clear indication that something is fishy when the civic body keeps mum after the promoter of an unapproved layout takes up the responsibility to tar a considerable portion of the corporation scheme road to ensure that there is an approach road to his layout when his potential buyers visit.A similar situation has occurred near Ukkadam as the 50-feet Sundakkamuthur scheme road which has been earmarked by the city corporation as one of its scheme roads in the city. The promoter of Gold Peacock Garden Phase I and II did road maintenance on this stretch up to the portion where his property ends on his own cost without any resistance from the Coimbatore corporation officials.\"The scheme road has been identified and the corporation has also finished some land acquisitions to connect it from the Ukkadam Selvapuram by-pass upto Sundakkamuthur near Puttuvikki. The developer had laid down the portion of the road on his own initiative,\" said K Archunan, ward councillor No 85, Coimbatore municipal corporation.Coimbatore corporation has also ensured a proposal to speed up the construction of a bridge at Puttuvikki at a cost of Rs 15 crore. According to sources, there are numerous unapproved layouts developing near Ukkadam, Selvapuram and Sundakkamuthur areas similar to the illegal one which was razed on Saturday.Archunan had rushed to the unapproved layout on Saturday on hearing about the arrival of the LPA officials as he was under the impression that the portion of the scheme road which was also laid by the private developer will be razed down. However, the authorities left the scheme road portion untouched and only razed down the portion of the roads constructed inside the layout.When TOI contacted KM Stalin of Royal Real Estate who was the developer of Gold Peacock Garden, he confirmed that he had laid the stretch of scheme road up to the property. He also added that he had provided solar powered lights on the side of the road.\"I spent more than Rs 40 lakhs on the road. I was shocked when I heard about the action against my layout,\" said KM Stalin, owner, Royal Real Estate agency.TK Ponnusamy, commissioner of Coimbatore corporation said he will look into the matter when asked why the civic body kept mum when the private developer went ahead with the maintenance work on the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "17458354", "title": "Naidu slams K Chandrasekhar Rao for cosying up to BJP", "text": "NIZAMABAD: TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu on Sunday criticised TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao for trying to hobnob with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).Addressing roadside meetings at various places in Birkur mandal as part of his Vasthunna Meekosam yatra on Sunday, Chandrababu Naidu said KCR, who launched a vitriolic attack on BJP during the 2009 election, was planning to patch up with the saffron party now.He said AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi's recent survey indicates that Congress was contemplating joining hands with the YSR Congress Party. The Congress would bring YSRCP president Jaganmohan Reddy into its fold by prolonging the CBI prosecution in the illegal assets case, he added.He promised to allocate 15 Assembly seats to minorities in the coming election and setup a separate budget with Rs 2,500 crore.Surprisingly, there was no response from party activists when the TDP chief asked for a popular leader to contest from Yellareddy assembly constituency. Later, Chandrababu Naidu conducted a review meeting with party workers of Kamareddy and Yellareddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17458280", "title": "Brothers kill UP girl for honour", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 25-year-old newly-wed woman was shot dead allegedly by her two brothers in a case of honour killing in UP's Moradabad district late on Saturday night.The victim had eloped in March 2012 and married a local youth against the wishes of her family. The victim's husband had a narrow escape as he fled the scene.Reports said Ruby (25), daughter of Irfan of Kothkarbi locality of Mordabad, loved local youth Tahir, son of Mudassir of Fatehullah Sarai locality. However, Irfan reportedly turned down his proposal allegedly because there was a difference in their status.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17456657", "title": "Goa mining trucks will carry Bangalore garbage", "text": "MARGAO: With the uncertainty of resumption of mining industry looming large and, consequently, the question of livelihood staring at their faces, over a hundred owners of mining trucks from Goa have dispatched their vehicles to Bangalore to put them to use for garbage collection of the Bangalore municipal corporation. Several others are preparing to do the same.The Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) has recently allotted the task of garbage clearance in 168 wards of the Karnataka capital, which are divided into 80 packages. Of these, 50 have been bagged by a single company, BVG India Ltd, and representatives of the firm are currently down in Goa scouting for interested truck owners to sign the contract agreement with the firm for engaging their vehicles on a rental basis.From P 1Speaking to TOI, Keshav Shekhar, the Goa representative of BVG, said that already 115 trucks have joined their fleet of garbage vehicles in Bangalore. \"Many more will join us shortly. They have asked for time to get the vehicles painted green (as required for garbage collection vehicles) and inscribe 'BBMP' on them. The truck owners have to sign an agreement with BVG for a period of one year, which will be renewed after completion of a year,\" Shekhar said. The contract for garbage clearance work with the BBMP is for three years, it is learnt.Several truck-owners TOI spoke to, found the enterprise neither lucrative nor safe enough. \"It's risky to engage our trucks in another state where we won't be able to monitor its movement and maintenance. Besides, what's the guarantee of regular payments from a company, the credentials of which we know nothing about?\" a truck owner from Sanvordem said.Sources said BVG India Ltd is the second largest housekeeping company in the country, managing waste in some 72 cities, with an annual turnover of Rs 596 crore. As per the tender agreement, the contractors will employ sanitary workers for door-to-door waste collection. The garbage will be segregated into dry and wet waste and carried to the segregation point. This waste will then be transported by trucks to garbage yards identified by BBMP. Sources said the contractors will be free to sell the plastic to recyclers and wet waste for use as manure.Sources said since BVG has insufficient infrastructure in terms of men and machines, the idle mining trucks in Goa were targeted by the firm.As there is some dispute between BBMP and the previous garbage contractors, truck owners from Goa are apprehensive of a law and order problem, and therefore hesitant in inking an agreement with BVG. The situation promoted BVG to issue a notice in local newspapers reassuring truck owners about the safety of their vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457275", "title": "White blood cells can prove brain damage", "text": "NEW DELHI: The doctors at All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) have found a 'marker' to assess the precision of brain surgery. A study conducted by the institute doctors has shown that leukocyte count \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a component of blood \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is directly proportional to the damage inflicted to a brain during a surgery.This means that higher a patient's leukocyte count after a surgery, the extent of brain damage is likely to be more, and vice-versa.\"Leukocyte count peaks on the first post-operative day and gradually returns to the baseline within four to five days. A simple blood test conducted during this (peak) period can help evaluate the brain damage. If the leukocyte count is found to be higher than the ideal mark, then the neurosurgeon should rework on his/her skills for a better outcome,\" said Dr Deepak Agrawal, associate professor of neurosurgery at AIIMS, and the lead author of this study. Patients can also check the leukocyte levels to assess the surgical outcome, he added.Brain damage is inevitable in major surgeries. However, tactless handling of brain by neurosurgeons can also lead to damage and it can be a major cause of death and cognitive impairment, said Dr Agrawal.The neurosurgery department of AIIMS had conducted a six-month long study involving 76 patients \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 46 brain tumour cases (that required significant brain handling), of which 30 required correction of aneurysm or balloon like bulge in the artery (that requires minimum brain handling). The main aim, said Agrawal, was to find out if an increase in leukocyte count can prove as a marker to asses the brain injury. \"The study proved true as the leukocyte count was 50% more in all patients who underwent surgery for tumour due to higher collateral brain damage as compared to those operated for the correction of aneurysm. We are now trying to work on the development of a standard guideline so as to improve the outcome,\" he added.Leukocytes are cells of the immune system, also referred to as white blood cell, that are involved in defending the body against both infectious diseases and foreign materials.The doctor said that brain has extremely low tolerance for trauma and even minimal brain handling during surgery can lead to life-long cognitive impairment.\"Neurosurgeons over the ages have attempted to decrease the amount of damage to the brain while operating on it. However, there was no objective marker available. Radiological markers are only visible if there are major changes in the form of brain bulge, edema, mid-line shift and mass effect. Because of these limitations, the clinical outcome of the patient was taken as a measure of 'brain handling' during surgery, which can be argued to be a surrogate measure of the skill of the neurosurgeon,\" said Agrawal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17460796", "title": "CII calls for extending Kyoto Protocol at Doha talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: With no breakthroughs in the first week of the Doha climate talks on extending the Kyoto Protocol, Indian industry lobby CII Monday called for starting the Protocol's second commitment period and resolving issues of converting targets into \"quantified emission limitation and reduction objectives\" (QELROs).The Kyoto Protocol is the world's only legally binding regime that ensures emission reduction by developed countries, and for governments meeting at Doha this week key issues include length of the second commitment period, QELROs, and legal formulation of amendment to the Protocol.The United Nations Climate Change conference is being held in Doha, Qatar from Nov 26-Dec 7.With no breakthrough during the last week, some progress is expected this week with several ministers joining the negotiations from Monday.The Confederation of Indian Industry, which has sent a delegation to Doha from Dec 2-5, said in a statement: \"Decisions regarding the Kyoto Protocol as well as clarity on the sources of funding and scaling up the finances available to developing countries are expected to be the key deliverables of this meeting.\"\"Governments have reiterated their commitment to craft and operationalise mechanisms to implement the decisions that were taken in Durban (climate talks in 2011). This is clearly good news and will ensure that the climate negotiations at Doha will put the wheels in motion for a new chapter in international climate change negotiations,\" it added.CII also hoped for greater clarity in disbursal of money from funds like the Green Climate Fund (GCF), which entails long term commitments of $100 billion to facilitate investment in low carbon projects that provide a positive return on investment.Recognising that business has a critical role to play in transition to a low carbon economy, CII said the work requires access to technology and investments and that the Doha talks would hopefully provide \"clarity on these key issues\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17462093", "title": "Prithviraj miffed", "text": "It looks like actor Prithviraj is miffed as he has been refuting reports that appeared in a section of media, that he is giving a step-motherly treatment to the southern film industry.The actor recently made his Bollywood debut opposite Rani Mukherji with Aiiya and the song Dreamum Wakeupam... became a runaway hit. Now the latest buzz in the industry is that the actor is giving a cold shoulder to the southern film industry, since his Bollywood innings has taken off. Some reports even claimed that he was shifting his base to Mumbai, and that the actor would concentrate on Hindi films henceforth.But Prithviraj rubbishes the reports saying that it was indeed true that he spent more months in Mumbai this year. He added that he did not want to stay in a hotel for a long time and wanted a place that he could call home and that's why he took a house there.The Abhiyum Naanum actor maintained that just because he was shifting his base to Mumbai doesn't mean that he would stop acting in southern films. Prithviraj wants to be part of good cinema and wants to do more Tamil and Malayalam films, if he gets interesting roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17458328", "title": "Man ends life at ex-wife\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s house", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 25-year-old man chose his former wife's house in Naroda as the spot to commit suicide as he could not come to terms with their divorce even after one year.Naroda police said that when Neha Trivedi, a resident of Venunath Society in New Naroda, came back to her house at 7.45 pm, along with other family members, she found her former husband Kishor Trivedi, a resident of Satyam Society in Mansa, dead on the first floor of the house. Kishor had hanged himself by a plastic rope tied to the ceiling.\"In the primary questioning, we got to know that Kishor and Neha got married three years ago. However, due to family issues, the marriage ended in a bitter divorce in 2011. It was a difficult decision for Kishor and he had been trying to reconcile with her for past few months. However, Neha, now engrossed in her new life to take care of her mother and younger siblings, refused to come back,\" said a Naroda police official.Investigators said that the house had a back door which was not locked. \"We believe that Kishor might have come to talk to her and when did not find her at home, overcame with grief and took the extreme step. We have not found any suicide note from the spot,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "17457968", "title": "System of Root Intensification method now inspiring farmers abroad: Nalanda DM", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Nalanda DM Sanjay Kumar Agarwal on the occasion of harvesting at village Kasimpur, on Saturday said, \"Farmers of Nalanda are getting more return on their investments as they have engineered a 35-40% growth in paddy production by using System of Root Intensification (SRI) and their success stories have prompted scientists and farmers of the other countries, who are turning towards the district to learn the technique the local farmers have adopted.\"The DM said the system of root intensification was introduced in the district in 2009 and a handful of farmers switched over to the new technique. After their success stories more and more farmers started sowing crops on the new system. A farmer Sumant Kumar from village Darveshpura in the district had beaten the world record last season by producing 224 quintals paddy per hectare against the previous record of 190 quintals of yield held by a Chinese. This year too, the farmers have a bumper crop and the highest known yield so far is 137 quintal per hectare, highest in the state, and the figure may improve as harvesting in various parts of the district will take place in the next few days.District agriculture officer (DAO) Sudama Mahto, who was also present on the occasion, said a handful of farmers experimented the new technique of system of root intensification in 2009 and only 10 hectare of 1.27 lakh hectare of paddy field was covered under the SRI. And when Maya Devi, a woman from Andy panchayat under Asthawan block in the district got an yield of 94 quintal per hectare yield, which was almost the double of what she got using traditional method, opened the eyes of farmers. Now several hundred farmers have adopted the new technique with 36,000 hectares of the total paddy field covered under SRI this year and within three years the paddy yield was enhanced to 600 MT from 400 MT.The DM said farmers need not worry about the market of their produce as the district administration will start procurement of paddy from December 6, through Primary Agriculture Credit Society (PACS) and an advance of Rs 10 lakh will be given to each one of them to make on the spot payment to the farmers. He said the administration has also made arrangements for safe storage of grains as it has taken several godowns on rent.Besides paddy, wheat production is also on the rise as farmers of the district due to application of system of root intensification and the district has not only become self-reliant but has surplus stock for the PDS shops of neighbouring districts as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457647", "title": "Only one House needs to clear FEMA amendments: Kamal Nath", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPA government on Sunday claimed that amendments to the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA) to facilitate foreign supermarkets to open stores in India required the approval of only one House of Parliament.Ahead of a crucial debate with voting on FDI in multi-brand retail in the Lok Sabha on December 4-5, the government also said it was confident of its numbers.\"If one House has passed it, it passes. It does not need both Houses to pass it. That's what is prescribed in the rules,\" parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath said in a TV interview.The minister's claim may lead to another round of confrontation with opposition parties which have been arguing that the FEMA notification needs the approval of both Houses of Parliament and cannot come into force if it falls in Rajya Sabha where the UPA lacks majority.The opposition wants a vote in both the Houses on changes to FEMA, tabled in the Lok Sabha on Friday, and even threatened to move court if the government failed to do so.The government, however, was undeterred by the opposition's threat. \"Anything can go to court. If it goes, we will deal with it,\" Nath said.The minister insisted that the rules were separate for Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha. However, he accepted that the FEMA notification - which could well be passed in the budget session as the government has 30 working days of Parliament to get the nod \u00e2\u20ac\u201d may drag into the next session which is three months away.Nath said he had got no assurance from the SP and BSP on the FDI issue which will be debated and voted upon in both Houses but he expressed confidence that they will support the UPA. \"I have good reason to believe that they (SP and BSP) will vote with the government because they are responsible parties and they will understand the politics of it... They are not going to vote for the politics of the BJP,\" he added.\"At this moment, I have no assurance from any political party. All I know is I believe that I will be able to prevail upon political parties to make them understand what is behind this vote,\" he said.The minister said he was in talks with all political parties. \" We are confident that we will be able to carry it through in the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha. I am confident of my numbers,\" he said.The government denied attempts to manipulate members from abstaining or coming to vote on FDI. \"Just as I am not arranging for abstention of Sachin Tendulkar, I am not arranging for abstention from any party. I am not giving a thought to whether we will win here or lose there. I am confident of winning in the Rajya Sabha,\" Nath said.The minister maintained that BJP did not control Parliament anymore and the whole FDI issue had become \"messy\" due to the opposition. \"I don't think anybody has a veto over us. Lets not be under this delusion,\" he said.Nath was also confident of getting other crucial bills of finance ministry, including the insurance and pensions bills, passed in this session. \"I have talked to the main opposition. The insurance and pensions bill are acceptable to them with some amendments. The standing committee on finance has given a report. Finance minister is examining this report. He is talking directly to the opposition on it,\" Nath said.\"As soon as they have convergence we will have the bill. I am confident the finance minister will find convergence on this,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17456673", "title": "Doctors sniff murder in suicide case", "text": "BANGALORE: Police are taking a fresh look into the alleged suicide of a I BSc student after doctors at Victoria Hospital hinted at murder in the case.Lohit Venkatesh, 18, a resident of Pattegarapalya in Kamakshipalya and student of KLE College, Rajajinagar, was found dead on the Nayandanahalli railway tracks late last Tuesday.According to sources, Victoria Hospital officials informed the police that marks similar to a stab wound were found on the body of the victim. So a fresh inquiry was suggested.Lohit's father Venkatesh had alleged that his son was murdered. \"My son was well behaved and doing good academically. He had no issues. Why would he commit suicide? Someone must have killed him,\" he had said in a statement to the media following the incidentLohit had not attended that day's internal exam in college. According to Venkatesh, Lohit called home at around 6pm on Tuesday, asking whether any of his friends had called on his cell phone. \"My wife asked him why he had skipped that day's exam,\" Venkatesh said. Lohit disconnected the phone, saying he would return home by night. \"When he failed to turn up, we called his friends. But no one had any idea where he was,\" Venkatesh said.Railway police officers said they are looking into the evidence again. \"There were sharp edges on the train which could have caused the wound. The reason why we are sticking to suicide is because of the evidence collected from the spot. No blood was found anywhere else apart from where he was hit by the train. There was no blood trail suggesting he was murdered and then dropped on the track,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17458176", "title": "Firemen rescue 10 trapped in lift", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A group of shoppers at a shopping complex near Shivranjani Crossroads got trapped inside a lift on Sunday. Firemen later rescued them after a 15-minute operation.According to Ahmedabad Fire And Emergency Services (AFES) officials, they got a call from Sheetal Varsha complex in Satellite at 12.25 pm on Sunday. \"The shoppers were going from third floor to ground floor when it got trapped between second and third floor. Our team reached the spot at 12.30 pm and started the operation,\" said an AFES official.The firemen said that the hydraulic system of the lift had got jammed, resulting into trip in the supply to the lift. \"We took the lift to the second floor and forced open the doors. Those trapped included three senior citizens who complained of mild breathlessness. They spent more than 20 minutes in the lift. We have informed the lift inspectors to ascertain the reason of malfunctioning,\" said the official.AFES officials said that most of the times it's the old lifts that cause such incidents. \"As there are more than 10,000 lifts in the city, we receive on an average two to three calls every week related to the lift malfunction,\" said a senior AFES official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457825", "title": "'Judges must apply minds while deciding cases'", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief Justice of the Bombay high court Mohit Shah asked judges to \"be sensitive\", \"apply their minds, take cognizance and make decisions based on the facts of each case\". Addressing audience comprising the district judiciary at the Maharashtra judicial academy in Uttan where he launched the project 'Disseminating Knowledge' on Sunday, the Chief Justice said, \"Magistrates must recognize the distinction between higher, positive societal values and the negative mob values\".The Chief Justice made no specific mention of the Palghar Facebook arrest case, but he clearly was referring to it when he pointed out the \"little known\" 2010 Maharashtra Act that prohibits violent attacks on hospitals. The Act and its non-bailable section was applied to the mob that vandalized the Dr Dhada hospital in Palghar two Sundays ago causing extensive damage, but the Palghar magistrate had granted immediate bail to the 10 culprits.The Chief Justice said that if a patient's relative reacts to some bad news at a hospital and breaks a single chair, a bail granted may be understood, but \"if 20 hooligans go and break an operation theatre and cause damage worth Rs 20 lakh, will you give bail? It is so grossly a different case.\"The HC had within a week transferred Palghar magistrate R G Bagade to Jalgaon. Hundreds of young magistrates, including 67 trainee junior magistrate first class (JFMC) and the youngest Prajakta Dhane (23) soon to be posted in far-flung districts paid rapt attention. CJ Shah said, \"If we are sensitive, no one will say judges need to be elected.\"\"Consistency is important. We are told we must be consistent else people will make allegations against us. But judges need to also think like rationale human beings. We do not have to simply look at the sections of a statute, have to look at facts and then apply the law,\" he added. \"Societal values are those which are recognized by the Constitution.\"The CJ said judges must have seven main qualities, the first being \"honesty\", followed by sensitivity, hard skills, soft skills, sincerity, writing short judgments and communication skills. He elaborated on each and pointed out how in Gujarat a judge who disposed only three cases in three years was sacked for his lack of sincerity after an enquiry. \"Lack of sincerity amounts to dishonesty,\" he said.Justice V M Kanade also stressed that judges must \"assess evidence without fear or favour'' and \"act according to law and conscience\".Justice D Y Chandrachud said judges make good judges when they also have a \"robust sense of societal values and a sense of compassion and sensitivity\". The website of the academy was also launched by the CJ and Justice Chandrachud in the presence of Justices Kanade, K U Chandiwal, S P Daware, A M Thipsay and the event was webcast live to district courts across the state.A workshop on cyber forensics and digital evidence was also conducted for 250 judges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457372", "title": "Victim\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s kin get Rs 13L damages", "text": "NEW DELHI: The family of a 33-year-old man, killed after being hit by a rashly-driven car, has been awarded Rs 13,64,144 as compensation by a Motor Accident Claims Tribunal here.MACT presiding officer Dinesh Bhatt ordered Reliance General Insurance Company Limited, with which the offending vehicle was insured, to pay the sum within one month.Victim Mohan Lal's wife had said he died after a rashly-driven car hit his scooter on June 28, 2011 near Miranda House college.Surender Singh, the owner of the offending car, contested the plea saying the accident was not caused due to his negligence and Mohan was driving his vehicle in an inebriated condition.The tribunal, however, rejected his arguments relying on the post-mortem report, as per which Mohan had died due to the blunt force impact caused by the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17458815", "title": "'Shrink my virtual burden'", "text": "LUDHIANA: Are social networking sites an indispensable part of your life? Many of you will answer in the affirmative. With several Ludhianvis hooked on these, the city psychiatrists are receiving many clients complaining of addiction to the sites.Dr Ranjive Mahajan, head of the department of psychiatry at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), said, \"We get seven to eight cases in a month wherein patients complain of addiction to social networking sites. We hardly received any such cases two to three years ago. The obsession leads to multiple psychiatric problems. For instance: it causes insomnia and depression , among others.\"The dependence can not only harm you, but others too. Dr Anshu Gupta, visiting consultant of psychiatry at SPS Apollo Hospital, said, \"I receive cases wherein patients say that they keep updating their status messages even when they are on the move. It is the height of addiction. This affects their brain. And by doing so while driving, they put themselves and others at risk. I see 10 to 12 such cases in a month. Most of the patients are youngsters.\"Experts say only some are aware of the addiction. \"There is lack of awareness among the addicts. They do not realize that their frequent urge to be on the sites is actually an obsession. We counsel, motivate and advise abstinence to such patients,\" said Dr Sandeep Goel, associate professor of psychiatry at Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH).Facebook and Whatsapp are an important part of my life. Not even a single day passes when I don't meet my friends and relatives on these platforms. Most of the times, I am signed-in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17456982", "title": "Left parties, VCK go on communal harmony stir", "text": "CHENNAI: The left parties, VCK and some other regional outfits will hold an agitation in Chennai on Monday to highlight the need for promoting communal harmony against the backdrop of the recent caste violence in Dharmapuri and Cuddalore districts.After the attack on some dalit colonies in Dharmapuri district on November 7 followed by a similar attack in Cuddalore district on November 27, the VCK, which is a champion of Dalit rights, and the PMK, which is identified as a party of the dominant Vanniyar community, have been trading charges of fanning caste hatred. On Sunday, the PMK organized an all-community meeting (of non-dalits) in Chennai at which seven resolutions were passed proposing to hold an agitation to press its demand for amending the Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act in the light of what it contended was filing of false cases to settle personal scores against non-dalits.In another development, DMK chief M Karunanidhi attributed the Dharmapuri caste violence to the absence of the Dravidian movement. Youth cadres of DMK and Dravidar Kazhagam will fight against caste, he said at the 80th birthday celebration of DK leader K Veeramani. \"Successive DMK regimes always supported love and inter-caste marriages. Nobody can play caste politics for the next 10 years,\" he said.A statement from VCK said it has organized the agitation to condemn the caste violence in Dharmapuri and Cuddalore districts. Apart from VCK leader Thol Thirumavalavan, CPI state secretary D Pandian, CPM state secretary G Ramakrishnan, MMK general secretary Thameem Ansari and Dravida leaders Kolathur Mani and Suba Veerapandian are to attend the agitation.Thirumavalavan alleged that PMK has been using the dalit card against the non-dalits. A resolution adopted at Sunday's meeting alleged that 98% of cases under SC/ST Act are false.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17458466", "title": "Bhageerathi Lake road work halted", "text": "HYDERABAD: The road work taken up by Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation's (GHMC) near Bhageerathi Lake in Nanakramguda were halted with local activists approaching Lok Ayukta against it.The construction of the 100-metre road, from Nanakramguda main road to the STP (Sewerage Treatment Plant) of the Bhageeradhi Lake, was taken up about 10 days ago.However, activists alleged that the construction of the road was only to provide better accessibility to the Ramanaidu Studios since one of their family members was getting married at the studio soon.\"There are many areas and localities in the city which need good roads. Instead of focusing on that, the GHMC is spending Rs 28 lakhs for this road which would not be used by anyone except by the visitors to the studio.\" Thakur Rajkumar Singh, convenor, SOUL (Save Our Urban Lakes), who had filed the case at Lok Ayukta said.He further pointed out that GHMC had started the construction of this road without even intimating the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Severage Board (HMWS&SB;) as the road was to come up near sewerage treatment plant, which is managed by the board. The activists alleged that the construction was against the environmental norms as it was being laid inside the full tank level of the Bhageeradhi lake.However, the concerned GHMC officials were unfazed by the criticism but admitted that in view of recent development the work has been stopped.\"We are laying the road for the sewerage treatment plant only. The construction of the road is not inside the lake vicinity and does not flout any norms,\" Aleem Basha, the zonal commissioner, west zone, GHMC said. \"But presently the work has been stopped,\" Basha added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17458861", "title": "Mohali to have dog bylaws by December-end", "text": "LUDHIANA: It's a dog's world in Mohali as stray dogs have made residential areas and community parks their abode. In a recent development, the Mohali municipal corporation has announced that it is finally ready to frame guidelines for dog bylaws by the end of December.The news has brought great relief to city residents who were left to fend for themselves in the absence of active role of authorities in tackling the problem.Earlier, taking a serious note of the vicious dog attacks in the district, Mohali resident and former councillor Kuljit Singh Bedi had approached the Punjab and Haryana high court against the lackadaisical attitude of the authorities towards framing guidelines for dog bylaws. Following this the court, in its order on October 30, had ordered the Mohali municipal corporation to frame the guidelines for dog bylaws in two months.Former councillor Bedi said, \"Using the Right to Information (RTI) Act I had asked the Mohali municipal corporation to provide data for dog bite cases in the district, but they refused saying that they don't have any such data. They argued that victims go to private hospitals also.\" Executive officer G S Shahi said, \"The court had directed us to frame the guidelines in two months and we are working on it. The dog bylaws will be implemented soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17456877", "title": "Senior citizen found murdered", "text": "NAGPUR: MIDC police have registered a case of murder after the body of a 65-year-old woman was found at her room at Jaitala Juni wasti on Sunday morning. Widow Sunita Sheware was staying alone at the place. The jewelleries on her were missing.Police were not clear about the incident until the forensic department of the Government Medical College and Hospital indicated in its preliminary findings that the woman was throttled. There were injury marks on her face and neck.Sunita was found dead in the morning by her son Chandrakant who stays with wife Savita in the adjacent house. It has come to fore that Sunita, living off her husband's pension, had constructed a new place for her as she could not adjust with son and daughter-in-law. There was an ongoing property dispute in the family. Sunita's body was wrapped in a blanket.It is also learnt that Savita had sent her son-in-law, under disguise, to Sunita's place to know whether she was interested to sell off her portion of the property. Sunita had turned him away.Police said that Sunita, following her dinner, had a conversation with Chandrakant who was in her room. Chandrakant later returned to his room, but police has learnt that Savita, her younger son and another cousin continued to be with Sunita till late.Police said that the scene of the murder seemed to arouse doubt that the murder was an insider's handiwork. It is not possible that a stranger would come knocking on the door and an elderly woman shall allow him to come inside without raising an alarm, said a senior cop.He added that the door was not broken which suggests that it was someone who entered with the occupant's permission. The bedsheet was not crumpled which also shows that there was no struggle on the cot which was likely if the senior citizen would have been attacked by a robber. The belongings in the room and the other valuables were not touched in the room, which also underlined the doubt whether the motive behind the murder was robbery.MIDC police are interrogating Savita, her son and the cousin who were in the room of the senior citizen till late. \"A scene of robbery was being made up to mislead cops,\" said a senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457048", "title": "Burglars strike at 3 Vasant Kunj houses, decamp with loot", "text": "NEW DELHI: Burglars targeted three houses in sector B Vasant Kunj, south Delhi, on Saturday night and decamped with cash and jewellery after ransacking them. The miscreants even defecated in one of the houses.The incident came to light on Sunday morning after the residents of the nearby houses woke up to their flats being locked from outside. \"We raised alarm and alerted our neighbours who opened the doors. We came to know that the flat at the ground floor had been broken in. We informed the police. Later we were told that two more flats in the next two lanes have been burgled,\" a resident said.A senior police officer said that the thieves targeted house number 4287, 4333 and 4290 located at pocket 5 and 6 of the sector. The thieves, it appears, conducted a thorough recce of the area as they knew that these three flats were unoccupied and the owners were out. The burglars, police said, spent more than half an hour in each flat and even defecated in one of the houses.\"First they ransacked Gaurav Aggarwal's house (number 4290). Then they targeted Jagat Sinha's house (number 4287) on the second floor in the next lane. Sinha is presently in the US. Finally they struck at house number 4333 owned by Poonam Aggarwal who was in Malviya Nagar with her mother at the time of incident,\" a cop said. Police is yet to make a detailed list of the items stolen till the filing of this report.The residents alleged that police seldom patrolled the area and did not pay heed to their requests for more police presence as there have been increase in the incidents of theft in the area.Police said the modus operandi suggested that the burglaries were carried by the infamous chaddi - baniyan gang. A case of theft has been registered and police are questioning several people.A few months ago burglars had targeted three flats in Vasant Kunj area in one night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17457400", "title": "Building materials at roadside causing accidents", "text": "JAIPUR: Several constructions take place in the city on a given day and one would find a large number of construction materials or debris lying on roadsides for months on end. These building materials are often a threat to the commuters. Civic agencies consider these materials as \"temporary encroachment\" and there are strict provisions to deal with it.On Saturday, a 16-year-old teenager, Rahul Sahani, who was going to his tuition classes on a bike, was seriously injured when his bike got skidded and he was thrown onto some iron rods lying near an under-construction house in Raja Park's Udai Marg area. An iron rod penetrated his stomach.In fact, neither the officers of JMC nor the JDA undertake any steps to ensure that such material lie on the road for months on end and become a threat to the commuters.TOI on Sunday found that in many areas like Jhotwara, Mansarovar, Bapu Nagar, Tonk Road and Walled City, building materials and debris were strewn around\"Usually the debris and raw material including the iron rods lying outside a construction site is taken as temporary encroachment. As per provisions, we send notices to the owner of the site to clear the encroachment and if he fails to comply, we tend to seize all such materials,\" said an officer of JMC.Some residents of societies after going through the news reports of the teenager, complained that they regularly make complaints in this regard which is usually ignored.\"I personally met senior officers of JMC to draw their attention towards the building materials in our colony a week ago as the material is always dangerous for kids and teenagers riding bicycles in the evening. But none of the officials responded to it till date,\" said Sita Ram Sharma of Awadh Puri Vikas Samiti ( a resident's society)However, after the teenager's freak accident, the concerned authorities of the JMC asked various zone commissioners to ask the owners of construction sites to clear the encroachment.\"We have been doing it on and off. But on Sunday various teams in different zones visited the areas and identified these sites. Notices have been issued to the owners to clear the encroachments in 24 hours,\" said Dinesh Sharma, vigilance officer, JMC while talking to TOI on Sunday..He added that anyone who finds this kind of material lying on the road in their respective colonies call directly at the helpline number of JMC for the remedy.Meanwhile, the condition of Rahul Sahani (16), was stable after he was operated at Fortis hospital. \"Two iron rods penetrated his stomach. He is better and stable and is undergoing treatment at the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) after the operation,\" said Sandeep Jain, gastro-surgeon of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17450963", "title": "Kavita Radheshyam follows Sherlyn in Kamasutra 3D", "text": "Though her debut film 5 Ghantey Mein 5 Crore was not able to create a stir at the box office, The Bold and Controversial Kavita Radheshyam rejected Bigg Boss season 6 wild card entry offer and landed herself in a principal role in Rupesh Paul's much talked about international film 'Kamasutra 3D'.Kamasutra 3D was always in the news as it has the 'Playboy' actress Sherlyn Chopra playing the lead role. The film's first look was recently revealed at IFFI (Goa).Speaking about the role and the film Kavita says, \"It was really an honor that Rupesh Paul the director thought of me. I have seen Rupesh Paul's Malayalam film 'Laptop' that had Suresh Gopi and according to me the film was ahead of it's time. The role that I play in Kamasutra is very challenging and will hit the right note.\"Kavita had played a bar dancer in 5 Ghantey Mien 5 Crore which had some really bold scenes, She is also playing the second lead part in the big budgeted Kannada feature film 'Ragini IPS' where she again plays a seductress.And now sources reveals, Kavita has accepted an electrifying nude scene in Kamasutra 3D. \"I cannot reveal much about the role as this would be very early.But all I can say is Kamasutra 3D also explores my acting talent and capability in every way.\"When contacted director Rupesh Paul, he said \"Kavita Radheshyam is very bold and daring actress and my film requires actors like her. Her character in the film has lots of sensational scenes and she has agreed to it, And the character she is playing will get lot of sympathy in the movie. Moreover, I was looking for Indian actors who are also daring and bold in real life and Kavita is one such person.\"Kamasutra 3D goes on floors from December 20th onwards and is slated for a 2013 release. Meanwhile, Director Rupesh is also ready with his international horror-romantic film called 'Saint Dracula 3D' which releases in February 2013 all over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17456937", "title": "Divided saffron house unites to re-elect, fete its state chief", "text": "LUCKNOW: The re-election of Dr Laxmikant Bajpayi to the post of president of Uttar Pradesh Bharatiya Janata Party was followed by a state council meeting of the party in the Capitol cinema auditorium on Sunday. Torch-bearers of Hindutva including Varun Gandhi the party's MP from Pilibhit and Yogi Adityanath the Gorakhpur MP were the ones who took the limelight at the party's held at erstwhile Capitol picture hall.Bajpayi's re-election for a further term of three years after serving on the post for eight months may have been unopposed, but differences within the party are no secret. At the party meet on Sunday, however, the leaders put up a united face. Adityanath made one of his rare appearances at the state BJP meet to congratulate Bajpayi, while Gandhi shared the dais with senior BJP leaders after a long time in the state capital.Both Yogi and Gandhi had remained out of sight for different reasons during UP Assembly elections in March giving rise to reports of conflict among the party leadership.Talking to TOI, Yogi admitted it was his first visit to the state BJP office citing his busy schedule in Gorakhpur as the reason. Addressing the gathering, he expressed hope that under Bajpayi's leadership, the part would become strong and added that once the organisation was strong, there would be no stopping the BJP from repeating the 1991 and 1998 election feat. Speaking on the 2014 Lok Sabha election, the Gorakhpur MP said: \"We will have to fight a 'mahabharat' to improve the party's performance.\"Amidst sloganeering, Varun Gandhi congratulated Bajpayi for his election and urged him not to forget the last man of the society. He even called upon the party leaders and workers to win trust and hearts of the people of the state. \"There will be a strong undercurrent against Samajwadi Party rule by the time Lok Sabha elections are held. We will have to work religiously neither for ourselves, nor for party, but only for becoming the best option for the voter.\"He peppered his speech with comic relief , asking slogan shouters to be silent lest their chant in his support be misconstrued as sponsored, or asking previous state BJP chief Surya Pratap Shahi to go back to his seat as he made his way out amidst the meet, lest his exit sent out the wrong signal.Senior BJP leader Omprakash Singh was the first among the battery of senior BJP leaders occupying space on the dais to talk of differences and difficulties a party chief in the state had to face.\"I pray for Laxmikant Bajpayi to get the strength to fight disputes within the party,\" said Singh, adding, \"BJP's original power is its clean image. We will have to sacrifice our personal interests and work for the interest of the party. We failed only because of internal dispute,\" Singh said.National vice-president of the party Kalraj Misra focused on the pros and cons attached to elections in the organisation. Finally, thanking everyone for his election as state BJP chief, Bajpayi said: \"During my Rashtriya Swayemsewak Sangh days, I was impressed with one message that when the game of chess is over, all the pieces be it the king, queen , rooks or even pawns are put together in the same box.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457787", "title": "15 years after car theft, man to get insurance claim", "text": "MUMBAI: Fifteen years after an Andheri resident's car was stolen during a trip to Delhi, he is set to receive the insurance amount of Rs 2.26 lakh along with Rs 2.93 lakh compensation. Referring to The Oriental Insurance Co Ltd's reason to reject the claim on the grounds that the documents were not submitted, the Maharashtra state consumer disputes commission said, \"We find that the insurance company acted contrary to the instructions of IRDA Rules and on flimsy grounds kept the claim pending and did not settle the it same, thus, the deficiency in service on the part of the company on this count is well established.\"According to Taufique Ahmed Khan, his vehicle was stolen when he travelled in the car for business to Delhi on the night between December3 and December 4, 1998. The next morning, he filed a theft report at Delhi's Kamla Market police station. However, the cops could not trace the vehicle. Khan then filed the claim and submitted the necessary documents. But the claim was not settled for a long time and he filed a complaint on September 21, 2000.The company opposed the complaint on the grounds that all the documents asked for were not supplied and hence they could not probe the claim.In support of his case, Khan filed his affidavit and relied upon the correspondence and copies of the documents supplied to the insurance company.Referring to the documents submitted, the commission said that all papers were supplied. \"In this background, it is important to refer to communication of the complainant, where he intimated the company's higher authorities that his claim is unnecessarily kept pending with the expectation to receive some gratification from him as explained by some thecompany officials,\" the commission said.The commission held that after submission of the police report, within a reasonable time, the company ought to have settled the insurance claim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "rajahmundry", "code": "17456559", "title": "Trafficking racket busted 5 held; racket kingpin still on the run", "text": "RAJAHMUNDRY: A gang involved in running a prostitution racket in East Godavari district was busted here on Sunday. The kingpin of the racket , however, is still at large. Five gang members were arrested near Malleswara rice mills on Satya Sri Road when they were moving under suspicious circumstances. Mandapeta circle inspector P V Ramana said they were picked up last evening.On a tip-off, the cops laid a trap and picked up a person who spilled the beans of his involvement in trafficking women for prostitution. \"Based on the leads provided by him, we havearrested four others from the area,\" police said. The five accused were identified as Krishna, Nagaraju, Durga Prasad, M Radhakrishna and Ramana. Police also recovered Rs 4,800 cash and a few mobile phones. tnnA police official said that efforts were on to arrest the main accused and kingpin of the gang from Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17456735", "title": "Rabid dog attacks 5-year-old", "text": "BANGALORE: For the second time in a week, stray dogs in the city bared their teeth with chilling affect. A five-year-old girl, Razia, was attacked by a rabid dog at Basaveshwara Layout in Nagashettyhalli of Sanjaynagar ward on Sunday afternoon.On November 25, a 23-year-old housewife had been attacked and mauled by another stray dog in Mallathahalli, near Jnanabharathi campus.In the latest unprovoked attack, Razia was bit on her right cheek by the rabid dog. Rushed to M S Ramaiah Hospital, Razia has been kept under observation for infection.The child was playing in front of her house when the dog attacked her. Passersby chased away the dog and rescued the child form further mauling.\"It is a deep bite on her cheek. We might have to do plastic surgery on her face. We have told her parents. We have kept her under observation and are awaiting her family's decision.Her vitals are otherwise normal now,\" said Dr Naresh Shetty, medical officer in Ramaiah hospital.Shafi Khan, Razia's father and labourer, said his daughter had her breakfast and walked out of the house around 9 am, when the dog attacked her. He said he came out hearing her cries for help and chased away the dog.Dr Parvez Piran, joint director, animal husbandry department, BBMP, said that the rabid dog has been captured and will be kept in isolation for 10 days.He said an aggressive drive will be taken up on Wednesday to sterilize all stray dogs in Sanjaynagar on Monday.The official blamed Saturday's attack on the spiralling garbage crisis in the city.Housewife Jyothi was on her way to her parents' residence when a stray dog attacked her in Jnanajyothi Nagar, near Mallathahalli. The canine left deep wounds on her legs, hands and nose and also tore her left eyelid.BBMP's animal husbandry officials in the jurisdiction were informed about the dog bite case but they reportedly failed to keep their superior officers in the loop.\"I came to know through the media that a dog bite happened in this area and rushed to the spot. But locals told me that the particular dog comes to the neighbourhood only in the morning or evening. I took dog-catchers with me but they have not been able to trace the dog,\" Dr Piran told TOI.He said the area has a lot of vacant sites, bushes and garbage heaps which attract stray dogs, which in turn attack people. He added that most of the canines are sterilized.Piran also said that if the dog that bit the woman is rabid, it will die soon and dog-catchers will come to know of it. \"If we give compensation to one family, many others would start demanding. It is difficult to differentiate whether someone is bitten by a pet dog or a stray and people might use this as chance to get easy money,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17457331", "title": "Hi-tech scheme to study groundwater status", "text": "JAISALMER: For the first time in India, groundwater surveys using heliborne transient electromagnetic technique will be tried for aquifer mapping. This will be a pilot project carried out in five States, including Rajasthan and the geophysical survey in the state will be done in Jaisalmer and Dausa. Dr Shakeel Ahmed, chief scientist and Dr Subash Chandra, scientists of CSIR-National Geophysical Research Institute, Hyderabad said six study areas in Tamil Nadu , Karnataka, Maharashtra, Bihar and Rajasthan were selected following the veracity of geological formations that form the ground water system. Desert areas in Jaisalmer district and a typical sedimentary and hard rock combined aquifer system in Bandikui in Dausa district have been identified in Rajasthan.The increasing stress on groundwater exploitation is shrinking the level consequently confining the flow in deeper zones and thus making the situation alarming. For the past few years groundwater crisis has been experienced across the country. To meet the challenges of growing groundwater demand and sustainability of the resource, an effective aquifer-based groundwater management in the country, through adequate and precise information on aquifers in time and space at a scale as large as possible, is the most imperative and earnestly desired.The scientists said CSIR-National Geophysical Research Institute, Hyderabad being the premier organization in geophysics in India, has been entrusted to carry out aquifer characterizations using commonly applied and advanced geophysical techniques at six pilot project areas.Dr Chandra and Dr Ahmad said CSIR-NGRI in collaboration with Aarhus University, Denmark, will be carrying out heliborne transient electromagnetic surveys for groundwater for the first time in India. The system to be used is popularly called as SkyTEM, which is specially designed by Aarhus University for regional aquifer mapping. The HydroGeophysics Group at Aarhus University has key expertise in development of instrumentation and software for large scale hydrogeophysical surveys and is one of the leading research groups in the world.One of the important aspects of AQUIM programme is to synthesize large volume of existing data collected by CGWB and various Government organizations and accordingly generate additional data to fill the data gaps to achieve the task of aquifer mapping, they informed.The Central Ground Water Board (CGWB), ministry of water resources (MoWR) will conduct the entire aquifer mapping program. However, aquifer mapping needs geophysical characterization extensively, the inputs and expertise from the CSIR-National Geophysical Research Institute, Hyderabad are crucial.The information thus generated through various studies shall be used for refinement of hydrogeological data base in terms of aquifer characterization, yield capacity, chemical quality, selecting areas for artificial recharge and sustainability under varied future demand scenarios leading to preparations of aquifer-management plan.The entire project is being funded by the World Bank .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17456484", "title": "Land acquisition troubles delay gauge conversion on Podanur-Pollachi stretch", "text": "COIMBATORE: Amidst growing criticism over the inordinate delay in completing gauge conversion works in the Podanur-Pollachi stretch of Coimbatore-Dindigul route due to meager funds, southern railways clarified it was not paucity of funds but state government's delay in completing the land acquisition process that has slowed the project down.In a pre-budget consultation with Parliament members, southern railway general manager A K Mittal said the works are pending only on a six km stretch near Kinnathukadavu due to land acquisition delays. With the railway budget just three months away, land acquisition hurdles are likely to eclipse further fund allocation for gauge conversion works. According to district authorities, resolutions regarding land acquisition and compensation passed by five out of the six village panchayat wards in Kinathukadavu have already been approved by the state government and the remaining one resolution would be passed within a week.\"About 42 hectares are to be acquired for the project, which would allow broad gauge trains to link Coimbatore with Palani, Madurai and Rameswaram. It has been four years since the metre gauge rail route between Podanur and Dindigul was closed for conversion into a broad gauge line. Though trains have started chugging along the newly laid broad-gauge line between Dindigul and Palani, hopes of Coimbatore having direct trains to Madurai and Ramewaram through this route continue to remain a distant dream,'' points out V Eswaran, district secretary of MDMK.\"Only speedy land acquisition can ensure enough fund allocation for gauge conversion in the next railway budget,'' says R Raveendran of Coimbatore Railway Action Committee. In the Pollachi-Palani stretch were works are almost over, the railway official has revealed that it would be inspected very soon by the commissioner for railway safety and engine rolling. Railway sources have confirmed plans to operate passenger trains between Madurai and Pollachi through the newly developed stretch. Meanwhile, railways are silent on the progress in works between Pollachi and Palakkad.According to Easwaran, though Palani was reconnected to Madurai and Dindigul through the newly opened line, the rail link to Coimbatore is essential to ensure comfort of pilgrims. Pollachi and Udumalpet are known for agricultural produces and the lack of rail connectivity is affecting transportation. Pilgrims to Ervadi and Rameswaram are also finding it difficult due to lack of connectivity.The total cost, fixed initially at Rs 559 crore is now revised to Rs 900 crore. Lack of adequate fund allocation in railway budget had affected construction works badly. As per earlier plan of railways, the project was to be completed this December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17456426", "title": "Village ponds, tanks now preferred destination for birds", "text": "INDORE: Wetlands in and around the city like Sirpur and Yeshwantpur are gradually losing their charm as favourite destination of resident and migratory birds. Undisturbed village ponds and tanks around Kanadia, Hatod and Machal have emerged as hotspots and breeding ground of birds. The trend has been revealed in a survey conducted by Amateur Ornithologists &amp; Birdwatchers group of Madhya Pradesh &amp; Chhattisgarh.Founder of the organization, Shariq Khan, said during their survey, they found that pollution, continuous noise, temperature difference, stray dog, human disturbance and non-wetland friendly activities around Sirpur and Yeshwantpur are forcing birds to change their location. In the past two years, very few migratory birds are seen at these locations, but large flocks of migratory birds reached to around 10 undisturbed village ponds and tanks from October onwards.He further said that 10 village ponds and tanks located around 10 to 20 km away from the city limit, are hosting good number of residents and migratory birds.\"Two ponds near Kanadia village are regular breeding ground of Vulnerable Sarus Cranes (Grus antigone), the biggest non-migratory Indian bird and also the breeding ground of Comb Ducks biggest resident duck of India)\", Khan said, adding that ponds and lakes near villages are undisturbed from human, free from pollution and have plenty of food for birds.Four village ponds around 12-15 kms from Rau-Manglia bypass are hosting large number of migratory birds every year like Northern Shovelers, Northern Pintails, Common Teals, Gargeny, Gadwalls, Common Pochards and Eurasian Wigeons, Harriers like Western Marsh Harrier &amp; Pallid Harrier, Steepe and Tawny Eagles, Grey Herons, Sourthern Grey Shrike, Siberian Stone-Chats, Eurasian Wryneck and Buntings.One pond located near Hatod Village on Depalpur Road is preferred destination for large flock of Open-billed Stroks, Oriental White Ibises and Glossy Ibises, some Comb-ducks and Cotton Teals.Village ponds and tanks are hosting birds but all of these are not in a very good shape and need immediate care.\"Two of the these ponds are used for irrigation and water remains in them until December every year while other four are not used for irrigation but absence of proper maintenance and their shallowness has increased due to which water does not stay for longer time. Most part of these ponds are covered with local plant Ipomoea carnea (Pink Morning Glory), which needs to be controlled,\" Khan said.Khan said awareness is needed to be created about protection and conservation for wetlands to conserve birds.\"We are planning to educate people about birds, wetlands, grasslands and woodlands and their importance for environment, courses related to environment conservation, birds and wildlife\", Khan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17457765", "title": "Five shops in Atta looted of Rs 7L", "text": "NOIDA: Unidentified burglars stole goods worth Rs seven lakh from five shops in Atta market in the early hours of Sunday. Police said that the owner of Amar Complex called in the morning to inform cops that robbers had broken into the shops. The market cleaner discovered the robbery when he came to work. \"I found the locks of five shops broken and immediately called Interjeet who owns the complex. He then informed the police and other shop owners,\" said Vinod, the cleaner.Thieves stole cash and goods from five stores on the first floor of the market. Police named the shops as Unique fashion, Shahi Cosmetics, Pawar medical store and two shops of New Dress Park.Thieves ransacked these shops and took cash and goods costing around Rs 7 lakh.Cops claimed that the security guard posted outside the complex was sleeping when the thieves struck. \"We have detained security guard Bhim Singh,\" said Rita Yadav, SO of Sector 20 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17457823", "title": "Wary Palghar youths go off social media sites", "text": "MUMBAI: Youngsters in Palghar have taken a break from Facebook and other social networking sites fearing hacking and misinterpretation of their comments.Two weeks after Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Srinivasan were arrested for a comment on the shutdown of Mumbai after Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's death, the student community in Palghar is treading with extreme caution. Rinu, who had deactivated her account soon after the controversy broke out on November 18, is now back on Facebook. While she has been receiving several friend requests from across the country, not many are from Palghar.Said Dinesh Sankhe, a second-year commerce student from Palghar, \"I have decided to stay off Facebook till the controversy settles down. Right now, it looks like accounts in Palghar are being hacked.\"Sunil Vishwakarma, the teenager who was accused of posting abusive comments about Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) leader Raj Thackeray a week after the Shaheen-Rinu controversy, has stopped using the social networking site since November 19. It was found that his account was hacked. Vishwakarma has since deactivated his account.Youngsters have also been deleting their photographs, fearing misuse. \"I have removed all my pictures from Facebook. My profile picture, too, has been replaced with an abstract,\" said class 12 student Sneha Pandey.The first thing Shakeel did after his sister Shaheen was arrested for her comment was to remove all her photographs. The account was later deleted. Shakeel, too, has been off his account for a while. Ironically, just a week before the controversy broke, all cyber cafes in Palghar had to shut down. The police have asked cyber cafe owners to submit their fire audit reports.Meanwhile, Thane's Shiv Sena MLA Pratap Sarnaik has demanded withdrawal of the suspension of the two police officers-superintendent of police (Thane rural) Rajendra Sengaonkar and Palghar inspector Shrikant Pingle-before the Nagpur session of the state assembly begins on December 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17457146", "title": "Grand-old tiger of Delhi zoo dies of multiple organ failure", "text": "NEW DELHI: Those who set their eyes on Naresh were struck by his ferocity. His huge size and aggression marked him out as the alpha male among the five other of his kind at Delhi zoo. The roar of this Royal Bengal Tiger would send chills running down the spine of his keepers and visitors till age took the fight, and finally, the breath out of his body. The fearsome cat died of multiple organ failure on Saturday night.\"Enfeebled with age, the tiger had developed nodules in the lungs; his heart had excessive fat and both his kidneys had failed. He, however, had managed to outlive the average lifespan of his species,\" said zoo veterinarian Dr N Panneer Selvam. Naresh was more than 20 years old, while the average lifespan of a tiger in captivity is 16-18 years.TOI had reported on Sunday that the tiger's condition had started to deteriorate five days back, after which he was kept under constant care. His health declined rapidly on Saturday, leaving him critical.\"Naresh was allowed to rest in sunlight on Saturday morning,. Around 4pm, he collapsed and started having convulsions,\" said a zoo official. \"We made all attempts to revive him by injecting glucose and electrolytes. The tiger lost the battle finally and died late in the night,\" added the official.The tiger was cremated in the zoo early morning after a postmortem. With his death, only one male tiger is left among the five surviving Royal Bengal tigers. The Delhi zoo also has seven white tigers, of which two are male and five are female.Zoo officials say there are plans of bringing one more wild Royal Bengal Tiger for breeding since all the female tigers are ready for mating. \"The surviving male tiger, Ramu, is old and may have crossed his breeding age, whereas the tigresses are ready for mating. We plan to get a wild-caught tiger from another zoo,\" said a source in the zoo. The last birth of a Royal Bengal tiger at Delhi zoo was in 2005, when tigress Zing Zing was born to Ramu and Priya. Ramu is about 19 years old.There are 283 Royal Bengal Tigers in 54 zoos across India, according to the data released for 2010-11.Remembering Naresh, zoo curator Riaz Ahmad Khan said the breeding programmes were never successful with Naresh because of his ferocity. \"Caught from the wild, he was never mated as he used to attack the female tigers,\" said Khan. Naresh had made the Delhi zoo his home in 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17456404", "title": "Devi Ahilya University yet to take action against faculty for misbehaviour", "text": "Times News NetworkINDORE: Devi Ahilya University is yet to take any action against a faculty who allegedly manhandled his HoD at the university teaching department a month ago. Mukesh Solanki allegedly entered into an argument with HoD Deepak Mehta over parking a car.The probe panel, comprising Ashutosh Mishra, Ashok Sharma and Laxman Shinde, has sought an explanation within a week's time. However, they have left the final decision on the executive council members of the university which is yet to decide on the issue.According to the sources, the probe panel in its report pointed at Solanki's misbehaviour but did not recommend any action against him.One of the sources said, \"Solanki has political backing and the university authorities are being pressurized not to take any action against him. It was visible in the last executive council meet where his supporters barged into the meeting venue, apparently to extend support to Solanki.\"One of the executive council members said, \"It is clear that Solanki misbehaved, but it is lack of leadership, which is making university to avoid action.\"The university authorities, on the other hand, believe that they will definitely act soon. Public relations officer, DAVV, M S Parmar said, \"Probe takes its time. We have to go by the process but the university will definitely act strictly against the guilty.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17456884", "title": "Savio Cup: Maha eves derail defending champs", "text": "MUMBAI: Riding on spirited performances from captain Shireen, Smriti R and the experienced Manisha Dange, Maharashtra women stunned defending champions Southern Railway to open their campaign in the Savio Cup basketball tournament on a rousing note, at the Don Bosco courts, Matunga, on Sunday.After racing to a comfortable lead, the home side faced a slight scare in the last quarter when Southern Railway leveled scores to 61-61 and then took a one-point lead through their experienced stalwart Geetu Anna Jose. But the lead was shortlived as the youthful Maharashtra players stepped on the pedal once again to emerge comfortable 80-69 winners in the fast-paced game.Southern Railway, with only six players in their line-up, and relying too much on their two experienced players - Geetu and Anitha P - ran out of ideas when the two were policed tightly by the Maharashtra defence, which was manned well by Ashwarya S and Manisha. Manisha Dange was the top-scorer for Maharashtra with 24 points, followed by Smriti R (17) and Shireen (12).Result (women): Maharashra 80 (Manisha Dange 24, Smriti R 17, Shireen 12) bt Southern Railway 69 (Geetu Anna Jose 34, Anitha P 9).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17456958", "title": "Ravindra Jadeja creates history, scores third first-class triple ton", "text": "MUMBAI: Discarded India all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja was more in the news last season for the amount he fetched in the IPL auctions for season 5. Chennai Super Kings , owned by BCCI president N Srinivasan, bagged the Saurashtra cricketer for an astronomical $2 million (Rs 9.72 crore approx) after winning the tie-breaker that followed a theatrical bidding war with Deccan Chargers.On Sunday though, he made news for his on-field exploits. The left-hander scored 320 not out against Railways at Rajkot and became the first Indian to post three first-class triple hundreds, surpassing the feats of Vijay Hazare, Raman Lamba, VVS Laxman , Wasim Jaffer and Virender Sehwag.Jadeja had scored 303 against Gujarat at Surat last month. His first triple ton was registered against Orissa (314 ) at Cuttack last November. While Sehwag's triple tons have come at the Test level, both Jaffer and Laxman's epics have come in the Ranji Trophy.What's more, Jadeja ensured that his name will be mentioned in the same breath as that of Don Bradman as he became only the eighth man in history to have three 300-plus scores in first-class cricket, joining Bradman, Brian Lara , Bill Ponsford, Wally Hammond, WG Grace, Graeme Hick and Mike Hussey.Jadeja hit 28 fours and seven sixes during his marathon 11-and-a-half-hour knock, facing 491 deliveries. \"It's a tremendous achievement,\" exclaimed out-of-favour Indian opener and Mumbai stalwart Jaffer.\"To score two triple hundreds in a season, which is just five matches old, is not a joke. He was always rated highly, but was known more as a swashbuckling batsman who was a good bowler and exceptional fielder.\"But he has worked on his game and this spell out of the Indian team seems to have made him hungrier and has forced him to work harder,\" Jaffer added.Saurashtra coach Debu Mitra, who has worked with players like Jadeja and rising India star Cheteshwar Pujara since their under-19 days and who has been with the side since nine years, endorses that view.\"He doesn't get satisfied easily these days and wants to work hard. He keeps telling me to watch him in the nets and even when I tell him that all is fine, he will ask, 'Sir, dekho kuch gadbad to nahin (See is there is a problem with my batting ),\" Mitra said.Jadeja, who has represented India in 58 ODIs and 12 T20s, hasn't yet played Tests. Coach Mitra says the One-day tag is unfair to him. \"He is ready for Tests as he is willing to show patience and can bat for long periods. His bowling too has improved a lot as his 13 wickets in four matches show.\"Deconstructing his ward's knock, Mitra said: \"As we were 90 for 4, I had told him, bahar ka ball mat khelna (leave outgoing deliveries). Of the 491 deliveries he faced, he must have left close to 200. That's application. The only time he got aggressive was when he was approaching his double hundred. But he settled down again. He wants to score big hundreds these days.\"Jadeja hails from Jamnagar, a city known for its big oil companies.His recent cricketing feats have only made the city, 337 kms west of Gujarat capital Gandhinagar, that much slicker.BATTING ON &amp; ON...Ravindra Jadeja, with his unbeaten 320 vs Railways in a Ranji Trophy match, has become the first Indian batsman to post three triple hundreds in first-class cricket. Jadeja is also the top run-scorer in the Ranji Trophy this season, with 645 runs at 161.25 in four matches.EARLIER TRIPLE TONS314 vs Orissa at Cuttack in Nov 2011 303 not out vs Gujarat at Surat in Nov 2012FIRST-CLASS BATTING RECORDMatch 42, Runs 3017, Ave 53.87, 100s 7, 50s 10OTHERS WITH THREE OR MORE TRIPLE TONS IN FIRST-CLASS CRICKETDon Bradman (6), Bill Ponsford and Wally Hammond (4 each), WG Grace, Graeme Hick, Brian Lara, Mike Hussey (3 each).(Stats: Rajesh Kumar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17456601", "title": "Longer work hours as India Inc stays connected", "text": "MUMBAI: An increasing number of Indian employees are working beyond office hours, highlighting the 24/7 nature of today's corporate life. Professionals across India Inc feel they are under pressure to stay connected with their work outside of normal office hours, according to findings of a recent survey shared exclusively with TOI. The proliferation of smartphones and internet on-the-go has contributed immensely to this growing trend. The result being that around 55% of employees spend up to five hours per week connected to their work outside of office hours, while 16% spend 6-10 hours and 18% respondents work an extra 10 hours every week, according to a survey conducted by Kelly Services, a global recruitment firm.\"This trend has picked up more across the mid-to-senior level as companies feel these employees directly impact the productivity of the organization and are engaged in more business critical roles. However, the work from anywhere concept has in some ways helped to bring in a better work-life balance as well,\" said Kamal Karanth, MD, Kelly Services India.As many as 61% employees across Indian companies said the use of mobile technologies has improved their work efficiency and productivity but what is significant is that around 35% of people said it has also contributed to increased fatigue and burnout for them.\"Office as a physical location is becoming redundant as we move rapidly in to a connected workplace. While we as an organization provide a lot of flexibility to our workers, it's totally up to the employees how effectively they manage their time to bring in a work-life balance. We have seen burnout if professionals have not handled this change well,\" said Hari T, chief people officer at IT services major Mahindra Satyam . The IT sector has been at the forefront of providing professionals options such as 'work from home' and 'flexi hours' to help them cope with work pressures. Some support functions, such as the HR vertical across various industries, also offer employees these choices, say industry insiders.Globally, 27% of respondents said they felt under pressure to stay connected with work outside of normal work hours. Within the Asia-Pacific, the intensity was greatest with 35% required to maintain a connection. Leading the pack were countries including India, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia, all with approximately 40% of respondents conscious of the need to stay in touch with their work outside of normal hours.The pressure on professionals to stay connected with work comes largely from customers and clients, said 28% of respondents, followed by employers themselves at 25%. However, it's not only the organizations that are making employees work round the clock. Surprisingly, as many as 24% employees said that they are themselves putting pressure while 14% said that it was an industry culture. Around 7% said that they were influenced by other employees. Additionally, 49% of respondents said they would consider working mainly from home or away from the office \u00e2\u20ac\u201d if that option was offered to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-03"}
