{"city": "None", "code": "12143950", "title": "Sunil Lahiri donates fathers body", "text": "Actor Sunil Lahiri, better known as Lakshman of Ramanand Sagar's Ramayan donated the body of his deceased father Dr Shikar Chandra Lahiri, to the forensic department of JK Medical college in Bhopal .His father , a prominent doctor had written in his will that after his death his body should be handed over for the medical students in order to help them in their studies \"\".He had expressed this desire more than ten years ago and when he died recently we fulfilled his wish. Since my father belonged to the medical fraternity and was also a professor in a medical college so he realised the problems students face in the studies due to lack of availability of human anatomy for studies so he took this decision which has led to an impact several people in Bhopal has come forward and have expressed the desire to do so.Since my father was also in lot of social activities so he always thought of things for the common good\"\", says the actor who is producing a serial with actor Arun Govil who played Ram in the teleserial Ramayan.\"\"The serial is meant to create awareness regarding prevention of crime which is rampant in the society today.Normally crime results if let our guards down so the teleserial would be a lesson to prevent this,\"\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12140631", "title": "Indian, Australian scientists to participate in workshop on climate change", "text": "KOCHI: The Central Marine Fisheries Research Institute (CMFRI) in collaboration with the Institute of Marine and Antarctic Studies (IMAS), University of Tasmania, will conduct an international workshop on 'Preparing for climate change on marine systems in Australia and India' from March 6-10 in the city.Michael Carter , consul commercial and trade commissioner of Australia at Chennai will inaugurate the workshop at 10 am on Tuesday. Seven scientists from Australia led by Stewart Frusher, associate professor, IMAS, will participate in the workshop. The Indian team of 14 scientists will be led by G Syda Rao, director, CMFRI.Funded by the Australia-India Strategic Research Fund, the aim of the workshop is to bring together an inter-disciplinary research team from both countries to improve understanding on the impacts of climate change on marine resources and stakeholders.Both these regions have been identified as global warming hotspots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12140074", "title": "Reformed offenders hail increase in drunk driving fines", "text": "MUMBAI: It's not just the traffic department and victims of the menace of drunk driving who have welcomed the enhancement of penalties by the Union Government, but also some reformed offenders. Andheri-based stocks trader Sanat Trivedi, who was convicted for drunk driving last year, says he has learnt his lesson and that stricter punishment is a necessity for curbing violation of law.Trivedi (50) was returning home from a wedding, along with his wife and daughter, when he was caught for drunk driving in central Mumbai. \"My closest friend's son was getting married and the guests included VIPs and ministers. On my friend's request, I was looking after them and had not more than two pegs of liquor with them,\" Trivedi said. Around 1 am, he and his family decided to head home in their car. \"My chauffeur had left for home as he had to report to work early the next morning. I decided to get behind the wheel as there was no one else to drive. When the traffic cops intercepted my car, I told them that I had downed only a few drinks and could drive perfectly. My family pleaded with the cops to let me go. After my breath-analysis tested positive, my driving licence was seized and I was sent to the Agripada police station,\" Trivedi added.The next morning, he was asked to remain present at the Mazgaon metropolitan court. \"That was the first time I was standing in a courtroom as an accused. The experience was unnerving. After I pleaded guilty, I was penalized Rs 1500 by the magistrate. Fortunately, I was not sentenced to prison nor was my driving licence suspended. I promised myself that I was never going to get behind the wheel after drinking,\" Trivedi said. \"The move to bring about a steep hike in penalties for traffic violations was long overdue. Drunk driving causes a large number of road accidents. Most motorists will now think twice before breaking the law unlike earlier, when they could pay a lesser fine and walk away.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12147977", "title": "I will fight to the finish, Madhavan Nair says", "text": "BANGALORE: Former Isro chairman G Madhavan Nair said he would file an appeal under RTI by tomorrow seeking reasons for blacklisting him from government jobs even as he reposed faith in Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to revoke his ban order.\"I will file the appeal today or tomorrow (before the Central Information Commission),\" he told PTI.The department of space last week declined to reveal to him the specific recommendations and reasons for banning him from government jobs for his role in the controversial Antrix-Devas deal, and the factors taken into consideration.The DoS cited Section 8 (1) (h) of the RTI, for not providing this required information, saying further enquiry is likely and divulging those details would impede investigation.Asked about the Prime Minister not replying to his letter written soon after the ban order, Nair said his guess was that Singh would probably have asked the DoS to seek the opinion of the law ministry in the matter. Noting that the law ministry's advice was known last week, he said, \"Logically, it (the advice) may be presented to him and he (the Prime Minister) might take a decision on the matter. That's what I expect\".The ministry has told DoS to allow the four Isro scientists \"post decisional opportunity\" to place their stand on its move debarring them from occupying any government position in future in the aftermath of the Antrix-Devas deal.In an opinion to DoS, the ministry has also said no further probe into the deal is required and that there was no need for a charge-sheet at this stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12148303", "title": "Telephone tapping complaint: Army chief VK Singh terms it as 'fiction'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Army chief General V K Singh today termed as \"fiction\" media reports of a complaint about telephone tapping to hear conversation in connection with his age row.\"Fiction does not require any reaction. If people concoct stories and some of the irresponsible editors allow those stories to get published, I don't think it requires any reaction,\" he told reporters here on the sidelines of a book release function.Asked about his letter to the defence ministry over shortage of ammunition in the Army, he said he had apprised the ministry about the status of various inventories.\"The Raksha Rajya Mantri is aware. Our efforts in the last two years have been to ensure that the operational preparedness of the Army improves. In that there are a large number of measures. Periodically, we have been apprising the ministry as to how things are going, what are the shortages and what action needs to be done,\" he said.Minister of state for defence M M Pallam Raju was next to him as he talked to the media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12139800", "title": "Digvijaya rubbishes exit poll predictions", "text": "Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh on Sunday said he did not believe in the predictions of the exit polls which said his party would win less than 40 seats in the Uttar Pradesh assembly polls. \"We all know that exit polls have gone wrong in the past, and this will happen again,\" he said. Asked how many seats he expected the Congress to win, Singh said, \"At least 100.\"Asked what he thought of some of the exit polls which predicted that the Samajwadi Party could get an absolute majority on its own, Singh remarked it as \"impossible\".Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12146370", "title": "Pointers to help you sail through exams", "text": "Ready reckoners to help you sail through in those three hours.If not for exams, student life would have undoubtedly been the best time of our lives. Once again the exam season is here, taking away a good night's sleep of millions of youngsters. A few precautions will ensure that the exam experience won't be that horrible. Here are some 'DOs' and 'DON'T's while you sit to write your exams.Don't read till the last moment: Clinging on to books standing outside the classroom even after the bell rings is a general habit, and then we enter the exam hall and begin to write in haste. It's always better to be on your seat on time, take a deep breath before you start writing your paper. Last time reading will only confuse you.Don't let your impulses overtake you: We tend to create an immediate first impression of the question paper, thinking 'Oh! I know everything' or 'OMG! I know nothing'. Neither of them is healthy. Stay balanced. It's advisable to plan your writing pattern before hand, based on your paper-schemes. Directly go to the question you want to write first and start writing with a composed mind.Presentation is the key: Everyone likes good presentation and the same goes with the person who will check your exam paper. No matter how well your answers are, if not presented well; it won't earn the desired results. Give headings, introductions, definitions, pointers and conclusions where required.Don't waste time: Even if you know everything of the question that is asked for two marks and write it all, it won't earn more than two marks. Don't get excited and overlook the weightage of the questions. Stay focused.Check everything: Don't rush to submit the answer sheet, there aren't any brownie points for early birds. Make sure you haven't missed anything, followed all the instructions properly. It's always beneficial to sit till the last bell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12140131", "title": "JK Cancer Institute professor ends life", "text": "KANPUR: A professor at JK Cancer Institute committed suicide at his official residence on Saturday night, sending shock waves among the students and faculty members. Forty-eight-year old RK Jauhari was found hanging from the ceiling fan of his room at his old type-four-I residence located at the campus of Ganesh Shanker Vidhyarthi Memorial Medical College in the morning.Late on Saturday night, the professor, who was popular among colleagues and students, had a chat with his wife Seema Jauhari, a teacher at a public school and other family members, including his son Anurag and daughter Ananya, before going out for a night stroll.He did not give slightest inkling to them about his decision to take the extreme step. The house inmates, including his wife, repeatedly knocked on the door of his room at around 8.30 am on Sunday when he did not come out. \"They alerted us. We rushed to the spot and broke open the door with the help of a carpenter only to find him hanging from the ceiling,\" Jauhari's neighbours said.\"The cops rushed to the spot and brought the body of the professor down,\" said VK Singh, a police official at Swaroop Nagar police station. There was no suicide note. He had used a scarf to hang himself. Family sources said that he was feeling slightly disturbed these days. He had shared his frustration with a few colleagues and juniors. He had said that he was unable to achieve what he had wanted. This he had stated while he was deprived of some project midway, sources said. The JK Cancer authorities have termed it baseless.Hailing from Patel Nagar locality in Alambagh area of Lucknow, Jauhari was serving as a professor at JK Cancer Institute since long. \"We are finding it difficult to solve the case as his family members, who are in a state of shock, colleagues and students also not speaking much about him. It appears that some family issue has forced the professor to take such an extreme step,\" said an investigating official. He was a habitual smoker. After dinner, he used to go daily for a night stroll with his dog. On Saturday, he had followed the same routine, his family members said.\"He was a co-operative and cheerful professor,\" said a student. \"He was very shy and cool in nature. It has come as a great shock to all of us. His students too are in distress,\" said a colleague. Jauhari's relatives, including his elder sister, have reached the city. The body had been sent for post-mortem examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12139568", "title": "Book Fair ends on festive note", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 20th edition of the New Delhi World Book Fair concluded on Sunday. At the closing ceremony, National Book Trust director M A Sikandar launched a new website of the National Book Trust that is also the organizer of the fair.Over 1,300 Indian and foreign publishers participated in the biennial fair. The nine-day event also recorded a heavy footfall with seven lakh visitors this year. The theme of the fair this year was Indian Cinema. Several film and theatre personalities like Javed Akhtar, Farooq Sheikh, Amol Palekar, Satish Kaushik, Sushma Seth, Muzaffar Ali and Shahbaz Khan participated in various panel discussions and literary events held at the theme pavilion.At a film festival at the pavilion called 'Literature that walks, talks and sings,' many classics such as Devdas, Pather Panchali, Umrao Jaan, Suraj Ka Satvan Ghoda, among others, were screened. Over 100 books were released at the fair this year. Interactive kiosks had been set up at various spots in the halls to provide information regarding publishers. The fair also had souvenir shops selling coffee-mugs, T-shirts and caps that had quotations and dialogues from famous books printed on them. Moreover, several cultural programmes were organized by Sahitya Kala Parishad at Lal Chowk in evening. There were performances by folk dancers from Gujarat, Haryana and Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "12140899", "title": "Katchatheevu feast a huge draw this year", "text": "RAMESWARAM: For the first time in more than two decades, over 4,000 pilgrims, mostly fishermen and their families from Tamil Nadu attended the feast of St Anthony at Katchatheevu, an uninhabited island about 15 km from Rameswaram in Ramanathapuram district. The shrine of St Anthony is believed to be the guardian deity of fishermen.The island property of the royalty of Ramanathapuram was conceded to Sri Lanka and since then, pilgrims to the shrine for the feast, hosted for two days during the first Saturday and Sunday in March, were restricted by the Sri Lankan government. The festival also served as a meeting point for fisher families from both countries, selecting brides and grooms and also the bartering of various articles. But all this came to an end with the outbreak of hostilities between Tamil militants and Lankan government forces in 1983. Though the India-Sri Lanka accord provided for Tamil Nadu fishermen to visit Katchatheevu and dry their nets, repeated attacks by the Lankan navy, which on many occasions killed fishermen, the pilgrimage to Katchatheevu almost came to an end.Two years ago, following the intervention of the Bishop of Jaffna, the pilgrimage was permitted, but the numbers remained very low. However, this year with the permission of the Indian government, more than 4,000 pilgrims left in about 110 mechanised boats to the shrine on Friday and returned to Rameswaram on Sunday after attending the feast.Many of the fishermen said that the numbers would have been much higher but for the hurdles placed by the authorities here. However, they were happy to participate in the feast which also provided an opportunity to meet their Sri Lankan counterparts and exchange views about their mutual problems. The fishermen from Rameswaram were led by Fr Micheal Raj, the priest of the Rameswaram church who was formally extended the invitation for the festival from his counterpart in Neduntheevu.Douglas Devanandha, the Sri Lankan minister for fisheries, also attended the festival and presided over a meeting of fishermen of both countries who talked about their problems. Representatives of fishermen from Rameswaram urged the minister to ask the Sri Lankan navy to stop attacking the Tamil Nadu fishermen at sea. The minister assured the fishermen that he would convene a meeting of officials of both nations in this regard and requested the fishermen to maintain their cordial relationship.Rajeswari (21), daughter of a fisherman from Kayts in Sri Lanka said that earlier, Katchatheevu island served as a meeting point to find brides and grooms from both countries. But this practice had now stopped and it should be resumed once again as families of fishermen lived in both countries, she said. She hoped that in the years to come, normalcy would be restored and the pilgrimage to the shrine of St Anthony would be made easier for people from both countries.ssFishermen from both countries put up shops on the island to sell their produce. While the Indian fishermen tried to market sarees and other textiles to their counterparts, Sri Lankan fishermen had brought with them palm leaf sugar, syrup and milk powder. For the first time, there were also pilgrims from Karnataka and Puducherry who proceeded to Katchatheevu along with the pilgrims of Tamil Nadu.There was a flutter when it was discovered that a Sri Lankan woman, Usha (34) from Anuradhapura in Sri Lanka and her four-year-old daughter, had come to India by boarding a boat of fishermen from Rameswaram. Sources said that they may have come on purpose to visit relatives here. The Q branch personnel are making enquiries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12140482", "title": "Notice sent to man who made \u2018fake\u2019 voter IDs", "text": "NASHIK: After state election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan ordered the collector to look into the issue of fake election photo identity cards (EPIC) allegedly prepared by Kanhaiyya Pardeshi, the district election office has now issued a notice to Pardeshi.The notice was issued to his Chandwad address and has been received by his mother. She has been asked to inform her son about the same, said sub-divisional officer (SDO) Nilesh Sagar.Soon after the results of the election for the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) were announced, Pardeshi went to the state election commission office in Mumbai and he claimed that he had forged nearly 200 voter IDs and that they were subsequently used in the elections.The district election office, which has been waiting for some concrete evidence to act upon such complaints, acted together with the state election commissioner last Thursday, and asked the collector to enquire into the issue and file a report in seven days.On Friday, the administration issued a notice to Pardeshi at his Chandwad residence, the proof of which was presented at the SEC office. \"The Chandwad address is the only contact point between the administration and Pardeshi. The notice has been received by his mother. She has been informed about the issue and asked to communicate the same to Pardeshi,\" the official said. A hearing is scheduled at 11am with the SDO and later with the election returning officer from Nashik East, Mahesh Patil, who will note down all the details in the issue.Meanwhile, a group of contestants who lost the civic elections is also likely to meet the collector again. \"We have something more to present to the collector regarding the issue on Monday. We have already given lists that show 1,500 names being added in our wards in the final electoral rolls,\" Satish Shukla, one of the contestants who lost the elections, said.The results of the NMC polls had thrown up many surprises and citizens had not given a clear mandate to any particular party or alliance. But the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) has bagged 40 seats in the 122-member House and requires 62 seats for forming the administration. Soon after the elections, many people made complaints about repeat names in the electoral rolls, like the rolls featuring the names of many people from outside Nashik, etc. Pardeshi had at that time gone to the state election committee office claiming he had forged voter IDs and that they were used during the elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12139837", "title": "Cones put up, separate lane for autos soon", "text": "GURGAON: To see that autorickshaws don't create traffic jams near bus stand in old Gurgaon, the traffic police have demarcated a separate lane for them.The drive is soon going to start with cones being put up, demarcating the separate lane.The traffic police said as most of the routes on which the shared autorickshaws ply start from Mahavir Chowk, there is a high concentration of vehicles.The move is directed to control their movement in the area as they create chaos by moving in every lane of the road and stopping anywhere on the road to board/deboard passengers.Once the rule is implemented, challans would be issued to autorickshaw drivers who are found driving in lanes other than the one designated for them.DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora said the success of the autorickshaw lane from Mahavir Chowk to Civil Hospital will set the pattern for its implementation in other parts of the old city.Police said autorickshaw drivers have already been asked to stick to their lanes.The separate lane has been drawn on the extreme left side of the road. Majority of shared autorickshaws ply in the old city and originate from Mahavir Chowk where traffic snarls are witnessed throughout the day. The situation turns worse during morning and evening hours.The DCP said the initiative is part of the decongestion plan of the area. The traffic situation is chaotic in the area because of the autorickshaws which halt at any point on the road and don't follow the traffic rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144690", "title": "Ramp up your summer pickup game performance", "text": "You never know when you might get drafted to play basketball, flag football or even toss a flying disc. Here's how you can be better in each .With all pickup sports, the top goals are simple: Get some exercise and have some fun. (After all, it is summer ... and you're probably not in a contract year.) However, to stay in the game -- and be picked for a future one -- being a good, if not great, player goes a long way.Here are three top warm-month pickup sports and how you can turn it up a couple of notches in each.Pickup basketballIf you're playing pickup basketball, often many other players are waiting on the sideline to get in the next game. In other words, helping your team win, and staying on the court, is motivation numero uno.Offense: Consider this your chance to be that unselfish, pass-first player you always wanted to be. Meanwhile, observe how your man plays you. Does he slough off until you have the ball? If so, fake him out: Go go one way then quick-change direction. And to get layup opportunities, rush for those open spots on the floor.Defense: Of course, playing defense is half the game, but you'd never know it by looking at most pickup games. If you're on D, distinguish yourself by shutting down the guy you're guarding. Quickly diagnose if he favors going left or right, then force him away from his strength -- even top-level players often struggle going away from their strong side. Similarly, most players are either penetrators or shooters. Make the penetrator throw \"bricks\" and crowd the shooter.You may be surprised at how far these strategies can go to throw off the mental game of your opponent.Flag footballFirst, know the basic rules: Flag football usually consists of seven-man teams rather than 11, all players are eligible to receive a pass, and you need 20 yards (rather than 10) for a first down.Speed: And now, the stating of the obvious: Speed kills the competition, especially in flag football. Whether you need to get open on passing routes, sprint away from diving defenders, or -- if you're the quarterback -- buy time in the pocket, speed is prized. The best way to achieve it? Always break -- while heading downfield, of course -- toward the sideline after getting the ball, since defenders tend to hover midfield. Also, the fast guy doesn't lose his flags.Ball handling: Ability here is also key. To prevent the fatal fumble, carry the football in the arm farthest from a pursuing defender. When catching the ball, always make your hands do the work -- spreading your fingers and keeping them relaxed to ease the catch -- before bringing them into your body. And use the lateral pass, when the opportunity's there, to further advance the ball and surprise the opponent.Defense: On defense, adopt an aggressive style that often forces opponents to make blunders, like fumbling the ball or throwing interceptions. Also, attempt to funnel opposing players toward midfield for easier flag grabs.Ultimate flying discLike flag football, Ultimate is a fast-paced sport played with two teams of seven people on grassy, football-field-sized turf. Play starts when the defensive team throws the disc to the other team. Once a player catches it, he has 10 seconds to pass. If the 10 seconds elapse before passing or if the disc is dropped, blocked, intercepted, thrown out of bounds or simply not caught, possession transfers to the other team. Passes can go backward or forward.The hardest part is learning the three throws: the backhand, the forehand (aka flick) and the hammer. You'll need to know how to do all three because the defense will force you to throw to different sides and release at different heights.The backhand is your standard throw: Grab the disc with your thumb on top, index finger on the inside edge and the other three fingers extended underneath. Hold the disc parallel to the ground and point your feet perpendicular to your target. Bring your throwing arm across your body until the disc is near your nonthrowing shoulder. Begin the throw with your shoulder leading and straighten your elbow. Release it with a snap of your wrist when it's directly in front of you. This toss is usually used to throw left (or right for left-handers).The forehand is that awkward flicky toss you use to throw to the right (or left for left-handers). Proper form may require practice: Extend your hand as if to shake hands. Place your index and middle fingers on the inside edge of the disc, and your thumb on the outside top. Hold the disc parallel to the ground, right side up. Bring your arm back and bend your wrist so it's perpendicular to your forearm. Drop your throwing shoulder several inches below your other shoulder. Begin the throw with your elbow leading the way. Flick your wrist with a quick snap so your middle finger is the last point of contact with the disc.The hammer is the loopy upside-down throw that will also require practice to throw ... and catch. Its grip is the same as the forehand. Draw the disc back along your head to your ear, much like you're throwing a baseball. Hold it almost vertically, with the top of the disc parallel to your cheek, the palm of your throwing hand about where your ear is, and the disc a little behind. Whip your arm forward, bringing the disc over your head, as you step forward. Extend your arm in front of your body and twist your elbow forward to snap your wrist to give the throw some good spin. The natural spin of the throw released upside down will pull the disc away from vertical toward a horizontal float.Content courtesy: Men's Life Today, Global", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12139911", "title": "Young professionals spread awareness about traffic rules", "text": "NOIDA: With lack of awareness leading to major traffic problems, professionals living in the city have taken up the task to lessen woes of commuters in a tie-up with Noida traffic police.The Noida Traffic Initiative was formed by such professionals to not only set up different interfaces to increase communication between the traffic police and commuters, but also organize drives and seminars in educational institutions for spreading awareness.\"The traffic police Facebook page has been an instant hit. Last year we addressed thousands of problems. Communication about the traffic situation has definitely improved in Noida,\" said Saifuddin Beg, senior traffic inspector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chicago", "code": "12141834", "title": "Family wiped out, 2-yr-old survives tornado", "text": "CHICAGO: A two-year-old girl, who survived a devastating tornado in the United States that killed most of her family members, is in critical condition.The unidentified toddler with blonde hair and blue eyes was found lying among the bodies of her family members in a field near her Indiana home in New Pekin. \"She (toddler) continues to remain in critical condition,\" Brian Rublein, a spokesman for Kosair Children's Hospital in Louisville, told CNN. He said the toddler's entire family - her parents, as well as 3-year-old brother and 2-month-old sister - were killed in the storm.As of latest reports, the storms killed at least 38 people and injured hundreds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144909", "title": "I'm like a vagabond: Madhavan", "text": "He jokes about piling on the kilos, makes an earnest promise to get fitter, speaks with wonderment about his acceptance in the South and in Bollywood and is totally candid when he analyses his successes and failures too.So what is R Madhavan aka Maddy's final analysis on his filmy career? He laughs and says, \"For me, being unplanned about my career moves has worked wonders tiil date! Whenever I look back and see how I've signed films and said yes to projects, the 'unplanned' manner in which I say yes is something that comes shining through! But, when I give it a careful thought I realize that maybe I trust my instincts a lot and till date, they worked for me.\"Ten years and eight Hindi films is a very good record for a South star. Add to this, superstar status he enjoys down South. So, how does he look at the future? More films, less films, production or taking it easy? The star laughs again and says, \"I really wish I knew. I am like this complete vagabond, living by the minute, going by my gut and driving people up the wall with my crazed instincts! Do I think I'll change this when I plan for the future? Nah! Plan and Maddy - the two words just don't go together. In fact, my wife, who manages all my affairs to the T and is so damn good at looking after the home, too has asked me stop planning. When it comes to me, no tried and tested blueprint works.\" Saying this, the actor reveals that he'll soon be off on vacation 'to remove the cobwebs out of my head, get my knees repaired and return feeling fresh and freaky all over again!'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12141594", "title": "Truck hits motorcycle rider, victim succumbs", "text": "MAPUSA: Ajit Kumar, 30, from Tivim, on Saturday succumbed to injuries he had received in an accident at Maddel, Tivim, on Friday afternoon.The Mapusa police said that the deceased along with two pillion riders-Preston D'Souza, 9, and Merlyn Eessakki, 29-was riding a Yamaha bike.However, a truck suddenly joined the main road from an internal road and dashed into the bike from the opposite direction.The truck driver who is absconding has been charged with rash and negligent driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12149741", "title": "National Counter Terrorism Centre will be a non-starter without states involvement: Jayalalithaa", "text": "CHENNAI: Asserting that the proposed NCTC will be a \"non-starter\" without states' involvement, Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa today asked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to convene a meeting of chief ministers as the March 12 meeting of officials will \"not serve the purpose\".In a letter to Singh, she said, \"The proposed National Counter Terrorism Centre will be a non-starter without the involvement of the state governments. All state governments are concerned about proper maintenance of public peace and order and hence pay maximum attention to it.\"Holding that the constitution of NCTC was an attack on the federal structure of the Constitutional framework, she said Centre should have initiated a consultation process through a formal communication, \"particularly when state governments and Union home ministry have to work together in a coordinated fashion to eliminate the scourge of terrorism\".She said that in such a situation, the March 12 meeting convened by the Union home secretary will not suffice.\"The fight against terrorism is a national priority. A meeting chaired by the Union home secretary will not serve the purpose, since larger issues concerning the Constitution are involved and particularly when many chief ministers have expressed their concerns to you directly.\"\"I request you to convene a meeting with the chief ministers of all the states at your level after circulating a background paper that will speak about the roles of the Centre and the states and offer insights as to how they can work together in this national effort,\" she added.Recalling her letters written to him on NCTC, she, however, said she was 'surprised' that instead of a response from him, Union home ministry had sent a communication to the state chief secretary asking him to attend the March 12 meeting along with the home secretary and the DGP.The chief minister, however, said she had instructed the officials to attend the meeting.Jayalalithaa had recently joined a chorus of chief ministers, including Naveen Patnaik (Odisha) and Mamata Banerjee (West Bengal) to oppose the NCTC on grounds that it was an attack on the federal structure and that the states were not consulted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12140948", "title": "AI casual workers to go on strike", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Demanding regular employment, a section of the casual labourers employed by the public sector airline, Air India, in Karipur International Airport is planning to go on an indefinite strike from April 27.The casual labourers, around 100 in number, are currently employed as catering assistants, baggage handlers and cleaning workers. They were formerly employed with the Indian Airlines as casual labourers until it was merged with the Air India in 2007. The workers say that they now get work for only 180 days in a year. They are forced to do odd jobs for the remaining days to make both ends meet. They allege that the management has outsourced the work of Air India flights to private agencies.Even as the casual labourers employed by the airline in airports such as Ahmedabad has been regularized, the airline management was not ready to regularize the casual labourers in the Karipur airport, says the association.\"All the casual labourers employed by the Air India have been working with the airline for the last 10-20 years. Since they do not have regular jobs, they are being forced to do other works,\" said K Anandan Nair, general secretary of the Air India National Aviation Workers Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12141909", "title": "Dubey lauds city cops for nabbing rape accused", "text": "INDORE: Newly appointed DGP Nandan Dubey lauded the efforts of the Indore police in nabbing the persons involved in recent criminal activities, within a short time.Dubey held a meeting with the senior police officials during his maiden visit to the city on Sunday after assuming charge. The DGP said that in the first place, crime should be curbed with the help of effective policing.He said that if crime such as rapes took place, the police must take immediate action against the accused.He also talked about the quality of investigation in various crimes taking place in the state.Queried over the increasing terrorist activities in Malwa region, he said that its geographical condition lures many towards the region. All such networks are being strictly monitord and the police would not allow them to strike roots, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12140213", "title": "Women drivers for Mumbai's Metro and monorail", "text": "MUMBAI: Women may have shattered the corporate glass ceiling a while ago, but there are certain niches, such as the public transport system, where female presence is hardly felt. Even this skewness is likely to be phased out soon, with more and more women eager to take matters-rather, wheels-in their hands.Following in the footsteps of female taxi, auto drivers and the motorwomen on the suburban railway network-though the number is not high-members of the fairer sex are eager to make a foray into Metro, monorail and even BEST sector. Even as the world is set to celebrate International Women's Day on Thursday, the city has decided to recruit women as drivers for Metro and monorail. Monorail operators, Malaysia's Scomi and L&T;, say they are all for gender equality and will welcome women drivers for their hi-tech transport monorail. \"No gender discrimination will be made during recruitment,\" said Scomi president Kanesan Veluppillai, who is also the head of the company in India. \"There are women drivers on monorail and Metro in several countries, so why not in India?\" He added that Scomi had several women engineers in India. \"If any woman with the required skills and educational background applies, they will be considered. We need a diploma in engneering for the job,\" he said.Even the city Metro, like its Delhi counterpart that has more than 20 women drivers, is expected to hire female drivers in the next batch of recruitment. Like monorail, Mumbai Metro One also wants applicants to be an engineering diploma. Spokesperson for Delhi Metro Anuj Dayal said in the capital, they had from the beginning decided not to make discrimination over on gender issues and women were treated on a par with men drivers. \"In Delhi Metro, women are also trained to take up station managers' jobs. So far, our experience with the women drivers has been good,\" Dayal said.According to people in the transport circles, women are slowly taken up what is considered a \"man's job\", thanks to modern technology and the winds of change swept in by globalization. \"Modern metros and monorails are built with the latest technology and are relatively easy to operate as they are highly automated. This makes it easier for women to handle them,\" an official said.It's not only the highly automated trains that are making space for women drivers. In BEST too, the Shiv Sena-led committee is keen on introducing women in the red buses, which make up the second most important public transport system in the city, after trains. Committee chairperson Sunil Shinde said, \"We will interview a few women for the post of conductors and perhaps in near future, we may have the fairer sex driving our buses on the fast-track corridor routes.\" He had initiated the plan especially for widows of employees who died in harness. And striking a balance between job and family is apparently not a problem for most, like their counterparts in any other profession. Mukund Dhus from public relations department of MSRTC said some female conductors were married with children. \"They travel huge distances between Wai or Alibaug and Mumbai and still, they manage to keep a balance between work and home.\"The Western Railway already has its own \"power-puff girl\", but it is planning to taken on board a few more women. \"Priti Kumari, the first motorwoman in WR, proved in October 2010 that nothing can be considered a male bastion,\" said WR chief spokesperson Sharat Chandrayan. Priti was not the first from the country to be driving a train; before her, Central Railway's Surekha Yadav, the first motorwoman in Asia, had ferried lakhs of passengers every day on Mumbai's lifeline.Entrepreneurs also consider driving-be it a mode of public transport system or a private one-just another job for women. Susiben Shah who runs Priyadarshini Taxi Service said, \"More women should be encouraged to take up driving job. I have applied for 100 permits from the state to empower women and provide them with employment as taxi drivers. The government should also encourage women to drive prepaid taxis.\" Said Preeti Sharma Menon if Viira Cabs, \"Our endeavour has been not only to provide jobs to women drivers, but also to train them in such a way that they are on a par with the men in the profession.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12139689", "title": "City\u2019s sewage system stinks", "text": "GURGAON: The city has inadequate infrastructure not just on its surface but also below the ground. The sewerage lines in new Gurgaon are inadequate and in many places they are not even linked with townships located in different HUDA sectors.Urban planning experts claimed that as a long-term solution the state government must make installation of a sewage treatment plant (STP) by builders mandatory to ensure better management of sewage.New Gurgaon, where real estate development has witnessed exponential growth, ironically lags behind in sewerage connection. According to conservative estimates, over 100 colonies, including condominiums are still not connected with the HUDA master lines. The city has two STPs, Behrampur and Dhanwapur, with a combined capacity of over 118 million litres daily and if all the private colonies are connected to the HUDA main line, it will choke.\"Sewerage is a problem in all the sectors, especially the ones developed by the private builders here. The colony I live is still doesn't have a sewerage connection and there is no one to solve this problem,\" said Nisha Singh, MCG councillor.The colony, Greenwood City Sector 45, has plotted houses. \"Every day, the pumps are used to take the effluent out and then through pipes flowed towards the HUDA sewerage line close to the inner sector road,\" said Singh.The area residents are peeved because the pumping goes on during night. \"I have written to the department of town and country planning and HUDA but no one has any solution,\" said Singh.Last year, HUDA completed the work of underground sewer lines from Rajiv Chowk to Sohna Road and then connecting the Behrampur STP passing the Sohna Road. Another master line from Wazirabad drain is also connected to the Behrampur STP. HUDA had shelled out lakhs of rupees in the project since the Behrampur treatment plant would cater to the entire new Gurgaon area in the future. The mega planning will not deliver the desired results since the private colonies are not connected to the HUDA sewerage line.For example, Sushant Lok 2 sector the residents face a similar fate. \"There is no connection with the HUDA lines, during monsoon it becomes absolutely unlivable. The sewerage is pumped daily and then loaded in a truck,\" said Savita Mohan, vice-president, Sector 57 RWA.Echoing similar sentiments, another resident, A K Agnihotri, said: \"HUDA should have made it mandatory for the builder to have sewerage connection. Now, the sewage is sometimes simply dumped in the green belt or in the open and there is no one to care.\"Urban planning experts are not surprised at the sewerage mayhem of Gurgaon and they warn that the state government must rework the mechanism to monitor real estate projects in the city. Delhi has a state environment impact assessment committee which has experts and urban planners as its members who study real estate projects before giving clearance to them. \"Haryana too must have such a committee to monitor whether the builders are providing the infrastructure for water and sewage and in fact the state must makes it mandatory for all projects to have zero sewage norms,\" said prof K T Ravindran, an urban planning expert.The misplaced sewerage infrastructure is the outcome of systemic flaws. HUDA's master sewer lines are not levelled so syncing of the lines of different colonies will be a big problem. Experts claimed that the authorities must insist on developers installing STP in their project. \"The builders in Gurgaon have power and water to supply in condominiums now the state government must make installation of STP mandatory as a matter of policy. This will offload the burden of HUDA's STP and ensure effective management of effluent,\" said Ravindran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12140283", "title": "Animation institute told to refund fee", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Closure of an institute during an ongoing session thereby preventing its student to complete the course has been termed as \"deficiency of service\" by the district Consumer Redressal Forum and the institute at fault has been directed to refund the entire fees to the student.The institute officials had promised the complainant student to arrange his admission in some other institute, but nothing concrete had happened in this regard.\"I had taken admission in Fire Box Animation Studios (Sector 11, Panchkula) for the advanced diploma course in animation in September 2009 and paid around Rs 45,000 fee in 11 equal installments. But, they closed their branch while the course was midway,\" said complainant Ankit Agarwal, a resident Manimajra town.\"When they failed to arrange an admission in some other institute as promised, I had to do this on my own paying a hefty fee. I had to approach the consumer Forum as the institute refused to refund my fee,\" he added.The allegations made in the complaint went un-rebutted as nobody appeared on behalf of the accused institute to contest the case.The forum maintained as the complainant could not complete his course due to closure of the institute, it amounted to deficiency in service on part of Fire Box Animation Studios. It directed the institute to refund Rs 41,000 to the complainant. Besides, the institute has been asked to pay Rs 10,000 as compensation for harassment and Rs 5,000 as cost of litigation to the complainant. Around 3-4 other students of the institute, who did not approach the forum, were left in lurch due to the closure of the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12141293", "title": "Cops recover woman's body from drain", "text": "PATNA: The police recovered the body of a woman from a dry drain at Ramnagari Mor on Sunday morning.The police said that some pouches of countrymade liquor were also recovered from the spot from where the body was recovered. On getting information, the local police reached the spot and sent the body to the PMCH for autopsy.A large number of people had assembled at the spot as the news spread like wildfire in the locality.Rajiv Nagar police station SHO G D Upadhyaya said that the deceased was identified as Renu Devi, a resident of Friends Colony.He said that she was a habitual boozer and her husband had also died due to drinking.Upadhyaya said that several times, he had seen Renu lying on the road in a drunken state and sent her to her residence.He said that she had also sustained burn injuries when a fire broke out in her hut about three years ago. Prima facie, it seems that she fell into the drain in a drunken state and sustained injuries on her head as there were stones in the drain, the SHO said and added that the exact cause of death would be known only after the police gets the autopsy report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "12141613", "title": "Two officials get last warning from Haryana Lokayukta", "text": "PANIPAT: Submission of a false report to the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) in a case related to RTI activist P P Kapoor has landed two top Haryana bureaucrats in the dock. The state lokayukta has given them a last opportunity to clear their position by May 16.Lokayukta Justice (retd) Pritam Pal Singh issued these directions on February 28 while taking up a complaint lodged by Kapoor against IAS Rajiv Ranjan and Capt Shakti Singh, the then deputy commissioner and SDM of Karnal respectively in 2005. Both the officers are accused of misleading NHRC in response to a complaint filed by P P Kapoor in 2006. All this was related to an incident of violence wherein Kapoor was booked and arrested in a case registered against him during a labor unrest in Karnal in 2005.In their reply to NHRC, the two officers had informed that no case was registered against Kapoor. This was in contravention with the fact that Kapoor remained behind the bars in a case of attempt to murder registered against him. Stunned by the reply submitted by the district administration, Kapoor took up the matter with the Haryana lokayukta after obtaining copies of details from NHRC, which had closed the files after taking replies from the two officers.Kapoor exposed the district officials' wrongdoing through the Right to Information Act on January 7, 2011, and lodged a complaint with the lokayukta that the two top district officials had furnished wrong information to the apex rights body. The lokayukta then asked additional deputy commissioner AK Bishnoi at the time to conduct an inquiry, in which it was found that an FIR numbered was registered against Kapoor at Panipat police station on November 12, 2005, under the charges of attempt to murder, extortion and other charges. \"If the reply is not filed (on the next date), then it shall be presumed that no reply is to be filed by the respondents to defend the complaint,'' the lokayukta remarked in his order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12141473", "title": "Kids board train after being scolded by parents", "text": "JAIPUR: Two kids, who were allegedly reprimanded by their parents for studies, left their home on Sunday evening and boarded a train. After a lot of effort, the Jaipur police traced the kids at Dausa railway station in Jaipur- Hisaar fast passenger train and them handed to their parents.At 4.30 pm, parents of Samar Singh (9) and Sehali Singh (8) were utterly disturbed on not finding their children at their residence in Nirman Nagar. Raising an alarm, the parents approached the nearby Shyam Nagar police station.The parents told a senior police officer that the kids were carrying the mobile phone of their mother, which actually proved helpful for the police in tracing them.Police asked the parents to call up the kids. \"We are in train and going somewhere,\" eight-year-old Sehali Singh told her mother. Soon after, the police put the cell phone on surveillance and senior officers were on the job of tracing the location of the phone.\"The mobile tower initially gave the phone's location as Bassi. Later, when the parents again contacted the kids, they made them speak to the fellow passengers in the compartment, which revealed they had boarded the Jaipur-Hisaar train,\" Ramgopal Pareek, circle inspector, Shyam Nagar, said.Pareek added that soon after locating the train, the Dausa police and GRP were intimated.\"At 7.30 pm when the train reached Dausa, the kids were taken in custody and were handed over to their parents, who, too, had rushed to Dausa,\" said Pareek.The parents reached Jaipur along with their children at 10.30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12149827", "title": "Bribery scandal: Defence ministry blacklists six companies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defence ministry has blacklisted six companies including Singapore Technologies, Israeli Military Industry and Germany's Rheinmetall Air Defence for 10 years for their alleged role in ordnance factory scam.The firms, including two Indian and one Russian, were blacklisted following action against former Director General of Ordnance Factories (DGOF) Sudipta Ghosh who was chargesheeted by CBI for his alleged role in defence scams.\"Consequent to the filing of the charge sheet in the case related to illegal gratification against Sudipta Ghosh, former DGOF, the firms were recommended for blacklisting by CBI on basis of evidence collected against them,\" defence ministry officials said on Monday.Two Indian firms -- Delhi-based T S Kisan and Company and R K Machine Tool based in Ludhiana, have also been blacklisted. Russian firm Corporation Defence also figures in the list of the companies against whom action has been taken.The firms have been debarred from further business dealings with Ordnance Factory Board (OFB), Department of Defence Production under the Defence Ministry for a period of 10 year, they said.\"These firms were issued notice to show cause as to why action against them should not be taken, consequent to filing of the charge sheet in the case related to illegal gratification against former DGOF Sudipto Ghosh,\" the officials said.In June 2010, the CBI had filed the charge sheet in a special court at Kolkata against Ghosh and 11 others people for graft.It was alleged that Ghosh had entered into conspiracy with other accused with the object of demanding and obtaining illegal gratification for various supply orders placed by OFB and also in the matters relating to transfer or posting of the officers of Ordnance Factories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12174898", "title": "SP to choose CM after Holi; clamour for Akhilesh in top job", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party , which got an absolute majority in Uttar Pradesh, would choose its next chief minister after Holi, amid demands from the party's parliamentary party members that Akhilesh Yadav be handed over the reins of the state.\"The meeting of legislators will be held after Holi to decide the future chief minister's name,\" party sources said here.The legislators meeting, which was earlier scheduled for this evening was postponed keeping in mind the convenience of newly-elected MLAs due to the festival of Holi.Earlier this morning, a meeting of the SP parliamentary board was held in which majority of members pitched for state president Akhilesh Yadav as the next chief minister.However, the final decision will be taken by party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav.\"Majority of MLAs are in favour of making Akhilesh the next CM. At the meeting of legislators, they will put in their views on the issue\", party national general secretary Naresh Agarwal told PTI.A number of MLAs, who reached here at the party headquarters met Mulayam Singh Yadav and congratulated him for the victory of the party.\"Now, the SP leaders will meet the governor for forming the next government after legislators' meet after Holi\", sources said.Meanwhile, Akhilesh Yadav later told reporters that 'netaji' (Mulayam Singh Yadav) would be the next chief minister.\"Netaji will be the CM. The decision has been taken at the party parliamentary board\", Yadav told reporters after coming out of the meet.The SP has bagged an absolute majority in 403-member Uttar Pradesh Assembly securing 224 seats.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12140957", "title": "Vintage pen lovers find a fortune in old city", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a world where the keypad is fast erasing handwriting skills of e-enabled people, there are a few shops in the Old City that still religiously cater to those scouting for the humble fountain pen. And for a vintage collection, the lanes here are a virtual treasure trove for connoisseurs.\"The Old City is a diamond mine for pens. Apart from the shops, there is the Sunday market at Pathergatti which often churns out Pelicans and Watermans at throwaway prices,\" informs a professional and an avid pen lover, Rahul Ganguly. While shopping malls across the city have opened up showrooms stocking international brands of pens with the range starting from Rs 10,000, Old City shops still manage to cater to collectors with a modest budget. \"I have once spent an hour in the area and have walked away with a Parker 21 with a broken filler and bent nib for Rs 100, a slightly worn out but extremely smooth Sheaffer Triumph Imperial for Rs 250 and believe it or not, a vintage Sailor pen with a 14 carat gold flexible nib for an astonishing Rs 100,\" says Rahul of his finds.Other than the tiny shops lining Chatta Bazaar which cater mainly to calligraphic artists, well-known names such as Deccan Pen Stores in Abids and Hilal Pen Store near Gulzar Houz have been favourite pen hunting grounds for decades.Known for their special Deccan Masterpiece, a black-bodied beauty with a four-and-half inch barrel tipped with a gold nib, Deccan Pen Stores also specializes in making 'authentic copies' of renowned pens, terming them a 'tribute'. For instance, Pelkan is their 'tribute' to the Pelikan 120 variety. Customers, needless to say, do not complain. Says Ashish Sharma, an avid pen collector from the city, \"What is the harm in a copy if it is as good as the original and comes for less than half the price?\"The online pen lovers' forum Fountain Pen Network has several collectors from the city and across India who swear by the unique quality of Deccan pens and the smooth ebonite body of Sultan pens. Coming to Sultan pens, it was Md Abdul Razzak Farooqi of Hilal Pen Stores who is said to have first produced it. After the Second World War, a foray of fountain pens invaded the pen market. Rajahmundry by that time had already made its mark by producing handmade ebonite fountain pens when K V Ratnam, hailing from the town, started manufacturing fountain pens in 1932 in response to Mahatma Gandhi's call for swadeshi. With the craze picking up, Farooqi started manufacturing ebonite pens in Hyderabad under the Sultan Brand. Md Abdul Gaffar Farooqi, present owner of the shop and grandson of the founder explained, \"Ebonite, a form of hard rubber, was used to make these pens which were available in black, mottled green and mottled brown colours. The pens were fitted with either iridium-tipped steel or 14-carat gold pattis (nibs). We also produced ballpoint pens that used the old, 1980s-style refills.\"\"One needs to have a critical eye to differentiate between the imitations of Hero 616, 330, 329 and the original ones (These read Herb instead of Hero),\" warns Ashish, another collector from the city. \"A closer look will even reveal 'Mumbai' etched on the nib,\" he says. But amidst those there are occasional occurrence of Resterbrook, Macniven and Cameron-Waverly which steal the show.The fountain pen business today clearly cannot sustain on its own. \"There was a time we sold 300 Ashoka fountain pens at 75 paise per piece every day. But now things are different,\" says Farooqi. A look around his shop speaks volumes. The pens are tucked away in a corner even as an array of other attractive stationery items, books and curios occupy a place of pride in the shop. \"The manufacturing unit has shut down 10 years ago but the never dying interest of a handful of collectors keeps me going,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12141380", "title": "TMC blood donation camp draws locals' ire", "text": "KOLKATA: Use of microphones continues unabated despite complaints from Madhyamik examinees. This time, a youth wing of Trinamool Congress has been accused of using microphones for a blood donation camp held at Kidderpore on Sunday. Incidentally, the camp was attended by state urban development minister Firhad Hakim.\"The organisers have been using microphones and loudspeakers continuously since Saturday, despite the fact that Madhyamik examination is going on,\" alleged locals.Hakim, however, said, \"I do not know if any loudspeaker was used. I have not seen any mics here. I myself have not used any microphone.\"Allegations have been raised of using microphones being used at a blood donation camp, organised by a youth Trinamool Congress wing at Kidderpore where state urban development and municipal affairs minister Firhad Hakim was present have been raised, with the Madhyamik examination going on.Locals said that the organisers have been using loudspeakers to campaign the event since Saturday and that the use of microphones were stopped only after the minister came at the programme on Sunday. \"The organisers have been using microphones and loudspeakers since Saturday continuously when the Madhyamik examination is going on,\" locals complained.When asked, Hakim said that he did not know anything on the use of loudspeakers or microphones. \" I do not know whether any loudspeaker have been used or not. I have not seen any mike here. I myself have not used any mikes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12140420", "title": "Centre asks Haryana to get forestry scam probed by CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an unprecedented step, the Union government has told the Haryana government to get the CBI to investigate the multi-crore forestry scams that could engulf two Congress ministers, two officers on special duty in the chief minister's office, an independent MLA and several IAS and IFS officers and also Supreme Court committee members.The move comes after CVC and CBI both concurred that it was a fit case to be investigated by the central agency but the state government failed to reply to Centre's missive asking for explanation.Earlier, an inquiry ordered by the cabinet secretary had found all these officials and ministers involved in the scams and harassment of the whistleblower. But sources told TOI that the Haryana government, instead of handing the investigations to CBI, decided to re-open investigation against the whistleblower Sanjiv Chaturvedi in a case of abetting suicide that the Haryana police had already closed claiming there was no evidence against the young forest officer. The case file is being handled by the chief minister's office, sources said.The official has been harassed for five years for unearthing various scams across the state including persecuting him with false chargesheets that the Union government finally cancelled.The Union environment and forests ministry gave several chances to the state government to act on an inquiry that the cabinet secretary had ordered.The two-member inquiry named officers on special duty R R Beri and R D Sheokand for approving a fabricated chargesheet against him and for illegally suspending him. It named the minister in Haryana government Kiran Choudhary in a case of illegal expenditure of public funds on private land in Fatehabad Herbal Park along with Prahlad Singh Gillakhera, Independent MLA. Four IFS officers, M M Joshi, M S Malik, M L Rajvanshi and V K Jhajharia were named in the plantations scam case in Hissar and Jhajhar. Senior forest officer R D Jakati was named in the case of destroying a wildlife sanctuary. IAS officer H C Disodia and senior forest officer J K Rawat was accused of fabricating charges against the officer in the report.The decision of the Supreme Court appointed Centrally Empowered Committee with senior IAS and IFS officers too has been cited in the inquiry report for condoning violation of SC orders in violation of laws. In the case before the SC alone, the state government had spent more than Rs 2 crore defending its officers. The apex court committee found the officials guilty but then went on to condone the act by fining the state government Rs 1 crore against the provisions of wildlife laws.The documents reviewed by CBI and CVC also include the name of the state forest and power minister Ajay Yadav for defending actions taken against the whistleblower and protecting the accused.In its letter to the Haryana government, the environment and forests ministry has written, \"It has been decided with the approval of the competent authority to assign the investigation into the allegations made by Sanjiv Chaturvedi as above (listing the cases) in his representation to the CBI.\"The Union government has asked Haryana to file an FIR in the three specific cases of corruption and notify it entrusting the case to CBI.Cases Centre has asked Haryana to get investigated by CBI1. Digging of illegal canal inside Saraswati wildlife sanctuary in violation of law and Supreme Court orders2. Development of Herbal Park on private land in Fatehabad using government funds3. Scamming money from foreign-funded afforestation projects in Jhajhar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12139866", "title": "Traders, residents oppose one-way plan near temple", "text": "GURGAON: Even as the traffic police are trying to make the one-way plan around Bhuteshwar Mandir in old Gurgaon a success, the shopkeepers nearby are up in arms against the new arrangement.Recently, the traffic police issued a showcause notice to the traffic incharge of the area after TOI highlighted the mismanagement (\"Commuters violate one-way rule, cops turn a blind eye\", February 22) in the area. The incharge has been asked to explain the implementation of the one-way rule.Meanwhile, the shopkeepers alleged that one-way restrictions in the area are eating into their business. A delegation of shopkeepers had also met DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora on February 29 over the matter.They added that instead of continuing with the one-way rule, the police should make the traffic lights functional in the area.Even people can't go to the mandir due to the one-way restrictions, the shopkeepers claimed. Narrating an incident, a shopkeeper said the police had even challaned a priest for parking in front of the temple. Road diversions are causing a lot of confusion among customers who have to take a round of the temple to reach a particular shop just on the other side of the road, said Hari Babu, an another shopkeeper.The shopkeepers said they were ready to remove their goods kept on roads in front of their shops if the administration plans to get the road widened. Local residents said the road in front of the temple has become narrower after the traffic police put dividers on it preventing heavy vehicles like school buses from taking a turn properly. The DCP has assured to look into the matter and said the department will find ways to see that traffic movement is smooth while business does not get hampered. Arora said, \" The department implemented the one-way rule after getting complaints of perennial road jams in the area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12148100", "title": "Farhan Akhtar to get into Milkha's shoes soon after Holi", "text": "Rakyesh Omprakash Mehra's 'Bhaag Milkha Bhaag' is finally ready to go on floors soon after Holi.Rakyesh Omprakash Mehra's Bollywood biopic Bhaag Milkha Bhaag is all set to go on floors. Announced with much fanfare, Prasoon Joshi and Mehra have been working on the script for almost a year. Only once everyone has been extremely happy with the outcome have they decided to go on floors.A source associated with the project says, \"Rakyesh Omprakash Mehra has chosen the quant town of Firozpur in Punjab to commence shooting\". Starting after the auspicious Holi day, there was a lot of speculation on the location of shooting the film.\"Rakyesh and his team have been searching for a perfect location to start shooting and after visiting almost all towns of Punjab they have short-listed Firozpur. Firozpur has the perfect typography and colours that the art direction team was looking into\", adds the source.Firozpur, as a corridor in Indian history, has been an important town and would play a significant character in the film. Its culture and historical background will add to the visual appeal of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12139581", "title": "Man dupes with fake email, nabbed", "text": "NEW DELHI: He allegedly made a fake email ID of a top TV journalist to get a hotel booking done, married his landlord's daughter with an assumed identity and cheated people by promising them jobs with the Delhi Metro. But the law finally caught up with 23-year-old Prem Singh.He was arrested from the Vaishali area in Uttar Pradesh following investigations into a complaint filed by a TV news channel last year that an unknown man had booked a room in a Greater Kailash hotel by sending an email in the name of one of its senior journalists. \"The channel said the unknown person had posed as its employee and stayed in the hotel for three days and checked out without paying\", said Ajay Chaudhry, additional commissioner of police (southeast).\"We tracked Singh to Vaishali where he was living with his newly-wedded wife, his landlord's daughter. It was only after his arrest that his real identity was revealed. He was using the assumed identity of Anup Chimnani,\" Chaudhry said. During investigations, police found out that at the time of booking the hotel room Singh had given a copy of his driving licence, which was found to be issued at a Mumbai address. Also three SIM cards were found in the hotel room. Police discovered that the person in whose name the booking was made at the hotel had lost his driving licence two months ago in Surat.\"Technical surveillance revealed that Singh was changing locations and phone numbers. Wherever he stayed, he duped people by either posing as an engineer with the Metro or a journalist. He was in Shakurpur for a while where he eloped with the daughter of his landlord and a missing complaint was registered in the matter,\" Chaudhry said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12143962", "title": "Aditya Birla Group launches Rs 250 cr R&D; centre", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Aditya Birla Group today formally launched a dedicated R&D; centre, developed at a cost of Rs 250 crore, which will handle research and development activities for the group companies in an integrated manner.Aditya Birla Science &amp; Technology Company (ABSTC) will help group companies reduce dependence on licenced technologies developed outside, and also puts the group in a select category of domestic conglomerates having dedicated R&D; verticals, the group said today.Some of the companies in the $35-billion group, especially those acquired recently like Novelis, have R&D; divisions, but this centre will be the global hub of all its R&D; activities, chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla said here.The centre will work on future technologies keeping in mind the group interests and plans, while the Research And Development (R&D;) divisions of individual companies will focus on short- and medium-term needs, ABSTC Chief Executive Luca Fontana said.The facility, spread over 20 acres at the Taloja industrial estate, has a focus on manufacturing and retail verticals, he said, adding that the company plans to help group interests in financial services and telecom as well.Over 55 patents have already been filed by the ABSTC since its inception in 2006, he said. It employs 100 people at present, of which 50 possess doctorates. Group companies like Hindalco , Birla Carbon, Ultratech, Grasim, Novelis and Aditya Birla Retail have benefited from the facility till now, he said, adding the group is also open to carrying out contractual research for non-competing entities.Birla said the present model is more of a cost model wherein the ABSTC carries out research for group companies, which pay for the services individually, while Fontana added the advantage of such a centre for group companies is that they do not have to pay royalties.The company is also open to tie-ups with institutions like IITs and BITS , and joining forces with technology start-ups to incubate relevant technologies, Birla said. He, however, clarified that the group is not looking at a venture capital business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144546", "title": "Mahesh congratulates Sid", "text": "Siddharth's maiden production has been the toast of the town ever since it hit the screens two weeks ago.The breezy rom-com has been getting rave reviews from one and all in the industry and the latest to join the \"I loved Siddharth's film\" bandwagon is superstar Mahesh Babu. The actor even went on to publicly express his admiration on his microblogging site. \"it is 1of the most innovative films i saw in recent times..congrats to sidharth n d entire team for pulling it off..\"(sic) posted Mahesh. To which a visibly excited Siddharth responded saying, \"Thank you superstar @urstrulyMahesh ...your encouragement means the world to the film's team...you are truly a class apart bro!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12143567", "title": "Sanjay Dutt raise his price to Rs 10-crore plus", "text": "Post Agneepath, Sanjay Dutt has reportedly jacked his price to a staggering Rs 10-crore plus. Are producers taking note?Sanjay Dutt, who has not really had a talking-point role in a long time, is keen to leverage the success that Kancha Cheena has brought him. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Dutt has hiked his rate from Rs 5 crore to a staggering Rs 10-crore plus.It was for Agneepath that he had charged Rs 5 crore, and from the looks of it, he is not not going to visit that amount any time soon.While industry watchers are still reeling from the impact of the news, Dutt's CEO Dharam Oberoi, confirmed the story and justified the hike. \"Every actor raises his price after a big success. If Sanju has delivered the biggest hit of 2012 so far, doesn't he deserve the hike?\"Oberoi says Agneepath has turned to an unexpected turning point in the star's career, akin to what Munnabhai and earlier Vaastav achieved. \"People cheered him at the election campaigning too,\" points out Oberoi.A friend close to the star told Mirror that after a somewhat tumultuous phase when he flirted with politics and settled down with Manyata, he is in a 'happier space' now, thanks to Agneepath.\"While a certain section of the audience found Agneepath extremely violent, there is a large section which has lapped up the film and Dutt's stupendous performance,\" the friend told Mumbai Mirror.Though Dutt is yet to take up a new project, it will be interesting to see how producers respond to his demand. At present, most A-list actors go for a profit-sharing package. The Khans take home around Rs 27 crore, while Hrithik Roshan charges Rs 20 crore, Ajay Devgn charges Rs 18 crore and Ranbir Kapoor post Rockstar, is charging around Rs 12 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12140778", "title": "Express trains between Hyderabad and Kolhapur", "text": "HUBLI: South Central Railway (SCR) has decided to continue express special trains between Hyderabad-Kolhapur-Hyderabad for four days a week.Train Nos. 07143/07144 from Hyderabad end from April 1 to June 27 and from Kolhapur end from April 3 to June 29 to the following timings, stoppages and dates of service.Accordingly, train No. 07143 Hyderabad-Kolhapur Express (four days a week) Special will depart from Hyderabad at 23-10 hrs on Tuesday, Wednesdays, Saturdays &amp; Sundays from April 1. The train will arrive at 22-45 hrs at Kolhapur, the next day. This special train will be in service till June 27.En route, the train will depart from Begumpet at 23-27 hrs, Sanathnagar at 23-33 hrs, Lingampalli at 23-50 hrs, Shankarpalli at 00-07 hrs, Vikarabad at 00-45 hrs, Tandur at 01-19 hrs, Nawandgi at 01-34 hrs, Kurgunta at 01-44 hrs, Seram at 01-55 hrs, Malkhaid Road at 02-06 hrs, Chittapur at 02-34 hrs, Nalwar at 03-02 hrs, Yadgir at 03-30 hrs, Narayanpet Road at 03-50 hrs, Krishna at 04-10 hrs, Raichur at 04-55 hrs, Mantharalayam Road at 05-40 hrs, Adoni at 06-10 hrs, Guntakal at 07-50 hrs, Bellary at 08-55 hrs, Tornagallu at 09-37 hrs, Hospet at 10-25 hrs, Koppal at 11-05 hrs, Gadag at 12-02 hrs, Hubli at 14-00 hrs, Dharwad at 14-35 hrs, Londa at 16-15 hrs, Belgaum at 17-35 hrs, Ghataprabha at 19-30 hrs, Raybag at 20-00 hrs, Kudachi at 20-20 hrs, Miraj at 21-30 hrs and arrive at Hatkanangale at 21-59 hrs.In the return direction, train No. 07144 Kolhapur-Hyderabad will depart from Kolhapur at 07-30 hrs on Thursdays, Fridays, Mondays &amp; Tuesdays from April 3 and arrive at Hyderabad at 06-45 hrs, the next day. This train will be in service till June 29.En route, the train will depart from Hatkanangale at 07-52 hrs, Miraj at 09-00 hrs, Kudachi at 09-34 hrs, Raybag at 09-50 hrs, Ghatprabha at 10-35 hrs, Belgaum at 12-05 hrs, Londa at 13-20 hrs, Dharwad at 15-10 hrs, Hubli at 16-15 hrs, Gadag at 17-25 hrs, Koppal at 18-30 hrs, Hospet at 19-05 hrs, Tornagallu at 19-45 hrs, Bellary at 20-40 hrs, Guntakal at 21-50 hrs, Adoni at 22-35 hrs, Manthralayam Road at 23-10 hrs, Raichur at 23-40 hrs, Krishna at 00-2 hrs, Narayanpet Road at 00-21 hrs, Yadgir at 00-40 hrs, Nalwar at 01-40 hrs, Chittapur at 02-26 hrs, Malkhaid Road at 02-33 hrs, Seram at 02-43 hrs, Kurgunta at 02-53 hrs, Nawandgi at 03-15 hrs, Tandur at 03-30 hrs, Vikarabad at 04-20 hrs, Shankarpalli at 04-40 hrs, Ligampalli at 05-00 hrs, Sanathnagar at 05-20 hrs and arrive at Begumpet at 05-37 hrs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "12139780", "title": "Six Indians burnt to death in Oman vehicle collision", "text": "DUBAI: Six Indians were today burnt alive in a horrific head-on collision between two trucks near Mamur town in the north-west of Muscat in Oman .Six Indians were killed and two Omanis seriously injured when two pickup trucks collided and one carrying six workers caught fire this evening, local media quoted a policeman as saying.Four of the six died on the spot, while two succumbed to their burns in a hospital, welfare secretary with the Indian Social Club P M Jabir told Gulf News.The victims have been identified as Anil Kumar Sadanandan (35), Vishnu Bhargavan Villappil (42), Prasad Balakrishna Pillai (34), Sajukumar Unnikrishnan Pillai (29), Johanson Anil (43) and Das, whose full name and age were not available.He said that bodies of the four were kept at the Bahla hospital while two were taken to the Nizwa hospital in Oman.\"All the deceased worked for a construction company and were travelling in a twin-cabin pick up to go to their work site,\" he said.The Omani company that employed these Indians from Kerala has initiated procedures to repatriate the bodies.\"We will provide whatever help the company may need in completing formalities,\" the ISC welfare secretary told the newspaper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12141443", "title": "Girls outsmart boys in Nalanda Open University exams", "text": "PATNA: Once again, girls outsmarted boys at the Nalanda Open University (NOU) examinations this year. As many as 16 out of 26 gold medals awarded to the toppers of different examinations were bagged by the girls.The gold medals along with the degrees were awarded to them at the seventh annual convocation of NOU held at the S K Memorial Hall here on Sunday.Toppers of different postgraduate examinations of 2011, who were awarded gold medals, include Prerna Singh (economics), Kumari Richa (geography), Aparna Giri (Hindi), Amit Ankit (history), Sandeep Gupta (Magahi), Preeti Shree (political science), Kumari Khusboo ( psychology), Anamika Kumari (sociology), Shilpa Shree (journalism and mass communications), Anshu (library and information science), Shubhkamna Biahut (public administration), Prashant Kumar Jha (rural development), Kumar Basant (commerce), Diwakar Ray (Bhojpuri), Lalit Prabha (education), Nilofer Yasmeen (Urdu), Bipin Kumar Sharma (chemistry), Archana Singh (botany), Sandhya Kumari (zoology), Ajit Kumar Manjhi (physics), Sunita Singh (mathematics), Aashirvad Kumar (environmental science), Kunal Mishra (Sanskrit) and Sanjay Deo (MCA).Of the 26 gold medals, eight have been donated to the university by individuals. These include Ram Surat Sharma Gold Medal, Sulabh Gold Medal, Haridwar Pandey Gold Medal, Amar Nath Pandey Gold Medal, Jasbir Kaur Gold Medal, R S Gandhi Gold Medal, Brij Chandrika Gold Medal and Rajendra Prasad Singh Memorial Gold Medal.NOU VC Jitendra Singh pointed out that the university's decision to provide 25% fee concession to girls has started bearing fruit. The enrolment of girl students has increased considerably and they are doing better at examinations. The NOU is also providing free education to the inmates of the Beur Central Jail, he said. Degrees were conferred on over 27,000 NOU pass-outs on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12140389", "title": "Trains promised in last year\u2019s budget still to reach stations", "text": "CHENNAI: T Prabhakar, a regular commuter between Chengalpet and Chennai, rejoiced when the then railway minister Mamata Bannerjee announced a slew of measures to increase suburban train services and improve passenger amenities at stations during the budget last February.It has been a year since the budget was presented, but the ground reality is yet to change. Suburban trains remain crowded and dirty, while unclean stations lack even the basic facilities. The 257 trains that are operated in Chennai-Arakkonam and Chennai-Gummidipoondi sectors are not on time most days.Of the nine suburban services sanctioned in the budget, Southern Railway has introduced four. \"We are ready to introduce five more services in the suburban sector,\" said S Anantharaman, divisional railway manager, Chennai division.However, commuters feel that suburban train travel has not improved. \"Trains have started to run late in the Chennai-Ennore route. An evening train took nearly an hour to reach Ennore on Saturday. The condition of the stations remains the same,\" said Gunasekharan, a commuter.Railways blame the lack of infrastructure for delay in implementing projects sanctioned in the budget. Southern Railway introduced more special trains this year after scheduled Express or Mail trains were not adequate to handle demand for additional berths. Still, tickets are scarce, especially to towns in southern parts of the state.Of the new long distance trains announced, two non-stop bi-weekly Duronto Express trains - Chennai to Madurai and Thiruvananthapuram - are yet to be introduced. Duronto trains were meant to cut down travel time. \"Duronto trains will be introduced as soon as we get the rakes. It is not clear when the rakes will arrive,\" said V J Accamma, chief public relations officer of Southern Railway. Railways are suffering from severe shortage of coaches.\"The non-stop train would have eased congestion in the Chennai-Madurai sector where we need more trains. It is time the railways speeded up doubling of the track between Nagercoil and Chennai. More trains can be operated if doubling works are completed,\" said S R Sree Ram, an office bearer of Kanyakumari District Railway Users' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12146246", "title": "Vidya Balan to promote 'Kahaani' in Ahmedabad", "text": "Riding high on the success of 'The Dirty Picture', actor Vidya Balan came calling to the city last week. She had 15-30 minute appearances planned at a couple of shopping malls in the city.As she emerged in her 'Kahaani' character costume dressed like a pregnant woman, someone from the crowd remarked, \"She is dressed like a pregnant woman to prove what? Does she feel by doing that the film will impress the masses? It is always about a script and performances. These marketing tools are too far-fetched.\"Vidya looked more confident this time, and easily responded to questions thrown at her from the crowd.When someone asked her how it felt receiving a Filmfare award when she was earlier criticized for her dressing sense; the actress quickly said, \"It was definitely difficult taking all that. But after bad comes something good. And now when I have been appreciated for my work, I am ready to forget all that.\"She also mentioned how happy she is with the way Gujaratis show love and warmth when they host you. \"I had my share of undhiyu and must say that Gujaratis bahot pyaar se khana khilate hai. \" She went on further talking about her film and almost made a lady in the audience affirm positively, that she must definitely watch 'Kahaani' when it is released.Vidya had her fans wanting more of her and making silly requests of asking her to sing songs from 'The Dirty Picture', and some people even had their pockets picked as they became a part of a mad mob trying to watch her in action!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12139529", "title": "If you don\u2019t live in a flat, life\u2019s a grind here", "text": "BANGALORE: When Sathish V, a BCom student, returns home to a power cut and can't even hop across to find a cyber cafe in the vicinity, he gets an idea of his locality. Not too far away though, tech professionals live in the quiet newly sprung gated communities and apartment complexes, far away from traffic snarls and 5 to 7km from their workplaces at Electronics City. Here too, the pastoral meets the ultra-modern where on one side of the road you can find world-class hospitals, international schools and villas. A village panchayat is still in charge of civic amenities.Welcome to the upcoming township Chandapura in Bangalore South, along the road to Anekal, suddenly finding a new urbanism on its map. \"I've seen many villas on Sarjapur Road and also near Chandapura, as both places are close to my workplace at Electronics City. I prefer to buy a plot in Chandapura as the latter offers gated communities which are safer,\" says Madhulika Bhagat (27) a techie hailing from Patna . For many like her, a home closer to the workplace is a dream high on the agenda.Apartments here are self-contained with facilities like amphitheatre, swimming pool, jogging track, gym and party hall, children's play area, gardens, tennis and badminton courts, but the rest of the locality has to travel elsewhere to even watch a movie.Just across, the villagers of Chandapura are not too happy with the turn of things. \"We are losing our land... Farm land is being used for construction of bungalows. Cultivation has been hit badly,\" says Lalitha N, a floriculturist. Many like her here and in nearby villages like Hennagara are engaged in growing button roses and marigold flowers.Other residents grapple with basic problems. VS Mani of Kittagana talks of severe water scarcity. \"We have better roads and even bus connectivity is good. At Chandapura bus stand, you can catch a bus to any part of Bangalore every minute. But the huge group housing complexes, industries and hospitals that have come up in the locality have sapped underground water. Earlier, we'd get water if we dug just 300 feet deep, but now there's no trace of it even double the depth... The thought of summer is scary,\" says Mani who has lived there for all of his 60 years.Chandapura, along with a clutch of neighbouring villages in Anekal taluk, depends on borewell water and private tankers. Hennagara lake, a major water source about two decades ago, has now seen encroachments. Residents say another problem is garbage pile-ups. Door-to-door collection is virtually absent.Mani is one of the directors of Swami Vivekananda Rural Education Society, an established school in Chandapura. \"Many international schools are coming up,\" he says of the area growing as an education hub. Supplementing this are coaching classes for competitive exams. Traffic worries are set to ease with the coming up of an elevated expressway. For now, it seems to be a locality comfortable for those who are in apartment complexes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144421", "title": "Anil Kapoor's next film may star Sonam Kapoor", "text": "After producing 'Aisha', Bollywood actor Anil Kapoor is all set to make another women-centric film, which might feature daughter Sonam Kapoor .\"And again, I am making another women-centric film and very soon you will hear about it. Rhea is working and developing the script,\" Kapoor told eporters , at the Lavasa Women's Drive event.Ask him if Sonam would be part of it, Kapoor says, \"It depends upon Rhea as she is very particular about casting. If she feels Sonam is the right choice, then she would be there.\"\"Women-centric films need to be made in Bollywood. I myself made a woman centric film like 'Aisha' and I am very happy and proud of that. I have worked in quite a few women oriented films. I have been very proud and honored. I think we leading men must support and encourage women oriented films,\" he said.\"I see that leading men are not very happy being part of women oriented films. And the best films made in our country including Mother India was a female centric film, and even till today the film is remembered,\" he said.The 52-year-old actor along with his younger daughter Rhea had produced 'Aisha' (2010), based on the 1815 British novel 'Emma'. The film starring Sonam and Abhay Deol in lead roles had not fared well at the box office.The actor, who attended the event, based on the concept of time-distance-speed, suggested that women must go for regular check-ups to prevent cancer.Lavasa Women's Drive, this year is aimed at spreading awareness about cervical cancer. \"When a girl or woman crosses the age of 20, they should undergo constant check-ups. If cancer is detected early, it can be eradicated and this is the kind of awareness we all need to spread. This would stop and control cancer,? he said.\"I feel lot of women in the interior parts of this country need to be educated and made aware, about cancer than women living in metro cities. It is the interiors, small towns ..where things are completely different and I feel we are lagging there,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12140149", "title": "Devotees play colours with Lord to celebrate Rangbhari Ekadashi", "text": "VARANASI: The city plunged into festive spirit as the festival of Rangbhari Ekadashi was celebrated with great religious fervour with the offering of gulal and flower petals to Lord Vishwanath on Sunday.As per the tradition, the metal idols of Lord Shiva and Goddess Parvati were carried out in a `palaki' amid religious fervour in the afternoon from the house of former priest Kulpati Tiwari.Shankh, damru, Vijay ghant and many other musical instruments were played by the devotees on the way. The priests and devotees entered the sanctum sanctorum of KVT with this 'palaki' and offered gulal and rose petals to the deities. After the completion of these rituals and regular aarti, the doors of sanctum sanctorum were opened for the devotees. A colourful cultural event was also organised in the expanded premises of KVT on this occasion featuring shehnai recital, jugalbandi of tabla and violin, and light classical songs. Apart from that, the colours of festival could also be seen in several other areas of the city which seemed to be catching the Holi fever. The members of Vandematram Sangharsh Samiti celebrated the festival by sprinkling dry colours on each other at Assi Ki Adi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12141312", "title": "More than half of the city's population lives in urban areas: Census", "text": "JAIPUR: The population and size of slums and underdeveloped areas in Jaipur are swelling with increased migration of people from rural areas to urban. Presently, more than half of the city's population resides in urban areas.But 10 years ago, as per the 2001 Census, more than half of the population lived in rural areas here. But the 2011 Census shows more people are now living in urban areas, and points that since 2001, people have been continuously moving towards urban areas for employment.The 2001 Census report shows that 50.64% of the population lived in rural areas and 49.36% in urban areas, but the latest 2011 Census report says 52.51% of the total population lives in urban areas while the remaining 47.49% in rural areas.\"It has been seen in the recent past that people have migrated from rural to urban areas which has exerted pressure on various facilities provided by the JMC,\" a JMC official said.Last week, UNICEF, too, expressed its concern over growing slum areas and urbanization in Rajasthan. \"Since Rajasthan is ninth in the list of urban population growth in the last decade, facilities like health, sanitation are being strained and problems of waste water and solid waste are aggravating,\" a UNICEF state office for Rajasthan official said. Also, other problems directly related to population growth in cities are also exerting extra pressure on housing and transportation facilities.Besides, the government is hopeful it will be able to check growing urbanization with nationally sponsored schemes. Jaipur zila pramukh Hazari Lal Nagar claimed that the migration of people from rural to urban areas has declined in the last three years due to the centre-sponsored scheme of employment in rural areas, i.e., MNREGA. \"In the last three years since MNREGA was launched the migration has slowed down. Figures of the census are for the last 10 years taken together. MNREGA has been able to check migration by creating job opportunities in rural areas,\" he said.As per the 2011 Census, decadal urban population growth rate is 29% which is far higher than the rural (19%) growth rate in Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12141682", "title": "Likely independent winners favour BJP", "text": "MARGAO: Goa will have to wait just another day to know the outcome of Saturday's elections which witnessed a record percentage of polling. While poll pundits are busy with their maths over which party will get the magical figure of 21, independents and small parties are attempting to notch up their worth, in case of a fractured verdict.In South Goa, at least three independents could make it to the legislative assembly, while the role of the Goa Vikas Party (GVP), which has fielded eight candidates, will also be crucial even if it wins a couple of seats.Avertano Furtado (Navelim), Benjamin Silva (Velim) and Arjun Salgaocar (Sanvordem) are the independents who rank high in the assessment of poll watchers as those likely to come up trumps.Furtado is backed by BJP and, while speaking to the media, made no bones of the fact that his natural choice would be to extend his support to the saffron party, if the situation so demanded. \"The fact that so many people came out to vote from my constituency speaks of the resentment among the people against the Congress government. My support will be for the BJP,\" he said.Silva also made it clear that his preference would be for the BJP in a split mandate. \"What good has the Congress done for Goa? I am sure I am winning comfortably. Let the results come, it will be clear that the people have voted out the corrupt Congress government,\" Silva said.Salgaocar, if elected from Sanvordem, is also likely to support BJP in government formation, his close aides said. \"Arjun made it clear to all of us in a meeting of his supporters held in Ponda recently, about his inclination to support the BJP if required to make up the numbers. His stand is unlikely to change; his priority will be for the BJP,\" sources close to Salgaocar said.Though GVP supremo Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco has strained relations with Congress, when it comes to playing the role of kingmaker, it will be political exigencies that will matter the most.Speaking to TOI, GVP general secretary Lyndon Monteiro said GVP will support the party that assures to fulfill their agenda and manifesto. Though Monteiro made it clear that it would be premature to name the party with which GVP will align, he billed opposition leader Manohar Parrikar as an \"able and no-nonsense administrator\" while accusing Congress of going on a \"looting spree with several irregularities to boot\".In North Goa independents Naresh Sawal (Bicholim) and Tulio de Souza (Saligao) have an outside chance of winning. De Souza said he would go by the people's wishes if he wins. \"I will not so much support a party as much as a good government, which delivers the goods to the people. The interest of my constituents is uppermost in my mind,\" he said.Sawal said he would decide on who to support after the election results are declared. \"I will support any party which forms the government,\" Sawal, a former Congressman, said.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144896", "title": "Shakti's fundamentals!", "text": "Actor Shakti Arora who was last seen in Zee TV's Sanskar Laxmi is getting rave reviews for Siddharth Kumar Tewary's Gyaan Guru that airs on Imagine TV.On being asked how he will rate himself as a host he says, \"I will rate myself generously with six points. There are many areas in which I have to work. I guess that will come with time and practice. I am sure in my second show, as an anchor I will give myself 10 points,\"\" he smiles.On being probed what are the basic parameters of a good anchor he says, \"Good sense of humor, a good quality of voice, spontaneity, improvisation and most importantly to be able to connect with the contestants and the audience of the show.\"\" He adds, \"\"I am happy with the way the show is moving ahead. I am grateful to producer Siddarth Tewary for giving me a break.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12145773", "title": "Sonia Gandhi returns after routine medical checkup abroad", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress chief Sonia Gandhi, who had gone abroad for a \"routine check up\" on Februrary 27 following a surgery six months back, returned here today.Gandhi returned a day before the counting of votes in the elections to five states including crucial Uttar Pradesh. She had extensively campaigned in UP, Punjab and Uttarakhand.\"Congress president Sonia Gandhi has come back after her routine check up and she is absolutely fine,\" party general secretary and media department chief Janardan Dwivedi told PTI.Nearly six months after her treatment abroad, Gandhi had travelled out of the country on the night of February 27 for the check up.A day after Gandhi left, Dwivedi had said that the Congress president had gone abroad for a checkup and would return in four to five days.Gandhi, 65, had gone out of the country for treatment of an undisclosed ailment in August last year. During her over month-long stay, she had undergone surgery, whose nature was not disclosed with the party maintaining that a citizen's right to privacy should be respected.In her absence, Sonia Gandhi's son, Rahul and three senior leaders were made in-charge of party affairs. Besides Rahul, the committee had comprised Defence Minister A K Antony, Janardan Dwivedi and Sonia Gandhi's political secretary Ahmed Patel.This time, however, no such arrangement was made as the period of her stay out of the country was short.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12141009", "title": "'For Gujarat riot victims, justice still a mirage'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Ten years after Gujarat witnessed the bloodiest riot in the history of India, the scars inflicted on the community are still fresh and the victims are still awaiting justice. Speakers at a conference held here on Sunday on the 10 years of shame of Gujarat riots said that the riots remained a blot in the history of India and its democratic fabric and what happened in Gujarat 10 years ago was genocide.At the conference, 'Gujarat - 10 years of Shame', organised by MIM, former Gujarat DGP R B Sreekumar said the killing of thousands of people was genocide.Speaking to a packed audience, Sreekumar said the omissions of the Narendra Modi government were political and bureaucratic and, of course included the police force. \"Even in police firing the number of Muslims killed was more. 177 Muslims and 83 Hindus were killed by police. 130 madrassas, 302 dargahs and 209 mosques and three churches were either desecrated or destroyed during the riots,\" he said.In addition, he gave out the exhaustive list of omissions of the Modi government such as the handing over of the bodies of Godhra train fire victims to the VHP leaders and their subsequent parading in Ahmedabad was a violation of law as was the appointment of pro-Hindutva advocates as public prosecutors. Further, he said that Gujarat CM Narendra Modi had delayed requisitioning of deployment of Army from the central government.Speakers noted that Muslims in Gujarat were treated as second class citizens, akin to the treatment of Indians in the British Raj, and are yet to get justice.They said that this was against the very construct of the nation. Former chief election commissioner (CEC) JM Lyngdoh termed the communal carnage in Gujarat as 'shameful' and that soon after the assembly was dissolved, the Gujarat government wanted another election which was declined by the Election Commission .\"Apart from thousands being killed, more than 50,000 voters were displaced and elections were impossible as a revision of electoral rolls was required. Also, the law and order situation in the state was unsatisfactory for elections,\" he said. He noted that hate messages were spread by 'surrogates of political parties'. \"The law punishes an individual offender but not a group,\" he added.Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi said that a battle was being waged between those who wished to keep the ethos of the country alive and those who wanted to destroy it.\"The formation of lakhs of shakhas of the VHP and the saffronisation of textbooks has been going on. The role of the saffron brigade has been established in the Mecca Masjid blasts and Saumjhauta Express incident. They are becoming more scientific so that maximum destruction takes place. The Gujarat incident must not be repeated anywhere in the country with any community.\"He noted that many youth from Hyderabad were unconstitutionally picked up by the police without warrants and left to languish in Sabarmati Jail for many years.Director and producer Rahul Dholakia said that his film 'Parzania' about a Parsi family caught in the aftermath of the Godhra incident faced censorship of a saffron kind.\"The multiplex association wanted me to show the film to the Babu Bajrangi, the chief accused in the Gujarat riots. This was censorship of a different kind.\" He added that Indians must lose their 'baggage of hate' and shouldn't condone killing of innocent people. He added that had he not made the film, he would have been guilty of being a mute spectator. Noted criminal lawyer from Hyderabad SR Mahajir said the inaction by the judiciary after the riots was a shame. \"The accused were acquitted by lower courts. Only when the Supreme Court stepped in, 30 arrests were made.Section 219 of the IPC states that if a judge delivers an order maliciously or corruptly, he will be awarded a sentence of seven years in prison,\" he said. Sreekumar added that those in favour of the Sangh Parivar were directly supporting Modi while those sympathetic to the Indian Mujahedin and Jaish-e-Mohammed were indirectly supporting him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12139997", "title": "\u2018Urgent need to protect human rights\u2019", "text": "ALLAHABAD: There is an imperative need for protection of the human rights when the divisive forces are hellbent on destroying the social fabric of the society, asserted speakers at a meeting held on Sunday organized under the auspices of 'Awami Council for Peace.' They also hailed the decision of Uttarakhand High Court for issuing showcause notice to the erring police officers.Speaking at the programme, advocate of Allahabad High Court Syed Farman Naqvi who appeared on behalf of the 'Awami Council for Peace' said that the UttarakhandHigh Court has asked the state government why the human rights commission in the state is not established despite undertaking given by the state in the earlier writ petitions. He also said erring police officers have been issued showcause notices by the Court.\"Fasihuddin Nizami referred to the communal riots on October 2, 2011 in the Rudrapur district of Uttarakhand district inwhich about 4 people were killed and property worth of Rs. 3 crore was destroyed. Demand was raised for the formation of human rights commission in the state so that steps can be taken for the protection of the Civil Rights in the society and such incident should never occur in the society. He informed that the organization filed a PIL in the Uttarakhand High Court in Nainital regarding the Rudrapur communal violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12139752", "title": "Will Z security to tainted ex-Maharashtra CM be withdrawn too?", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik finally withdrew Z security to tainted former Mumbai Congress president Kripashankar Singh as he faces serious criminal charges of conspiracy, corruption and cheating.A high-ranking Indian Police Service official said it was recommended at the quarterly review meeting on threat perception presided over by the chief secretary, that not only Singh, but the security cover of over 55 politicians, bureaucrats and filmstars be slashed. If security is really slashed, Mumbai can get manpower to set up five more police stations.When the review committee report was placed before chief ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh , Ashok Chavan and Prithviraj Chavan, during their tenures, none dared reduce security for obvious political reasons. Prithviraj initially approved a proposal for reduction, in but his oral order was short-lived, since immediately after the high-level meeting, there was a message to the head of the protection branch that the security cover continue.It was proposed that from Z category, Kripashankar should be provided with the lowest security, but in view of his political clout, he continued to get special cover. Now that Patnaik has withdrawn security on the grounds that a criminal case has been registered against him, it is to be seen if the high-profile police commissioner withdraws special cover to a former chief minister, who faces identical charges, and over a dozen politicians and activists, against whom criminal cases have been registered or are under Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) scrutiny.On the fast trackIt's time for state cabinet members, bureaucrats and the police brass to take lessons from Central Railway (CR) general manager Subodh Jain. After state home minister R R Patil and chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad, Jain has emerged as the most accessible official in the metropolis. Jain's thinking is loud and clear, he is working for the cause of nearly 55 lakh commuters and all CR employees. Ever since he took over six months ago, emphasis was on punctuality, cleanliness at stations and in trains and, above all, safety of passengers, including enhanced security at railway stations.While dealing with colleagues and journalists, Jain was accessible to all quite frequently.By and large cabinet members are out of Mumbai, and bureaucrats rarely respond to calls from journalists, as a result of which securing even routine information often gets difficult. No doubt, bowing to pressure from anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare, Maharashtra was the first to bring in the Right To Information Act, but owing to the inaccessibility of bureaucrats and IPS officials, information is miles away.Sarangi's giftA week ago, veteran bureaucrat Umesh Chandra Sarangi retired after putting in 36 years in the Indian Administrative Service . Every bureaucrat has to retire on superannuation, but Maharashtra will certainly miss him, since he was not only a trouble-shooter for successive chief ministers, but in the corridors of power, he was known as an 'aam admi' bureaucrat. His presence as a bureaucrat with a vision was felt for the first time when he was Latur collector well over three decades. Then entire Marathwada region was experiencing drought, while Latur was the worst affected district. When it appeared that Latur will witness massive migration, following stringent measures taken by Sarangi, not only migration was halted, but villagers from neighbouring districts shifted there.Sarangi had also ensured that many villagers got jobs under the employment guarantee scheme.Then there was no looking back for Sarangi. As cooperation commissioner, Sarangi brought in transparency in cooperative societies, while as chairman of the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development, Maharashtra received maximum benefit when the Centre declared a multi-crore loan waiver scheme for farmers.In two decades, anti-coruption crusader Anna Hazare had launched 25 agitations in Maharashtra, but all were successfully handled by Sarangi. His real gift to Mumbaikars was that he stopped harassment by traffic constables. He found that traffic constables were seizing driving licences without authority, and they often hid behind signals or trees to catch violators.Sarangi had called up Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik and issued stringent guidelines on seizing licences. The results of Sarangi's orders are visible, and at least for the time-being, there is less harassment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12140315", "title": "Senior citizens seek hike in interest rate on bank deposits", "text": "CHENNAI: Senior citizens have demanded a national policy governing their affairs, besides the increase of train fare concession from 40% to 50% for all senior citizens, both men and women.A resolution to this effect was adopted at a general body meeting of the association held in Salem recently, according to a press release from the Chennai-based forum's general secretary S M Chellaswamy.The meet wanted the Centre to announce 2% additional interest rate on senior citizens' deposits in banks and post offices. Calling for a uniform age limit of 60 years to be eligible for all senior citizen benefits, the meet said the disparity in women and men senior citizens in respect of rail fare concession should go. As of now, while women are given 50 per cent concessional fare, it is only 40% in case of men. The concession should be a uniform 50% for both sexes, it said, adding that rail passengers aged 80 years should be allowed to have an attendant to travel with him free of cost.The meet also wanted doubling of railway lines between Villupuram and Madurai, developing the Royapuram railway station as a hub for outbound trains and rail link to the district headquarter of Krishnagiri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12141375", "title": "Noted theatre artist passes away", "text": "PATNA: An internationally acclaimed stage artist and founder-member of the Bihar Art Theatre (BAT) Rajendra Prasad Verma, popularly known as Tarunda, died at his Khagaul residence on Sunday morning after a brief illness. He was 75.Verma acted in more than 600 plays in and outside the country. A winner of several awards and prizes, he had earned laurels for the country for his role as Gandhi in the play, 'Gandhi Ka Antim Ek Varsh (The last year of Mahatma Gandhi )', which was staged in 1987 in Havana , Germany, Paris , Canada and Spain. A versatile artist, Verma acted in Hindi, Bengali, Urdu, Magahi, Bhojpuri, Maithili and English plays. His character roles in John Osborne's 'Look Back in Anger', Ibson's 'Doll House' and Arthur Miller's 'Death Of A Salesman' were great hits on the stage. He acted in TV serials like 'Neev', 'Andhere Ke Viruddh', 'Dhalti Sham' and 'No Problem' during 1980s.Members of BAT, cultural artists of Patna , Danapur and Khagaul and social activists mourned Verma. Bhartiya Ek Joot Sanstha secretary Sudhir Madhukar described his death as an irreparable loss to the world of theatre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12141525", "title": "Bengal student alleges ragging", "text": "KOLKATA: A third-year student of Bengal Engineering and Science University (Besu) was allegedly assaulted by seven seniors on February 22. The student complained to the university authorities, who called the guardians of those seven fourth-year students. They were let off after a warning.The university swung into action only after the victim lodged a complaint with an anti-ragging helpline in Delhi. A fine of `5000 each was imposed on the students and the victim lodged an FIR with the Shibpur police station on February 28. \"Besu has formed a committee to probe the incident. The committee will submit its findings to the vice-chancellor on March 7,\" said registrar Biman Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12140236", "title": "Municipal corporation fund allocation fails to impress", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The recently passed financial budget of city municipal corporation, which would be implemented from next financial year, hasn't struck a chord with the Federation of Sectors' Welfare Association of Chandigarh (FOSWAC).The Federation feels the MC has set aside insufficient funds for important issues like multilevel parking lots in commercial areas and community parking lots in residential areas, development of playgrounds and betterment of sanitation services and repair of roads. FOSWAC members expressed their dismay about the failure of the MC in keeping a check on stray dogs' menace and dumping of rubble.At the monthly meeting of the Federation, the members said the civic body has not adopted an effective sanitation policy to stream line the door to door collection of garbage and green waste.The improper functioning of garbage processing plant at Dadumajra is emitting a foul smell, becoming a health hazard to residents of nearby sectors.Since this issue has been taken up to the Punjab and Haryana high court, FOSWAC decided it should place its view points before the court for improvement in the sanitation conditions.The members expressed their concern about the non-cooperative attitude of the adjoining states in the implementation of water supply scheme from Bhakra Canal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144527", "title": "Kunal Kohli's 1910 era Punjabi song", "text": "The shooting of the Shahid Kapoor and Priyanka Chopra starrer is on in full swing.Recently director Kunal Kohli recreated the Punjab of the olden days in Mumbai. A unit source revealed, \"Kunal Kohli wanted to shoot in Punjab originally. The period to be shown was the 1910 era.But there was a hitch. Kohli observed that the state had gone through a complete transformation over the century. It was not possible to shoot there anymore. Hence a palatial set of the old Punjab was erected at Mumbai's Madh Island. Art director Munish Sappal recreated the old Punjab with utmost precision.\"Kunal Kohli shot a qawwali song with Shahid and Priyanka there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12146082", "title": "Unwind in style", "text": "Well, there goes another weekend. Time to welcome the workday and strap on those formals to take on the Monday morning in full steam.But of course, all that work would wait until the hip crowd of Chennai had their fair dose of fun on the two days off. Some of them had taken off to the sister city, to catch up with some old pals, unwind with that sparkling drink and party till the wee hours.The others, who decided to stick on in Chennai had ample options to try out. From some sultry nightclubs to picturesque beach houses, the partygoing crowd had a gala time with their buddies. And this nightclub was testimony to the revelries of the week as well.Great food, peppy music and lots of banter - what more could these youngsters have asked for?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12139651", "title": "Small slip can be fatal for elderly", "text": "NEW DELHI: If there's one room in the house that deserves a skull-and-crossbones sign on the door, it's the bathroom. More people get hurt in the bathroom than out on the road. But when the injured are in their 60s, doctors say, the chances of a fall proving fatal shoot up.Hip fractures, and damaged spine and forearm are the most common injuries associated with a fall. But among the elderly, who have weaker structural muscles, poor balance, reflexes and vision, and bones attenuated by years of dietary neglect, a slip often leads to more dangerous injuries.\"The elderly are vulnerable to head injuries in falls, which can prove fatal,\" says Dr MC Misra, chief of AIIMS Trauma Centre, adding only 35-40% of orthopaedic injuries and fractures among them occur in road accidents.Doctors at the Centre say an equal number of orthopaedic injuries involving the elderly result from minor falls at home - while bathing or climbing stairs.More worrying than the initial injury is the slow course of recovery in people aged more than 60. Doctors say reduced activity and higher stress reduce life expectancy in patients bedridden by a hip fracture or spine injury.\"Elderly people are not able to recover quickly from injuries and fractures. They are bedridden for months, which leads to depression and worsening of other health issues like diabetes and infections,\" says Misra.Dr Yatinder Kharbanda, consultant with the orthopaedics department at Apollo Hospital, also says life expectancy in people who have suffered multiple fractures decreases significantly.However, houses are seldom designed keeping safety aspects in mind. The use of slippery floor tiles and even marble is quite common.Grab rails are not provided in bathrooms and the drainage is seldom perfect, so a dangerous film of water is left behind on the floor after use.A few simple design rules can bring down falling related injuries at home. For the elderly, especially, rooms should be well lit and not cluttered with wires and low furniture. Bathrooms should have grab rails running around, and the stairs, too, should have railings rather than plain walls.\"Constant monitoring of medical conditions like arthritis, impaired vision and hearing, and regular review of the dose of sedatives and psychotropic drugs is necessary,\" says Misra.A healthy diet and active lifestyle are also beneficial. Calcium- and vitamin D rich diets help ensure good bone health.\"Our body needs one gram of calcium every day. Often, our daily meal does not provide this. So, nutritious meals, particularly milk and milk products and supplements advised by a doctor, can be helpful,\" says Dr PK Dave, head of orthopaedics at Rockland Hospital.A recent study of bone health in people aged 50 years and above by AIIMS, Institute of Nuclear Medicine and Allied Sciences (INMAS) and Army Research and Referral Hospital showed that one in three elderly people had osteoporosis or dangerously low bone strength.\"We get many cases of young people - aged 40 to 50 years - complaining about pain in the legs and weakness in the muscles, which are symptoms of degenerating bone strength.Sedentary lifestyle, lack of exposure to sun, unhealthy food habits are some of the reasons for this. One should lead an active lifestyle and exercise for at least 30 minutes every day,\" says Dr Shuchee Madhusudan, specialist in endocrinology, Fortis C-Doc.While precautions help, nothing protects the elderly like direct supervision by the younger family members.Piyali Mitra, a 27-year-old school teacher, says, \"My mom lives with my 82-year-old grandmother, who can walk around and eat on her own. \"But my mom bathes her and usually helps her go to the bathroom to ensure she doesn't slip and fall. She had slipped and hurt herself once.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12141872", "title": "The last 100 years", "text": "The first International Women's Day (IWD) was because of a strike by women workers in New York in the textile industry in 1911. What is interesting about celebrating IWD today is that it is just as relevant as it was a 100 years ago. When you think of the issues to do with women at work, what has changed and what has not changed, a lot of the issues are the same. Those women were on strike because of dreadful working conditions, low wages, no security. These issues sound familiar all over the world even today.Women don't leave their gender behind when they enter the workforce. There is a lot of talk about juggling the work-life balance for both men and women. But for women it's the balance between work and their life as mothers and daughters that they have to do. Also, there are issues of reproductive rights, autonomy, control of their own fertility, access to maternity care, domestic violence, etc, which are still with us; issues of tension between certain religions and cultures, autonomy and right to self-determination.Due to globalisation over the last decade, more women have been drawn into the workforce to not only feed hungry markets for global consumer goods and products, but also women as consumers are essential to the ongoing accumulation. When we celebrate IWD, we realise we are not in a postfeminist era. We have to think of the women's struggle in the last 100 years, getting the vote, participation in politics and so on, not only the battles we have won but also the ongoing battles we have to struggle in order to win.(Excerpts from an interview to POLIS, University of Leeds)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12140409", "title": "Cops stop child marriage in Avadi", "text": "CHENNAI: Though the city boasts of women empowerment, child marriages still prevail in the city. A combined team from the social welfare department and the police managed to stop the marriage of a 16-year-old girl in Avadi on Sunday.When the child helpline received a call about the marriage, they informed the social welfare department. Tiruvallur district social welfare officer Ruth Vennila rushed to the spot and then informed the police. Vennila met sub-inspector M G Johnson Xavier and told him to stop the marriage or rescue the girl if it had already taken place. \"I along with Ruth Vennila and five others went to the hall and upon seeing us, the parents broke down. Luckily, the marriage had not yet taken place,\" said Xavier.When the officials asked the girl's parents why they were marrying off their daughter at such a young age, they said it was out of shame. \"The girl's elder sister, who is doing her graduation, was supposed to marry her uncle's son. The parents had printed invitation cards and distributed it to all their relatives and friends ,\" said Xavier.But, a couple of days before the marriage, she informed her parents about an affair she was having. \"The parents had already invited many people and they said they would have felt ashamed if the wedding did not take place. So, they decided to get the girl's sister married to the boy,\" said Xavier.The officials did not take any action and just warned the parents of stern action if they got their daughter married so young.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12140760", "title": "Five get jail for smuggling hashish", "text": "BELGAUM: Principal district and sessions judge M S Balakrishna, sentenced five persons to five years' rigorous imprisonment and Rs 10,000 penalty for each of them for their involvement in smuggling of hashish. The accused are Bikas Ravikumar Bahaddur, Rajkumar Bum Bahaddur and Sheila Dutepun from Nepal , Priyanka Kupersing from Uttar Pradesh and Arun Nagappa Desai from Madagaon in Goa. APMC police had arrested them under Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act, and recovered 2kg 600 gram hashish worth of Rs 26 lakh.3 mutka bookies arrestedKittur police arrested three mutka bookies at MK Hubli. Accused are - Harun Bapusab Sahibkhan, Buddesab Modinkhan Bhatkande and Mohammadali Bapusab Sahibkha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12139611", "title": "Care helps paralysed street dog bounce back", "text": "MUMBAI: Animal activist and founder of the NGO 'World For All - Animal Care &amp; Adoptions', Ruchi Nadkarni (24), is extremely glad that she did not heed to the medical advice of several veterinarians who had asked her to get a paralysed street dog euthanized as he could be cured of its unknown ailment.The male dog named Rambo, had suddenly become completely paralysed neck down on January 30, outside Ruchi's housing society in Jogeshwari.Even after administering glucose and some tonics to Rambo, there was no improvement. The vets I had referred Rambo to told me that he could be either suffering from a spinal chord dysfunction or a dumb form of deadly rabies,'' reminisced Ruchi, who was asked to put the dog to sleep or risk her own health to nurse it.After 26 days of painstaking home-treatment of the stray animal, Ruchi is more than happy that Rambo has actually started walking again.Rambo caught my eye the very first time I moved into this building complex. He had something strong and overpowering about his presence, with intense affection and expressions of happiness all together. Which is why I wanted to do everything to save it,'' said Ruchi, who is running WFA for the last three years.As Rambo did not show any other typical signs of being rabid, Ruchi realized that his condition was inexplicable but hopefully not incurable.Rambo would howl in pain for nights together, but my housing society secretary, Joy Valencia, was kind enough to allow me to take care of him there, covered in bedsheets and blankets,'' she informed.On the 12th day, he started being able to hold his head up, a sign of progress. His steely, fixed gaze at Ruchi suggested to her at Rambo was not willing to give up just yet.Meanwhile Ruchi started turning to every kind of treatment and help possible. I started having him listen to soothing music to make him feel better, in addition to requesting thousands of prayers across Facebook. I also called upon a Reiki expert. Rambo was also given infrared radiations and massages by me everyday,'' she said.On day 14 Rambo was taken to a vet by me to administer a treatment known as Faradic currents to stimulate his nerves.Rambo actually started crawling on Day 20, but he still had very limited sensation in his front paws and mainly pushed himself forward with his back paws.This is when Ruchi realized that he needed full time attention. So she moved out of her house with Rambo into a friend's apartment and started nursing him round-the-clock.This intense treatment of every form led to Rambo taking his first steps and being able to stand on the 26th Day and walking towards me. I had tears in my eyes and finally believed that both our tests were over,'' she said.Today Rambo is under intense physiotherapy, and is never going back to the streets again. I am looking for a forever home for Rambo that will love him just as I have for the rest of his life. Rambo seeks a loving home today and deserves one after the fight that he put up to survive everyday,'' she added.For adopting Rambo, contact 9820191321, or email at nadkarniruchi@gmail.comSome good news for cats tooThe NGO Animals Matter To Me (AMTM) is presently on a cat rescue drive.Since our inception in 2010, we have rescued, spayed or neutered over 327 cats,'' said Ganesh Nayak of AMTM. He added that 136 stray cats were also successfully adopted.Our goal is to help the feline community which right now is the most neglected in our society where in a lot of emphasis is only given to stray dogs by civic authorities and many organisations. Recently we have vaccinated 59 stray cats free of charge which was one of its kind clinic work ever done for stray cats in Mumbai,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12141702", "title": "Punters as anxious as candidates in state", "text": "PANAJI: Modern-day elections are an industry by itself; there is something in it for everyone.While candidates across the 40 assembly constituencies in Goa are spending sleepless nights, wondering whether there would be any returns on their massive investments, punters too are waiting to cash in on the available opportunities.Elections to the Goa legislative assembly which were held on Saturday are said to be the closest ever, but there are several punters who seem to know which horses to back. Massive bets are being wagered and, according to rough estimates, crores of rupees would change hands when the results are declared on Tuesday.\"There are no betting syndicates in Goa who would accept common bets (on election results). All bets that are being placed are between individuals or groups,\" said a bettor who makes a living by placing and accepting bets from football to bull fights.The buzz among bettors in Goa comes from the St Andre constituency where Congress candidate Francis Silveira is fighting to save his territory from falling prey to BJP's Vishnu Surya Wagh. According to one insider, the Silveira camp is confident of emerging victorious and is ready to place bets as high as 1.5 crore.\"The Silveira camp is offering 1:3 odds but only if the betting amount is 50 lakh,\" said one source.The opposition camp, though, not entirely convinced that Wagh can be a giant-killer believes the silent votes will help turn things around. \"We told the Silveira camp we are willing to bet that he will not get a lead of more than 500,\" said a punter from Goa Velha.Punters from across Goa are unified in their belief that Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco will be the run-away victor in Curtorim. No bets have been placed as of now even though some are willing to offer odds as high as 1:3 ( 3000 in return for every 1000 bet on the opposition).In Nuvem, said to be the toughest to predict, supporters of Aleixo Sequeira and Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, are locked in a no-holds-barred battle. For every bettor willing to stick his neck out and back Mickky-and these are mostly from his stronghold of Nuvem-there is an equal number queuing up with equal cash from elsewhere in the constituency, particularly Loutolim.Word in the open is that the ground beneath Churchill Alemao's feet is slipping away in Navelim, but the Navelim strongman is ready to put his money where his mouth is. The opposition-thanks to apparently rapid strikes taken by Avertano Furtado-is game to the challenge but only if the odds and subsequent returns are double, if not more.From P 1Ditto in Benaulim where Goa Vikas Party candidate, Caetano D'Silva's benefactors are ready with bags of cash to counter those who claim Valanka Alemao will have the last laugh.\"Till this morning, Valanka's supporters were offering double odds, but now betting has been stopped. They are not accepting any more bets,\" a source told TOI late on Sunday.In St Cruz, BJP candidate Dinar Tarcar has covered much ground despite being the last to start his campaign. The richest candidate, though, has been kept at arms length by bettors. The only betting activity that is noticeable is between rival camps, or rather gangs, who swear by Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate and Rodolfo Fernandes. Till election eve, at least Rs 20 lakh had been wagered-only between these two groups-and the winner would be regardless of what Tarcar, if at all, manages to achieve.Bets have already been placed and cash has been deposited in safe, trusted hands. It's going to be a nervous wait, and we are not speaking of the politicians alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12140799", "title": "Three arrested for murder", "text": "PUNE: The Bhor police on Sunday claimed to have solved the murder of a 32-year-person following the arrest of three suspects.Investigations have revealed that on February 11, the trio killed Shankar Gopal Mhaske who hailed from Satara suspecting that he had stolen one of the suspect's footwear from a liquor shop in Bhor.Acting on a tip-off, the Bhor police team led by assistant police inspector A H Chormale laid a trap and nabbed the suspects, Dinkar Dhekane (62), Sadanand Deshpande (58) and Maruti Sutar (50), from Bhoreshwarnagar in Bhor.Chormale said that on February 11, Prabhakar Taru of Bhor informed the police that a body was lying near his farm. \"When we reached the spot, we found that the victim had been assaulted with sharp weapons and then bludgeoned to death with a big stone,\" he said. The police ascertained the identity of Mhaske with the help of a doctor's prescription found on his person. \"Mhaske was working as a waiter in a restaurant near Bhor,\" Chormale said.The police did not have any clue about the suspects. They questioned several persons in the area, but in vain. \"On Friday, one of our constables received a tip-off that Dinkar Dhekane, a wood-cutter had not left his house for work since the day of the incident,\" Chormale said.The police also found that Dhekane and Mhaske were known to each other. \"On Saturday we brought Dhekane for questioning to the police station. During interrogation he revealed his involvement in the murder and also revealed the name of the other two suspects,\" Chormale said.Investigations revealed that on February 11, Dhekane, Deshpande and Sutar had gone to a liquor shop. Mhaske, who was in the shop allegedly stole Dhekane's footwear. The trio chased and nabbed him. \"They severely thrashed him on the road and then took him near Taru's farm. Dhekane assaulted Mhaske with sharp weapon and then Deshpande bludgeoned him to death with a big stone,\" Chormale said.The investigating team comprises constables Balu Bandal, Pravin Takone, Ganesh Dabhade, Sursh Pawar, Deepak Awale and Sandip Shinde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144161", "title": "Triveni Mahotsav to get further postponed", "text": "Sangam city's biggest cultural extravaganza, which got quite delayed due to elections this year, is all set to get further postponed as neither the venue is ready so far, nor the artists have been finalized.\"We had earlier decided to host the function on the 12th of March but in the wake of counting for the state election and the holi right after that, it was not feasible to organize this fest just after that, so we had shifted the date to 16th March. But since none of the artists is finalized so far, it seems, it will get delayed further,\" informed one of the senior members of the organizing committee, Vinod Chandra Dubey.The names of Singer Shanker Mahadevan, Mohit Chauhan, bhajan artist Prem Prakash Dubey and many other celebs have been doing the rounds for quite some time but there has not been any consensus so far. This function used to happen during the last week of Feb every year but got delayed as the elections in the state were going on during that period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12139919", "title": "Ex-CM Vilasrao favoured HC judges\u2019 societies: Plea in SC", "text": "MUMBAI: A transfer petition filed in the Supreme Court has alleged that former Maharashtra chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh misused his powers to change the reservation of two plots in Bandra (East) in favour of two private housing societies of Bombay High Court judges.Several retired and sitting judges, including Chief Justice J N Patel of Calcutta High Court and SC judge Justice R M Lodha, are members of these societies.The petition filed by activist Nitin Deshpande has alleged that while reservation for \"dishoused'' was deleted in favour of Nyay Sagar Cooperative Housing Society , the reservation for \"court building, staff quarters, judges quarters'' was deleted in favour of Siddhant Cooperative Housing Society.Deshpande has urged that the petition be transferred to any other high court, preferably the Delhi HC, or even the SC, if the court \"feels it necessary to hear it in the interest of justice''.Deshpande's petition states that the Nyay Sagar plot was reserved for 'dishoused' persons. On August 12, 2002, then sitting HC judge Justice F I Rebello (retired CJ of Allahabad HC), as its chief promoter, wrote on his official letterhead to Deshmukh indicating three survey numbers.The petition says Deshmukh \"promptly acted on the said letter\" and replied on August 27, 2002 and marked a copy to the principal secretary, revenue department. Thereafter, the machinery moved to change the reservation of plot marked for \"dishoused'' in favour of Nyay Sagar.Next, Siddhant CHS was floated and its promoter, then acting chief Justice V G Palshikar , wrote to Deshmukh on February 2, 2007 for land. The plot reserved for \"court building/staff quarter/judges quarters'' was granted to Siddhant by Deshmukh \"by making undue favour and by illegally granting a plot reserved for subordinate judiciary''. The land was given at rates cheaper than the market, the petition states.The petition says most judges are not staying in these flats and have leased them out to commercial institutions. It has annexed six copies of leave-and-licence agreements obtained through the Right to Information Act. Deshpande says that as most of the judges are connected with these societies, he will not get justice in the Bombay High Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12140439", "title": "Metropolitan Transport Corporation to set up 15 more depots", "text": "CHENNAI: Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) is planning to increase the number of depots to 40 from the current 25 in the next three years and officials hope that it will lead to improved management and operation of their fleet.The transport minister has agreed in principle, said a MTC official. \"We are looking to get some money from MLAs and several of them have come forward to help,\" said an official. The MTC has identified seven of the 15 locations.They are Padinallur near Red Hills, Thiruverkadu, NGO Colony in Alapakkam, Besant Nagar, Kannagi Nagar, Kunrathur and Velachery.\"The Velachery depot will be a satellite bus stand where both city and mofussil buses come, just like CMBT in Koyambedu,\" he said.For commuters, this move could not only mean frequent and better services, but also better timings and maintenance of the buses.V Varadharajan, a commuter who travels to the Madras high court regularly, said, \"Staying in Gerugambakkam, the closest depot is Iyyapathangal. All the buses are full by the time I reach there. Now if there is depot in Kunrathur, I can board an empty bus. I hope that this addresses the problems of frequency and poor timings.\"The primary reason behind the idea to have more depots was to reduce the number of buses under each branch manager. \"Ideally, each branch manager should have only about 70 to 100 buses under him. But except for those in Basin Bridge, Tondiarpet-II and Saidapet, all others have more than 100 buses,\" said a senior MTC official.The Pattabiram Committee in 1991 suggested that there should be only 70 buses under one person for better maintenance. \"We did try by having two branch managers in one depot. But it was a failed model as there were ego clashes between branch managers. It was quickly dropped,\" said an MTC official.As per the new plan, to avoid such clashes, separate depots have been planned. \"This will help the managers coordinate better with their staff. This automatically improves services in all aspects,\" a senior official said.The bifurcation of work will lead to better interaction with drivers and conductors, say branch managers. \"We have been maintaining buses for years now. But having more managers is a welcome move as there will be a sense of goodwill among our staff,\" said the branch manager of Anna Nagar, one of the biggest depots in the city with 207 buses.Tambaram, Vadapalani, K K Nagar are amongst the biggest depots in the city.In 1972, the MTC (earlier known as Pallavan Transport Corporation) started out with just eight depots with 1,029 buses, serving 12 lakh passengers per day. Now, the MTC has 25 depots with over 3,400 buses and serving 50.65 lakh passengers everyday. The number of routes went up to 732 from 176 in 1972 and the number of employees is now over 22,000. It was 12,000 in 1972.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12140151", "title": "Mystery shrouds death of 2 women", "text": "VARANASI: Two women died under mysterious circumstances in Jaunpur district on Saturday night. Sunita (28), wife of Sonu, fell from the roof of her house in Mathia village under Jalalpur police station limits on Saturday night. On receiving information of the incident, her parents reached the incident site and alleged that Sunita was thrown off from the roof.They said that even after several years of marriage, Sunita had not borne any child due to which her husband and in-laws were trying to get rid of her in order to arrange second marriage of Sonu.In another incident, Geeta (21), a native of Usrauli village under Khutahan police station limits died under mysterious condition at a local hospital. Noticing sharp deterioration in the health condition of Geeta, her in-laws rushed her to a local hospital where she died. But when her parents reached the hospital, they noticed strangulation marks on her throat. Geeta's husband and in-laws fled the scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12146525", "title": "David Guetta passes sold out", "text": "Passes for the Grammy award-winning artiste and producer DJ David Guetta concerts being held as part of the second edition of Eristoff Invasion, have almost been sold out much before the concert dates.Close to 8,000 to 10,000 fans are expected at the three gig venues respectively - New Delhi at Huda Grounds on March 9, Pune at Amanora Park Town on March 10 and Bangalore at Palace Grounds on March 11, for the concerts.Owing to the French DJ's immense popularity in India, passes sold like hot cakes across the country including in cities like Mumbai, Chandigarh, Kolkata, Hyderabad, Chennai etc. apart from New Delhi, Pune and Bangalore.Speaking on VIP passes being sold out as many as five days before the concerts, Vijay Nair, CEO, Only Much Louder, said, \"All VIP tickets in all three cities have been sold out. The general tickets in Pune are also sold out, with under 1,000 tickets remaining in Delhi and a few left in Bangalore as well. We're fairly sure that Eristoff Invasion will sell out before the festival this week, and it's great that all of Guetta's fans in the country are coming for his first Indian tour.\"With several thousand fans converging at the gigs in three cities, organizers inform they have the necessary mechanism in place to make the experience a hassle free one for Guetta fans. \"We have always communicated that this is a capacity festival and we will be sticking to the same to ensure the fans have a smooth experience and to avoid any sort of overcrowding\", informs Vijay Nair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12140426", "title": "Cops see no remorse in killer paedophile", "text": "THANE: Bharat Singh Rathod, arrested for allegedly raping and killing his 12-year-old neighbour in Diva, has shown little remorse so far, said the police.The investigators have learnt that the 27-year-old accused had a strained relationship with his wife.At the time of the crime, Rathod's wife was not living with him and he had been residing alone in his rented flat on the first-floor of the Dhanraj Residency. Rathod's wife has gone to their native place in Burhanpur, MP. According to the police, Rathod's divorce proceedings are underway.Rathod has been remanded in police custody till March 10. Police recovered the girl's clothes and her schoolbag from Rathod's flat after they broke open his door on suspicion as she was last seen talking to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12139868", "title": "Forest department to get more funds to tackle fires", "text": "AMRAVATI: Forest fires are a raging concern in Melghat region. Recently a fire broke out in Gugamal national park which took the number of such incidents to 29 in the 1459-hectare Melghat region. Despite the spurt in such cases in just two months conservationists feel that the new government resolution released in October last year will help curb the menace.According to the GR, 25% of the total fund will be diverted to forest fires - to create mechanisms to help prevent such incidents. From this year joint forest management committees (JFMC) and eco development committees (EDC) would get funds for developing preventive mechanisms in the village. They will spend the fund for various activities of forest development.Every year the forest department takes measures to prevent the fires. But, due to the lack of funds, staff and vehicles, they are unable to control it. As field director of Melghat Tiger Project AK Mishra elucidated, \"We have no extra staff for fire protection. We carve fire protection squads every year from the existing staff to check the forest fires in Melghat. Also we don't have sufficient vehicles to tackle such scenario.\"But conservationists feel that if sufficient funds are available constructive steps can be taken. President of Satpuda Foundation Kishor Rithe said, \"Considering the increasing forest fires, especially in summer, the state government has given special provision to JFMC and EDC to develop preventive mechanisms in the village. The GR would definitely help to curb fire incidents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12140341", "title": "70-year-old held for harassing girl", "text": "CHENNAI: A 70-year old manager of a temple in Madipakkam was arrested allegedly for harassing a 12-year-old girl on Sunday. He was arrested based on a complaint from Maheshwari, a maid in the temple. Maheshwari cleans puja items in the temple and cooks for the manager.On Saturday, she was not well and sent her 12-year-old daughter for work. The girl returned home and told Maheshwari that Krishnamurthy had harassed her physically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12139152", "title": "Naranpura cop awarded for bravery", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A newly-recruited police sub-inspector Jignesh Agrawat posted at Naranpura police station was rewarded Rs 3,000 cash prize by senior city police officials on Thursday for foiling a chain snatching incident on February 13.Naranpura police said, two youths attempted to snatch the chain of Meena Bharwad near Vadaj when she was returning from a wedding. While onlookers foiled the attempt and arrested one of the youths, another managed to flee from the spot.Jignesh Agrawat, a sub-inspector with Naranpura police station, was going home when he stopped to inquire what the ruckus was about.\"The other youth had fled towards nearby slums in Thakorvaas. When I realized that it would not be possible to catch him on bike, I abandoned it at a side of the road and started chasing him. After 10 minutes, I managed to nab Pravin Waghela,\" recounted Agrawat.While Waghela is a PASA convict, Mahesh Thakor, his accomplice was wanted in more than five cases. Agrawat was awarded by JCP Ajay Tomar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kollam (kerala)", "code": "12149252", "title": "Fishermen's killing: Italian naval guards sent to jail", "text": "KOLLAM (Kerala): Two Italian naval guards charged with murder in connection with the killing of two Indian fishermen, were today remanded in judicial custody for 14 days by a court here and sent to the Central Prison at Thiruvananthapuram.The naval guards, Latore Massimiliano and Salvatore Girone, were produced before Chief Judicial Magistrate A K Gopakumar as their police custody ended this afternoon.The court turned down their plea that they should be given all privileges in prison enjoyed by military officials as Italian government still considered them as military officials.The Magistrate said that under Indian law, there was no provision to accord such special privilege.The court, however, directed the prison authorities not to lodge them along with other prisoners and to provide them medical facilities.They should also be allowed to interact with Italian visitors one hour every day between 10 am and 1 pm.On their plea that they be given special accommodation outside the prison, the Magistrate said it was not within the purview of the court to consider.However, the court said if the ADGP (Prison) thought it necessary, he could take a decision after consulting the state government and taking into account the security aspects.The court permitted the prosecution's request to seek the services of the experts of the Mercantile Marine Department to inspect the electronic equipment on the ship Enrica Lexie from which the fishermen were fired at while they were fishing in a boat along with nine others.The court asked prison authorities to arrange for Italian food for the marines during their stay in prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12140517", "title": "Scriptwriting course at FTII to be extended to three years", "text": "PUNE: The course on scriptwriting, the only year-long full-time, non-subsidised course at the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII), will be converted into three-year, subsidised course, like the other courses at the institute, from 2013.\"With rising demand in terms of annual applications, this course, too, shall be turned into a three-year course. We will include a foundation year and invite more industry professionals to mentor the students. Once this becomes a three-year course, it will automatically go into the subsidised category,\" said course coordinator and renowned scriptwriter Anjum Rajabali.Since its inception in 2004, the course has had seven batches, with total 84 students. \"The course seems to have acquired acceptance and appeal with every passing year. In 2004, we had 48 applicants for 12 seats. Last year, the number was 175. Interest in learning this craft has been increasing rapidly and this is heartening. We need more talent from different parts of India to come into this profession. Since the course is not run by career teachers, so to say, we also learn as we gather more experience and insights in our work and it finds its way into our teaching methods,\" Rajabali said.In the last six years, the course alumni have had 18 credits on the screen, including, films like Shaitan, Rock On, Mi Shivajiraje Bhosale Boltoy, De Dhakka, Taryanche Bait and several television shows and serials. \"Many more are already in the pipeline,\" Rajabali said.On the proposed upgradation, DJ Narain, director of the institute, said, \"The syllabus review committee would deliberate on fine-tuning the content for all existing courses and the idea is also to introduce a foundation semester for each full-time course at FTII.\"As a result, 2012-13 will be the last year of the one-year screenplay writing course, Rajabali said. \"Having a foundation year for every specialisation is undoubtedly a very desirable, if not essential, idea. On the other hand, it is also true that many aspirants may not be able to devote three years to a screenwriting course. They will now have to learn on their own or seek other means to help them. We will be including two bigger assignments for them, like writing an adapted screenplay. Being the head of screenplay writing, I have to oversee the syllabus revision as well as every other aspect of the course.\"While designing the course eight years ago, Rajabali had undertaken a rather rigorous process taking inputs from colleagues in the profession. \"I think the basic approach and content was pretty substantial and relevant. That hasn't changed significantly. However, the syllabus, especially the reference material, is updated regularly. Moreover, we bring in a lot of guest lecturers from the profession and their updated experience serves as invaluable inputs for learning,\" he said.More importantly, the students' protests at the FTII against the institute's privatisation raised the issue of subsidised as well as non-subsidised courses becoming costlier. \"But the screenplay writing course, even with its non-subsidised economics, began with a tuition fee of Rs 50,000, which went up to Rs 85,000 in the last couple of years. By no yardstick can anyone term this costly or unaffordable,\" Rajabali said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12140893", "title": "Kerala Cabinet to decide on Vizhinjam port by next week", "text": "KOCHI: Following the evaluation of the technical bid for port operator in Phase I of the Vizhinjam greenfield seaport being completed, a final decision by the Kerala Cabinet is awaited before March 15, said Suresh Babu, managing director of Vizhinjam International Seaport Ltd (VISL), a special purpose company set up for implementing the project.A consortium comprising Welspun Infratech, Welspun Corp and Australia-based Leighton Engineering Holdings had emerged as lone bidder for Phase I of the Vizhinjam project. An evaluation committee led by the Kerala chief secretary submitted its report last month on the consortium's bid.The consortium's bid to be port operator for the first 30 years, is likely to come up for approval before the Kerala Cabinet this week, and Babu said a decision could be expected before March 15.Envisaged as an international deepwater multipurpose port, the Vizhinjam project is expected to be developed at an estimated Rs 8,000 crore, which includes investments by the port operator, and spread over three phases between fiscal 2014 and 2044.\"All other preparatory studies, including the Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) report by the Union Environment Ministry, have either been completed or are in advanced stages of completion. The EIA is being done for over a year and we expect it to be submitted in July,\" Suresh Babu said.In its bid, the Welspun Infratech-led consortium proposed to invest Rs 970 crore as its share towards the port's infrastructure, while the government's share of the operating expenses will be a grant of Rs 480 crore over 16 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "former law minister mc nanaiah feels lawyers shouldn't stay away from courts and that the chief justice and high court judges could suggest other ways to register grievances. excerpts from an interview", "code": "12139490", "title": "Chief justice, judges must intervene: Nanaiah", "text": "Former law minister MC Nanaiah feels lawyers shouldn't stay away from courts and that the chief justice and high court judges could suggest other ways to register grievances. Excerpts from an interview:What is your view on the lawyers' move to abstain from court proceedings?Boycott of court can be considered professional misconduct. It can be challenged in a court of law. Clients will suffer and the dignity and decorum of the legal profession will only reduce, especially after having nosedived in the last few days. The matter is serious enough for the chief justice and high court judges to intervene and hold a meeting with the government and lawyers and thrash out an amicable solution, especially one that favours citizens. I suggest the chief justice come up with guidelines on how lawyers should register their grievances.What are the consequences of a stretched boycott?If this trend continues, a point may come when courts will dismiss all the cases. No one will benefit - not citizens, not the judiciary, not the government. What will definitely happen is loss of credibility of the legal profession.What can and should the Karnataka Bar Council do?The first thing is to restore credibility and dignity of the legal profession and faith of the people in advocates. Under the India Bar Council Act, the council has statutory powers to suspend and revoke licences in the context of misconduct by lawyers. The fear of being thrown out of the council and, therefore, the profession will prevent certain sections from indulging in criminal activity.The impression is advocates enjoy certain legal immunity.The rule of law has to be applied to anyone who has violated the law, including lawyers. In simple terms, cases against lawyers registered by police have to follow their logical conclusion. I am only suggesting that there is a section that seems to be bringing the entire community into disrepute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12141722", "title": "Women studies or studying women", "text": "As I write about the educational/career prospects for students opting for a degree in Women's Studies, I turn the spotlight on to the entry of Women's Studies in the university system, its purpose and potential. Women's Studies - an interdisciplinary area of study within the framework of liberal arts courses - is an exciting new area of study that opens possibilities for research innovations and field action. It takes a fresh look at the accepted theories, research paradigms and socio-economic and political realities from women's perspectives. It recognises that gender, like other social markers of caste/class and ethnicity defines human lived experiences. Gender is, therefore, an important category to examine socioeconomic, cultural and political institutions/processes.Women's Studies grew out of women's participation in the people's movements that emerged in the 1960s and 1970s across the world. Women recognised that rights/entitlements are gendered. Meanwhile, women in the academia questioned the failure of the existing theoretical frames to accommodate women's experiences and contributions in their analysis.Women Studies in AcademiaThe SNDT Women's University pioneered the entry of Women's Studies into the Indian university system. The university, established in 1916, aimed at the establishment of gender equality through education. It established the Research Centre for Women's Studies (RCWS) in 1974 to undertake research, teaching, documentation, publication and community outreach activities aimed at gender equity. The RCWS soon became the model adopted by the University Grants Commission, New Delhi, for the development of Women's Studies centres within Indian universities.Apart from policy, theoretical and field action research, the RCWS has contributed significantly to the publication of teachinglearning materials and the training of college/university teachers in Women's Studies. It conducts a postgraduate certificate and PhD courses in Women's Studies and will initiate an MA course in the coming academic year.Women's Studies teaching programmes have developed only in the past five to seven years. Until recently, there was a debate whether this newly emergent area of study should be taught as a separate discipline or if it should become an integral part of other disciplines. However, in response to student demand, universities across the country have introduced both undergraduate and postgraduate courses in Women's Studies. Despite variations, many of the courses on Women's Studies offered by Indian universities have certain common units of study. These include: feminism, feminist research methods, women's movement and participation in the larger socio-political process, women's writings, sexuality, family and kinship, legal status of women, issues of violence, citizenship, communalism, etc. Encoded in these courses is a critique of the gender-blindness of mainstream theories. Women Studies or Gender Studies? Another contentious debate has been the nomenclature of the discipline - should it be called Women's Studies or by a more inclusive terminology of Gender Studies? The argument for calling the discipline 'Women's Studies' is from the recognition that the discipline enquires into women's lived experiences and privilege women's voices. In contrast, the argument for terming the discipline 'Gender Studies' is because it is a more inclusive term, accommodating men, masculinity and other sexual minorities. These differences, however, do not change the theoretical frames of the discipline.Indian scholars have produced some of the most exciting and innovative research in Women's Studies. The many Women's Studies courses offered in the Indian university system are located in the ground realities of Indian and other Third World countries. A student opting for Women's Studies in India will not lose out on the intellectual excitement. The job opportunities for students of Women's Studies are similar to those that are available to students with a liberal arts degree. Additionally, there are openings in research and development agencies as well as NGOs.DID YOU KNOW?Why Women's DayThe history of International Women's Day (IWD) dates back to 1910 internationally and, in Australia, to 1928. But socialist women in the United States organised the first national Women's Day in 1908 and helped inspire the international event. The day has been variously seen as a time for asserting women's political and social rights, for reviewing the progress that women have made, or as a day for celebration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12139551", "title": "Homemaker hangs herself over illness", "text": "BANGALORE: Depressed over prolonged illness, a 30-year-old homemaker allegedly committed suicide in her house at Garvebavi Palya, Madiwala, late on Saturday evening.Police, however, didn't find any suicide note.Madiwala police said Chitra Nandish's husband, a sheep merchant, had gone out with his children.When he returned home in the evening, he found the door locked. With neighbours' help, he broke open the door to find Chitra hanging from the ceiling.Police said Chitra was suffering from a chronic disease and was undergoing treatment at various hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12148388", "title": "Wipro bets big on cloud and mobility solutions", "text": "NEW DELHI: IT major Wipro is betting big on areas like cloud, analytics and mobility solutions to boost its business in the domestic market here, a top company official said.\"Over this financial year, especially in the last six months that is between July and December, we are seeing a gentle slowdown in overall procurement...\"Moving head, we believe that as we get into the next year, we would see services market growth in India of around 15 per cent,\" Wipro Senior Vice President and Business Head (India, Middle East and Africa) Anand Sankaran said.Sankaran added that the Indian IT market can be pegged at about $25 billion, of which IT services would account for about $8-10 billion and the balance being products.The company is braced up to counter the slowdown in demand by focusing on 3-4 areas, he said.\"Our focus is providing beyond the IT services that a company requires. We have been working on creating competency around 3-4 areas like variabalisation of IT, which becomes exceedingly important in a constrained world. Then there is cloud, mobility and analytics that we are focusing on,\" he added.He said while IT services have grown at a fast pace in the region of 20-22 per cent in the last nine months y-o-y, there will be an impact of the delayed decision making by corporates and government, especially on the IT products side.\"Services still growing at a fast pace...whereas the products business has slowed down. A lot of the large products and discretionary spending across market segments have been pulled back whether it is government, banking, corporates etc,\" he said.Sankaran added that while services market growth in India could be around 15 per cent, the product market growth would be much lower, \"probably high single digit or just about touching double digit growth\".He said customers are looking at cloud and mobility solutions to enhance their productivity.\"Mobility and cloud have become important focus areas for most industry segments and so we have been working on a lot on these areas,\" he added.Citing an example, Sankaran said that a year ago, the company had less than 150 people working on mobility solutions, the number now stands at over 1,500.\"Analytics is another area. The focus is not just analysing details but how that can be put to use to increase the performance of business,\" he said.Wipro's IT services revenue stood at $1.5 billion in Q3 FY'12, posting a year-on-year increase of 12 per cent. IT services constitute 76 per cent of the company's revenue.IT Products revenue, on the other hand, grew two per cent year-on-year to $170 million and accounted for nine per cent of the total revenue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12149442", "title": "Non-bailable warrants issued against B S Yeddyurappa, family in land denotification cases", "text": "BANGALORE: The Lokayukta Special Court Judge N K Sudhindra Rao ordered issue of non-bailable warrants against former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa, his family members and a former minister in two illegal land denotification cases filed by advocate Sirajin Basha last year.Besides Yedyurappa, his two sons B Y Raghavendra, B Y Vjayendra, son-in-law R N Sohan Kumar and former housing minister Es En Krisshnaiah Setty were issued non-bailable warrant and directed the accused to appear without fail on March 24.The Court issued the NBWs after accused failed to appear in court in the last three occasions for the trial that was scheduled to begin last month itself. Sirajin Basha has field a total of five private complaints against Yeddyurappa and his family members.However, the other accused in the case including benamidars of Yeddyurappa were present in the court. The case pertains to illegal denotifcation of government land in various parts of Bangalore City. In one of the cases, the former CM faced imprisonment and released on bail after serving 24 days in jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12141059", "title": "City's international schools may opt for CBSE-I syllabus", "text": "HYDERABAD: Many of the over dozen international schools in the city may opt for the newly introduced CBSE-I (International curriculum) from the next academic year. While the most popular syllabus among the city's international schools is IB or International Baccalaureate, followed by the Cambridge syllabus, however, many top schools in the city are now planning to step into the international school league by opting for the CBSE International curriculum.Drafted by Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) and National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT), the new syllabus will have all elements of the usual CBSE syllabus with additional sections in history and math. Even the mode of teaching and classroom exercises will mimic international curricula like that of IB. CBSE, which introduced the syllabus on an experimental basis two years ago, has in fact written to some of the schools in the city asking whether they would be interested in changing the curricula.School principals who have got the intimation said that they are likely to introduce the same from the next academic year, 2012-13. \"CBSE-I curriculum has proved to be quite successful in countries abroad. In India, many parents who like to give international education to their children, even while sticking to the general CBSE curriculum, might be interested in it,\" said Usha Reddy, principal, Meridian School, Banjara Hills. Meridian is the first school to give its consent to CBSE-I syllabus in the city.In fact, some of the schools which are planning to adopt the syllabus prefer it over the other popular international boards like IB. \"The syllabus retains the regular CBSE standards and suites Indian students more than IB. Also, brand CBSE has better rating compared to other boards in the country and this is expected to draw more students for this syllabus,\" said a principal who is currently examining the syllabus to implement it in the coming academic year. Schools believe that once they start a CBSE international division they will be able to attract more children to their schools.International CBSE syllabus also gives students an edge in the competitive examinations. \"Questions in most of the competitive examinations in the country are based on the CBSE syllabus. So, for them international syllabi is a better option compared to other curricula,\" saidThe CBSE-I course was introduced in the academic year 2010-11 had gained popularity among CBSE schools in countries other than India. Some of the countries that adopted the syllabus in the past two years include Dubai , Qatar , Muscat and Singapore .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12145684", "title": "Earthquake jolts Delhi, adjoining areas; no casualties reported", "text": "NEW DELHI: An earthquake of medium intensity jolted Delhi and its satellite towns on Monday afternoon, pulling panic-stricken people out of their homes and offices.The tremors, measuring 4.9 on the Richter scale with Haryana's Bahadurgarh as epicentre, were felt across Delhi and its adjoining satellite towns of Ghaziabad and Noida in Uttar Pradesh at a 1:11pm, the MeT office said.However, according to the US Geological Survey , the strength of the earthquake was measured 5.2 on the Richter scale.The quake took place 9km below the surface. The tremors were felt for less than ten seconds.\"The intensity was 4.9 and the epicentre was Bahadurgarh, Delhi-Haryana Border,\" a senior MeT official said.There were no immediate reports of any casualty. The fire brigade and police said they have not received any immediate calls of casualty or damage.According to the Seismic Zone Mapping done by the Geological Survey of India (GSI), Delhi is among 30 cities in the country falling in zone IV, which is defined as a severe intensity seismic zone.This is the third tremor in Delhi, which is among the 30 cities which fall in the high risk seismic zone, since September last year.Tremors were felt in the capital on September 18 last year following an earthquake with an intensity of 6.8 on the Richter scale having its epicentre near Sikkim-Nepal border.On September eight last year, an earthquake of 4.2 on Richter scale with Haryana's Sonepat as epicentre, had rocked the capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12141090", "title": "Physically challenged persons to stage protest today", "text": "MANGALORE: Members of Dakshina Kannada District Handicapped Association and Dakshina Kannada District Handicapped Federation will stage a dharna in front of the deputy commissioner's office here on March 5 demanding the state government rectify the irregularities in the distribution of pension to physically-challenged persons.Association's district president Dinesh Shetty said that the government had not disbursed pension to thousands of physically-challenged persons in the state for the past one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "12146903", "title": "Uttarakhand polls: Setback for BJP as EC receives only 30% postal ballots", "text": "DEHRADUN: In what appeared to be a setback for BJP in Uttarakhand, the Election Commission on Monday said it has received less than 30 per cent of the postal ballots on which the ruling party is pinning its hopes.\"Till date, we have received just over 29,000 postal ballots out of the total one lakh ballots meant for the services\", said the state chief electoral officer, Radha Raturi.Raturi said a whopping 26,000 postal ballots have been rendered undelivered so far. Out of the 26,000 undelivered postal ballots, only 8 to 10 postal ballots could be redirected, she said.\"There is very less chance that we will get a healthy percentage of postal ballots since only few hours are left for the counting,\" she said.The BJP, which has asked the Election Commission to probe into the lapses occurred into the undelivery of postal ballots, has been pinning its hopes on getting a healthy percentage of postal ballots in its favour.Significantly, the Election Commission had put the onus on the Army for the large number of undelivered postal ballots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12141930", "title": "No action against Singh unless proven guilty: BJP", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has come out in support of its MLA and vice- president Dhruv Narayan Singh on Sunday saying that unless proven guilty, no action would be taken against the MLA, who has been under the CBI scanner in connection with the murder case of RTI activist Shehla Masood.Addressing the media here, BJP state president Prabhat Jha said that anybody could be inquired in any case.\"The MLA is being inquired and unless proven guilty, he cannot be held a party to the crime,\" said Jha ruling out the possibility of action against the legislator. \"I had asked the MLA categorically whether he was involved in the murder, and he said no,\" claimed the state BJP chief.About his recent picture with one of the Shehla murder accused, Shaquib Danger, published in a newspaper, the BJP leader denied to have any connection with the accused. \"In a democracy, it is difficult to prevent anybody from wishing to be clicked pictures with you and to identify credentials of every second person is quite difficult,\" said Jha. As regards the role of CBI, the BJP leader has refused to make any comment on the investigating agency.On the allegations against the former spokesperson of Congress K K Mishra that he has been accepting Rs 1 lakh from the chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan every month as Misa pension, the BJP leader said that the Congress failed to keep its flock together and was blaming the ruling party.On the delay in appointing the chairman of IDA, Jha admitted his fault for delay.Referring to the incident in which a minister and MLAs had to accompany the people to get an FIR lodged, the BJP leader welcomed the move.\"Police stations are meant for everybody, and I personally welcome the decision of minister and MLA if they had to go to police station to get an FIR lodged in support of the people,\" he said.The minister for health, Mahendra Hardia, and MLA Sudarshan Gupta had to walk up to the police station get an FIR lodged following complaints of police inaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12140298", "title": "Hospitals say they will sack striking nurses", "text": "CHENNAI: As the protest by nurses entered the fourth day on Sunday, private hospitals resorted to drastic measures, threatening the nurses with termination orders and attempting to evict them from hostels. The hospitals reportedly disconnected electricity and water supply to the nurses' hostels.While hospital officials said nurses were continuing their stir even after issues had been settled, a coordination of nurses from leading hospitals said they would accept assurances from the hospitals only in the form of a written agreement to the labour department.The district labour commissioner on Sunday called for a meeting of representatives of hospitals and nurses of three major hospitals to discuss wages and other contentious issues.But there was chaos at the hostels where the protesting nurses are accommodated on Sunday evening. A team of hospital representatives and two unidentified men reportedly entered one of the hostels, at Teynampet, and forced them to sign certain forms.\"The hospital officials asked us to either resign or sign an apology,\" a nurse told TOI. \"The men who accompanied then took photographs of us with their cellphones. We had to grab their phones and delete the pictures\" she said.When contacted, a senior spokeperson of one of the hospitals confirmed that notices were being issued to proetsting nurses prior to serving them termination orders. A hospital reportedly flew nurses to the city from Delhi and agreed to pay them Rs 2,000 per day.A group of nurses of another top hospital approached the Neelankarai police on Sunday after they were given a Sunday night deadline to vacate their hostels. \"Police officers asked us to stay in the hostel tonight even if the hospital officials sends people to evict us,\" one nurse said.A group of doctors on Sunday declared support for the protest by nursing staff. Tamil Nadu Doctor's Association for Social Equality general secretary G R Raveendranath said the nurses have a genuine demand. \"The government should intervene and their demands should be accepted to prevent trouble for patients,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12140292", "title": "Lack of awareness hits women\u2019s blood donation", "text": "MUMBAI: Abysmal turnout in a blood donation camp organized by the city's Aids control body on Sunday has thrown light on how awareness among women donors remain negligible in the city.Mumbai District Aids Control Society's camps in Bhandup and Mulund recorded just about 20 women donors. The drive was open only to women blood donors, and the donations were also meant for women. Additional project director of MDACS Dr Harish Pathak said the low turnout was mainly because of low awareness. \"Also, many had to be sent back as their haemoglobin counts were much less than the permissible level (12 g/deciliter),\" he said.But, experts say, women donors cannot not be written off by the records of one-off camps as their number has surely been increasing. Pathak pegs the percentage of women donors at about 10-15% for Mumbai and around 4-6% in the state. \"Till date, Mumbai remains one of the top cities where most number of women donate blood,\" said a government official. Cities like Chandigarh and Ahmedabad have the woman donor percentage of 20% and 8%.But compared to countries like Thailand where the figure is as high as 40%, the city falls way behind. \"The increase in women donors in the state and city is commendable but it has a lot of scope for improvement,\" the official added. An earlier study showed that while youth comprise 95% of donors in voluntary donation camps, about 50-56% of the blood is utilized for female patients.A gynaecologist of KEM hospital, however, said menstruating women lose about 80ml of blood every month.\"It is laudable if they are donating despite health problems like anaemia and iron deficiency,\" the doctor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12145874", "title": "Rana Daggubati to balance B'wood and Telugu cinema", "text": "As he gears up for his next Hindi release \"Department\", actor Rana Daggubati says he wants to concentrate on his Bollywood career without overlooking Telugu cinema.The 27-year-old debuted in Bollywood alongside Bipasha Basu and Abhishek Bachchan in 2011 film \"DMD\". His next, a cop drama, has been directed by Ram Gopal Varma and is expected to hit screens in May.\"I am very happy that I have been accepted. It is great to be noticed in the big ocean of Hindi films. I see so many newcomers coming everyday, they shine once and go away. Thankfully, it did not happen to me. I immediately got a bigger film 'Department' which is an action film, a genre which I like very much,\" Rana told PTI.The actor, who plays a cop in the film, says it was a difficult role to play because the character demanded a lot of subtlety.\"My character's name is Shiv Narayan in the film. Every word and every gesture that he has is very controlled. It is extremely intense. It is a completely clean and white character.\"Meanwhile, Rana who started his career with Telugu film \"Leader\" in 2010, is awaiting the release of his next film down South.\"I have not really moved away from Telugu. I have been constantly doing films. My next film \" Naa Ishtam\" with Genelia is out for release in the last week of March. It is a love story of a selfish man. There are only two truths in the world one is selfishness and the other is love and that's what the story is about.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12141541", "title": "Accused in Rajasthan Administration Service question leak claim untraceable", "text": "JAIPUR: The Sodala police is trying to trace one Jagdish Bishnoi, a day after it registered an FIR in connection with the alleged leak of Rajasthan Administration Service (RAS) examination papers from a private school in Ramnagar area in 2010.Jagdish Bishnoi, was one of the seven men who were arrested by Kardhani police in 2010 on charges of selling nursing exam paper conducted by the Rajasthan Public Service Commission. Jadgish had revealed during interrogation that he had bought question papers of RAS examination conducted on September 29, 2010 from one Shelendra Choudhary, son of the principal of Super King School in Sodala's Ramnagar.\"A chargesheet against Jagdish had been filed in a court in 2010 and later he was released on bail. A written complaint had been lodged with Sodala police station immediately after Jagdish's arrest. Now when the complaint was turned into an FIR on Friday, Jagdish is untraceable,\" a police officer said.When asked why the FIR was not lodged in 2010 immediately after getting information from Kardhan police about his claims of buying RAS examination paper, the officer said the complaint was under investigation.\"It had come up that Jagdish had some personal grudge against Shelendra in the past, so he might have named Shelendra to implicate him falsely. The complaint was investigated by the ACP (west). Now the FIR has been lodged so that the case could be disposed of,\" the officer said.He also said the RAS examination papers were opened in presence of Rajasthan Public Service Commission (RPSC) officers and a videography was conducted.\"It is quite hard to believe that Jagdish would have bought RAS paper for just Rs 55,000. A leak would have come to notice,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144011", "title": "Gulzar writes for Mohalla Assi", "text": "Noted lyricist and film maker Gulzar has penned the songs of Sunny Deol starrer Mohalla Assi.Directed by Dr Chandra Prakash Dwiedi , the film is based on th novel Kashi Ka Assi. \"\"The songs which have a folksy feel to it depict the culture of Varanasi where the film is based .Gulzar sahib's lyrics bring forth the essence of the place , a knack which he had already shown in films like Omkara, says the director.One of the song which has been picturised on Sunny Deol has been rendered by noted singer Sukhwinder.He was really delighted after the recording of the song which was held recently .The lyrics are beautiful and I am happy to know about the beautiful culture of part of our country, the singer had stated, informs Dr Chandraprakash.The title song of the film has been rendered by noted classical singer Pt Channulal Mishra\"\", he informs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12141381", "title": "Cops face the heat over application", "text": "KOLKATA: IPS officers Damayanti Sen, Jawed Shamim and Vineet Goyal have got embroiled in a fresh controversy - over \"the manner in which they applied\" to the ministry of shipping for postings several months ago.Whether it is an act of overzealousness on part of some officials, mere lack of coordination or communication gap, the fact is that now, the applications have led to a flutter in the corridors of power. The police directorate has observed, two days ago after discussions with the DGP Naparajit Mukherjee, that applying \"directly\" to the ministry of shipping \"is a clear act of indiscipline\". The officers are being asked to provide an explanation on why they directly applied to the ministry without the knowledge of the state home department. Since two of the three officers are in Kolkata Police, the intimation would be routed to them through city police commissioner R K Pachnanda.The observation comes after the ministry of shipping asked the state home department authorities about their response to the applications.The whole issue, however, appears to be just lack of bureaucratic coordination. It is learnt that the officers had in fact, sent \"advance copies\" of their applications to the shipping ministry. And when the copies were submitted to the Kolkata Police and the state police - informing them of their applications and for routing these to the shipping ministry - the officers were apparently informed that the government had been following a policy of not allowing IPS officers to leave the state for postings outside, even if it meant continuing to work in the same city in a central government position.Apparently, the officers then did not follow up with the applications sent to the shipping ministry, and let the matter end there, as the state government had expressed its stand on such assignments.But it is now clear that the matter certainly did not end there. The shipping ministry received the applications and has been following it up with the Bengal government, seeking its opinion.Whether the officers will actually be asked to send \"formal explanation\", or the matter merely settled before that \"through discussions\", is not yet known. But the note itself has raised many eyebrows as the manner in which the officers sent their applications have been done by many others in the past.\"The state home department apparently came to know about it from the shipping ministry, and therefore the officers are now being asked to explain why such a thing happened,\" said an officer.However, if the applications had gone to the state police and Kolkata Police authorities, then somewhere they may have been lying all along without the matter being clarified earlier.Sen and Shamim are already in the eye of a storm. The two officers were lauded for cracking the Park Street rape case, but later got embroiled in a controversy over it.And now things have taken a rather complicated turn over another entirely different issue that could perhaps have been resolved long ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12140844", "title": "Oscar winner Resul Pookutty enrols as advocate", "text": "KOCHI: Around 400 persons, including a couple of celebrities, enrolled as advocates at a function held in Kerala high court on Sunday.Elizabeth Antony, wife of defence minister A K Antony , and Oscar winner Resul Pookutty were among the newly-enrolled ones.\"Women and children who belong to marginalized section often find it difficult to afford litigation expenses. I will provide legal aid to such people,\" Elizabeth said after the ceremony.Elizabeth has been working with NCF, an NGO-based in New Delhi, for quite some time. She is yet to decide on the court in which she should start practicing.\"The venue can be Delhi or Thiruvananthapuram ,\" she said. For Resul Pookutty, the enrolment ceremony was a moment of accomplishment. Pookutty said that his father wanted him to be an advocate, while his mother wanted him to be a doctor.\"Now I have fulfilled my father's dream\", he said. \"When Sree Sankaracharya University of Sanskrit conferred me with an honorary doctorate, I fulfilled the wish of my mother to a certain extent,\" he added in jest.\"In a democratic country like ours, court is the last resort for many. Lawyer's profession is a noble one and I would like to start practising at the high court of Kerala. Many of my friends are lawyers in Mumbai.\"My elder brother is an advocate in Kayamkulam. So, there are many other options as well,\" he said.Justice Thottathil B Radhakrishnan was the chief guest during the occasion.Bar council chairman Manjeri Sreedharan Nair presided over the function. He administered the oath to the new lawyers. Advocate general K P Dandapani was also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12140413", "title": "Rajya Sabha elections on March 30", "text": "MUMBAI: The election commission on Sunday declared the programme for biennial polls to the six seats of Rajya Sabha from Maharashtra. The notification will be issued on March 12 and polling will take place on March 30.Retiring RS members from Maharashtra are former CM Vilasrao Deshmukh , Rajiv Shukla (both Congress), Manohar Joshi ( Shiv Sena ), Bal Apte ( BJP ) and Ranjeet Mohite Patil and Govindrao Adik (both NCP). Vilasrao and Govindrao Adik are likely to be renominated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12143673", "title": "We will see Saif and his friends in court: Tarina Patel", "text": "The brawl with Iqbal Sharma is seemingly turning out to be an albatross around Saif Ali Khan's neck.According to a report published in a daily, Tarina Patel, wife of Sharma apparently agreed for an out-of-court settlement with Saif. Denying any such intention, the actress said that she is both horrified and amused to read such reports. She and her husband are unwilling to compromise and will pursue the matter till the end.However, Tarina said she did receive a feeler for a settlement from a mutual friend but couldn't trust him. She told Mirror, \"An entrepreneur friend Ali Bagash said that Saif asked him for a compromise. I don't know whether we can trust him because everyone around us is trying to get a moment of fame from this unfortunate incident.\"The actress also revealed more deatils about the night. According to Tarina, after the altercation with Saif was over and Iqbal was leaving the restaurant with her and her parents, Shakeel Ladak who accompanied Saif to the dinner, ran to the restaurant exit and allegedly punched her father.She added, \"I didn't talk about the matter before because I wanted to restrict my comments to the person who wronged us. Now that everyone is sympathising with Saif, I have no option but to expose him further. Mr Ladak punched my father and his glasses fell on the floor and my mother stood there in disbelief. I will never forget or forgive him. Also, Malaika Arora Khan was verbally abusing us. I had never witnessed such behaviour before. We will see Mr Saif Ali Khan and his friends in court.\"Reacting to the rumours that she is doing this for publicity, she said, \"It is obvious as to who is getting more publicity. Just compare the number of interviews they've given on this issue to mine. They can call me what they like, publicity-hungry or whatever, we're not giving in.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12138927", "title": "Man with smuggled diamonds held", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Custom officials detained a man carrying a consignment of 2.5 kg rough diamonds at the Ahmedabad international airport in the wee hours of Sunday.Keshav Naran, 40, had arrived by the Sharjah-Ahmedabad flight and had hidden the diamonds in the dust basket of a vacuum cleaner.An alert custom officer found Naran's movements suspicious from the time he arrived by the Sharjah flight.Naran was asked to open his bags and then a separate team checked the potable vacuum cleaner in one of the bags. Officials recovered nearly 2.5 kg of rough diamonds of minute sizes. The diamonds are estimated to be worth anywhere between Rs 20 lakh and Rs 2.5 crore. tnn \"Our valuation team will declare the cost of the seizure in the next few days,\" says a senior custom official.Hailing from Junagadh, Naran does odd jobs at Sharjah. Custom officials claim that he may be a carrier for a jeweller or a diamond trader in the city.Rough diamonds are raw diamonds directly excavated from the mines and need polishing. Though there is no import duty on these diamonds, but it is mandatory for the person carrying them to produce a Kimberly Process Certificate (KPC). \"The certificate is an assurance that the rough diamonds are not sourced from diamond mines that fuel illicit wars. Naran could not produce a certificate for them and hence this raised suspicion,\" adds the custom official.This is not the first time that Gujarati jewelers or diamond traders have been found involved in the illicit activity. In the last couple of years, three Surat traders have been caught in Hyderabad and Mumbai airports in similar cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "rohit shetty is gearing up to release his next film, the comedy-action-drama \"bol bachchan\", which is 95% complete. produced by shree ashtavinayak cinevision ltd and devgn films and presented by fox star studios, it stars ajay devgn, abhishek bachchan, asin thottumkal and prachi desai , and will release on july 6. rohit gives us a sneak peek into the film", "code": "12133591", "title": "My film needs no brain exercise: Rohit Shetty", "text": "Rohit Shetty is gearing up to release his next film, the comedy-action-drama \"Bol Bachchan\", which is 95% complete. Produced by Shree Ashtavinayak Cinevision Ltd and Devgn Films and presented by Fox Star Studios, it stars Ajay Devgn, Abhishek Bachchan, Asin Thottumkal and Prachi Desai , and will release on July 6. Rohit gives us a sneak peek into the film:What made you choose \"Bol Bachchan\" after \"Singham\"? After \"Singham\", I wanted to do a light-hearted comedy. There are lots of characters in the film, and though it has comedy in it, it's more of a family entertainer with drama, action and emotions. We have taken the basic idea from Hrithikesh Mukherjee's \"Gol Maal\" after taking the rights, and the rest is completely different.How different is it from \"Gol Maal\"? You can call it a new film altogether. There are many new characters, including that of Archana Puran Singh, Paresh, and Krushna Abhishek and VIP from the TV show \"Jubilee Comedy Circus\". Abhishek and his character's (called Abbas Ali aka Abhishek Bachchan in the film) mannerisms will be one of the highlights. The plot is interesting and the narrative is simple. It's a no brain-exercise film; just come and enjoy it. We also have a few high-octane action sequences, which wasn't there in \"Gol Maal\".Is it true that Ajay's character is not like Utpal Dutt's in \"Gol Maal\"? Yes. Even though he plays a pehelwaan, Ajay's character (called Prithviraj Raghuvanshi) is the simplest and most innocent in the film. Almost everyone lies to him and keeps taking him for a ride.Between Abhishek and Ajay's characters, which is your favorite? I find both the characters very lovable. Ajay is a cute, adorable pehelwaan while Abhishek lies to him and starts working for him. Abhishek's flexible humour and the mannerisms that he has added himself are hilarious. The chemistry between them is amazing. They are great friends off screen too so there's a lot of chemistry on screen.You have cast Abhishek after long... We never had a brainstorming session to cast Abhishek. When we started writing the script , we decided to take Abhishek as he suited the character best. Also, the film is called \"Bol Bachchan\" and in the film his character is called Abhishek Bachchan. Abhishek is a great actor. He handles humor and comic scenes very well.What's special about the film? We've shot in Jaipur, and currently we are shooting in Wai. There's hand-to-hand combat, buses and cars blowing up and lots of emotions and fun! The kids won't come out disappointed. \"Bol Bachchan\" is full-on entertainment and clean, typical Rohit Shetty film for the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12141185", "title": "Frame charges against Jaya Jaitly in defence scam: Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eleven years after Operation West End - a sting operation conducted by a news portal - exposed the alleged corruption by some politicians and army officials in a defence deal, a special CBI court has paved the way for the trial of former Samata Party president Jaya Jaitly, retired Major General S P Murgai and Jaitly's former party colleague Gopal Pacherwal for criminal conspiracy and taking 'illegal gratification'.Special CBI judge Kanwal Jeet Arora ordered framing of charges against the three accused under section 120B of the penal code read with section 9 of the Prevention of Corruption Act. He also asked the accused to appear before the court on Monday for the formal framing of charges.\"On the basis of material placed on record by the prosecution, I am of the opinion that prima facie it appears that all the three accused - Jaya Jaitly, Maj Gen S P Murgai (Retd) and Gopal K Pacherwal, along with their accomplice Surender Kumar Surekha (approver) had entered into a criminal conspiracy for taking illegal gratification as a motive or reward for exercise of personal influence with the public servant in order to get supply orders for defence equipments i.e. hand-held thermal imagers (HHTI) from ministry of defence, in favor of m/s Westend International, London ,\" the judge said.The sting operation codenamed, Operation West End, was conducted in the year 2000 by Tehelka.com exposing the alleged corruption in defence deals. Six years later, the CBI submitted a chargesheet against Jaya Jaitly and charged her with \"taking bribe as a motive for inducing, by exercise of personal influence, by public servants to show favours in getting supply orders for defence equipment.\" Jaitly's former party colleagues, Gopal Pacherwal and Major General (retired) SP Murgai, were also made co-accused in the bribery case. Since July 2006, this was the seventh chargesheet filed by the CBI in connection with Operation West End.According to the chargesheet, all three of them had entered into a criminal conspiracy, to exercise influence over the public servants, in the matter of getting supply orders for defence equipments including HHTIs from the ministry of defence in favor of M/s Westend International.It is alleged in the chargesheet that in furtherance of this criminal conspiracy Jaya Jaitly had obtained Rs2 lakh as illegal gratification for herself and/or for other persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12140004", "title": "Poll officials take stock of EVMs at counting centre", "text": "ALLAHABAD: District officials including the district election officer and district magistrate( DM) alongwith DIG and other senior officials on Sunday visited the counting centre at Mandi Samiti, premises, Mundera to take stock of preparations for the counting process for 12 assembly seats in the district scheduled to be held on Tuesday.The DM, Alok Kumar issued necessary instructions to the officials and employees present at the spot for ensuring proper arrangements for the counting staff and representatives of different political parties and candidates. Besides, the arrangements for setting up a media centrewas also reviewed.The authorities are setting up different counting tables where counting of votes from different electronic voting machines( EVM) would be undertaken serially, informed official sources.They added that the entire process would take around two hours but formal announcement would be made after cross checking the vote tally from each EVM. Representatives of all political parties and candidates who have contested elections would be present during the time of counting and only authorised personswould be allowed inside the counting centres. All vehicles would be parked within a radius of 500 metres from the counting centes and only persons carrying identity cards isued by the district authorities including media personnel would be allowed entry inside the counting centre.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12141528", "title": "After the storm, the calm", "text": "PANAJI: For almost two months, they ate, drank and slept politics. On Sunday, most of Goa's politicians took a sabbatical from politics to spend time with their families over a lunch or dinner or venture out of the state for a short holiday. Some preferred to catch up on some sleep they had missed out on.Kicking off fatigue from the long hours of door-to-door campaigning, corner and public meetings, the politicians tried to get politics and political matters out of their skin, and let their hair down for a while.After attending meeting after meeting across the state and campaigning door-to -door in his constituency, chief minister Digambar Kamat went out with his family for lunch. \"We have gone out for lunch and later I will relax at home\" Kamat said.Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) chief minister material and leader of opposition Manohar Parrikar who was the star campaigner for BJP and who travelled across the state for the last two months has decided to take complete rest though out the day. \"I am suffering from cold, my body is paining, every one hour I go to sleep to get recover,\" Parrikar told TOI .After campaigning for the Congress candidates for whom his son was able to secure party tickets, Congress's campaign committee chief, veteran politician and Speaker Pratapsing Rane has decided to watch a movie on Sunday evening. \"On Sunday I met my workers, I reviewed the voting in my constituency, expressed gratitude to them and in the evening I will go out with my family to watch a movie,\" Rane said .BJP state president Laxmikant Parsekar who worked day and night with the intention of bringing back the BJP to power was enjoying boiled rice with fish curry at Tarkali in Malvan, Maharashtra with his family, when TOI spoke to him. \"After two months, today I have moved out with my family at Tarkali. I will stay here for two days and relax,\" said ParsekarPWD minister Churchill Alemao, who had sleepless nights during the election campaign in Navelim and Benaulim, woke up late on Sunday and then continued being busy with his workers. Later, he had planned to go out for dinner with family. \"I want to relax but voters are coming to meet; I will have a power nap in the afternoon and later in the evening we will go out for dinner,\" said Churchill.After campaigning for him and his son Ritesh Naik in Marcaim constituency, home minister Ravi Naik spent his Sunday sitting in his hotel. \"I am having lunch with my supporters, I don't have time to relax,\" Naik saidGoa Pradesh Congress Committee president Subhash Shirodkar has spent his Sunday morning relaxing at home before getting back to work. \"I got up late. Till 3 pm I will relax at home. After that, I am back to work,\" Shirodkar told TOI.After facing a tough battle, Congress Aldona candidate Dayanand Narvekar relaxed at home on Sunday. \"I am going for a speed-boat ride in the evening; it is my passion\" Narvekar said .After covering the biggest constituency (area-wise), Canacona BJP candidate Ramesh Tawadkar enjoying the sea breeze at Agonda beach while having lunch with his supporters. \"We (with family) will go out for dinner\" said he, to TOI.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12140212", "title": "Congress MP sees Deve Gowda's hand in clash", "text": "MYSORE: Lok Sabha member A H Vishwanath on Sunday suspected a conspiracy behind the Friday's incident of advocates-media-police clash in Bangalore and alleged the involvement of JD(S) supremo H D Deve Gowda and his family members in the episode.Addressing the media here, the Congress MP sought an explanation from the JD(S) leader for the role of his \"henchman\" and lawyer A P Ranganath who has been arrested in connection with the clash. He alleged the incident was pre-planned and Gowda and his family members were behind it. The role of Ranganath indicates the incident happened with the involvement of Gowda or his followers, he said and also dared the JD(S) leader to declare the former is not his lieutenant.According to him, JD(S) leaders instigated the lawyers to unleash violence with an intention to show Bangalore city police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji in the poor light in handling law and order.\"I was told that Deve Gowda had suggested the name of a police official to replace Mirji,\" he claimed and added that the file however was kept in abeyance following the intervention of former CM B S Yeddyurappa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12139681", "title": "Railways restarts cleanliness drive at Charbagh station", "text": "LUCKNOW: Railways has restarted its cleanliness drive at Charbagh station on Sunday. Under the drive, people littering the station, smoking at the place and entering the station premises without a platform ticket will be penalised.On Sunday, as many as 44 people were penalised for littering the station area. Railways realised Rs 4,400 from the defaulters. People littering the station area are slapped with a fine of Rs 100 and those found smoking at the place have to pay Rs 200 as fine. \"While right now passengers will only be fined, very soon we will also prosecute them,\" said Amitabh Kumar, station manager, Charbagh. The drive was launched by railways in 2009. In the last two years, Rs 38 lakh has been collected as revenue by way of realising fine from passengers and about 5,000 people have been charged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12140522", "title": "Government schools don\u2019t bother about I-cards", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Had UT education department carried forward its plan to issue Identity cards to students, the incident on Friday, when five students were harassed by police for failing to furnish proof of identity could have been avoided. With I-cards issued by the schools in hand, they could have saved themselves from the harassment.The idea of providing I-cards to school children was mooted by former director Public Instructions (schools) S K Sethia in 2007, but it is no more implemented at any government school in the city.Sethia said, \"Back in 2007, education department had asked all school principals to issue I-cards to children. I had sanctioned the funds, but I don't think it is being implemented any more, though many schools, like Sector 16 model school, had started issuing I-cards then.\"\"The I-card, bearing the name of the child, school's name and other details, can prove beneficial if a child is lost or falls unconscious,\" said Sethia.DPI (schools )Sandeep Hans said it is a good idea to provide students with I-cards, as it will prove beneficial in unfortunate situations and keep a check on bunking students. But, as of now there haven't been any talks on it, but we will certainly consider the issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144806", "title": "Prashant Narayanan creates ruckus on film sets", "text": "Actor Prashant Narayanan, brilliant in his award-winning role as a vicious serial killer in Murder 2, is known to be very particular about whom he works with.In the past he has turned down plum roles in prestigious assignments merely because he wasn't happy with his co-stars. That explains the scarcity of assignments in this brilliant actor's career.Last week , on location for Manish Gupta's political thriller 'Main Nahin Anna' at Madh Island Prashant apparently refused to shoot when he saw his co-star was the veteran bit-player Manmauji who plays Anna Hazare in Gupta's film.On seeing Manmauji Prashant Naryanan threw a fit. Reportedly the actor came to blows with his director over the issue. Says the harrowed director Gupta, \"Prashant refused to shoot with Manmauji arguing that someone else was supposed to play Anna Hazare. It is true actor Surendra Rajan was supposed to play Anna Saab. But Surendra had to opt out at the last minute. And we got Manmauji who is a veteran comic actor with five decades of acting experience.\"Apparently Prashant felt a bit comedian playing someone of Anna Hazare's stature was a bit too much.Argues Gupta, \"But when you see Manmauji you'd be shocked at his transformation. He looks exactly like Anna Hazare.And besides why should my leading man decide who is to be cast in my film? It was my decision to cast Manmauji, and Prashant better accept it.\"Last heard, Prashant refused to relent.Neither was the director Manish Gupta in the mood to give in. \"I won't succumb to such pressure tactics. Prashant screamed at me and my producer Mridul Singhvi, 'How dare you cast a C-grade comedian to play Anna Hazare?' But we know what we're doing. And Prashant better accept it.\"Despite repeated messages Prashant Narayanan remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12148072", "title": "Salman Khan to show off fab body in Dabangg 2", "text": "Actor Salman Khan begins to workout hard for his Dabangg 2 look...Salman Khan, who has his plate full with some interesting movies, has opted out of hosting Bigg Boss 6, and has already hit the gym to get a never-like-before body for Dabangg 2. Dabangg 2 is extremely close to his heart, especially after the success of Part I. Also, the sequel marks the directorial debut of Salman's brother Arbaaz Khan .Salman Khan, it is heard, is ready to put in four times the effort to get a perfect physique for his look in this masala entertainer. So we can expect more shirts tearing, more bare bodied shots, and what not!When we got in touch with Sallu, he was quick to say that staying fit is a tedious bet with actors such as himself not getting any younger. And with the current young brigade getting all fitness conscious, and flexing their muscles and six-pack abs, getting to the finish line had never seemed harder.However, knowing Salman Khan and his fetish for health and fitness, this Dabangg character may shine once again at the box office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "green park", "code": "12140744", "title": "Green Park residents take 20-year-old tradition forward", "text": "GREEN PARK: The residents of Green Park area organised a 'yagya' on Sunday morning to seek God's blessings. They gathered in a vacant plot in their area where they had made arrangements for 'havan'.These residents have been organizing the 'yagya' for 20 years during this time only. They have formed a special committee for organizing religious havans in their locality.Activity president of this committee, Indra Sharma said, \"Usually, we organize this 'havan' on Shivratri but this time we got late so arranged it on Sunday.The residents participate actively in religious activities and the 'havan' is special, as it purifies the soul.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12139415", "title": "Admission easy, but adjustment an ordeal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The suicide of a reserved category student at AIIMS has once again highlighted the pent-up frustration of lakhs of such students who make it to premier institutes but find it difficult to cope with the pressure. Lack of support from classmates, teachers and college staff plunges them into hopelessness, which at times leads to suicidal tendencies. Affirmative action like providing English coaching, counselling and efficient grievance redressal can go a long way in building their confidence.Anil Kumar Meena, who committed suicide on Saturday, had topped in the reserved category in the AIPMT 2010 exam and got admission in AIIMS. But the language barrier made studies difficult for him. Meena found it difficult to understand lectures in English as he his education up to school was in Hindi medium. Teachers tried to help him initially but that didn't see him through, said a classmate.After failing in the first-year exams, he slid into depression. \"Meena met the institute dean several times in the past one month with the request that he did not want to sit with his juniors and even sought an audience with the director,\" said one of his hostel friends.Vikas Bajpai of the Medico's Forum for Equal Opportunity said a patient hearing and supportive feedback from the administration is helpful in such cases. He said on March 2010, another MBBS student from a reserved category at AIIMS had committed suicide after failing to clear his exams. \"The AIIMS administration has failed to address the problems faced by students, particularly those belonging to the reserved category. There is no extra coaching and efficient grievance redressal mechanism. Just admitting students as part of the government mandate is no help,\" said Bajpai.The issue of caste-based discrimination at AIIMS, which required affirmative action, was also raised in 2006 after which the health ministry appointed a three-member committee under UGC chairman Sukhadeo Thorat to probe the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12141852", "title": "Tendency of seeking CBI probe in each case flayed", "text": "INDORE: The home minister, Umashankar Gupta, on Sunday criticized the tendency of demanding CBI inquiry virtually in every case. Asking the people to have faith in the state police, he said even the CBI took more than six months to crack the Shehla Masood murder case.The minister, who was in the city to attend a seminar on cyber crime, was speaking to the media.The minister said that even the MP police could have solved the murder mystery, but it could not get time to complete the investigation as the case was transferred to the CBI within 24 hours of the incident. He said the state government had transferred the case to CBI under the pressure from family members of the slain RTI activist and the opposition party. Gupta, however, expressed satisfaction over the CBI inquiry into the murder case.A BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh has also come under the scanner of CBI in the case. When queried, the home minister said that he was unable to comment on the issue as the case is being investigated by the central agency, and whatever information he has, it was through the media.To drive home his point about the efficiency of MP police, he said the state police was able to solve the murder case of Umaria-based journalist Chandrika Rai and his family.He also said that it was inappropriate to label the city as a hub of crime on the basis of a few incidents. However, he claimed that the situation some time back was more serious, but now it seems to have been controlled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12143446", "title": "Google: Blanket ban, content monitoring against Constitution", "text": "NEW DELHI: US-based search engine Google Inc, facing a civil lawsuit along with 21 other websites for allegedly hosting objectionable contents on its web posts, has told a Delhi court that the blanket ban and monitoring of material would be against the right to freedom of speech and expression guaranteed under the Indian Constitution.In a reply, filed before Administrative Civil Judge Parveen Singh, Google Inc said, \"Its mission is to organise the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful. Most services offered by it are premised on sharing of information and knowledge without the exercise of any editorial control or of monitoring by it.\"The US giant is being impleaded as a party in the civil suit filed by Mufti Aijaz Arshad Qasmi through his lawyer Santosh Pandey seeking to restrain it and 21 other websites from posting objectionable contents and removal of existing ones from their web posts.Seeking to set aside the case against it, the company said that a blanket ban on certain contents from being carried by \"platforms\" would not be legal, given the fact that the Constitution guarantees the right to freedom of speech and expression.Google Inc also filed written statements on behalf of its subsidiaries -- Orkut and Youtube -- saying they offer various products and services that have been developed with the intention of providing platforms for the exchange of ideas to enable communication and to allow access of information.It said that orkut.com, blogspot.com, blogger.com and youtube.com are the online platforms facilitating access to information and entertainment and the content is user generated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12140897", "title": "MUDA claims on single site approval untenable, says state Congress secretary", "text": "MANGALORE: KPCC secretary Ivan D'Souza on Saturday said that many citizens, who own small land holdings of two cents in the city, would not be able to construct houses if the revised master plan II was implemented.Speaking to reporters in Mangalore he added that as per the plan, if there was a proposal to increase the width of a minor road, permission to build houses will be granted by the Mangalore Urban Development Authority (MUDA) only if the land owner hands over required land for road widening.\"A citizen, who owns two cents by the side of a narrow road, will have to hand over major portion of his land for road widening if there is a proposal. Hence, how people will be able to build houses in two cents of land in the city,\" he questioned.\"It is clear that there are proposals of widening almost all roads in the city in the master plan II,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144497", "title": "What got Lakshmi gushing?", "text": "For Lakshmi Manchu, this is probably the most exciting time in her career.Not just is her Tamil debut vehicle, Maranthen Mannithen, progressing briskly, but she's just begun shooting for Mani Ratnam's Kadal. The actress-producer is extremely delighted to begin work on this much-hyped film. She's equally delighted about shooting for the film in coastal Tamil Nadu.\"I'm shooting for the film in Manapad. It is such a breathtaking location. The seaside is a delight to watch,\" says the actress, who is currently shooting for the film there along with the rest of the team, which includes Gautham Karthik, Samantha, Aravind Swamy and Arjun.The actress is also upbeat that Maranthen Manniten is smoothly nearing its finish simultaneously. \"The team is currently shooting for the film,\" she says, adding, \"For the portions of the film that don't require me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "imagine this", "code": "12146242", "title": "There\u2019s a driverless car right behind you", "text": "Imagine this: You are running late for an early-morning presentation. Your slides are ready. But you wish that instead of spending time driving to the office, you could revise the slides. The presentation is crucial. Failure is not an option. But you cannot sit in the passenger seat revising your notes while your car drives itself to your office.Or maybe, you can do exactly that. Not now. But within a few years.Driverless cars are coming. Cars that will overtake, give way, stop at traffic lights, allow pedestrians to pass, drive in lanes. All without human intervention. All major car companies are working on them. Some of the current cars already have features like automatic parking or cruise control. But one company has taken a lead -- Google.A scientist's mission Sebastian Thrun is on a mission. A Google Fellow - a title reserved for the company's most distinguished scientists - and an expert in artificial intelligence, Thrun wants to transform the way humans commute. The driverless car at Google is his baby.\"As a boy I loved cars. But when I turned 18 I lost my best friend to a car accident. Like this (snaps the finger),\" Thrun said at a TED (Technology, Entertainment and Design) talk last year. \"Then I decided that I will dedicate my life to the save one million people (who die in accidents) every year.\"Thrun's interest led him to driverless vehicle competition organized by DARPA, the US military's top research organization. In 2005, the vehicle designed by Thrun's team made a record by completing the challenge and covered 212 kilometers in Mojave Desert in little less than seven hours. That was the beginning.Google, whose main business is centered around the web advertisements, took fancy to driverless cars in the middle of last decade, likely because the idea tickled fancy of its geek founders. The company roped in Thrun.Over the years, Thrun's team, which includes Chris Urmson, who had worked on vehicles that took part in the DARPA challenges, has meticulously worked on overcoming every tiny bit of challenge a driverless car faces. The result, for now, is a fleet of seven modified cars that roam San Francisco and area around Mountain View without any direct aid from a driver.\"All seven cars are fully operational. We've successfully driven roughly 200,000 miles across a wide variety of terrain and road conditions, and we're very pleased with the performance,\" a Google spokesperson told TOI in an email. \"Our driverless car has even made a loop around Lake Tahoe , a trip to and through LA from San Francisco, and a drive through the Santa Cruz Mountains.\"Look ma, no hands! Google's car is fully functional. This means on the road it behaves just like any other car.The secret behind its performance lies in the modifications it has been given. The car is equipped with four radars - three in the front and one on back - that help determine relative proximity of surrounding objects on the road. Then, there is a camera near rearview mirror, which monitors traffic lights as well as works as the eyes of the car. And, finally, there is a spinning laser (LIDAR) mounted on the roof of the car that constantly takes 360-degree measurements.\"The data from the laser is central to the system. This data allows the car to see the world around it,\" Urmson told the audience at International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems last year. The Google spokesperson said, \"The data from all the sensors, camera and laser is fed to the quad-core computer, which can process 1.3 million laser measurements and make around 20 driving decisions every second.\"\"Our car sees the world on two levels. The static world and the live world,\" said Urmson. Static world consists of objects that don't move or change. Like driving lane or road barriers. But people, vehicle, traffic lights etc change or move. Once the car identifies the moving objects, including humans, around it, it starts monitoring their movement in real time.This allows the car to make driving adjustments like applying breaks or giving way on the basis of how fast or slow other objects on the road are moving. Also, the car knows speed limits and, unlike humans, obeys all traffic rules.Not so fast Despite effortlessly cruising on highways and never making a mistake during its run of over 200,000 miles so far, Google's driverless car is not ready for prime time. The company has used the same technology in several golf carts that its employees can remotely summon and use to navigate inside its sprawling headquarters. But driverless cars that public can use are some time away.\"We expect to provide some autonomous capabilities to public before others. But we think this vision (driverless cars) is years away, (if) not decades,\" said the Google spokesperson. \"We are still working on handling severe weather conditions like snow.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12145182", "title": "Earthquake felt in Delhi, other parts of north India; no casualties reported", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tremors were felt in New Delhi and the adjoining NCR region in Noida, Faridabad, Ghaziabad and Gurgaon today. The tremors were also felt in parts of Punjab, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh. The earthquake occured at about 1.11pm.The earthquake measured 4.9 on the richter scale, according to TV reports. The epicentre was at Bahudargarh close to the Delhi-Haryana border. The tremors were felt for about 15-20 seconds.There have been no reports of loss of life or property, so far. Chances of aftershocks are not very high.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144708", "title": "Akshaye Khanna advocates adoption", "text": "The issue that concerns the most to Akshaye Khanna is the population explosion.The actor apparently was watching a documentary on the net about population and how in another decade the population would rise up to an astronomical level. Akshaye is feeling concerned about this. Akshaye said, \"The documentary showed the ill effects of the population explosion and how it needed to be dealt with seriously.\"Akshaye strongly advocates adoption. \"I feel that adoption was a good idea to control population. This would also help orphaned children grow up in a normal way in a family atmosphere that is so important today's time. The only thing you need is a large heart ,\" Akshaye said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12141869", "title": "Executive body meeting of Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya postponed", "text": "INDORE: The executive council meeting of the Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV), in which vice-chancellor was likely to propose a major policy decision of revamping of the varsity, has been postponed. The controversial issue of bifurcation of International Institute of Professional Studies (IIPS) has been overruled by the executive council (EC) members stating the acting vice-chancellor does not have the powers of taking policy-based decisions.EC has also given a clean chit to P N Mishra, who was suspended in 2010 on charges of financial irregularities in the institute while Rajeev Gupta and SN Maru have been warned to not handle finance-related affairs.The EC, which was likely to hear progress report of six to seven teaching departments, proposed its candidate for the post of director of college development council (DCDC) and partial outsourcing of results processing work have been postponed for the next meeting. Meanwhile, the EC has given its nod to design a varsity website.A proposal for inviting tender to set up student guidance and call management centre has got the approval of members, said one of the EC members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "12140527", "title": "Civic teachers to get salaries within 8 days", "text": "MALEGAON: The Malegaon Municipal Corporation (MMC) has agreed to make part payment to teachers and pensioners against salary dues within eight days, following more than a month of protests. The teachers and pensioners called off their stir after the decision was taken at a meeting with minorities minister Arif Naseem Khan at the Mantralaya on Saturday.According to Momin Mujeeb, who represented local legislator Mufti Mohammad Ismail at the meeting, Khan directed the civic authorities to put on hold construction and other development work, which are not urgent, and arrange for at least Rs 7-8 crore within eight days to pay the teachers and pensioners their pending salaries and dues.Mujeeb stated that the minister promised to ensure that the loan proposal submitted to the state government by the corporation was cleared. \"But since the loan sanction could take two to three months, he directed municipal commissioner Jeevan Sonawane, who was also at the meeting, to release part payment,\" he told TOI. Over 800 teachers and pensioners belonging to Urdu and Marathi medium municipal schools were protesting in front of the MMC building since January 23, demanding payment of salary dues and other perks amounting to Rs 21.69 crore. When their demands were not met after peaceful protests for over a month, they went on mass leave on Thursday and blocked all entrances to the corporation.\"We are calling off our protest temporarily after the decision taken at the meeting with Khan. If the corporation does not release the payment within eight days, the protest will resume,\" Altaf Ahmed, the teachers' representative, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12141949", "title": "Kripashankar's son-in-law forged documents for domicile: Cops", "text": "MUMBAI: The Anti-Corruption Bureau, while probing the assets of Congress leader Kripashankar Singh and his family, had found that Singh's son-in-law Vijay Pratap Singh, years ago, submitted forged documents to get an apartment in Powai, an officer said. The police's Economic Offences Wing (EOW) is now considering whether to register a separate case against Vijay.Vijay, who is a native of Uttar Pradesh and is married to Singh's daughter Sunita, was \"working with the Public Works Department of the Jharkhand government in 2002 when a flat in a private building in Powai was transferred in his name,\" a source said. The apartment was originally allotted under the chief minister's quota to Singh, who requested that it be transferred to his sonin-law, the source added.But for Vijay to be eligible for the flat, he was required to be domiciled in Maharashtra. In other words, he was required to have stayed in Maharashtra for 15 years. The source said, \"Vijay provided forged documents to prove the domicile.\"The ACB began looking into the Powai flat since the property was mentioned in a disproportionate assets complaint it received against Singh and his family. During its investigation, when the ACB went searching for documents related to the flat's transfer in official archives, it was told that the files were missing. When the bureau questioned Vijay on the apartment, it was told that he had submitted authentic documents for the transfer. He was, however, unable to produce the documents since it was an \"old issue\". He said he had sold the property in 2006.The source said the ACB, thereafter, obtained documents from Jharkhand, which \"established that Vijay was working there when the flat was transferred to him\". The bureau made a mention of the apartment's handover in its report submitted to the Bombay High Court in March 2011.EOW officers are now considering whether to register a separate case against Vijay or continue investigating him under the case that was filed against Singh and his family. Both police chief Arup Patnaik and the head of the Special Investigation Team probing the case, additional commissioner of police (EOW) Rajwardhan Sinha, refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12138918", "title": "NID: Indian, African artisans join hands", "text": "AHMEDABAD: National Institute of Design (NID) will soon be introducing Indian artisans to a team of 25 artisans and traders from Zimbabwe. At NID, these African artists will be attending a workshop 'for product development and diversification' from April 23, and Indian artisans will be invited to meet and work with them. Other teams from Malawi , Ethiopia , Zambia and Uganda will also visit the institute in the next three years.Kicking off the project, a three-member expert team from National Institute of Design will be visiting Zimbabwe from March 14 to 26.\"There NID team will be conducting a 'need based assessment' to understand their local materials, organizational structures, skills and opportunities and so on. We have recently signed a MoU with the Union ministry of external affairs who is supporting the project,\" said director of NID Pradyumna Vyas.The ministry has set aside one million US dollars for the three-year project.\"The artisans in Africa are already skilled and have a rich traditional craft practice. However, they need professional design inputs and knowledge on how to diversify their existing ranges of products so that they could create demand in contemporary markets. At the training workshop at NID, we will make the visiting artisans meet our local artisans as well,\" said Vyas.There will also be interactions and sharing of knowledge, experience and skill among the artisans of the different countries and the designers.\"We will also help the artisans in branding their products and in understanding the larger markets. We have already spoken to various store chains for displaying and selling these products as a part of our market survey,\" the director added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12141323", "title": "UP poll forecast: Future and options for major parties", "text": "The Uttar Pradesh assembly election results are due to be announced tomorrow. TOI examines the best and the worst scenarios for the major political parties.Samajwadi Party (SP)Best: It gets a majority of its own, thus retaining its autonomy in UP and independence from Congress. Mulayam Singh Yadav regains his credentials as the country's tallest Muslim leader and may have a say in deciding who is elected President in July. He can collaborate with other non-Congress players to facilitate the prospects of a candidate like A P J Abdul Kalam to be Pratibha Patil's successor in Rashtrapati Bhawan.Good: It stops short of the magic figure in the 403-strong House but a tally of around 175 MLAs would automatically attract independents and \"others\" to meet the deficit. Once ensconced in office, Mulayam can use his famed poaching skills to boost his numbers.Not-so-good: Mulayam has to depend on Congress to form the government. Although Congress has said it will have no truck with SP, the need for a cushion against an increasingly restive Mamata Banerjee and the desire to have its own nominee in Rashtrapati Bhawan may force it to veer around to back the Samajwadis, possibly after a brief spell of President's rule. While the SP boss can get a few ministerial berths at the Centre, Rahul Gandhi can be trusted to set tough conditions, including support for a Congress nominee in the presidential election. The arrangement may not continue beyond 2014, as SP will find it difficult to acquiesce to Congress's aspirations for a recovery in UP in Lok Sabha polls.Bad: It is forced to take the support of not just Congress but also smaller parties like RLD and Peace Party. The dependence will interfere with Akhilesh Yadav's \"good governance\" project: something that will be crucial for the party's plan for an image makeover through good governance to milk it in Lok Sabha polls. The coalition may collapse in 2014, in any case.Worst: BJP and BSP together get half the seats, thus blocking the formation of a SP-led government.CongressIt gets enough seats, say a tally of 60+, to ensure that SP cannot form the government without its support. It will do business with SP on its own terms, will have a say in presidential election. It will keep a safe distance from Samajwadis and can pull them down by the next LS polls, clearing the way for a midterm poll in the state to be held under central rule.2nd -- Party wins less than 60, but BJP and BSP get majority of seats and decide to form a coalition. This should ensure the support of Samajwadis at the Centre who are seen as more stable allies than Mamata or Mayawati. Such a tally for BSP-BJP would be possible only if there is no SP sweep, and will mean Congress has the room to do business in UP.3rd -- SP forms the government either on its own or with the support of smaller parties. It will be a big setback for Rahul Gandhi. Also, while the party can get compensation of sorts in the form of support from BSP which has to move in a direction opposite to SP's, it may have to continue indulging Mamata, given Mayawati's maverick ways.4th -- BJP and BSP get the majority of seats but the former decides not to form another coalition with Mayawati, thus reducing the need for SP or BSP to support Congress at the Centre. SP, out of power for long, may still join the government at the Centre, but will insist on better compensation since it is getting nothing in return from Congress in Lucknow.Worst: It finishes fourth, SP forms government on its own and BJP becomes the principal opposition.Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP)It will certainly hope to get a majority of its own, but that does not seem to be happening.2nd -- It is forced to take the support of BJP and others to form the government. The dependence will cramp Mayawati's unique style and may further strengthen arch rival Mulayam's pro-Muslim credentials. However, with her core constituency intact -- a pre-condition for such a possibility -- Mayawati can settle for the compromise if only to deny Mulayam and because she can always resign after engaging in some \"secular\" grandstanding to wash the communal taint.3rd -- Along with BJP, it is in a position to block the formation of an SP-led government, and is able to leverage its Lok Sabha numbers with Congress.Worst: SP retakes Lucknow and it loses the slot of principal opposition to BJP.Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)Its tally, combined with Mayawati's, helps it to deny Congress a role in government formation in Lucknow. Apart from the satisfaction of improved numbers after a long phase of steady decline, such a prospect will make it difficult for Congress to get support of either SP or BSP at the Centre automatically. This may also spell an opportunity to try to get someone \"unfriendly\" to Congress to be elected as President in July.2nd -- It gets to play the main opposition and SP gets a majority, thus denying Congress the chance to play the kingmaker and sidelining BSP in the state.3rd -- It finishes just ahead of Congress; even a slender lead over the rival will be a psychological salve for the party which was seen as fading away.4th -- The party returns an improved performance but is forced to support Mayawati in Lucknow because BSP will have enough numbers to help its return in neighbouring Uttarakhand, an option which carries the risk of alienating upper castes.Worst: It finishes behind Congress which also gets to decide the shape of government in Lucknow.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12139901", "title": "Government examining new charges against Army chief Gen VK Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government may have ended speculation over the next Army chief but the last may not have been heard in the standoff between the government and Army chief Gen VK Singh in his all-out battle to correct his age record.An anonymous, detailed complaint received by the government in recent days has several allegations against the Army chief, including possible misuse of off-the-air interceptors to listen in on phone conversations in the national capital. The complaint also accuses Gen Singh of appointing several officers belonging to the Rajput Regiment to many important posts in the Army.A senior government source said they were looking at the allegations that at least two off-the-air interceptors were deployed illegally in the national capital to listen in phone conversations. The complaint says the deployment was part of an effort to eavesdrop on conversations between key people who may have decided the government strategy on Gen Singh's age issue.According to information in the complaint, which is being examined, the interceptors were acquired from Ukraine purportedly for counter-insurgency operations in Jammu and Kashmir and Northeast. But the equipment was not deployed there, but in the national capital illegally.Sources said the intelligence bureau is looking into the complaint and verifying if indeed the Army detailed the interceptors in the national capital. If established, the allegations would further strain the already damaged relationship between Gen Singh and the government.Sources said the complaint also talks about a new division created in the Army headquarters, headed by a colonel rank officer of the military intelligence, after Gen Singh took over as Army chief. The charter of this division's duties is not clear, but it holds widespread powers and is accused of being behind the deployment of the interceptors.The complaint says the division may have mounted two interceptors, which can listen in on mobile phone conversations in a three-kilometer radius, on private vehicles and deployed them in the capital.The complaint with the government also accuses Gen Singh of posting several officers of Rajput Regiment, to which he belongs, in several crucial posts in the Army. Murmurs of nepotism have been swirling in Army circles for some time but now it is part of the written complaint.The complaint also talks about Gen Singh's efforts to use media to fight his age battle.A source said they would rather let Gen Singh 'run his Army', and wouldn't interfere with decisions concerning internal issues of the force. However, the question of passive interceptors being deployed in New Delhi was a matter of grave concern, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12147838", "title": "No Metro services till 2 PM on Holi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Metro services will be curtailed this Thursday in view of Holi festival and will start only at 2 PM.Normally, the Metro services start at six AM every day. \"On the day of the 'Holi' festival, Metro services will not be available till 2 PM on all the six lines. Once the services commence at 2 PM, it will continue normally thereafter,\" a Delhi Metro spokesperson said.Metro feeder bus services will not be available for the whole day on Holi, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12145865", "title": "Team Anna asks Congress to come clean on election funding", "text": "NEW DELHI: Back to targeting Congress, Anna Hazare and his close aide Arvind Kejriwal on Monday asked the party to come out clean on its election funding and the money it spent on \"helicopters and rallies\".Asking Congress to make public its expenses on its website, Kejriwal said senior party leader Digvijay Singh had repeatedly asked Team Anna to make public the money they collected and then spent on the Lokpal protest.\"We gave all details on our website, the list of donors, expenses etc. So, we want to know from Digvijay Singh, all Congress leaders including Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi, how much did they spend on helicopters and rallies.\"They should make their expenses public and put it on their websites,\" Kejriwal said.Hazare supported Kejriwal's view and said he found nothing wrong in his close aide's remarks. \"Expenses must be made public. If it is not your personal money, the details should be made public,\" he said.Reacting to the remarks, Singh said Congress will \"declare the expenses to the Election Commission and not to Arvind Kejriwal.\"Kejriwal said one has witnessed that almost all leaders of various parties were travelling in helicopters.\"There were big rallies being held and a lot of expenditure happened. Where did all this money come from? Whose money is it? How much money was spent? People have the right to know,\" he said.Assembly elections 2012 news", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12139774", "title": "Young Mumbaikars brainstorm ideas for change", "text": "MUMBAI: It's just the kind of air-conditioned room where conversations are incomplete without the use of words like \"synergy\" and \"paradigm shift\". However, this business design classroom at a B-school in Matunga was subjected to unprecedented phrases including \"Oh my Gold\" and \"Who am I?\" that made even Steve Jobs-who had been staring quietly through a black-and-white printout on the wall-look surprised.The 40-odd boys and girls, who had gathered around rectangular tables scribbling furiously over neon post-it notes, were not the kind who wanted to impress professors with business prototypes. Their preoccupation was with \"service ideas\" that prompted urgent discussions on how to make travelling with pets easier to starting a memory vault service; ideas that would hopefully change their city, if not the world.Welcome to the city's first creative service where youngsters-driven by belief that the dabbawalas undertook their first journey as stick figures on a flowchart-have been scratching, arguing and contemplating similar ideas around a rather abstract theme that has just been supplied to them-\"Hidden Treasures\". \"It's like a music jam where people with different skills come together. Here it's about jamming ideas and turning them into services,\" says Shilpa Kadam, host of the Mumbai chapter of what is called a Global Service Jam, which took place this weekend simultaneously in over 95 cities across the world. At this meet, held at Welingkar Institute of Management Development, people interested in a design-based approach to problem solving come together, brainstorm, play role-playing games and come up with realistic prototypes-within two days.Simply put, \"service design is a method for improving the quality of your service,\" says Kadam, who is the creative director of user experience for a product development firm. To explain this human-driven way of design, Kadam uses an analogy of a bank. \"There are various touch points that one goes through right from opening an account to closing it. Some experiences are happy while others bitter. Design helps figure out how we can make the customer's experience at these various points of contact better by giving our thoughts structure and visualization,\" says Kadam. Though we have all been using \"service design\" principles in daily life without knowing it, \"here, we are just making people aware of it, so that they take it forward and apply it in their area of specialization,\" says the host, who had chosen the dabba as the logo for the Mumbai jam as it is the oldest service and is symbolic of Mumbai.To use service design principles to throw up solutions, Mumbai Service Jam participants-that ranged from a squash player to a hacker -were aided by mentors to build on ideas such as \"discovering hidden talents\" to \"mobile petrol pumps\". These preliminary ideas of the four groups of jammers-from community kitchens for women to a service that mimics the nature of a fortune cookie by sending a surprise gift to a loved one without naming the sender-were processed during role-playing games to culminate into prototypes that were uploaded on the GSJ website along with projects from all the other nations. If corporates find the idea interesting and feasible, they will come forward to fund it.But if no one does, \"what next?\" asks Rohit, a young participant, who works with an NGO. \"You can apply the principles and take the ideas forward by enlisting others locally,\" offers Kadam, which is, in fact, the essence of an idea jam. Steve Jobs seems to approve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12145645", "title": "Giant fleas fed on dinosaurs?", "text": "WASHINGTON: Palaeontologists claim to have discovered the world's oldest fleas, dating back to 40 million years, which were big in size and might have fed on dinosaurs.Fleas are hardly preserves as fossils like other ectoparasitic insects. Therefore, the evidence suggesting the origin and early evolution of fleas has been lacking so far. Not any more.Now, a team, led by Professor Huang Diying from Nanjing Institute of Geology and Palaeontology, Chinese Academy of Sciences , says it has found several giant fleas from Middle Jurassic Daohugou biota at Ningcheng Couty in Inner Mongolia and the Early Cretaceous Jehol biota at Beipiao City in China.The palaeontologists claim the findings provide new insights into the origin and early evolution of fleas and the adaption of hosts. These findings traced back the earliest occurrence of fleas at least for 40 million years.These Mesozoic fleas are of great body sizes, approximately 15 mm in length, and some longer than 20 mm. As the extant fleas, the ancient females are larger than males.New Mesozoic fleas with very long piercing mouthparts suggest a resemblance to some Mesozoic siphonate mecopteran, which supports the hypothesis that fleas are derived from Mecoptera, say the researchers.By contrast the Tarwinia, the new Middle Jurassic and Early Cretaceous fleas armed with various ctenidia on legs and numerous posteriorly-directed setae on abdomen, indicating an adaption to hosts with hairs or furs.Nevertheless, the long siphon of fleas is obviously able to pierce the skin of feathered dinosaurs, so this is also a possibility, the palaeontologists say in a release by the Chinese Academy of Sciences.The findings have been published in the 'Nature' journal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12148615", "title": "Companies opening networks to social media: Report", "text": "NEW DELHI: According to a report, more companies are opening their networks to social media, allowing employees access to websites like Facebook and Twitter during work. Gartner, a research firm, said that fewer than 30% of large organizations would block social media in 2014. The agency said that in 2010, almost 50% organizations blocked social media websites in the office.\"Even in those organizations that (nowadays) block all access to social media, blocks tend not to be complete,\" said Andrew Walls, research vice president at Gartner. \"Certain departments and processes, such as marketing, require access to external social media, and employees can circumvent blocks by using personal devices such as smartphones.\"\"Organizations should not ignore social media and social identity,\" added Walls. \"We recommend that organizations ascertain how they currently use internal and external social media in both official and unofficial ways, and look for dissonance between IAM practices and the identity needs, opportunities and risks of social media.\"In 2009, a survey by Robert Half Technology, a US company, found that nearly half of all companies block websites like Twitter, Facebook and personal emails in workplace. According to the report, the research firm surveyed around 1400 chief information officers and 54% of them said that social networking websites were blocked at their offices.The same survey had also revealed that 19% companies allowed social networking but only for business purposes. Only at 10% companies, employees were free to access and use social networking websites for personal use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12141728", "title": "Abduction fears stalk Balochistan Hindus", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Over 50 Hindus have been kidnapped in Pakistan's restive Balochistan province over the past four years, forcing members of the minority community to migrate to other parts of the country.Basant Lal Gulshan, the Human Rights and Minority Affairs Minister for Balochistan, said over 50 members of the Hindu community were abducted across the province in four years.\"Among those are two assistants from my own pharmacy, abducted two days ago,\" he said.\"While Musharraf was in power for nine years, there were only seven instances of kidnapping,\" Gulshan told The Express Tribune. The alarming increase in kidnapping of Hindus was confirmed by Balochistan Chief Secretary Ahmed Bakhsh Lehri.Of a total of 72 people kidnapped in the past few months, 24 were Hindus, he said.Twenty-one people had either been released or recovered through the efforts of the Hindus themselves, Lehri said.Balochistan Home Secretary Naseebullah Bazai too said incidents of kidnapping for ransom and other heinous crimes have increased in the province.The rise in kidnappings has forced Hindus to migrate from Balochistan to other parts of the country, Bazai told the media yesterday. Balochistan and Sindh provinces have sizeable Hindu populations.Over the past few years, dozens of Hindus, most of them petty traders, have been kidnapped for ransom in Balochistan. Several cases of forced conversion of Hindus have been reported from Sindh.Human Rights Minister Gulshan said Hindus were targeted because the community is perceived to be \"financially well off but weak\". The Hindus are mostly traders and businessmen, and the community comprises two-thirds of Balochistan minority population of 300,000, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12138949", "title": "Thieves make away with 19L booty in Sola", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A gang of thieves decamped with valuables worth Rs 18.79 lakh from a bungalow in Thaltej between February 27 and March 3. A team of senior police officials rushed on the spot for inspection and have questioned nearby residents.According to Sola police officials, Vaishali Barad, a resident of Jay Tower in Ghatlodia, filed a complaint on Saturday that the bungalow of her uncle Ghanshyamsinh Barad, a resident of Mandar Bungalow, was broken into and a rear window grill was found broken. The stolen goods include gold and diamond jewellery, gold and mixed metal idols, gold and silver coins and Rs 2.5 lakh cash.\"Ghanshyamsinh Barad is involved with a city-based construction firm. He along with his family members was in Rajkot since February 27 to attend a family function. The incident came to light when the bungalow's gardener saw the window forced open. He immediately informed Barad's relatives who rushed on the spot and reported theft.The family members came back and discovered that the thieves had ransacked the belongings and targeted two cupboards and a safe containing valuables,\" said a police investigator.V H Dindor, inspector of Sola police station, told TOI that the thieves bent the window's iron bars to gain access inside. \"We believe that it cannot be done with sheer human force and the thieves might have come armed with an instrument. Thus, we primarily suspect people working on construction sites for the incident and have started collecting information about nearby sites,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12148709", "title": "Android Key Lime Pie coming next year", "text": "NEW DELHI: After Jelly Bean, Google is reportedly going to name next version of Android as Key Lime Pie (KLP). According to The Verge, a US-based website covering technology, KLP will debut some time in 2013.The current version of Android is called Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS). And the next version is going to be called Jelly Bean. Google has a habit of naming different versions of Android after desserts and it looks like the company has no plans to deviate from the practice. Also, the company diligently follows the order of English alphabets.This naming practice was adopted with Android 1.5, which was dubbed Cupcake. It was followed by Donut. Then came Eclair, which was followed by Froyo. Android 2.3 was termed Gingerbread. Android 3 was named Honeycomb and Android 4 was called ICS. While there is no official report on Jelly Bean, the OS is expected be announced in the second half of this year.Meanwhile, despite having 'sweet' names, Android updates have often proved bittersweet for consumers. Once Google rolls out an updated version of Android, its hardware partners like Samsung and HTC customize the OS and test it on their phones.The process means that consumers often have to wait for months to get latest version of Android on their phones. Ice Cream Sandwich, which was released in November last year, is prime example. Even after four months, hardly 1% Android phones are running it. Also, because it is up to the cellphone makers to decide the models that can get the next version of Android, not all handsets receive updates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12139973", "title": "All ore users must register with IBM", "text": "NAGPUR: Mining companies may find it tougher to sell ore in the coming days, as they will now also have to ensure that the trader or manufacturer purchasing their ore is registered with the Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM). In a bid to curb illegal mining of iron ore, the country's mining regulator IBM has been directed by the ministry of mines to register all mine-holders, traders as well as end users.Though the Nagpur-headquartered IBM already has details of registered miners with it, it is finding it difficult to track traders and end-users as the agency does not deal with them.Even as 9,000 mining leases, including 1,300 for iron ore, have been registered with IBM covering almost the entire sector. But when it comes to traders and manufacturers, not more than 1,000 have enlisted with IBM.Hoping to ease its burden, IBM has now imposed this new rule, under which mine-holders will be allowed to sell their ore only to a registered trader or end-user.The periodic returns filed with IBM will have to mention the registration numbers of the buyers. In case there is any sale to an unregistered entity, the mine-holders could face action, including cancellation of the lease.This is expected to compel miners to in turn pressure their buyers to get registered with IBM. The main objective behind the move is to check illegal mining of iron ore and other minerals. There have been cases of rampant illegal mining in Karnataka and Goa, said controller general of IBM CS Gundewar.\"Once all players are registered, the movement of minerals can be tracked. With mines already registered with IBM, we have data on their capacity, so any sale beyond the registered quantum will show illegal mining,\" said Gundewar.Certain big players in the steel industry have their own mines, but there are several big and small entities, especially in Karnataka and Goa, which have stand-alone mines. Traders act as mediators between the mining company and the steel maker. IBM also feels that the middlemen are used as a channel to sell illicit iron ore.\"However, dealing with traders and manufacturers is a whole new area for IBM. The 1,000 odd registered with us must be just a small number as against the actual number of players in the sector. Agencies in the state government must also come forward with information in this direction,\" said Gundewar.IBM will accord priority to monitor the iron ore movement and later cover other minerals like copper, zinc and lead.IBM is also grossly understaffed and a proposal to add another 1,000 personnel has been put up before the government. With 9,000 mining leases in the country, the agency can only inspect 2,000 in a year given the current manpower. As a result, each mine is inspected only once in two or three years, giving a lot of room for wrongdoing, said Gundewar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12141026", "title": "Over 500 villages in Malabar remain in dark", "text": "KANNUR: Electricity for all in the six districts of Malabar will remain a distant dream thanks to the tardy implentation of the Rs 115-crore rural electrification project. The slow pace of the Centre-sponsored Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojana (RGGVY) has now irked the Union minister for state for power K C Venugopal .The execution of the project is so slow that only Rs 20 crore out of the fund that was sanctioned in March 2010 has been utilized. \"The delay on the part of contractors has affected the work and it has reached nowhere,\" the minister said at a review meeting of the project that was held here on Sunday.The scheme was supposed to benefit 592 villages and a total of 38,517 families of Kasaragod, Kannur, Wayanad, Kozhikode, Malappuram and Palakkad. But so far only 14 villages have benefited from it. Except a few houses in Attappadi in Palakkad, not a single house has been given power connection. The minister said that the work should have been completed in 18 months and blamed the previous LDF government for the delay.The authorities have already asked the contractors to complete the project by May 31, failing which their contracts will be cancelled. Show cause notices have been issued to the contractors in Malappuram, where the electrification project has not begun.The minister said the government will stop giving turnkey project to contractors if there is further delay.Meanwhile the Centre is planning to extend the scheme to southern districts of the state by spending another Rs 109 crore. The plan will benefit 74,740 families in 1,273 villages of the state. The Rural Electrification Corporation (REC) will give 98% of the funds and KSEB will oversee the implementation of the project.\"If the KSEB is willing to take up the project, the work can be given to them in future,\" the minister said. The project has already been successfully implemented in Idukki.The review meeting was attended all the erring contractors apart the executive engineers from six districts of north Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12141038", "title": "Washermen in the state are all set for a bonanza", "text": "HYDERABAD: Washermen in the state are all set for a bonanza in the next fiscal with the government apportioning a handsome Rs 25 crore for the construction of 1,393 dhobi ghats and another Rs 32 crore towards financial assistance for the community.In its response to what is seen as years of neglect - the allocation for the construction of dhobi ghats was a meagre Rs 25 lakh - the Congress government has come up with a substantial package that should help nearly 70,000 rajaka families in the state.Baswaraju Saraiah, the backward classes welfare minister and the lone representative from the rajaka (washermen) community, on Sunday said that the Congress was seized of the problems faced by the members of their community.\"We have been receiving hundreds of representations from MPs, MLAs and sarpanches for the construction of dhobi ghats with access to clean water. The proposal for the construction of 1,393 dhobi ghats underlines the party's commitment to the community,\" he said.The minister said that each dhobi ghat would be constructed at a cost of Rs 2 lakh with the government footing 90% of the expenses and the beneficiaries contributing the remaining 10%. \"In case building costs exceed Rs 2 lakh, the outstanding amount would have to be borne by the respective local body,\" he added.The minister said his government planned to mitigate the troubles faced by the community by extending financial assistance to primary cooperative washermen's societies affiliated to the AP washermen's cooperative societies federation.\"In the coming financial year, we will release Rs 32 crore for the implementation of a financial assistance scheme for washermen to cover 4,300 societies and 64,500 members,\" the minister revealed.Sadly, only 14 dhobi ghats have been constructed in the state in the last three years, with the 2010-11 fiscal year seeing no constructions. The state population of rajakas is estimated at around 60 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12140109", "title": "Sexual harassment case: Bombay HC's interim stay on Dhotre's dismissal", "text": "MUMBAI: In a major setback for the state government, the Bombay High Court last week gave an interim stay on the dismissal of Mohan Dhotre from government service. Dhotre, former commissioner of the labour welfare board, is the first Class I officer to be dismissed from service for sexual harassment.A clerk in the labour welfare board's office had accused Dhotre of demanding sexual favours. Subsequently, the government conducted an inquiry into the allegations. The report found Dhotre guilty and the labour department, with the consent of CM Prithviraj Chavan, dismissed Dhotre in January.Dhotre challenged the government's order in court and obtained interim stay. \"I have complete faith in the Indian judiciary system. I have been framed wrongly and I will take the battle to its legal conclusion,\" . The matter is sub judice and I will not like to speak further on the issue,\" Dhotre said.Dhotre, in his petition, challenged the government's right to dismiss him from service. \"I am appointed by the labour welfare board, which is an autonomous body. If any action has to be initiated against me, it is the board which has the right to do so and not the labour department of the state government,\" Dhotre added.Defending the government's decision, a senior labour department official, on condition of anonymity, said, \"The board is constituted by the government. Even the chairperson is appointed by the government. Hence, despite the board being an autonomous body, there is a provision in the act which empowers the state government to dismiss the commissioner of the board.\"Dhotre has also written to the board to take action against the complainant (identity not revealed to protect the victim) for changing her stand. \"The victim has been changing her stand in this case. In 2002, citing an incident of 2000, the lady levelled allegations of sexual harassment against me. Later in 2004, , in an affidavit,the victim stated that the allegations leveled by her against the accused were false and made on provocation by a section of people,\" Dhotre said. \"Even the Bhoiwada court has acquitted me in the case. But, in 2010 the victim once again started digging the old graves,\" Dhotre added.The complainant has denied Dhotre's allegations. \"It is true that I had withdrawn my complaint. But there was reason to do so. On two occasions, unidentified persons made attempts to kidnap my son from the baby sitting. Out of fear of losing my child, I had withdrawn the sexual harassment charges against Dhotre. But as a few years passed, I regained my lost confidence and courage, following which I am pursuing the case again,\" the victim said.The bureaucrat wants the ACB to expedite the pending inquiry of disproportionate assets against the complainant. \"There is a case against the complainant of accumulating disproportionate assets. The ACB should expedite the fact finding process to punish the 'offender',\" Dhotre added.However in her reply, the victim said, \"Dhotre used a fake identity to lodge a complaint against me in the ACB. I visited the ACB office and have submitted documents of assets owned by me to the police officials so that the inquiry is completed at the earliest. In fact, the pending ACB inquiry against Dhotre should be expedited.\"I am sure that the outcome of the probe would be shocking to everyone.\" \"False allegations and humiliation in the society is what a woman has to face while fighting people having mentality like Dhotre in the society,\" the victim opined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12140538", "title": "Nashik Police register 363 cases in two-day nakabandi", "text": "NASHIK: In a major campaign by the city police to curb the menace of vehicle thefts, chain-snatchings, etc., and also to keep a check on mischief mongers, the city police have undertaken a major drive to check vehicles and register cases against more than two persons travelling on motorbikes. As part of this, surprise nakabandis are being held in different parts of the city simultaneously.On Saturday and in the wee hours of Sunday, the city police checked as many as 867 vehicles and registered a total of 363 cases, apart from 49 cases of persons travelling triple seat on motorbikes. The police recovered Rs 49,100 in fines. The drive was taken up by all 11 police stations in the city simultaneously over the weekend.The most number of triple seat cases were in the jurisdiction of the Satpur police (10 cases), followed by 9 cases in the Deolali Camp area. Only one offence of triple seat was registered between 3 to 5.30am by the Adgaon police. With nearly three to four incidents of vehicle thefts being registered almost daily, the city police have decided to target vehicles which are being driven around without the necessary documents. City police commissioner Kulwant Kumar has decided to launch such drives especially to trace vehicles whose owners don't have the requisite documents.Nakabandis and police patrolling yielded satisfactory results during the election period, as quite a few cases of illegal liquor stocks were cracked by the city police. Recently, the police also busted two robbery attempts during police patrolling.While one gang was nabbed at the Satpur-Ambad link Road, the other was nabbed near the Canada Corner area of the city. Apart from the vehicle checking taken up by all 11 police stations in the city, the traffic branch too has stepped up its drive this year.Last year, until March 3, the traffic department had registered 14,510 cases and recovered Rs 15,13,750 in fines. This year, in the same time period, the traffic department has cracked as many as 24,381 cases and recovered Rs 29,46,550 in fines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12139784", "title": "\u2018Cong to form govt only if it gets majority\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress on Sunday said that it would stake claim to form government in Uttar Pradesh only if it got majority, otherwise it would prefer to sit in the opposition. \"We will stake claim to form the government if we get majority, otherwise we will prefer to sit in the opposition,\" state Congress chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi said.Asked to comment on Congress leader and Union minister Beni Prasad Verma pitching for post-poll alliance with BSP, Joshi said that it was his personal view. About exit polls, which have nudged Congress to the fourth place, Joshi said her party is also analysing the situation, but it is too early to say anything.\"It's too early....Let's wait for March 6 (counting date). We have done our job on the ground and are hopeful of good results. I don't trust exit polls,\" she said. The results would be different from what was shown in the exit polls, she claimed.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12139533", "title": "Apex court warns Talwars against \u2018insinuations\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has warned dentist couple Rajesh and Nupur Talwar from indulging in \"irresponsible insinuations\" on court proceedings relating to the sensational murders of their daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj.A bench of Justices B S Chauhan and J S Khehar had on March 2 dismissed the couple's plea for transfer of the trial of the murder case to Delhi on the grounds of hostile atmosphere and inconvenience besides attributing bias to the special CBI judge dealing with the case.The apex court noted that though the Talwars did not press their charge of bias against the judge, inferences drawn against the court, including the Allahabad high court, were contemptuous as was alleged by the CBI which had opposed the transfer plea.\"We have no doubt, that the basis on which the petitioners (Talwars) are seeking transfer of proceedings are just speculative and unjustified apprehensions based inter alia on vague and non-specific allegations. \"We also wish to caution the petitioners, from making any irresponsible insinuations with reference to court proceedings,\" the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12140768", "title": "Low income deterrent for Muslims in higher education: Survey", "text": "NEW DELHI: Income barrier is a major deterrent for Muslims in higher education. Referring to a sample survey of 2007-08 which shows gross attendance ratio of Muslims at 8.7% as opposed to 16.8% in case of non-Muslims in higher education, a study done by the National University of Educational Planning and Administration advocated mainstreaming madrassas on a par with secondary schools.\"The important characteristics of Muslim participation in higher education is that at higher levels of education like postgraduation, attendance of Muslims falls down considerably. Besides, higher percentage of Muslims (as compared to non-Muslims, 22.4% as compared to 19.2%) ends up doing diploma and certificate below graduate level,\" said the study conducted on 402 Muslim students enrolled in higher education.The findings of the study are likely to be deliberated at the meeting of the National Monitoring Committee for Minorities' Education in Delhi scheduled for Monday. HRD minister Kapil Sibal is going to chair the meet.Another factor that emerges in the study is higher education is an investment for future returns. The study said, \"Continuing traditional profession compelling to join the job market (income barrier) emerges as the main factor for low participation in higher education. On the other hand, expectation of social and economic return from higher education (opportunity for return) also emerges as the main motivating factor for the participation of Muslims in higher education.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12146055", "title": "Mankatha wins!", "text": "Director Venkat Prabhu is quite over the moon.His film Mankatha won quite a few awards at a recently-concluded ceremony in Singapore and he took to his microblogging site to show his happiness and gratitude. The director was ecstatic that his film won top honours in the international awards ceremony and took to thanking his team, especially his lead actor Ajith online for the accolades that the film has fetched him.The director, who first wrote, \"Mankatha dominates!!! Best film, best director, best cinematographer, best supporting actor, best female singer!!!\", later took to congratulating his good friend STR for winning the top honours as far as acting was concerned. Kollywood surely is one happy family, eh?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12139043", "title": "Service tax officer held for taking Rs 15,000 bribe", "text": "Anti-corruption bureau (ACB) sleuths have arrested an assistant commissioner of service tax Babu Solanki accepting a bribe of Rs 15,000 from a businessman. ACB acted on a complaint lodged by Hardik Rao, a resident of Thaltej. Rao had rented his properties near Himalaya Mall to banks.He got a letter from service tax department with tax demand and Solanki told him that he is liable for heavy penalty for non-payment of dues and allegedly asked for bribe. However, the officer said that he could get away lightly by filing an application with an old date. Solanki asked for Rs 15,000 to clear his file.On Thursday, Solanki called him up again and asked him to come to the office.Rao then lodged a complaint with ACB police inspector K T Kamariya, who laid a trap with other staff to nab Solanki.He was caught red-handed accepting the bribe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12140779", "title": "Activists demand city development plan for Belgaum", "text": "BELGAUM: Activists of Karnataka Navanirman Pade (KNP) headed by Rajeev Topannavar staged a protest in front of the Belgaum Urban Development Authority (BUDA) office here on Friday, demanding cancelation of BUDA committee and action against officials for failing to prepare new city development plan (CDP) for the past 17 years.Activists said that, several cities in the state including Mysore and Gulbarga prepared their CDP over 10 year ago. But in Belgaum, BUDA president and officials have not prepared a CDP so far. They also accused the BUDA of supporting real estate business indirectly. Rajeev Topannavar said that, fed up with the delaying tactics of BUDA, the government handed over the responsibility of preparing new CDP for Belgaum city to the state rural and urban development department recently. He demanded action against officials who failed to prepare CDP in the past 17 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12140613", "title": "Seven devotees on way to Dehu killed in accident, 23 injured", "text": "PUNE: Seven elderly devotees, including a woman, died on the spot while 23 sustained severe injuries after the mini truck they were travelling in overturned at a sharp turn at Pimpalvandi village, around 70 km from here on the Nashik-Pune highway on Sunday afternoon.The incident took place when the vehicle, with 30 devotees from Sangamner taluka in Ahmednagar district, was on its way to Dehu for a religious programme. The traffic on the Nashik-Pune highway was thrown out of gear for two hours following the accident.Shankar Autade, assistant inspector attached to the Narayangaon police, said the incident took place as the driver failed to judge the sharp turn near Pimpalvandi. \"The driver, who survived the accident, fled from the spot,\" Autade said.The police have ascertained the identity of six of the victims as Dattu Shinde (60), Aba Khamkar (62), Tarabai Deshmukh (60), Shivaji Karale (65), Sampat Jagtap (60) and Dinkar Kadlag (60), all from Sangamner taluka. The 23 people, who sustained severe injuries, are undergoing treatment at two private hospitals at Ale Phata.Autade said the 30 devotees had left Sangamner on Sunday morning to attend a religious programme in Dehu. Around 2.30 pm, they came at Pimpalvandi village at Ale Phata. \"There is sharp turn on the highway at Pimpalvandi. The driver could not control the vehicle and it overturned,\" Autade said.The impact was such that our persons died on the spot and remaining sustained severe injuries. All were stuck inside the vehicle. Local residents and police rushed the spot andrescued all the persons. \"Three more persons died during the treatment,\" Autade said.Traffic on the highway resumed after two hours after the ill-fated tempo was removed with the help of a crane. The Narayangaon police are investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12141982", "title": "Law seminar: Jodhpur student wins best paper award", "text": "BHOPAL: On the concluding day of a seminar at National Law Institute University (NLIU) on the topic 'critical issues in international commercial arbitration' Animesh Khandelwal of NLIU, Jodhpur, won the best paper award on Sunday.In his paper, Animesh discussed the attitude of the Indian courts in settling arbitration matters which he felt was positively interventionist in nature. He also discussed in detail Arbitration and Conciliation Act 1996 and international arbitration agreements.Centre for Business and Commercial Laws convenor Albin George Thomas said described the interaction between working professionals, academicians and students as satisfactory. The panel found papers well-researched and appreciated. The seminar witnessed the participation from students, teachers and working professionals. The participants discussed a range of issues in the field of international commercial arbitration.Second best paper award went to Kapil Joshi of National Law School, Bangalore while Shubham Kaushal of National Law University, Gujarat won the third best paper award in the seminar.In his address, Kapil Joshi of National Law School of India University, Bangalore discussed the trend of the role of courts. Chief guest Lokayukta of Madhya Pradesh Justice PP Naolekar presided over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12140629", "title": "Correcting that curved spine", "text": "PUNE: Anita's gait was odd, she walked with a one-sided tilt. When she was eight, her parents noticed that the spinal bone close to the shoulder blade had protruded a bit and as she grew older, it started grew prominent. By the time she was nine, the bone jutting from the spine became a worry.Doctors diagnosed the girl with a spinal deformity called scoliosis and advised surgery. Anita is among the few who got treatment in time. Doctors say that progressive scoliosis, if untreated, can result in deformity and cause psychological distress.\"The spine, or backbone, helps hold the body upright. Without the spine's gentle curve down the back, we wouldn't be able to balance, walk, or move properly. But the spine curves from side to side in people with a condition called scoliosis,\" said spine surgeon Ketan Khurjekar, head of the spine department at Sancheti Hospital.The prevalence of scoliosis is four in 1,000 adolescents. Khurjekar sees around 8 to 10 scoliosis patient every month. Among them four get operated for spinal deformity correction.Another spine surgeon Rajesh Parasnis, head of spine department at Oyster and Pearl Hospital said, \"Scoliosis affects 2% of women and .5% of men in the general population. A majority of the curves are mild (81.25%).\" He sees six to eight patients every month, among them two to three undergo surgery every month.Scoliosis can be idiopathic or due to cerebral palsy , polio, congenital spinal deformities, limb length deformity, genetic conditions, muscular dystrophy , neurofibromatosis, spina bifida , tumors etc. \"Over 80% of scoliosis is idiopathic which means that there is no known cause. It can be found even in healthy people,\" Parasnis said.Many cases are found in consanguineous marriages. \"Three to four percent of adolescents will be found to have some form of scoliosis. Most of these will be girls, in which curves may be more progressive. It is four times common than boys,\" say experts.Getting help early is the way ahead. \"Often, the first indication is when a child or the parent notices that clothes no longer fit well (the legs of the trousers may seem uneven). Similarly, the shirt or a kurta is tighter on one side of the body,\" said Khurjekar.Symptoms of scoliosis include obnoxious flank or upper back prominence, back pain , leg length discrepancy, an abnormal gait, and uneven hips. Patients may have one shoulder higher than the other, a 'prominent' shoulder blade and rib cage when bending forward, and visible curving of the spine to one side, he added.\"Every time, surgery is not the only solution. For very small kids plaster techniques and body molded jackets, called as braces or corsets are good options to prevent further progression of scoliosis,\" Khurjekar said.Experts said that less than 50 % patients come to them at the right age for treatment. However, many girls along with their parents approach doctor for spinal deformity or back correction when they attain marriageable age. Many boys seek treatment when they are independent and earning.\"After the maturity and after the age of 20 years, spinal deformity (scoliosis) becomes very rigid and it is very demanding to perform surgery. In adulthood when surgery is performed, it has more extent of surgical morbidity,\" said Khurjekar who has a series of patients in whom surgery has been performed in adulthood with good results.Do schools have a role to play in this ?\"School screening can detect scoliosis early. Generally, it should be carried out for girls in seventh standard. By that time they are in adolescence and scoliosis appears,\" said Khurjekar, an active member of Scoliosis Research Society, an apex organisation worldwide.He has plans of taking a screening camp in Pune soon.Recently, he examined three girls from prime institutions in Pune. Two were from standard VII and one was from standard X. \"This means that scoliosis can affect anyone irrespective of socio-economic background,\" he added.Parasnis also believes that school screening can help detect cases at early stage.\"School screening conducted periodically helps in detecting scoliosis at early stage as teachers spend more time with the children. Early consultation can help patient in getting good results and do help in preventing the progression,\" Parasnis said.Do I Have Scoliosis?* Determining whether or not you have scoliosis is best done by a physician who performs a physical examination of your back. The examination is done with you standing in a relaxed position with your arms at your sides. The physician will view you from behind looking for curvature of the spine, shoulder blade asymmetry, waistline asymmetry and any trunk shift.* You will then bend forward at the waist and the physician will view your back once again to look for the rotational aspect of the scoliosis in the upper part of the back (rib prominence) or in the lower part of your back (flank or waist prominence).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "arambag", "code": "12141426", "title": "Trinamool minister faces ire of party workers", "text": "ARAMBAG: After labour minister Purnendu Bose, it was industries minister Partha Chatterjee's turn to face the ire of the grassroots-level Trinamool Congress workers.During a party meeting in Hooghly's Arambag on Sunday, a local Trinamool leader snatched the microphone from Chatterjee while he was addressing the supporters.On Saturday, Bose too had to face agitated Trinamool men and cut short his speech at a meeting in Behrampore.Chatterjee, however, later claimed that he didn't have to face any problem in Arambag. \"The meetings are aimed to gear up party workers ahead of the rural polls. The party has only one leader - chief minister Mamata Banerjee. There may be grouses in any big party, but the best part of being in Trinamool is that everyone is given a patient hearing. I will find out what the supporters were trying to tell me today.\"But Trinamool's Howrah district president and MLA Tapan Dasgupta had a different take on the incident.Dasgupta said, \"Yes, some issues have been brought to our notice. Collecting subscriptions (for these meetings) is not allowed and everyone should be allowed to take part in the meetings. The allegations today were regarding these issues only. I will look into it.\"Though Chatterjee and Dasgupta wouldn't elaborate, while Chatterjee was delivering his speech, a leader snatched the microphone from him and started shouting that party MLA Krishnachandra Das and Arambag block Trinamool president Shyamal Nandi had been collecting subscriptions to organise this meeting and they invited a select group of people to the gathering at Arambag's Rabindra Bhavan. The speaker also alleged that while people who had been known CPM supporters since 1998 found a place in the meeting, Trinamool old-timers were left out.And while he was saying this, nearly 400 people were demonstrating outside Rabindra Bhavan, claiming that party faithfuls had deliberately been left out of the meeting. They alleged they are the ones who had slogged it out during election campaigns, but couldn't hear a single word of the senior party leaders' directives. The shouting reached such a pitch that both Chatterjee and Dasgupta - and later even police - had to step out of the hall to pacify the supporters.It was only after Chatterjee and Dasgupta - who had to hear several unsavoury comments - promised to look into their allegations themselves did normalcy returned. Chinsurah inspector in charge Sukomal Das said, \"Police had gone there to rein in the boisterous shouting in light of the ongoing Madhyamik examinations. However, they were controlled.\"Earlier on Friday Purnendu Bose left in a huff from a similar meeting in Behrampore after his speech was drowned out by slogans. The supporters were demanding why their leader was not called to the dais. The supporters of former Murshidabad Trinamul chief Sagir Hossain also did not allow the current president and junior fisheries minister Subrata Saha to finish his speech.The senior cabinet ministers are touring districts after being appointed observers by party supremo and chief minister Mamata Banerjee , to formulate the party strategy and gear up workers ahead of the 2013 panchayat elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12140825", "title": "Underground drainage work going at snail's pace", "text": "HUBLI: The underground drainage (UGD) work in the city, taken up by the HDMC with Rs 108 crore budget, is going on at a snail's pace. Several roads have been dug up for laying pipes and the corporation staff has not bothered to cover the roads once the work is done, causing a great deal of inconvenience to pedestrians and vehicle users.The work completion period was fixed at 18 months. But already ten months are over and chances that the work will be completed in the next eight months are remote.The corporation has handed over the work to Eagle Constructions. In the first phase, work is taken up on two stretches -- from Unkal to Gokul Road and from Karwar Road to Kamaripeth. Pipe laying work is undergoing in areas including Vikas Nagar Road, Lingaraj Nagar Road, Toravi Hakkal, Heggeri Road, Shirur Park, Chenpeth Road and Chanakya Puri.The contractors are going slow with the work in most of the areas. The roads dug up for work are left open, and despite repeated appeals and complaints by residents, the corporation authorities have not taken steps to cover the roads for the safety and convenience of the public.Rafeeq and Mohan S, residents of Maruti Nagar said that corporation has left the dug road open in their area for some days. \"We are finding it very difficult to move on the road. The road is dug right in the middle and there are no sign boards in some areas,\" they said.HDMC commissioner K V Trilok Chandra told TOI: \"I noticed that the work is lagging behind. We have imposed penalty over contractors and they have given assurance of completing work within the time in city by assigning more workers for the UGD work.\"Funds delayEagle Constructions staff Kiran Badiger told TOI that delay in release of funds has affected execution of works to some extent. \"Last month, even though we had submitted bills to the corporation, KUIDFC did not release the funds on times. This is one of the reasons for slow pace of work,\" he said.Also, laying pipelines is a tricky work which demands due diligence from workers so that telephone lines, water pipes and HESCOM lines are not affected.While digging up road for laying UGD pipes, these utilities were affected in some areas and hence work was hampered automatically, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12141010", "title": "Fearing government change, UP bureaucrats pack bags", "text": "LUCKNOW: If bureaucratic movement can be any reflection of changing times, there's frenetic activity gripping UP's government offices. While some are packing their bags to leave, others, insiders say, are clearing out their desks, preparing to move to bigger, more spacious offices.Though preparations for movement began well in advance - many senior bureaucrats applied for central deputation in December soon after the elections were notified - proceedings are now gathering steam.Among top names believed to be making their way back into the state at important positions are 1980-batch IAS officer Jai Shankar Mishra, currently serving as chief executive officer of Khadi and Village Industries Commission. Regarded as a confidant of Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav , Misra is also the father of SP candidate Abhishek Mishra, a former IIM professor and first-time contestant from Lucknow North constituency. The only hitch, though, is Misra's retirement is due in March this year. A senior UP government officer, said: \"His closeness to the SP is well-known. As a result, there could be a possibility that Misra comes back to UP, gets an extension and is made the next chief secretary.''If soothsayers and poll pundits are to be believed and the SP is voted to power, there are others in the bureaucracy who can look forward to creamier roles.Anita Singh, currently serving as secretary, department of ddministrative reforms, and believed to be close to Yadav, is also likely to return to prominence. Principal secretary, sports and youth welfare, Kumar Arvind Singh Deo, Deepak Singhal, Neeta Chowdhary and Anil Gupta , sources say, are other bureaucrats who could soon rise to prominence.State cadre officers are not ones to be left behind either. Shambho Singh Yadav, currently posted in the near-defunct gazetteer department, is also ready to climb his way back to the coveted fifth-floor. Known as a trusted Mulayam man, Yadav has been on a side-posting ever since the Mulayam government was voted out in 2007.A senior UP bureaucrat said: \"No one is taking chances. With predictions of a regime change, the best idea is to escape before the power broking begins.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12139652", "title": "MSRTC driver dies after bus hits divider near Sion", "text": "MUMBAI: A MSRTC bus driver died when the Pune-Borivli semi-luxury bus which he was driving jumped over a road divider between Kurla and Sion on Saturday night.The incident occured around 9.15 pm when the bus, which was reportedly coming at speed, accidentally hit the divider near Everard Nagar. A MSRTC spokesperson said that there were 32 passengers on board, but they did not suffer any major injuries.\"The driver, Chandrakant Borke (51), banged his head and sustained internal injuries. He was taken to Sion hospital and declared dead,\" he said.The corporation is waiting for the PM report as the exact cause of death is not known. The spokesperson further said that there were unconfirmed reports that the driver had suffered from a stroke and this led to the accident.The bus was headed for Sion from where it would have taken a U-turn to the western suburbs and culminated at Borivli depot.The MSRTC has instituted an inquiry into the cause of the accident. Said an official,\"After the Pune incident in which our driver was responsible for mowing down nine persons and injuring several others, passenger safety and those of pedestrians and fellow motorists is our top concern. We want to find out why the Pune-Mumbai bus, known for very few mishaps, hit the divider. The report will be out soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12141347", "title": "Delays make affordable houses unaffordable", "text": "JAIPUR: Developing slum areas gets major thrust of the state government under its various affordable housing schemes (AHS). But very often, slum dwellers in the city find these affordable houses beyond their means, thanks to rising prices owing to prolonged delays.The Rajasthan Housing Board (RHB) was to construct 1,400 houses in the first phase and 2,976 in the second phase for below poverty line (BPL) families in Dwarkapuri scheme at Pratap Nagar. The project, which was envisaged in 2006 and expected to be completed in 2008, got delayed. Even now it is far from completion. The delay has led to a steep rise in the cost of construction and the additional cost is being passed on to BPL families by raising installment amount.Originally, the houses were estimated to be built at the cost of Rs 2.85 lakh. Since the construction could not be completed as per the schedule, the cost of the houses has shot up to Rs 5.70 lakh now.Families with a monthly earning of Rs 5,000 or less were eligible for the scheme. Unfortunately, as per the current price of the houses, they have to shell out an installment of Rs 4,900.An RHB official said, the installment at original prices could have been around Rs 1,300-1,500, which would have been easier for the people to pay up. But it is difficult for somebody having a monthly income of Rs 5,000 or less to pay Rs 4,900 as monthly installment.Of the five different categories AHS, slum development is also done under various schemes approved by government of India. In some cases the \"Mumbai Model\" of slum redevelopment followed by roping in private sector. The state government is constructing houses 5,775 houses in Jaipur in phase-I. In phase-II 6,000 more houses will be constructed.But unless the projects are completed on time, the well-intended benefits will never reach the targeted people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12140752", "title": "Goraya comes back home to release album", "text": "LUDHIANA: The experience of performing in hometown was unmatchable, said singer Simran Goraya, 26, who released his latest album 'Bad Man' at a function held at SCD Government College, Civil Lines, on Saturday. He has already released this album in countries like Sweden, Finland and Norway during his Europe tour but in India, he chose his hometown to release it.Resident of Sector 32, Goraya's album was released by Nice Sweden Association founder Ranjeet Singh Dhaliwal. Goraya enthralled the audience with songs from his albums. Multi-talented Goraya is a lyricist, music director and has also acted in his albums. He released his first solo album 'Kinaare' in the year 2007. With the success of the first album, he came out with two more albums 'Aashiq' and 'Hyper'.On asked the reason behind the name 'Bad Man', he said his last album had a song which had an image of a bad man and people had liked it very much.Laughter Challenge fame Rajbir Kaur and singer Raj Brar Goraya along with Goraya put up a power packed show at the event, organized by Punjab Sewa Manch and Singh brothers. The auditorium was jam packed and students were even seen standing clinging to the doors of the auditorium.Student Sukhmanjeet Singh of Gill Road said he enjoyed to the fullest. He said he and his friends had a blast at the event. Gurpreet Singh of Sarabha Nagar said what more can he expect than this. \"We got a chance to shake leg with these performers, it was so nice,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12141563", "title": "Integrated water resource management plan need of the hour", "text": "JAIPUR: With seven of the 13 panchayats in Jaipur district being declared as notified area by the Central Ground Water Authority (CGWA), the officials at the ground water department say it's about time the state strictly implements projects to recharge the groundwater level.The state government should draw an integrated water resource management plan, and be strict in implementing the projects, an official said.\"Due to silting, water recharge is not possible in a natural manner. Artificial recharging system can directly recharge 90 % of the water which runs off after the rains,\" said Yogesh Sharma, senior hydrologist and nodal officer at state groundwater department.Officials said a supply of 140 litres per capita per day (lpcd) is sufficient, and in states like Rajasthan more stress should be laid on using water judiciously.\"If Amanishah Nullah is developed as a recharge belt once again, the panchayats in the Jaipur city will witness a change in water level,\" said Sharma.Officials also suggested that water bodies like 'baoris' and stepwells should be revived before the monsoon to make the most of rain drop. Currently, stepwells are being used as garbage dumpyards in several areas.On August 13, 2011 CGWA had declared Sambhar, Sanganer, Govind Gargh, Bassi, Amer, Shahpura were declared notified panchayats after over exploitation of groundwater resources. Earlier, Jhotwara was the only notified panchayat in Jaipur district. In the notified panchayats, boring can be done only after seeking the collector's permission and that too for drinking purposes only.Officials also said the authorities have to be strict in monitoring the construction of water harvesting structures. The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) amended its bylaws in March 2010 and made it mandatory for any housing unit over 300 sq mt to set up a rainwater harvesting structure. The amendment however, failed to have the desired impact.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12146720", "title": "Bihar govt refuses to divulge names of 'tainted' IPS officers", "text": "PATNA: Bihar government on Monday refused to make public names of 15 'tainted' Bihar cadre IPS officers who were under investigation for various charges against them.Replying to a supplymentary question by the leader of opposition Abdul Bari Siddique during zere hour in assembly, water resources department minister Vijay Kumar Chaudhary said it would not be appropriate to make public the names of the tainted IPS officers who were being investigated for various charges.There was no need to reveal names of the tainted IPS officers during investigation against them as it might damage their reputation, he said.The leader of opposition might get the names of the IPS officers under RTI, the minister said.Reply to a short notice question by BJP MLA Achyutanand, Chaudhary said that 25 Bihar cadre IPS officers who were investigated for various charges against them out of which four were exonerated of all charges, while one was penalized.The investigation against five IPS officers have been completed and forwarded to the Centre and the UPSC for taking action, while investigation was underway against 15 others, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12143854", "title": "John Abraham\u2019s nose job", "text": "John Abraham hurt his nose on the sets of Sanjay Gupta's Shootout At Wadala, produced by Ekta Kapoor . The incident happened on Thursday night at Vashi.Apparently, a junior artiste punched John's nose very hard. The actor's nose started bleeding almost immediately. An eye-witness told Mumbai Mirror, \"A doctor was summoned to the sets. Later, John had to undergo a few tests to rule out a crack in his nose.\"The junior artiste was supposed to punch Abraham only lightly. \"He did it quite hard and even mistimed it a bit. The junior artiste was profusely apologetic, later. The shoot was stalled for an hour and a half,\" added the eye-witness.Abraham has to report on the sets of Shootout At Wadala from March 9.Abraham has hurt himself for the second time in the last two weeks. Recently, he hurt his back on the sets of Abbas Mustan's Race 2. While Abraham remained unavailable for comment, his spokesperson confirmed the story.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12141546", "title": "UPSC exam pattern may change by 2013", "text": "In a free-wheeling interview to TOI correspondent Shoeb Khan , UPSC chairman DP Agrawal shared his views on changing the exam format, corruption cases involving bureaucrats, and likely effect of reforms on the education system. Agarwal was in Kota to confer degrees to toppers of Rajasthan Technical University (RTU)Q. Do you feel the need to change the pattern of UPSC exam?Ans: Change in inevitable. The change in format of Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) exam is necessary with rapid changes in our education system. The old method is not ineffective but needs to be revamped to keep a pace with the time. There are three stages in UPSC exam- preliminary, mains and personality test (interview). UPSC has already constituted a high-power panel to look into the matter. Its report is expected to come out early next year. It is most likely to be in effect from 2013.Q. With corruption cases involving bureaucrats being reported almost everyday, does it reflect an inability to select the right candidates?Ans: I disagree. UPSC always selects candidate judging his/her integrity, honesty and intelligence. The immediate way out is a continuous assessment of bureaucrats at various stages to minimise the possibility of their involvement in any malpractice.Q. Do you feel that reforms in school education (scrapping Class X boards and introducing continuous and comprehensive evaluation) will help in churning out good students, who in turn, can become good administrative officers?Ans: This system has allowed students to experiment, innovate and be creative, which was not possible in an examination-driven system. The learning must be individual and continuous, and should not be based on rote. This will bring a positive change in the society, and likewise in administrative officers.Q. Has the introduction of various competitive exams at primary level taken away the childhood from our children?Ans: The expectations of parents who always want to see their wards excelling in academics have shaped the mentality of students in such a way that children are highly motivated to participate in all kinds of exams. In the process, they take a lot of stress , which takes a toll on their health.Q. Do you think the Right to Education Act is a tool for social change?Ans: Yes, it will bring a big change in our society. This Act came at a right time and in next 10 years, it will deliver the results. By providing students of economically disadvantaged groups a fair excess to quality education along with a holistic environment, good meal and discipline will teach them to live with dignity.Q In your opinion, should the government give weightage to Class X and XII marks in competitive exams?Ans: It should have been done from day one. School scores are very important as it reflects the overall academic proficiency of students, since their foundation years.Q: How can educational institutes raise the level of academics?Ans: They have to expand and promote research work. The state and Centre-funded universities should be given full freedom to work towards this aim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12140765", "title": "At 62, Parvathy makes it a family affair", "text": "KOCHI: Parvathy was the first person to pass SSLC from her native village of Kumbathumpala, a remote village in Wayanad.She has also many other firsts to her credit including being the first woman from her village to secure a government job.At 62, Parvathy became the last member in her family to enroll as an advocate on Sunday. A retired headmistress of Government Vocational Higher Secondary School (GVHSS), Perumbavoor, Parvathy will soon join her husband Ayyappan who is practicing in Perumbavoor Magistrate Court. Besides her husband, her son Anoop Kumar, daughter Dhanya and daughter-in-law Sajeena hold masters degree in law. \"I was the eldest of the ten children in a poor family. My family and I had to toil much to see through our education. Now I am satisfied that I could reach so far,\" Parvathy told TOI.In 1978, Parvathy started her career as a lower division clerk in the assistant education office in Sultan Batthery. She was promoted as UD clerk later, but quit the post to join as junior employment officer. Meanwhile, she got married to Ayyappan of Perumbavoor in 1979. There she took up the career of a high school teacher in GVHSS.In 2008, she superannuated from the service as headmistress of the school. She then joined Ernakulam Law College to pursue degree in law. \"All the members of my family have been encouraging me to join the college. While teaching students in the 9th standard about the Indian constitution and law, I had a longing for taking a degree in law,\" she said. Her days at the college were interesting as all other students were the age of her children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12139718", "title": "HUDA may give out Sector-29 theatre on lease", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) is likely to give the open-air theatre in Sector-29 on lease to Kingdom of Dreams.Sources in the government said that the proposal to give a go-ahead to this plan has reached the HUDA headquarters in Panchkula. A decision is likely to be held soon in this regard.The open-air theatre has a seating capacity for at least 300 persons. As of now, it's under-utilized, though it was built with an investment of approximately Rs 80 lakh to promote it as a happening centre in the new city.In fact, when the HUDA auditorium and the open-air theatre were conceived, there were no signs of an exclusive entertainment centre like the KoD. and executed Sources said that the space can be best utilized by the new entertainment centre that is located adjacent to the open-air theatre.\"If it's given on lease to KoD, the government can earn some revenue. We understand that the entertainment hub also need to more space for their future activities. The modalities can be worked out,\" said a senior Haryana government official.This move by HUDA comes months after a face-off had happened between the development authority and the management of KoD over non-payment/ partial payment of lease amount to HUDA. The authority had even threatened to snap the deal before a solution was found.Sources said that with the entertainment centre becoming the hotspot in the recent years, they would want it to do better shows and attract tourists and visitors from other cities and abroad.\"At the end of the day, it brings people to Gurgaon and the city benefits. But at the same time, we have to ensure that state's interest is protected,\" said one of the officials privy to the recent development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12140814", "title": "Beggars' Rehabilitation Centre to get new amenities", "text": "DHARWAD: The Beggars' Rehabilitation Centre located at Rayapur near Dharwad is all set to get an open air theatre, a workshop and a new dormitory.Deputy commissioner Darpan Jain said on Sunday that a proposal has been sent to the government seeking Rs 60 lakh for construction of a new dormitory for mentally unsound women inmates, an open air theatre to hold cultural programmes for inmates and also a workshop cum training centre on entrepreneurship.Responding positively to the district administration, the government has accepted the proposal and will be releasing the grants soon, he added.Apart from this, the government has allotted an additional Rs 20 lakh to the administration towards improving the basic amenities. The funds will be utilized for installing a solar heater, constructing compound wall, walking track and also carpeting the inner roads. The district administration would also be providing steam cooking wares and also a washing machine.Answering a query, Jain said, trainers are regularly coming to the centre and are teaching the inmates to prepare files, envelopes, chalk pieces, broom stick and the like.Now, emphasis has been given to develop the garden and see that the inmates are trained on making flower bouquets and also grow more horticulture crop.Referring to the activities held in the centre, Jain stated that religious discourses are held regularly for the inmates. In addition, yoga camp, eye check-up camp and literacy programme are being organized.\"Two days ago, health camp was organized for the more than 100 inmates staying here and one has been detected with HIV positive. Now, he has been linked to the health department and will be given ART treatment\" Jain said.Dress, slippers distributedThe members of the Innerwheel Club of Hubli Mid-Town as part of their social service activity, distributed 160 pairs of slippers, dress materials for men inmates of the rehabilitation centre, while sarees, and other ladies costumes for the female inmates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12139698", "title": "Teenaged girl raped, smothered to death", "text": "KANPUR: A 19-year-old girl was raped and murdered in Gandhigram on Saturday. She was alone in the house at the time of the incident.The murder came to light late on Saturday night when her sister called the girl on her mobile phone from Lucknow. When she got no response, the harried sister contacted the neighbours, who found the teenager lying dead. A case under Section 376 and 302 of IPC was registered.Anjali alias Nancy, daughter of Surendra Singh, a resident of Hata Deoria, was raped and smothered to death by unidentified miscreants at her grandparents house in Gandhigram in Chakeri.Nancy's grandfather Veerbali, a retired HAL employee and his wife Damyanti had gone to his native place in Hata Deoria about a week back. The girl was staying alone since then.Nancy's younger sister Sainky, who stays in Lucknow with her relatives, had tried to call her on her phone. On getting no response, Sainky asked the neighbours to go to her sister's house and apprise her about the situation.The neighbours saw Nancy lying in a semi-nude condition in a pool of blood in her room in the double-storied house.Nancy's parents had sent her to Kanpur to stay with her grandparents for further studies.\"The assailants were probably known to Nancy, who might have smothered the girl to death after sexually assaulting her,\" a police official said.Senior police officials visited the site. During an inquiry at the locality, residents of the area informed that at around 11 am, they had spotted Nancy on her way back home from a nearby shop with a couple of packets of noodles which were served in two bowls in the room from where the body was recovered.The police said that several suspected persons have been detained for interrogation. The call details of the suspected persons and Nancy are being collected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12140134", "title": "Food adulteration peaks during festivals: FDA", "text": "KANPUR: Delicacies like gujia, thandai, chips, papads and other sweets are synonymous with Holi. But one dangerous trend associated with the festivals is fast developing since the past few years. It is adulteration in food products. From dry fruits to khoya, from chips-papad to thandai, milk, oils, paneer and curd, almost everything is adulterated these days.Though the officials of Food and Drug Authority have geared up to check adulteration, the customers too need to exercise caution, an FDA official DR Mishra said. \"Buy sweets of light colours. The sweets during festivals are prepared in bulk and weeks in advance.To cope up with the demand, oil and khoya used in preparing these sweets is highly adulterated. Poisonous chemicals like argamone mexicana and deadly butter yellow dye are added to the oil,\" Mishra added. Paneer, khoya and milk are generally adulterated with starch which is used to give a thick, rich texture to these products. Mustard seed and mustard oil is generally adulterated by argamone seeds. Also, 'palm stearin', a non-edible by-product of crude palm oil, is used as an adulterant in vanaspati ghee. 'Semolina' is another ingredient which is used to prepare synthetic milk and sold during festivals. Spices like turmeric and pulses such as moong or channa are also adulterated with adulterant like metanil yellow.Black pepper can have papaya seeds, used to add bulk to the product. Even coffee powder can have adulteration of tamarind seeds or chicory powder. \"People should purchase properly packed spices of ISI or AGMARK certified companies. Milk products must be consumed of renowned brands,\" said another expert. To test adulteration, take a sample of the product, add little water to it and boil. Cool to room temperature and add a drop or two of iodine solution. If the solution turns blue, it marks the presence of starch. This test can be conducted to check adulteration in milk products like khoya, curd and sweets.According to health experts, use of urea, white ink, soda, blotting paper can lead to gastritis or loose motions. But if one keeps on consuming such products for a longer time it could even damage liver and kidneys. Dr Shailendra Tiwari of Ursula Horsman Hospital said that artificial colours used in the sweets can lead to nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, skin ailments and cause paralysis in extreme cases. The adulterated 'ghee' may cause allergy, tingling of the sensory nerves and allergic arthritis , if consumed for longer period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12141341", "title": "Illegal mobile tower to go: Panchayat", "text": "MAPUSA: The Saligao village panchayat has issued a stop order notice to a mobile tower coming up in its jurisdiction at Abreu vaddo. Locals have been opposing the illegal mobile tower as it was coming up in a residential area where there exists a government school. They have also written to various authorities such as the block development officer, Bardez deputy collector, senior town planner, chief town planner, collector and also to the director of panchayats to look into the matter.A group of villagers from Abreuwaddo in Saligao recently took a delegation to the Sarpanch asking him to intervene as no construction licence has been issued by the panchayat for mobile tower construction. Subsequently, taking cognizance of the same, the panchayat immediately issued a stop work order.Sarpanch Lucas Remedios said the panchayat had only given an NOC and not construction licence for erecting the mobile tower. \"Panchayat had not given any construction licence to the project,\" Remedios said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "12140648", "title": "Mandya scribes boycott government functions", "text": "MANDYA: Journalists in Mandya boycotted a series of government-sponsored functions attended by home minister R Ashoka and municipal administration minister Balachandra Jharkiholi on Sunday protesting against attack on journalists by the advocates in Bangalore on Friday.In Malavalli, over 100 journalists wore black bands and held placards in front of the stage where Ashoka was inaugurating development works. They raised slogans against him and walked out of the function.Earlier, at a meeting of the Mandya district working Journalists' Association, members took a decision to boycott the functions attended by the ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12149370", "title": "Drunk driving: 585 caught in 4 days", "text": "New Delhi: Around 600 drunk drivers were caught in the capital in the past four days during a pre-Holi drive with police today warning people driving under the influence of alcohol that they will have to spent Holi in jail.As many as 146 drunk drivers were caught last night, taking the total number of prosecutions to 585 in the past four days. While similar number of people were challaned on Saturday night, 175 were caught on Friday for drunken driving. Another 118 were caught on Thursday night.\"It seems everyday is irresponsible day and people would take chances on any day to drink and drive. It is not that only on weekend people drink and drive. On any day we are the same.\"We will continue our drive to account for violations and am sure jails will find space for these people so that on Holi they remain locked up rather than create nuisance on roads for themselves and others,\" Joint Commissioner of Police (Traffic) Satyendra Garg said.Garg said he wished police had the resources to account for every violator at all places, at all times of night for these drunk drivers.\"Maybe social control in terms of parents, families is missing to discourage people from drunk driving,\" he said.The city police have warned Delhiites not to take advantage of Holi and indulge in drunken driving this week as they are to enforce more discipline on roads to ensure an accident-free festival.Garg said in just two months, nearly 700 people have been awarded jail terms.\"Are these not sufficient to put reason in people's mind to change themselves...But obviously, jail term, possibility of injuries and even death cannot make them sane...By the time Holi ends, it (the number of prosecutions) may be 2,000,\" he said.\"Last year on the day of Holi, we caught about 800 drunk drivers. If they do not modify their habits we will persist with our efforts do discipline them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12139210", "title": "Afghan fiance kills US citizen, nabbed at IGI Airport", "text": "NEW DELHI: An Afghan national studying in Russia allegedly stabbed his 21-year-old American fiancee to death at a guesthouse in Jangpura in south Delhi. He was apprehended hours later at IGI Airport on Sunday morning, just as he was about to catch a flight to Afghanistan .The victim, Paimana Khanjar, 21, a US citizen of Afghan origin on her first visit to India, was found dead by a friend on Saturday night, with a knife in her abdomen. Police called it a crime of passion committed by her fiance - Omid Milad Hussain Khill, an Afghan national living in Russia - after she reportedly wanted to break off the engagement.Alert Immigration officials identified Omid at the airport after cops had issued a 'lookout circular' on him. Omid had booked himself on an Air India flight to Kabul.The murder came to light when Paimana's Indian friend, Ridhi (name changed), went to meet her at the guesthouse around 11.30pm on Saturday.\"When I entered her room, I saw blood all over. Heading to the bed, I saw her lying lifeless with a knife in her stomach. I thought her fiance had also been attacked, so I went to look in the kitchen and bathroom but found no one there,\" she said. Ridhi raised an alarm and called in the guesthouse staff.Nabbed at IGI moments before great escapeThe killer was nabbed within 12 hours of the crime and just minutes before he was to board a flight to Kabul. It would have been a great escape for the American national, but for the swift reaction of Delhi Police and fast thinking by immigration authorities at IGI. And what unfolded was a dramatic sequence of events that led to the arrest of Omid Hussain, hours after he snuffed out the life of the woman he had wanted to marry. A lookout circular was issued to airports across the country, Omid's phone was put on surveillance and all exit points in the city were blocked.A senior police officer, said, \"A lookout circular is used by immigration authorities to check whether a passenger is wanted by police. It can be used at immigration checks at international borders, airports or sea ports. In India, the circular has a performa with identification parameters that help police nab absconding criminals.\"Paimana's friend said the murder was planned days in advance. Speaking to TOI, she said: \"Last night, Paimana left home after 10pm and her friend wanted to accompany her. But Omid insisted she can join them only after an hour. He was categorical. Don't come before 11.10pm. So the murder was premeditated.\"And it didn't take long for cops to identify the killer. Omid was missing from his room, where the murder took place. Additional CP, southeast, Ajay Chaudhry told TOI that investigations were taken up late at night. Teams were quickly formed to execute the strategy. \"At first we concentrated on the airport and railway station. Escape routes from the city were monitored and airports were put on alert.\"Sources told TOI Omid called his parents and informed them about the incident. \"They got worried and told him to return. He went to the airport, bought a ticket for Kabul at the Air India counter and entered the airport. He even had his security checks done and was waiting at the immigration counter when he was spotted,\" a police officer said.Police are yet to clarify whether it was pre-planned murder or a crime of passion. They said the accused will be taken on remand and interrogated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12139549", "title": "7 hurt in cylinder explosion", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seven persons, including six children, received burn injuries after a Liquified Petroleum Gas (LPG) cylinder exploded inside a house in southwest Delhi, police said on Sunday. The incident took place around 11am at Mahavir Enclave in the Dabri area..The house where the explosion occurred belongs to one Jaiveer who was also injured.\"The people on the street were injured due to the explosion,\" said a senior cop. The injured were identified as Jaiveer (29), Ravi (16), Pratham (4), Aryan (7), Manav (3), Ritik (8) and Priyanka (7). They were rushed to three different hospitals and are said to be stable now, said police. Gas leakage appears to be the reason behind the explosion, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12140049", "title": "Trains running packed to capacity due to festive rush", "text": "KANPUR: With only three days left in the festival Holi, the Kanpur Central railway station is once again abuzz with passenger activities. The rush in the trains will continue till March 20. The ongoing wedding season is also drawing passengers from different cities to the industrial town. The trains plying through Kanpur Central therefore, are running packed these days. Be it the sleeper or the AC class there are hardly any vacant berths in the trains. People are availing the facility of buying tickets in the 'Tatkal' quota. Long queues of passengers can be seen at the ticket booking counters at the railway station.Mainly the rush of passengers is seen on Kanpur-New Delhi route. Therefore, several trains bound towards New Delhi and vice-vsersa are packed to their capacities. The worst hit is Shramshakti express that originates from Kanpur Central railway station. The festival of Holi is on March 8. The offices will close down from March 7 itself and March 10 and 11 are Saturday and Sunday respectively. With so many holidays to avail in one go, hundreds of people are going out for vacations. Also a large number of people would be reaching Kanpur from places like Delhi, Ghaziabad, Gurgaon, Faridabad, Noida to celebrate the festival of Holi with the near and dear ones. As such, for securing confirmed berth in the trains, people are making all possible efforts. Apart from this rush, the passengers frequenting between Kanpur and Delhi remains huge all throughout the year. To encash this situation the travel agents are providing the travellers with confirmed tickets.Deepu Gupta, a prominent city based travel agent at Birhana Road informed, \"The Delhi route is the busiest and there is no ticket availability till March 20. All major trains on the Delhi route are witnessing heavy rush.This is happening due to the ongoing marriage season at present. A large number of passengers are travelling from one city to another for solemnising marriages. We have booked a number of tickets for those heading on wedding ceremonies. Also, a large number of people will be coming back to Kanpur from other cities on the occasion of Holi. Therefore, there is no ticket availability from Delhi to Kanpur between March 2 to 7.\"Speaking on the similar lines, another travel agent near railway station said, \"The summer season has almost begin. In the month of May, most of the schools get closed down for summer holidays. It is this time when people flock towards hills and other tourist destinations and the booking for the same begins atleast two months in advance. Thus, on a daily basis we address more than three hundred queries of passengers and get their reservations done.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12141181", "title": "In US, meltdown leads to obese people losing flab", "text": "WASHINGTON: A number of obese people in the US have lost considerable amount of flab in the last three years since the start of the recession in 2007, a new study has revealed.Researchers are baffled with the findings as previous studies suggested that low-income families prefer to buy foods which are cheaper, but higher in calories, due to the global financial meltdown.In their study, the researchers at Arizona University used data collected from 350,000 adults across the US, the 'Daily Mail' online reported.People were asked for their height and weight, to calculate their Body Mass Index (BMI). The WHO considers a person obese if they have a BMI score of 30 or over, and overweight if they have a score of between 25 and 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12139613", "title": "MCD in total mess under BJP: Sheila Dikshit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit attacked BJP on Sunday for its alleged \"total failure\" in providing civic services from the day it came to power in the MCD in 2007. She also appealed to the people to vote for those with \"development agenda\" in civic polls next month.The present MCD had been lacking efficiency and a proper work culture right from the day it took over the reins. There was total mess and nothing was moving as per any approved plan, Dikshit said.\"The decision to trifurcate the MCD would prove to be in the interests of Delhi and its citizens,\" Dikshit said addressing a meeting in Central Delhi.The elections to the civic agencies - North, South and East Delhi municipalities - will be held on April 15 and the election code of conduct will come into force from Monday.Alleging widespread graft in the BJP-ruled MCD, she also mentioned about the 'ghost employee scam'. \"The case of ghost employees was testimony to the ongoing corruption in the civic body. The corruption of the party is being exposed with every passing day,\" she said.According to CM, Delhiites have lost confidence in MCD due to its failure to perform even the basic duty of cleaning. \"The new set up will result in an efficient administration. There will be three commissioners and three mayors to implement major projects,\" she said. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12140465", "title": "26/11: Doubts remain over Pakistani panel\u2019s visit to India", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Pakistani judicial commission's visit to India in connection with the 26/11 terror attack case continues to remain uncertain as Islamabad has so far not followed up with New Delhi on the nitty-gritty of the itinerary despite its interior minister Rehman Malik's announcement that the panel will go to Mumbai on March 12.As Pakistan repeatedly failed to keep its dates regarding the panel's visit in the past, home ministry officials here are sceptical about Malik's announcement.The panel is supposed to take statements of officers linked to the 26/11 probe including additional chief metropolitan magistrate R V Sawant Waghule and investigating officer Ramesh Mahale and also the doctors who carried out the post-mortem examination of the terrorists killed during the attack.The visit of the commission has been pending for close to two years and it has been delayed due to one reason or the other. Pakistan had agreed to send its judicial panel to India during the home secretary-level talks between the two countries here in March last year.\"But despite conveying dates several times in the past one year, they have failed to visit India citing one or the other reason. The last time they cancelled a pre-scheduled visit was in the first week of February. We don't think the Pakistani commission is going to come anytime soon,\" an official said.Pakistan's contention is that the charges against the LeT operatives including Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, Zarar Shah and others -- lodged in a jail there -- were based on Ajmal Kasab's statement in Mumbai and, hence, it was necessary to submit the magistrate's and the investigating officer's statements to the anti-terror court.\"Had Pakistan been serious about speeding up the trial of the accused in Pakistani court, it would not have delayed the visit,\" said another official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12140557", "title": "Production of foodgrain drops by 25% in state", "text": "PUNE: There is a drop of about 25% in foodgrain production during 2011-12 as compared to the previous fiscal as area under kharif and rabi crops reduced because of lower rainfall during the withdrawal phase of monsoon.State agriculture commissioner Umakant Dangat said, \"Foodgrain production - cereals and pulses - was 154.18 lakh tonne in 2010-11, which reduced to 115.99 lakh tonne this year. The figures are almost final and would be submitted to the state government soon.\"The area under cultivation dropped by 19%, but production went down by 25% which also underscores the dip in productivity despite use of seeds that give high yield, he said.As per the 2010-11 economic survey of the state, Maharashtra has high urbanization with 42% of the 11 crore population residing in urban areas.When asked about drop in the production and growing population, he said, \"Good quality agricultural land is mostly used for cultivation of sugarcane, cotton, grapes, pomegranate and banana. Land having less irrigation facilities is left for foodgrain, which has affected the productivity of the state. Farmers are giving up foodgrain cultivation and shifting to horticulture because of higher returns. With increase in population and demand for food, more foodgrain will have to be bought from neighbouring states at higher prices.\"The state produced 47.5 lakh tonne of cereals and 13.58 lakh tonne of pulses in 2010-11. This year, it has come down to 24.4 lakh tonne (-49 %) and 7.60 lakh tonne (-44%) respectively. It is a major concern, Dangat said. Rabi production is largely dependent on rainfall during the withdrawal phase of monsoon.Production of cereals is also affected to a large extent this year. It has dropped by 49%, Dangat said.Kharif being the major season, cereals production came down from 74.70 lakh tonne to 70.17 lakh tonne (6%). During the corresponding period, pulses production took a dip from 17.33 lakh tonne to 13.24 lakh tonne (24%). State reported production of 83.41 lakh tonne of foodgrains, which is lower by 9% compared to 2010-11 production of 92.08 lakh tonne.Maharashtra accounts for 6% of the national foodgrain production. The state produced 154.18 lakh tonne foodgrains in 2010-11 while national production was pegged at 2,415.7 lakh tonne. Punjab, Haryana, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh are major foodgrain producing states in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144391", "title": "Karan Kundra back on TV", "text": "Actor Karan Kundra, who was last seen in the show Kitani Mohabbat Hai, will be back on the small screen.Only, this time, he will be seen in an altogether different avatar. Karan, who has been out of the limelight after the sequel to Kitani Mohabbat Hai, will now amuse his fans as a host to a crime show. Yes, Karan will be seen as a host to a new show on Channel [V]. Channel [V], which has a number of new shows lined up for this month, has come up with yet another show related to the youth, but a completely different one. The channels' upcoming show Gumraah - the end of innocence, will focus on crimes committed by youngsters and will also have psychologists commenting on their mindset based on the crimes.The one hour show will see narration of the tale by persons who are associated with the youngster, and the scene of crime will be re-enacted by actors. Launching on March 11, 2012, this show will see the small screen actor Karan Kundra donning a host's cap for the first time.Well, how does Karan fare as a host to a television show, only time will tell.Television hottie Karan Kundra will be seen hosting a new show related to teenage crime", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12140417", "title": "Don\u2019t close your eyes to harmful Holi colours", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Gone are the days when only flowers and herbal colours were used for playing Holi, so watch your eyes more than the skin while playing the festival of colours. Doctors say more than skin, its the eyes which are at risk and not taking care of these can result in eye irritation or allergies and possible temporary blindness .Also, those who are suffering with respiratory allergies like bronchitis or asthma must play with care as their asthma may worsen.Doctors warn that the chemicals from the dye used to make Holi colours can result in loss of vision. \"The exact composition of the dyes used in the colours is not known. But these are harmful and can affect the eyes from irritation, redness, swelling to severe allergies,\" said Dr S P S Grewal, city-based ophthalmologist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12141444", "title": "Trinamool takes out rally, chokes Rajarhat", "text": "KOLKATA: The list of rallies over the last few days got a bit longer on Sunday with Trinamool Congress organizing a procession on a 7-km stretch from Baguiati's Narayanpur to Rajarhat's Chinar Park.Sunday's rally holds significance precisely for two reasons. One, it was supposed to be a mark of protest against the clash that broke out between the ruling party and the CPM on the bandh day. And secondly, the same procession was also seen as Trinamool's answer to CPM's huge rally at the same venue just a day before.Traffic was severely disrupted due to the rally on and off VIP Road as hundreds of Trinamool supporters poured in. All the surrounding roads were closed, forcing motorists to wait till the rally got over.Senior Trinamool leaders Mukul Roy, Madan Mitra and Jyotipriya Mullick took part at the rally. Trinamool demanded the arrest of Rajarhat Gopalpur municipality chairman Tapas Chatterjee. The party had earlier charged Chatterjee for leading the attacking mob.Only on Saturday, Left chairman Biman Bose and North 24-Parganas district secretary Gautam Deb organised a rally at the same place, protesting against the same issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12140254", "title": "Construction firm to return booking amount", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Holding a Delhi-based construction company guilty of unfair trade practices, district consumer redressal forum directed it to return Rs 6.5 lakh, which was submitted as an installment, to the complainant. Besides, a fine of Rs 15,000 has also been imposed on the company.The complainant Pushpinder Singh Sidhu had booked a flat with Unitech Limited, Saket, New Delhi, through their Chandigarh representative by paying an initial sum of Rs 6.5 lakh in June 2006. The construction of the flat had started in July 2007 at Noida in Uttar Pradesh.\"When I visited the construction site, I found the actual area and design of the flat were not as per the representation made earlier. I had booked the flat after being satisfied with the representation. As the flat never turned out to be as promised earlier, I did not accept the allotment letter,\" said Sidhu. The construction company refused to pay back the booking amount when Sidhu demanded. \"I visited the company's office many times, seeking refund of the amount, but to no avail. Later they even stopped the construction in 2008. Surprisingly, instead of refunding the amount, the company started demanding more money, without considering the fact that I had never accepted the allotment letter-cum-contract,\" he added.After listening to the arguments, the consumer forum held the construction company accused of deficiency in their service and directed it to refund the booking amount to the complainant. Besides, the company was also asked to pay Rs 15,000 as litigation cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12142023", "title": "Jumping red light to invite action from traffic police", "text": "BHOPAL: Think twice before you decide to jump that red signal next time. Traffic police department has decided to act tough on those who flout traffic rules, by putting in good use of the surveillance cameras installed at 16 main intersections of the city. Also don't get puzzled if the postman delivers at your doorsteps a notice from the traffic police department asking you to appear before them for violating traffic rules.All these efforts are being made at a time when the staff-starved traffic police is struggling to control the chaotic city trafficto track down violators and to slap fine on them.Deputy superintendent of police (Traffic) MS Chhari said \"Vehicles getting into the eye of dome cameras for violating traffic rule are easily identified on the basis of their registration numbers. Traffic police then sends a notice to the vehicle owner directing to appear before the official concerned on a given date. In case if the vehicle owner does not turn up, the matter is forwarded to the court.\"The dome cameras also help increase the yearly revenue and bring down the alleged complaints of bribery by traffic cops.\"A vehicle owner might try to influence a cop on getting stopped. But in case of getting a notice in black and white, everyone, including the leaders or officials prefer to deposit the fine to avoid the embarrassment,\" he said.Of late, on an average, around 125 to 150 vehicles per day are being caught on camera breaking the traffic rules. Even if a fine of Rs 50 is collected from each vehicle owner, the monthly revenue will go into lakhs, the officials added.Besides private vehicles, the cameras also keep a tab at the city's public transport. As a practice, the policeman, keeping guard through cameras at the control room, alerts the nearest available traffic squad in case of a traffic violation and subsequently the vehicle is traced for further inquiry.Areas under watchRaoshanpura square, Polytechnic square, Bairagarh square, Bhadbhada square, Bhopal Talkies, Bus Stand square, Board Office square, Habibganj under bridge, Jinsi square, Lal Ghati, Lilly Talkies, Mata Mandir square, Peergate, Piplani square, Prabhat Petrol Pump square and at the Retghat interaction.Swift developments amid staff crunchWhile the department is busy making plans to streamline the traffic system in the city which is developing at a rapid pace, staff crunch is likely to hit their ambitions. The current staff strength of the traffic police department does not even match the figures sanctioned twenty years ago. Against the squad of 300 traffic cops including officials sanctioned in 1987, barely 200 traffic personnel are available for duty in the state capital. Since traffic constables work in shifts, practically not even 100 personnel are on duty at any given point of time to control traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "12141625", "title": "Mayyar incident: Agitation slows down investigations", "text": "CHANDIGARH : Since the jats started their agitation close to the railways tracks near Ramayan village a fortnight ago, the Hisar police has been dithering on proceeding further in the investigation of 39 cases of violence that were registered during the jat agitation in Mayyar in September 2010.The investigating officers are yet to track down the 150 accused identified by them on the basis of video footage and pictures clicked by the police and are still to proceed beyond pasting of notices at various places in their villages, asking them to join investigations.Inquiries revealed that all the accused who were served notices have been eluding the police since the serving of notices in January this year. Coincidently it was only after the serving of notices that the jats revived their stir in February.Besides, getting reservation under OBC quota in government jobs and educational institutions, the withdrawal of cases registered against people involved in the incidents of violence during the jat agitation in Mayyar is another demand of the AIJASS which has been on the warpath for the past one fortnight.The police had served notices on 150 persons to join investigations in January this year by pasting these on walls in various villages. All this was done on the directions of a division bench of the Punjab and Haryana high court that gave this order during the hearing of public interest litigation (PIL) filed by a Ludhiana based NGO that had sought directions to the state to appoint a claim commissioner to assess the losses caused during the agitation and recover these from the culprits.In an affidavit filed before the division bench of Punjab and Haryana high court in January this year, the Haryana police had informed the bench that they had arrested eight persons in 29 cases of violence which are in various stages of investigations.When contacted, A S Chawla, IG, Hisar range and Anil Dhawan, SP Hisar expressed their inability to comment on the status of investigations. \"We are busy dealing with the situation arising out of the agitation. Hence, it would not be appropriate to discuss any issue related to the progress of cases at this moment,'' Chawla said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12140032", "title": "'Power'ful makeover for state AIDS society logo", "text": "MUMBAI: The red ribbon that was an integral part of the Maharashtra District Aids Control Society (MDACS) logo, one which is always associated with HIV, has now been changed to the fist of Shakti (Power). MCADS decided to go in for a makeover to improve its recall among Mumbaikars. Its Integrated Counseling and Testing Centres (ICTCs) will now be called 'Shakti Clinic- HIV/AIDS Salah Kendra'. By the end of this month, there will be more Shakti clinics than railway stations in the city, said MDACS officials.\"About 5% of those who visit ICTCs for counseling test positive for HIV. There is either low awareness or fear of testing positive that keeps people from approaching our centres. We want to tell people that there is nothing to be afraid of andthe only way of preventing HIV is to be aware,\" said Dr Harish Pathak, additional project director of MDACS. Hundreds of clinics will be operational across Mumbai within a month with a revamped look and feel to remove the fear of testing and increase recognition and recall among Mumbaikars.The decision follows a survey conducted by MDACS that covered population from slums and non slum areas, pregnant women from public and private sectors, bridge population like truckers and migrants and high-risk groups like sex workers. The survey revealed that though 82% of the respondents had heard about HIV/AIDS testing, more than 75% of this 82% were not aware of ICTCs.\"The survey revealed that there was low awareness about ICTCs due to their technical name. Hence we decided to change the image of ICTCs and create a brand with a name that the people would be able to identify. Hence we decided to rename ICTCs to Shakti Clinic- HIV/AIDS Salah Kendra,\" Dr Pathak said. The brand logo was created keeping in mind that it should be religion neutral considering the cultural melting pot that.\"Our logo, the internationally recognized red ribbon of AIDS awareness, has been transformed to a red ribbon that curls up into a fist, symbolizing strength,\" said Vinitha Venkat, joint director at MDACS.The strength of accessibility of information and services in the name itself is a step forward in reducing the stigma and being approachable. \"The new identity builds an ambience of care, positivity, trust and friendliness making it easy to access information on HIV/AIDs and increase the number of patients undergoing tests. It will also encourage a behavioral change towards Counseling and testing", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12141521", "title": "65-yr-old raped near railway yard in Nagaur; accused arrested", "text": "JAIPUR: A 65-year-old woman was allegedly raped by a man in a room of the railway yard at the Merta city railway station in Nagaur district of the state.\"The incident took place on late Saturday night when the woman identified as Sanjana Devi (65) had gone to pick some rags. The accused, identified as Sohan Lal (45), forcibly took her to a room in the railway yard of the station and raped her,\" an officer with the government railway police (GRP), Merta city, said on Sunday.Police added that after allegedly raping the woman the accused managed to flee. The victim reached her home and narrated her plight to her sons and other family members.\"The family approached us during the early hours on Sunday. Based on their allegations we have registered a case of rape against Sohan Lal, who was arrested later in the morning,\" said the officer.Police said that Sohan Lal had no acquaintance with the victim and had spotted her near the isolated train yard.Police added the woman had been sent for the medical examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12140808", "title": "P3 Smoking kills, but PMC makes a killing", "text": "PUNE: More the people smoke the more our civic body earns. At least this is what the statistics of the Pune Municipal Corporation's octroi collections indicate.The PMC earned a whopping Rs 19.52 crore in octroi from sale of cigarettes this year as compared to Rs 17.84 crore it earned last year. This when city-based Chest Research Foundation fears that rising pollution levels are putting smokers at the risk of succumbing to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).Smoking is a major environmental risk factor for the development of COPD. Other factors like occupational exposures, ambient air pollution, and exposure to second-hand smoke contribute to the condition.\"The PMC imposes 8% octroi on cigarettes. A few years back, it was 7%. There is a strong demand to increase the rate further as it would result in increase in prices of tobacco products and prove a deterrent to smokers. Till recently, the PMC earned anything in between Rs 5 crore and Rs 10 crore. In the last three-four years, the collection has gone up sharply. By the end of February this year, we had earned Rs 19.52 crore. The figure will definitely go up by the end of this financial year,\" said PMC octroi chief Hemant Nikam.'Smoking main cause for chronic pulmonary disease'Doctors are worried about the increasing prevalence of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) cases in the city.\"The rise in sale of cigarettes in Pune is a cause for concern, especially when air pollution has increased significantly. We have observed several cases of chronic obstruction of the flow of air through the airways and out of the lungs. The obstruction is usually permanent and progressive as the disease gets worse with time,\" says Sandeep Salvi, director of city-based Chest Research Foundation.Smokers are not only damaging their lungs, but also their knees and hearts. Doctors have found that chronic obstructive pulmonary disease makes people prone to osteoporosis and other medical conditions.Air pollution, both indoor and outdoor, has been recognized over the past several decades as an important threat to pulmonary health and a significant contributor to COPD. Various surveys in the last few years have put Pune in the list of most-polluted cities in the country, but the PMC and its elected members have failed to draft a comprehensive policy to assess pollution and its impact on citizens.\"We are conducting a targeted COPD population study in Pune, focusing on IT professionals. This disease is going to be a major challenge to the city's health as the overall trend is serious and there is no system in place to check the ever-growing number of smokers,\" said Salvi.Worldwide, one in 10 adults over the age of 40, may have COPD. In India, nearly 3 million people die of it every year. According to the World Health Organization , COPD is the fourth leading cause of deaths worldwide, surpassed only by heart attack, stroke , and acute lung infections. It kills more people than cancer , and as many people as AIDS. Researchers at the Indian Institute of Environmental Medicine (IIEM) put the urban and rural prevalence of COPD at 7-8 %.\"It is time for the PMC and NGOs to come together and check the rising trend of smoking. We would raise the issue in the general body (GB) meeting. The civic body, in turn, should plan a comprehensive policy to curb smoking habit, especially among youths,\" said corporator and Congress leader in PMC, Aba Bagul.Says Salvi, \"Another trend is the steady rise in number of women smokers, who consider it more as a fashion statement. Besides, growing number of hookah parlours are worsening the COPD scenario.\"S K Jindal, a medical professional with the Department of Pulmonary Medicine, Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research in Chandigarh, said that COPD was so far under-diagnosed in India. In his study, 'Emergence of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease as an epidemic in India', Jindal says, \"COPD is now recognised in 4-10% of the adult male population. In non-smokers, especially women, an exposure to indoor air pollution from domestic combustion of solid fuels is an important factor. More significantly, the exposure to environmental tobacco smoke is an established cause for COPD. On an average, an Indian COPD patient spent about 15% of his income on smoking products and up to 30% on disease management.\"Exposure to domestic combustion, especially solid (or biomass) fuels such as dried dung, wood and crop residue, is an important cause of chronic bronchitis and COPD among women. Respiratory difficulties were found among 13% of the 3,608 non-smoking women who cooked regularly, especially in poorly ventilated houses.WHAT IS COPD?Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or COPD is caused due to persistent obstruction of the flow of air through the airways and out of the lungs. The obstruction is usually permanent and progressive as the disease gets worse over the time.CAUSESSmoking is responsible for 90% cases. Air pollution (indoor and outdoor) can cause problems for people with lung diseases.SYMPTOMSBreathlessness, abnormal sputum and chronic cough. Daily activities, such as walking up a short flight of stairs or carrying a suitcase, can become very difficult as the condition progresses.TREATMENTIt is is not curable. Treatment can help control its symptoms and improve the quality of life for people with the illness.PREVALENCEEarlier, it was more common among men, but because of increased tobacco consumption among women in high-income countries and exposure to indoor air pollution in low-income countries like India, the disease now affects men and women almost equally. COPD develops slowly and is, therefore, usually diagnosed in people aged 40 or above.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12146043", "title": "Meeting fans was overwhelming: Sherin", "text": "So what if her latest release Kannada AK 56 is a highoctane action flick? Thulluvadho Ilamai actress Sherin is soaking in all the adulation she has been getting from audiences during her theatre visits along with hero Siddanth.\"Siddanth has been going on a road trip across the state to meet and greet fans. I have gone with him to Hubli and we will be in Mysore today. But the good response in other centres apart, even in Bangalore it's been fantastic,\" says Sherin, adding, \"At one centre, I was nearly mobbed. Fans got all touchy, but interestingly, it was not just the men, even women were all over me.\"But the film is all about Siddanth's character, leaving Sherin with little to do. \"There is no denying that the film is all about the hero. And even though I am there only for a bit, I have been told that I was the eye candy of the film. I have no qualms about being the glam element of a film,\" she says.Meanwhile, reports are doing the rounds that Sherin and Siddanth have become an item off screen too. \"There were reports that Siddanth has bought a house for me in Bangalore. If that is true, I would give that house to the person who wrote that. Siddanth and I had a good laugh over it,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12142039", "title": "Shehla Masood murder case: CBI raids residence of BJP legislator Dhruv Narayan Sing", "text": "BHOPAL: Tightening its noose around Madhya Pradesh BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh in the RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) raided his official residence in 45 bungalows here on Sunday.The investigators reached the residence of Singh, son of former MP chief minister Govind Narayan Singh, around 4 pm and waited for about half an hour for him to arrive as the house was locked. After two hours of search, the CBI team is learnt to have returned without finding much, sources said.This action of Central Bureau Investigation (CBI) has come a day after the grilling of Singh, for about six hours together. The city MLA's name figured in the investigation after Shehla was shot dead from point blank range close to her residence at Koh-e-Fiza area on August 16 and CBI had reportedly quizzed him twice last year.Singh is in the thick of a storm because he is alleged to be too close to slain Shehla and Zaheda Pervez - believed to be the key conspirator in the murder case. After arresting Zaheda and recovering some crucial materials, including a diary, CPU, CDs, hard discs from her office, CBI sleuths are understood to be toeing the line that the reason behind the murder was a love triangle, involving the MLA and two women - one married -- going sour.The interior designer, who has now been arrested, was allegedly obsessed with the politician and used to spy on him with the help of her staff. She was so possessive about the MLA that she reportedly got the call details of Dhruv's mobile phones to figure out how many times he had spoken to Shehla.The CBI is of the opinion that the politician was in the know of the murder but was not admitting it, sources said.Last week, the CBI cracked Shehla murder mystery with the arrest of three persons, Zaheda, her close friend Saba Faruqui and a local accomplice - history-sheeter Saqib Ali alias Danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12145509", "title": "BJP, TDP force adjournment of Andhra assembly for the day", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telugu Desam Party and Bharatiya Janata Party MLAs from Telangana region stalled the proceedings of the Andhra Pradesh assembly forcing its adjournment for the day without transacting any business.The legislators were demanding that the state government honour the agreement it signed with employees of Telangana region and pay salaries for the 42-day general strike period as well as the previous agitations, in support of a separate state, but the government pleaded helplessness in view of the legal issues involved.Two adjournments for brief periods could not restore order in the House as the opposition members stormed the Speaker's podium demanding a discussion on the issue.The BJP moved an adjournment motion in the House this morning but Speaker Nadendla Manohar disallowed it.BJP members G Kishan Reddy and E Lakshmi Narayana, however, insisted on a discussion on the issue following which roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao intervened saying the government was committed to honouring the agreement but legal hurdles were coming in the way. Dharmana alleged that the BJP was raising the issue despite knowing well the facts with an eye on the by-elections in Telangana region slated for March 18.Not satisfied with the minister's reply, Lakshmi Narayana rushed into the well of the House as Kishan Reddy remained on his feet at his seat raising slogans.The Speaker then adjourned the House for 10 minutes but it re-assembled after 75 minutes.After the House reassembled, the TDP legislators from Telangana sought to seize the opportunity and a handful of them trooped into the Well demanding a firm assurance from the government.They pointed out that 20,000 employees had retired from service after the strike and were deprived of the superannuation benefits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12141448", "title": "Students showcase skill at 'Technika, 12'", "text": "PATNA: Students showcased their technical and managerial skills at the annual techno-management festival, 'Technika, 12', on Sunday at BIT, Mesra, Patna campus.The special features of the events was 'Line of Enemy' and Mactobotics conducted under robotics, Contraption, an event for mechanical engineering, Sanchar Mania conducted under electronics, mega structure, an event for civil engineering, and B-Quiz, a management event.Students drawn from the IT-BHU, IIT Patna, NIT Patna, NIT Jamshedpur, ISM Dhanbad, Bhagalpur Engineering College etc participated on the second day of the four-day event.Line of enemy was an autonomous bot, Mogli, who wants to go home for which he has to undertake a long journey involving many obstacles like 'giant hulk', desert, wild bear and valleys. To help Mogli, there is 'Ballu' (a wireless bot) which works as 'Pratigami' to face and overcome all the difficulties in the way of Mogli.Under Mactobotics, participants designed and constructed a wired or wireless controlled robot. Under Sanchar Mania, participants designed a basic transmitter as well as a receiver system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12140794", "title": "Youth held for allegedly robbing labourer", "text": "PUNE: The Shivajinagar police on Saturday arrested a 19-year-old youth for allegedly robbing a labourer of his cash and cellphone amounting to Rs 3,200. The incident took place near Pune Municipal Corporation on Saturday around 11 pm. The police have identified the suspect as Krishna Patar of Budhwar Peth. A complaint has been lodged by Shankar Giri (20) of Pashan with the Shivajinagar police station.The incident took place when Giri was walking towards the Shivajinagar ST stand. Police sub-inspector R G Karape is investigating the case.Woman rescued from brothel: The Faraskhana police on Saturday rescued a 21-year-old Bangladeshi national from a brothel in Shukrawar Peth. The brothel owner has been arrested for forcing the woman into prostitution. The suspect has been identified as Jaya Tamang (38) of Shukrawar Peth. Senior police inspector of the Faraskhana police station is investigating the case.Burglary at electronics shop: Some unidentified persons broke into an electronics shop and decamped with LCD monitors and cash amounting to Rs 3.17 lakh. The incident took place during the wee hours of Saturday at Yogiraj Electrical in Aundh. Ramdas Khopade (54) has lodged a complaint with the Chatushrungi police station. Assistant police inspector S B Jawale is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12147789", "title": "Mahesh Bhatt ghost directs Raaz 3?", "text": "Mahesh Bhatt has been regularly seen on the sets of Raaz 3 , a film being directed by Vikram Bhatt.The film is currently being shot at Madh Island, and Mahesh Bhatt's excitement for the movie is on constant display, so much so that it is being touted that Bhatt is ghost directing this one.According to a unit hand, Mahesh Bhatt spends ample time discussing scenes and dialogues with Viram Bhatt. Mahesh Bhatt, it is heard, doesn't limit himself to advising Vikram on scenes, but also guides him with camera angles, lighting, etc.Apart from that, Mahesh Bhatt also spends considerable time with leading actors Bipasha Basu and Emran Hashmi to discuss scenes with them. Some may say that 'too many cooks spoil the broth', but Vikram doesn't seem to mind the 'interference'. He probably believes in the adage 'Many hands make light work', instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12147724", "title": "Raviteja Stopped Over-Action", "text": "Same kind of antics from the last ten years has surely bored the Telugu audiences regarding this mass-raja. Raviteja has opened his eyes at last, if sources are to be believed.With 'Nippu' torture, audiences are no more able to watch the same histrionics of Ravi Teja. His mannerisms like over shouting, over emotions, head shaking and same 'goda meeda pidaka' steps are testing the patience of viewers. Finally, Raviteja is changing his style in an upcoming flick. Currently, he is acting in Puri Jaganadh's latest movie 'Devudu Chesina Manushulu', where his style and acting are completely re-defined.According to a source, in the way Puri has remade Mahesh in Pokiri and Prabhas in Bujjigadu, he is doing that to Ravi now. 'Nippu' had opened the eyes of many people that only hero's 'regular mannerisms' and 'acting penchant' will not save a film until it is supported by a strong storyline and characterization. Time for few other star heroes also to pull out a leaf from Mass-Raja's book!Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12141797", "title": "Don\u2019t jump blindly into an equity rally", "text": "An equity rally always brings cheer to the market. The naysayers are pushed aside and suspicion turns to belief . Every correction is watched to see if it persists or if buyers come in quickly. So, how should investors behave in such a situation? More importantly, how can they take advantage of the current market rally?The first lesson in investing is that no one can predict where the market is going. We may all have the explanations after the event, but the simple truth is that we do not know where we may go. Everyone tries their tricks, their thumb rules and tactics. But, there is no known single, significant, time-tested method to beat the market. Anyone who has been investing for a long time, learns this lesson, sooner or later.How does one prod along the path strewn with unknowns? Does experience and expertise not count at all? Experts never demand to know what lies ahead. They do not expect or command the terrain to pan out according to plan and most of these experts will disapprove of jumping into a bull market with the optimism that everything will be alright.Investors should view the bull market of the past two months with a good dose of caution and suspicion. The core principle of equity: The reward to the investor is the growth in the future earnings of companies. If earnings seem to be at risk in the foreseeable future, the equity markets will remain low until those risks begin to resolve. These risks have increased significantly in the past year, and there is no visible sign that they will be gone soon.There are several indicators that point to a persistent risk to earnings. To pick one, consider long-term capital investment , which has slowed down significantly. The policy environment has not been conducive. For this situation to change, lower interest rate is necessary, but it's not a sufficient condition . Savings rates have fallen, which means we have to find capital to enable investments, a gap that has widened over time. If we have a government budget with a large deficit and are consistently importing more than we export, where would we find the capital? Such serious macro-economic concerns cannot be taken lightly now.But isn't the equity market supposed to run ahead? What if we continued to wait for things to get better before we invested and once again lost a good opportunity? The confluence of factors when an economic cycle turns up would make businesses profitable again. But has the cycle actually turned now? There is no clear answer. A market that bottoms out when the economic indicators are still negative, shows caution , not frenzy.The drivers of the rally are not traders who will close positions and book profits at the shortest notice, but investors who are willing to stand in and take deliveries. There is evidence that these investors seem to have come in through the FIIs. The question to ask: When most global institutional investors have given either underweight or neutral weightings to India, who are these new bulls? There is a 'greater fool' theory in the markets. According to it, everyone hopes to sell to the next buyer at a higher price.So, it will pay if you remain wary of liquidity-driven momentum when fundamentals look too weak to bring cheer. If you are a serious investor, you will already know that a longterm portfolio needs equity for accumulating wealth. Choose stocks carefully and rebalance your portfolio occasionally so that you can stick to the pre-determined equity allocation that will help you achieve your long-term financial goals. Every veteran who has conquered the unchartered territory will tell you that speed was never the choice of strategy.The author is Managing Director, Centre for Investment Education and Learning", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12141304", "title": "Cops nab fleeing criminals, recover loot", "text": "PATNA: Four criminals were arrested by a police team when they were fleeing after snatching some cash and a cellphone from a driver near Sanichara Temple in the wee hours on Sunday.The police said that the four criminals intercepted a tractor driver and snatched Rs 600 cash and his cellphone and escaped from the spot at around 4 am. The police said that the driver raised an alarm drawing the attention of the police who chased and arrested the criminals.Bahadurpur police station SHO Ranjit Kumar said that the arrested criminals have been identified as Mohd Chand, Rahul, Amar Kumar and Manoj Kumar . He said that the police recovered the looted cash and cellphone from them. The SHO said that the police also recovered a countrymade sixer, besides two live cartridges from them.Suicide attempt: A young girl, Mehar Sultana (20), made an attempt to commit suicide by jumping into the Ganga at a ghat near Darbhanga House under Pirbahore police station on Sunday. She was rescued by the locals and fishermen. Pirbahore police station SHO Asrar Ahmad said that the girl, who is mentally challenged, went into deep waters and was saved by fishermen. She was handed over to the Sultanganj police.Sultanganj police station SHO Sanjay Kumar said that the girl is mentally disturbed. He said that she is a resident of Khajurbanna locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12140070", "title": "Holi: Electro-homeopathy clinics to be sealed after the festival", "text": "KANPUR: All the electro-homeopathy clinics in the city would be banned in compliance of the recent order of Allahabad High Court. The health department has decided to take action against the practitioners of an unrecognised therapy named as electrohomeopathy. According to the verdict of Allahabad High Court, the electro-homeopathy treatment methodology is an \"unrecognized system of medicine which is nothing but quackery.\"\"The order was passed by a two-judge bench comprising Justice Sunil Ambawani and Justice Manoj Misra on February 21. They dismissed a petition filed by New Delhi-based Indian Electro Homeopathy Medical Council,\" chief medical officer Jai Singh said.Singh said that the court has held that electro-homeopathy is not a recognised system of medicine and cannot be practised for curing diseases. The bench had observed: \"Well-known principle of human rights too says that medical research cannot be permitted on human beings unless it is done under strict supervision of experts and with permission from Indian Council for Medical Research (ICMR),\" he added. After Holi, raids would be conducted on as many as 50 electro-homeopathy clinics.It may be recalled that the health authorities have sealed the electro-homeopathic college in Govind Nagar area in 2006 after the declaration of ICMR which stated that electro-homeopathy is not a permissible medical therapy. The Indian electrohomeopathic council sought permission from the state government for practicing electrohomeopathy. \"Considering the demands of Indian Electro-homeopathic Council, the state family welfare department had instructed the health authorities in the district that the students, who had studied the system of electro homeopathy, are eligible to practise. Since then, the electro-homeopathic clinics are freely running in the city,\" added Singh.Keeping in view the decision of Allahabad High Court, all the running clinics will be sealed after Holi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12139160", "title": "State opens way to heart of the nation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat keeps the hearts of India throbbing. Six of the seven companies in India that manufacture stents - the metal micro-tubes used to open blockages in main blood vessels - are based in the state. In fact, in times when the stents were only imported, pushing the angioplasty cost close to Rs 7 lakh in the late 90s, the first local stent was made in Gujarat.Gujarat's diamond city Surat is the hub supplying stents at affordable rates. Five of the six stent-manufacturing units of the state are located in and around Surat. One is located in Gandhinagar .\"Laser machines which are used to cut diamonds gave us the edge to make stents. For cutting metal with such finesse and open blocked hearts, we designed special laser machines,\" says Dhirajlal Kotadia of Shahjanand Medical Technologies.World Heath Organization (WHO) estimates that five crore Indians suffer from heart disease. Only four lakh stents are used annually of which 25% are made in India. Local stents had reduced angioplasty treatment costs by 40%.\"Imported stent angioplasty cost ranges from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 1.3 lakh which comes down to Rs 45,000 to Rs 75,000 when local-made stents are used. This difference can make a life-and-death difference to a big number of middle and lower middle-class patients,\" says leading cardiologist Dr Sameer Dani.\"There was a time when doctors were wary of using local stents even if we offered them free, but the scenario is changing for the better,\" says Manoj Joshi, who heads Envision Scientific. The company has nine world patents and has manufactured the world's first drug eluting balloon for which clinical trials are on.Kotadia was partners with Joshi and Rajesh Vaishnav both of whom went to launch stent-manufacturing companies later in Surat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12139843", "title": "Class VIII boy wins spell bee's Mumbai round", "text": "MUMBAI: Sahaj Sankaran (13), a class VIII student of Jamnabai Narsee School, Juhu, emerged winner of the HDFC Life Spell Bee, India Spells 2012, powered by The Times of India in association with Horlicks, in Mumbai.Sahaj will represent the city in the national finale with representatives from 31 other cities.Sahaj was sure about making it to the top ten, however, was not expecting a win. \"The competition was tough. All had done well in the previous rounds,\" he said. \"This was the first time I participated in a spelling competition and I am glad I won. I love reading contemporary fiction and I would attribute my success to my reading habit,\" said Sahaj, adding that he loves the language.Sahaj won the city finale, by outplaying 650 other students from 87 participating schools in the city. His mother, Divya Chhabra, said, \"He hardly practised. He just referred to a site on spellings a day before the event. Right from his childhood, he has developed an interest in reading. Even in his school, a lot of efforts are taken to encourage students to read. Such competitions should be held often.\" In fact, two students from Jamnabai Narsee School, a member school of Times of India NIE, made it to final rounds. Ten students made it to the finals, which took place on Sunday.While Sahaj and Vedant Gill, a class VI student from St John's Universal School, Goregaon, were almost at par with each other till the third round, the former went ahead in the final round of rapid fire. Gill went on to be the second runner up. \"I was confident about winning before the rapid fire round. When I saw Sahaj's performance I knew he was winning. I enjoyed participating in the contest though,\" added Gill.Rutvi Mehta jumped to the second position in the rapid fire round beating Gill by one point. Mehta, a student of Chatrabhuj Narsee Memorial School, Vile Parle, trailed Sahaj by four points. Yash Acharya, a class V student of Children's Academy, Kandivli, was the youngest finalist. Acharya got a surprise entry too in the finals after one of the finalists failed to show up.Winners from 32 cities will be competing in the finals at Mumbai. The finale winner will represent India in Washington DC .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12140501", "title": "Ephedrine worth Rs 1.25 crore seized in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: Cops from the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) arrested three persons and seized ephedrine worth Rs 1.25 crore on Saturday night. The trio was planning to smuggle it to Malaysia via Delhi.Following a tip-off, DRI cops first checked the Chennai airport. Later, they came to know that the trio were coming by train and were planning to leave for Delhi on the 11pm Tamil Nadu Express. Upon boarding the train, they found three youths roaming in a suspicious manner inside one of the compartments. They were identified as Baluchamy, 52, Akbar Ali, 45, and Jaffer Ahmed, 35, all hailing from Trichy.Initially when the officers inspected their luggage, they found only clothes. When they rechecked it, they noticed that two suitcases had false buffers and found ephedrine stuffed inside there. They took them to their office in T Nagar for further interrogation. The trio told that the value of the narcotic was around Rs 1.25 crore and they were carrying 6kg. They also had plane tickets for Malaysia. \"Mostly the drug is smuggled through air or ship. But as we strengthened vigilance at airports and sea ports, they have started sneaking it through trains. As there is no checking at railway stations, they can easily slip in the drug without any problem,\" said an officer.The officers suspect that the three were just one-time smugglers. \"If they take it to Malaysia, they will be given a small amount and their tickets are free. But the big fishes are yet to be caught,\" said the official. The DRI officials handed over the trio to the customs department for further enquiry. In 2011, as much as 106kg of ephedrine was seized at the Chennai airport. In contrast, just six cases of smuggling of ephedrine were registered in the 2003-10 period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12139254", "title": "Death before date with monument of love", "text": "NEW DELHI: An Afghan national studying in Russia allegedly stabbed his 21-year-old American fiancee to death at a guesthouse in Jangpura in south Delhi. He was apprehended hours later at IGI Airport on Sunday morning, just as he was about to catch a flight to Afghanistan .Paimana and Omid had plans to visit the Taj Mahal on Sunday. According to relatives, they had booked a cab to go to Agra the next day and even paid an advance of Rs 1,000 to the tour operator. She did not reach. Her lover had snuffed life out of her before they had reached the monument of love.Paimana's aunt Nuriya, who lives in Jangpura, recalls how the couple had dinner at her house before she went over to room number 105 in the guesthouse where Omid was staying. \"Paimana was to return to California on March 7. She had booked a ticket on Emirates Airlines and her family was very excited about it. They are now coming to India to get her body back,\" said Nuriya amid sobs. Paimana is survived by her mother, brother and sister. It was her first visit to India.The 21-year-old US citizen had led a difficult life since childhood, said her relatives. Her father was killed by the Taliban . Paimana's mother took her three children to the US. Reminisced Nuriya, \"Paimana's family had migrated to America in 2001-2002. They were settled in California happily but in 2009, her mother came back to Kabul to hold the engagement ceremony of one of her daughters.\"It was in Kabul that Paimana got engaged to Omid. After the engagement, Paimana returned to the US while Omid went to Russia to study. Paimana, who held a US green card, was living in California with her family and studied in the American River College there. Paimana's relatives claim that her fiance, Omid, was a student of the Russian language at St Petersburg University in Russia.Apparently, matters didn't remain smooth for long between the lovers though, says Delhi Police, which added that the relationship had turned bitter some time ago. Paimana's relatives claimed that Omid was very short tempered and used to take offence whenever Paimana said she wouldn't marry him. \"She said that jokingly...I don't think she ever meant it. If that was the case, she would not have come all the way to India to meet him. But that man, if he has done this, has to be mentally unstable,\" Nuriya said.Paimana's friend, who was the first one to discover the body, remembers a jovial, happy person. Though she had gotten to know Paimana only 10 days ago, the friend recalls how Paimana had spoken about her dream of completing her studies and standing on her feet. \"That's why she was asking him to wait. But I don't understand what his hurry was. I think he had begun to get very insecure. But there is no justification for his heinous act,\" said the friend, who didn't want to be named.Delhi Police meanwhile said that the duo had met often in different countries in the past three years but recently, it appeared that things had turned bitter between them. \"This time, she had agreed to meet Omid in India after he insisted that he would make things work out between them,\" said a senior police officers.'Paimana was thinking about breaking up with him'Paimana had got engaged to the accused three years ago but had been rethinking her decision lately, said her relatives. The two had planned to spend time together in India. Omid came to Delhi from St Petersburg on February 25. Paimana's aunt, Nuriya, told TOI that he stayed at her place that night and then went along with her to pick up Paimana the next morning.On February 26, he shifted to a Jangpura guesthouse, 'Shamsher Home Stay'.On Saturday, the two had gone to Amar Colony market in the evening and came back around 8pm. They had dinner at Paimana's aunt's place after which they left for the guesthouse, police said.The couple reached the guesthouse around 10pm. Ridhi wanted to meet Paimana and reportedly told her to come after an hour. Police said the murder took place between 10.20pm and 11.20pm, and a PCR call was made at 11.45pm.\"The Nizamuddin PS SHO reached the spot, room no. 105 of the guesthouse, found the woman dead with stab wounds. There were struggle marks on the body and things were thrown around the room. One of Paimana's friends told us in her statement that Paimana had been living here with Nuriya, her maternal aunt, since the time she had come to India,\" said, Ajay Chaudhry, additional CP, southeast.Teams were immediately formed and all entry and exit points in the area put under surveillance.The cops said that the accused had taken all his documents and baggage from the room. \"We suspected that the accused would probable try to leave the country or at least the city. So, a 'lookout circular' was issued to the airport authorities in which his details were furnished. In the morning around 11.30am, immigration authorities informed us about his presence in the airport,\" Chaudhry added.Omid reportedly told the cops that he lost his cool when she refused to marry him. \"After she went to his room, the duo had an argument which turned violent. Omid picked up a knife and stabbed Paimana in the stomach. After that he collected his belongings and reached the airport,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12141246", "title": "Nascent Aruvi carves out a devoted audience", "text": "COIMBATORE: Since its genesis, Aruvi has dealt with poetry and drama in its monthly events, and recently it was the turn of cinema. Not content to deal with popular cinema, Aruvi, a cultural forum, chose to showcase the cinema of Andrei Tarkovsky , whose films have confounded generations of viewers. To throw light on the movies, Aruvi had chosen 'Konangal' Anand, who, in his lecture, showcased Torkovksy's tortured life when juxtaposed with his brilliant movies.In a multimedia presentation, Anand spoke of the life of Torkovksy against the backdrop of clippings from his movies. Anand dotted his lecture with important scenes from movies such as \"Steam Roller and the Violin\" (an award winning student film from Torkovksy), \"Solaris\" and \" Andrei Rublev\". People in the audience said they were thrilled to hear of the troubles Torkovksy faced in Russia even as his films impressed western viewers including those at the Venice Film Festival and at Cannes.Anand told The Times of India that he was impressed with Aruvi's fresh approach to topics. \"They don't restrict themselves to only specific topics. They are very versatile and have dealt with a variety of topics. I chose to speak about cinema and I thoroughly enjoyed the experience,\" he said. He also said that Aruvi was able to attract the best people to speak on any particular topic. \"They have no hidden agenda. They don't seek publicity. They are anonymous, honest and sincere. They give space for discussion on topics that rarely get a public platform,\" he said.Aruvi consists of a g roup of literary enthusiasts from Coimbatore. But they don't stick to just literature. In their own words, \"The true objective of this monthly meeting is to create a platform for free thought and to act as a focal point for all art forms under the sun, initiating meaningful discussions on every possible art form through this forum.\"V Srinivasan, an advocate, NS Suresh Kumar and S Suryanarayanan (both private company staff) have been friends since the 1980s when they used to bring out Uyirmei, a magazine. The trio were forced to abandon their passion when the troubles of raising a family intervened. Now they have joined hands again to offer a new cultural forum via Aruvi.So far, Aruvi has invited the following speakers to deal with certain chosen topics. They were Manonmani, editor of Puthu Ezhuthu on literacy magazine movement; Kala Subramaniam on the famous Tamil poet Piramil; Asadha on Tamil translations; V Manikandan on language of poetry; Ramanujam on evolution of modern Tamil drama and 'Konangal' Anandh on Art of Tarkovksy.However, S Amaranathan, who ran Coimbatore's first film society, feels a sea change needs to occur in the attitude of people towards such events. \"The events are held with such painstaking care. But people are stuck in an era that is two decades old. In fact when Ramanujam, who is quite a prominent personality, came and made his stellar presentation, only 20 people were there to witness it. Clearly, Aruvi needs more patronage, which will perhaps come as it matures,\" he said.K Jayaram, renowned wildlife photographer, said he found Aruvi's programme novel. \"The event on cinema was the first and only one I attended. But it was impressive. Anand spoke of Tarkovksy in such a way I thought such events must be really rare even in the metros,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "12141542", "title": "Materials used for making heavy weapons recovered in Chhattisgarh", "text": "RAIPUR: Police today raided a transport company godown here and recovered materials used for manufacturing mortars and rocket launchers.It is suspected that the materials, including bolts and pipes, packed in about 75 boxes, had been sent by Naxals to Chhattisgarh, Raipur SSP Deepanshu Kabra said.The recovery was made in a joint operation by the special intelligence bureaux of Andhra Pradesh , West Bengal and Chhattisgarh at the godown located in Saraswati Nagar police station area here.Ravi Tripathi, who ran the transport company headquartered in Kolkata, is being interrogated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12141457", "title": "Three held for killing two youths", "text": "JAISALMER: A day after bodies of two youths were found near the government hospital in Balotra town in Barmer district, the police have cracked the case by arresting three persons. The two youths had to lose their lives for complaining to a girl's family about her being in love with a boy of other community.Gop Singh Rajput (the girl's lover) and Chuni Lal Mali were arrested from Surendra Nagar district under the Jalila police station in Gujarat and the third one Jetha Ram was nabbed in Barmer.\"Naked bodies of the two youths were found near the government hospital on Saturday morning. There were injury marks on their bodies, showing they were badly beaten up before being thrown here,\" Santosh Chalke, SP, Barmer, said. Later the deceased were identified as Bhajan Lal Vishnoi (20) and Om Prakash Vinshoi (20), both residents of Barmer.\"On investigation, it was found that Om Prakash was a student of class XI and Bhajan Lal was a driver. They were seen talking to Gop Singh, resident of Khara Haal, Barmer on Friday at 11pm. Gop Singh had come to Barmer with a few friends in a Scorpio and took the two youths with him,\" the officer said.SP said later the youths could not be traced. On Saturday morning, jawans of home guard while patrolling informed about two bodies lying near the government hospital, who were identified as Om Prakash and Bhajan Lal.After the incident, search was started for Gop Singh and, based on his mobile location, he was nabbed in Gujarat. Police caught Gop Singh Rajput and Chuni Lal Mali in Jalila police station area in Surendra Nagar (Gujarat), while the third accused Jetha Ram was arrested at Barmer. Jetha Ram was present at the time of the murder and later fled away.Chalke said that preliminary enquiry revealed a girl of Vishnoi community was having an affair with Gop Singh. Two days ago, on seeing the girl with Gop Singh, Om Prakash and Bhajan Lal informed the girl's family about it. Initially, the girl's family did not believe them but later on finding the truth, they confined the girl to the house, who informed her lover Gop Singh about it.\"Gop Singh, furious over the complainants, along with his two friends forcefully took Bhajan Lal and Om Prakash from their houses to Jaslel Nadi near Barmer. They beat up the youths badly and murdered them, and later threw their bodies near the government hospital and ran away,\" the officer said.The officer added the investigation was on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12141252", "title": "Traffic diversion big failure, authorities withdraw plan", "text": "COIMBATORE: The traffic diversion on Krishnasamy Road (known as Brooke Bond Road) in the city has turned a big failure on Saturday, within hours of the one-way traffic system came into existence.As per the new system, motorists, who enter from the Avinashi Road flyover, were forced to take the Devanga Higher Secondary School Road and reach Mettupalayam Road through the road where Archana and Darshana theatres are located. From Mettupalayam Road motorists were directed to use Kamarajapuram Road to get to Chinthamani Junction and Brooke Fields.Vehicles from Chinthamani Junction were allowed to use the Krishnasamy Road to reach the Avinashi Road flyover while motorists using the Mettupalayam Road were directed to reach the Avinashi Road flyover by taking the Shanmuga Theatre Road, Devanga School Road and Krishnasamy Road. Vehicles from Kattoor-Ramnagar Road using Kikani School sub-way were prevented from using Kamarajapuram road. Instead they were told to turn right to reach Chinthamani Junction and turn left to reach the Avinashi Road flyover.With the new system coming into practice, traffic blocks have started cropping up in every nook and corner of the city. The congestion in the Brooke Bond Road had affected vehicular movement in other roads as well. With huge complaints, city police commissioner TP Sundaramoorthy consulted district collector M Karunagaran and withdrew the traffic modification. By afternoon, two way traffic resumed in the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12139599", "title": "RTO parking triggers gridlock at Munirka", "text": "NEW DELHI: For residents of Munirka Enclave, a government convenience has turned into a public nuisance. The tailback along the arterial Nelson Mandela Marg not only brings traffic movement down to a crawl during peak hours but has also made going out of the colony a nightmare for residents.Retired airman and local RWA president, Group Captain OP Malik, says \"The movement of children and senior citizens has been restricted ever since government offices, including the regional transport office (RTO), came up. Cars and motorcycles are parked every day along the boundary wall, eating into road space.\"Malik is not the only one complaining. In Sheikh Sarai, the RTO is well known for the traffic mess it generates. According to traffic police estimates, 300-500 vehicles are parked near the Sheikh Sarai RTO every day. Cranes have to be brought in at times, as the traffic mess spills onto the Press Enclave Marg. \"Residents have put up entry gates near the DDA market, but that doesn't stop visitors to the RTO from parking wherever space is available,\" says Punit Gupta, who stays in the area.The mess near Vasant Vihar and Sheikh Sarai transport offices is not an isolated instance. There is a similar scenario at other transport offices like those in Wazirpur and Janakpuri. Lack of parking space at almost every RTO in the city has led to vehicles blocking roads near the office. Officials admit it is not just the absence of proper parking that is responsible for the traffic mess at many of the RTOs. The location of an RTO is decided on the basis of the area it serves. \"The area that would be most suitable for the localities that the RTO covers is usually chosen. The idea is to make the RTO easily accessible,\" said an official.Traffic officials, however, say in most cases, the location proves to be a traffic magnet. \"Press Enclave Marg already has a lot of traffic, and the presence of the BRT only adds to the traffic load,\" says Satyendra Garg, joint commissioner (traffic).The daily load of vehicles at every RTO is between 300 and 500, with Sheikh Sarai getting more than its share. Wilful parking along the nearby road is a given, say traffic police. Still, none of the transport offices is built in consultation with the traffic police.It's an oversight that affects residents most. In Munirka, the RTO, a DTC depot and the local police station along the Nelson Mandela Marg are responsible for bottlenecks besides an unsafe pedestrian crossing. Traffic directed to the Vasant Vihar police station as well as buses from the DTC depot add to the chaos. Residents are reluctant to venture out of the colony, not least because there is no traffic light on the stretch till the turn towards JNU. That's not all. The 500-1,000 people coming to the area every day use the boundary wall in the absence of a public toilet, adds Malik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144559", "title": "Kollywood waits for Simbu", "text": "Kollywood waits for Simbu while he is waiting in the US to finish recording his album. The love and peace album, which he had planned two years ago, is yet to be completed as Simbu wants an international artist like Rihanna or Akon to record for it.The actor has been away for the last two months and his Tamil film projects are on hold. According to sources, his producers whose movies are yet to be completed, are not too happy about the development. Talking to us from the US, Simbu says he will be back shortly as he has completed all his work and only the recording of the international artist is to take place. He is enjoying his time there with his sister's family and even called his brother to the US as he was feeling a little lonely. Meanwhile, the producers only question seems to be - when will he be back?!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144475", "title": "Work harder when you grow older, says Salman Khan", "text": "He has kept the cash registers ringing at the box office by delivering superhit films like 'Wanted', 'Dabangg' and 'Bodyguard' year-after-year. But superstar Salman Khan feels that the more you grow older the more you need to work harder.\"There is this amazing thing in the film industry when you are younger, or in your teens...people tend to forgive all your things saying you are young. Now in this film industry the more you grow older you need to work that much harder. It is strange,\" Salman told reporters at an event in Mumbai where he had come to cheer physically challenged and orphaned children.The 46-year-old actor, who is a fitness freak, says, he has to work out three times more, to match up to Gen next. \"When you are younger you are more fitter..you run faster and kick faster and these things then create trouble later. Like for the younger generation of this film industry I had set a trend...but now I would suggest them to eat properly and have fun,\" Salman said.\"I have worked hard to make this kind of body. I feel whatever hard work I had put up that time, today these new kids are doing the same and hence I feel I need to work two-three times more,\" he said.Salman had undergone a nerve surgery in the US in last August. And reportedly, the actor the pain has developed again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12140585", "title": "Tanker strike continues, LPG shortage looms large", "text": "KOCHI: As the indefinite strike by tanker trucks transporting LPG cylinders entered the fourth day on Sunday, severe gas cylinder shortage is expected in the state in the coming weeks. On an average around 150 trucks transport 45,9000 cylinders from IOC's Udayamperror bottling plant every day to different parts of the state. On Sunday, no trucks left the plant with LPG cylinders.Earlier, after the strike was declared, only 60 trucks left the plant with cylinders. For the past three days, only two of the three plants were functioning and by Saturday the remaining LPG stock at the plant was exhausted.In January 2012, truck owners staged a week-long strike before IOC stepped in assuring an amicable solution before February 2. However, nothing happened and the demands of truck owners were not given due consideration.Our demand is that we want permits for nearly 600 new tanker trucks to carry LPG from one state to another, said a spokesperson of the owners' association from Chennai.\"For the past three years around 1,960 trucks are carrying this LPG load. To maintain a balance between demand and supply, nearly 600 trucks are awaiting new permits. But IOC is reluctant to issue new permits. Because these trucks cannot be used for any other purpose, owners are facing a regular loss of nearly Rs 50,000/month,\" he said.Meanwhile, HP gas distributors association vice -president V A Yusuf said IOC service extends to 70% of Kochi's population. \"The customers of HPCL and BPCL will not be affected. Moreover as the usage of commercial cylinders is comparatively less, the supply of these will not be affected,\" he said.Talks between truck owners and IOC continued on Sunday as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12140796", "title": "BSY is blackmailing high command: Siddaramaiah", "text": "HUBLI: Leader of the Opposition in the assembly Siddaramaiah said that former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa is trying to blackmail the BJP high command to come back to power by threatening to hold convention in Hubli on March 11 to show his strength.Speaking to reporters in Hubli on Sunday, Siddaramaiah said that BJP does not have concern for people of the drought-hit districts, who are desperately migrating to other towns and cities in search of jobs. BJP has miserably failed to take up drought relief works, he said.\"It is really shameful that leaders like Yeddyurappa, who talks about the farmers' welfare, organic farming etc., justified the act of three ministers who were caught redhanded while watching porn clips in the assembly when the house was discussing serious issue like drought relief works,\" the Congress leader said.Answering to a question regarding expectations from the state budget, Siddramaiah quipped, \"What we can expect from the government which has failed even to implement the programmes which were announced in the last budget.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12140671", "title": "\u2018Encouraged by response to competitions'", "text": "LUDHIANA: As many as 1,000 people took part in the flower show and painting competition at Sarabha Nagar gurdwara.President of Gurdwara Sarabha Nagar committee Jatinder Singh Sandhu said, ''People participated with great enthusiasm and it was very encouraging for us. From now we will organize other events too.''Those who put their plants up for display were very excited too. ''I grow only cactus so I participated in the competition for cacti and succulents in pots. It was great and I won four first prizes in different categories,'' said Didar Singh, a senior citizen staying in Haibowal.Advocate Gurdish Singh of SBS Nagar said he had participated in the flower show and also won prizes in different categories.Those who participated in the flower show won prizes under five large categories - flowers grown in pots, foliage and perennial flowering plants, cacti, bonsai, artistic arrangement of plants in pots. The prizes were lapped up by Guru Nanak Public School, Sarabha Nagar, DAV Public School, BRS Nagar, Didar Singh, advocate Gurdish Singh, and colonel Iqbal Gill.The painting competition also generated a lot of excitement. Samreen Kaur, Simranjot Kaur and Harpreet Kaur won the first prize in under 10, under 15 and open category, respectively.Chief guest S Pritam Singh Khalsa, a world record cyclist, lauded the efforts of residents to save their city and gave away the prizes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144190", "title": "Kochadaiyaan in English?", "text": "Rajinikanth's latest flick is a 3D film that will release in four languagesEveryone's looking forward to Kochadaiyaan. It has been a while since Rajinikanth made his outing to the big screen. The latest we hear is that the film is nearly 70 per cent completed and will release, not just in 3D, but in four languages.A highly-placed source from the sets tells us, \"The film will release only in 3D. The film, in fact, is being shot in the format already. The film has been in the making since late last year and it is nearly 70 per cent complete.\"The next schedule will be shot in London . \"Soundharya is shooting the film briskly and she is ensuring that she can release her film at the earliest,\" says the source. The film, which is being jointly produced by a Mumbai-based production house that's also part of Rana, will release in four languages.When quizzed, Dr Murali Manohar, co-producer of the film, said, \"Yes, the film, apart from being released in Hindi, Tamil and Telugu, is likely to be released in another language, which is a surprise.\" But, when asked if that would mean a release in English, he evaded it by saying, \"We're working out the logistics. It will be a big surprise for everyone.\" Surely, the Superstar's newest release is going to be a massive one!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12139731", "title": "Dejected man kills 6-year-old to impress girlfriend", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rejected in love, a man took the criminal route to prove to his girlfriend that he was capable of making fast bucks. The failed lover instead landed in the police net, but not before he stained his hands with blood.Lucknow police on Sunday arrested Kishore alias Babloo, a resident of Rastogi Nagar in Thakurganj, for kidnapping and killing his distant cousin. Babloo kidnapped six-year-old Shivam, son of Rajaram Tiwari, a resident of Rastogi Nagar in Thakurganj and then allegedly strangulated him. He was produced before mediapersons at SP (West) office in Kaiserbagh.The lover-turned-criminal, who claimed to have written a 13-page love letter to his girlfriend from his blood, said owing to his weak financial status, she married another man.Babloo killed Shivam on the intervening night of Thursday and Friday, the police said. He then buried his body in Bari Ka Jungle in Thakurganj. Babloo did all this after making a ransom call to Rajaram at around 2.30am.Interestingly, a police team after confirming that the mobile used by Babloo was in the name of one Arjun of Basti, even picked him up and brought him to Lucknow. However, another call was made on Friday morning.Cops finally nabbed Babloo and recovered the SIM card used by Babloo to make the ransom call. On further interrogation, Babloo confessed his crime and also led the police to the recovery of Shivam's clothes , DIG DK Thakur said.Showing no signs of remorse when produced before media, Babloo said he was also plotting to kill a woman, who also happens to be a close relative of Rajaram. According to Babloo, the woman, a resident of Ramnagar near Rastogi Nagar, was allegedly behind the murder of his grandfather.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12139755", "title": "Govt official takes stock of varsity\u2019s irregularities", "text": "LUCKNOW: Higher education secretary, Avnish Awasthi visited the Lucknow University on Sunday. Awasthi carried out a detailed inspection of various construction works going on in the university, the employees' residences, LU's examination hall and others. Accompanying him was university vice-chancellor, Prof MK Mishra who walked step to step with the secretary, thereby trying to give justifications to all his queries. Talking to TOI, Awasthi said: \"Be it the construction of roads or the building, the quality of work is extremely poor.'' The secretary was highly disappointed with the quality of ongoing construction work of a new block at Chandra Shekar Azad Girl's hostel. Terming it as pathetic, the secretary said that the plaster of a wall came off when we touched it.Awasthi also visited the commerce building and English block which has been in news for quite sometime because of poor quality of construction work. He said: \"If the work done by the university employees was not good, the work done by external agencies was no better. A TAC enquiry is already going on and the results are awaited. The matter is very serious and the guilty will be punished.''He then visited the employees residence where he found poor drainage system, sewer overflowing on the road. The condition of boundary walls was also found unsatisfactory. Walking inside the university premises, he visited the evaluation hall (Jyotir Vigyan building), and found the condition better. \"With the number of students taking admission in LU increasing tremendously, there is an immediate need of a bigger examination room where evaluation can take place peacefully,'' Awasthi said.Vexed with the incomplete and incorrect information, he said that he will ask the university officials to put up the details before initiating any construction work so that suggestions can come in. It is to note that the university employees had requested the secretary to visit the campus to know the actual situation of various works. The employee's have been agitating against the corruption prevalent in the university and involvement of officials in it.Meanwhile, the secretary's visit fumed up many teachers in the university. Some of them even informed that it is for the first time in the history of LU that a government official is taking note of the irregularities instead of the VC.``It is shameful that such a big university cannot solve its own problems, and seek support of the government,'' a teacher said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12139822", "title": "Biodiversity board to chalk out action plan", "text": "NAGPUR: The maiden meeting of the newly constituted Maharastra State Biodiversity Board (MSBB) will discuss roadmap to institutionalize the board by setting up infrastructure, committees and also chalk out time-bound programme to take up biodiversity related activities in the state.The meeting, to be held at 12noon on Tuesday in Mumbai, will be attended by chairperson Dr E Bharucha, ex-officio members forest secretary Praveen Pardeshi, animal husbandry secretary Anil Diggikar, acting chief wildlife warden AK Saxena, Umarkhed MLA Vijay Khadse and experts including professor SR Yadav of Shivaji University and Kishor Rithe, president of Satpuda Foundation and member-secretary and APCCF (personnel) Anmol Kumar.The MSBB was set up under the Biological Diversity Act 2002. As per this Act, Maharashtra Biological Diversity Rules were notified in 2008. These rules included creation of the state biodiversity board.Dr Bharucha was appointed as chairman on July 5, 2011 while members were appointed in 2011-12. The headquarters of the board will be situated in Van Bhavan in Civil Lines. The Tuesday's meeting will take a decision about staff requirement and office infrastructure.Sources said the board is set to delegate administrative and technical powers to the member-secretary to give sanction to different works enabling him to act as the head of the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12140440", "title": "Megablocks leave commuters stranded on some routes", "text": "MUMBAI: Passengers were stranded on certain routes on Central and Harbour lines as megablocks were carried out on Sunday from 11am to 4pm.On the Central line, the Up Fast track between Mulund and Matunga was completely shut. As a result, there were crowds on platforms along the Slow line. All Up Fast trains leaving Thane were diverted on the Up Slow line between Mulund and Matunga during the block and stopped at all stations.On the Harbour line, trains didn't ply in the Down direction between CST and Kurla from 11.10am to 4.10pm. Trains to Andheri and Bandra were did not ply as maintenance work was carried out between Wadala and Bandra stations.The Down Harbour line services for Vashi, Belapur and Panvel ran on the Main line between CST and Kurla during the block, said CR spokesperson A K Singh.WR withdrew its Sunday jumboblock plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12139753", "title": "Vidarbha Taxpayers Association\u2019s intervention plea on Ram Jhula", "text": "NAGPUR: In a fight for early completion of much-delayed Ram Jhula project, the Vidarbha Taxpayers Association (VTA) has filed an intervention to represent the voice of taxpayers whose hard-earned is being unnecessarily wasted owing to delay in its completion.Terming the respondents, including MSRDC and Railways as lethargic, the intervener has squarely blamed them for delay in project which led to escalation of its costs. It stated that the original cost of construction was Rs 45.95 crore which is now nearly doubled to Rs 88.74 crore.Expressing serious concern over big hole in Butibori railway over bridge (RoB) that was opened just four months back, VTA demanded that Ram Jhula must live up to the expectations of citizens as existing bridge constructed by British lasted for more than a century without any safety problems. It raised serious doubts over decision to construct cable-stayed bridge at the place despite the fact that normal bridge lasted for over a century.The intervener contended that suspension/cable-stayed bridges are the costliest to construct as compared to conventional ones. They are ideal in case of rivers, seas or other water bodies as there is a considerable distance between pillars and columns, which allows ships or hovercrafts to pass comfortably. \"But, here the situation is entirely different. It is not understood as to why a new experiment of cable-stayed bridge is made at the cost of public money. The deciding authority intends to make a pomp and show of creating a landmark in the city without caring for its safety measures and guarantee,\" VTA said. It demanded guarantee of 100 years from respondents for Ram Jhula.The taxpayers' body said that it will provide a technical assistance to respondents in ensuring safety measures of the project by seeking assistance from city-born Nemkumar Bahthia, who is a senior research chairman at the University of British Columbia in Canada, and an expert in this area.The PIL was filed by Nagpur Chamber of Commerce Limited (NCCL) as a last resort to see that stalled work on Ram Jhula, the six-lane cable-stayed railway overbridge near Santra Market gets rolling. They urged the high court to direct Afcons Infrastructure, one of the respondents and contractor, to execute the work as per the agreement on January 17, 2006. The NCCL has highlighted that work tender was allotted to Afcons on January 25, 2006. The project was to be completed in 42 months. In the last five years only 30% work has been completed. The cable-stayed bridge is not even halfway constructed despite the fact that crores of rupees belonging to taxpayers were already spent on the project and the cost is escalating with each passing day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12144025", "title": "Assembly polls: Counting of votes to be taken up tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: Counting of votes in the Assembly elections in the five states of Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Punjab, Manipur and Goa, considered \"mini general elections\", will be taken up on Tuesday.The counting will begin at 0800 hours and first results are expected in an hour or two and all the results by evening.The results will decide the fate of candidates in a total of 690 assembly seats --- 403 in UP, 117 seats in Punjab, 70 in Uttarakhand, 60 in Manipur and 40 in Goa.The elections, which have taken place in the middle of the last Lok Sabha election in 2009 and the next in 2014 are being considered some sort of \"semi final\" for the UPA and NDA.While the Congress facing one controversy after another is looking forward to salvage its image, the opposition combine treats it as an occasion to pitch for a larger claim in 2014.Looking for some buffer amid pulls and pressures of a troubling ally Mamata Banerjee, Congress faces an uphill task in reviving its fortunes in Uttar Pradesh.BJP's task is also daunting as it has to return to power in Uttarakhand, where corruption allegations against it appear to have tilted the balance in favour of Congress. NDA also has a tough task in retaining Punjab.Rahul Gandhi had led the campaign in the Mayawati-ruled Uttar Pradesh from the front where Congress is contesting 357 seats in alliance with Ajit Singh's RLD in the 403-member Assembly.The party had won only 22 seats in the 2007 assembly elections in the state but made a spectacular show in last Lok Sabha elections where it won 22 Parliamentary seats coming as a shock to Samajwadi Party , BSP and BJP.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12139294", "title": "Tribal student at AIIMS hangs self", "text": "NEW DELHI: A first-year MBBS student at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences, who hailed from a village in Rajasthan and was the second topper in the Scheduled Tribe category at the all-India medical entrance test, allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling fan of his hostel room on Saturday.Anil Kumar Meena, 22, was reportedly struggling to cope with the English-medium teaching at the institute. His friends and family members alleged that Anil, the son of a tribal farmer in Baran district, had been facing discrimination at the institute due to his rural background and Hindi-medium education.MBBS students at AIIMS have decided to boycott classes from Monday, demanding the resignation of institute director, Dr R C Deka, over Anil's death. Anil was depressed for the past few days as he had failed to clear his first-year exams and was to reappear as a fresh candidate for the semester tests starting Monday.Deputy Commissioner of Police (South) Chaya Sharma said Anil had locked himself up in his hostel room throughout Saturday. \"His concerned friends called the security guard and made him look through the room ventilator on Sunday morning. The guard found him hanging. No suicide note was found,\" she said.Sharma said the body had been sent for post mortem and that cops were probing all angles.Anil had got admission in the 2010-11 batch but he was barred from taking the final exam due to low attendance. He was asked to take supplementary exams three months later in which he failed.Exam stress: Second suicide at AIIMS in 2 yearsAnil Kumar Meena's friends expressed shock at his suicide. \"We played cricket together on Friday afternoon. After that, he also came over to my hostel room in the night to watch a comedy serial. Though he was sad over his poor results, he did not appear suicidal,\" said Rajendra Ghunawat, a second-year student who was the first person to inform other hostel mates about Anil not coming out of his room. Ghunawat said he last saw Anil around 2.30am on Saturday when he went to the first floor of the hostel to fetch water.\"He was sitting silently and did not respond to my call. I left thinking he might be sleepy. We did not see him the next day and finally called the guards on Sunday,\" he said.Omesh Meena, the victim's cousin, claimed that the teachers had declared at the last moment that only 50% marks of the main exam will be counted and the rest will be from internal assessment.\"Anil was a bright student. He scored 75% marks in senior secondary school and had second rank in AIPMT 2010 in the ST category. Because he was from a Hindi medium background, he faced problems understanding the lectures. He was also taking private tuitions in English,\" he said. \"Anil missed a lot of classes in the first year because teachers did not really help him overcome the language barrier and he felt humiliated,\" Omesh claimed. AIIMS Students' Union president Tungish Bansal held the institute director morally responsible for Anil's death.\"This is the second death of an MBBS student over exam-related issues. Two years ago, a final-year had committed suicide. But no remedial measures have been taken. The director refused to meet the victim despite several attempts made by him over the past 10 days,\" said Bansal. Students took out a candlelight march on Sunday evening and gheraoed AIIMS director R C Deka, demanding his resignation. Deka did not respond to TOI's calls.Rani Kumar, the dean of examinations at AIIMS said there was no caste-based discrimination and the institute had taken several measures like forming a stress management committee to look into problems faced by students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12141905", "title": "Cyber forensic lab on the horizon, says Gupta", "text": "INDORE: State home minister Umashankar Gupta, on Sunday has assured that a cyber forensic lab would be opened soon in Indore and cyber forensic will be included in the training module of police. Gupta's assurance on the lab and the inclusion of cyber forensic in the training module came after an official request from the IG, Anuradha Shankar.He was speaking at the plenary session of a two-day seminar organized on the 'Use of IT in police work'. The experts from across the country participated in the seminar which started on Saturday.Boosting the morale of police personnel, the minister stated that even though the criminals may outsmart security agencies, it is the police which come out victorious due to their clean intention.Gupta also spoke about the commissioner system and said it would be implemented soon in Indore and Bhopal.It will be now the responsibility of the officials to prove its efficacy so that the system could be introduced in other cities of the state too, he said. The minister emphasized that the commissioner system must obliterate the fear regarding the police and the new set up.Referring to the cyber expertise of the state police, the newly appointed director general of police (DGP) of Madhya Pradesh, Nandan Dubey, said almost all major feats by the police in recent days have come through technology. This is a field which involves imagination, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12140437", "title": "Census in Morni to check wild strays", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Concerned about a series of incidents where wild animals from Morni wildlife area strayed into residential areas of Panchkula, the Haryana Wildlife Department has decided to conduct a census of wild animals in the Morni wildlife area starting April last week. The census would be conducted with the help of experts from the Wildlife Institute of India (WII), Dehradun.The census aims to identify leopards, sambhars, chitals, wild dogs, black deer, blue bulls and chinkaras among other animals in the area. The Morni wildlife area sprawls over around 50,000 acres, including 14 different bhojs (villages with 4-5 houses each).Panchkula wildlife officer R K Sharma said, \"We have received necessary approvals from the Union government and would carry out the census in Morni forest area between April last week and May.\"\"The recent incidents where wild animals entered the city limits were alarming. Once we get the data from the census, a detailed plan would be charted to prevent wild animals from entering human habitat,\" Sharma added. He said thecensus was earlier supposed to be carried during April first week, but was postponed on WII's suggestions.According to the last census conducted by Haryana wildlife department, there were 17 leopards in the Morni forest range, but the numbers could be more at present. It's tough to determine the exact population of leopards as they sometimes move to the adjoining forests of Himachal Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12139593", "title": "Exhibition on forest products on at Dilli Haat", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kesraj Jogi sits cross-legged in front of a makeshift kitchen at Dilli Haat - there's a small brick stove, some basic utensils and a pot of brewing tea. It's exactly like his home in Kotputli, Rajasthan, he says. He's here at Green Haat 2012 - the ongoing exhibition of forest-based products - and is contributing by preparing nomadic food.\"We have got all the ingredients from Rajasthan, and they are organic,\" he says, as he pours tea into small earthen cups. The menu is simple and healthy - bajra roti and gatta kadhi, among other traditional dishes - and they make the food right there.Apart from Kesraj and his team of cooks, the exhibition includes over 50 participants - rural and tribal groups, federal organizations, cooperative societies, and non-governmental organizations - from across the country, each showcasing how their livelihood is dependant on the forest ecosystem. The festival - on till March 15 - has been organized by the ministry of environment and forest. The products comprise forest-based handicrafts made from bamboo, cane, and grass; herbal medicines, health supplements, and natural cosmetics; and food items like soups, spices, grains, and pickles. There are jute camels, horses and elephants from Orissa; bright, embroidered dupattas from Haryana; multigrain ladoos and sugar-free cookies from Himachal Pradesh; pure honey from Rajasthan. At some stalls, there are samples of products - herbal tea at one, sama kheer at another.Although this is the second edition of the festival, there are several first-timers as well. Vanastree, from Karnataka, is one such organization. \"All the products are made in women's homes in villages around Sirsi. The women tend the gardens, and the seeds we're selling here come from there,\" says Elisa Catanzariti, who is currently interning at the collective.The Green Haat 2012 festival - on till March 15 - has been organized by the ministry of environment and forest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12139742", "title": "\u2018Clever\u2019 tiger kills bait, doesn\u2019t eat it", "text": "LUCKNOW: The tiger, which is roaming in the Rahmankhera forest for the past two months killed yet another calf on Sunday. However, it did not eat the kill. After killing the bait, it moved back to the scrub jungle. It was on January 8 that its presence was noticed in Rahmankhera, in the Central Institute of Subtropical Horticulture (CISH) premises, for the first time.Since then, there has been no headway in trapping the tiger, though forest officers have been present at the spot for all these months. The team, comprising forest officers and people from WTI are combing the area to tranquilise and trap the tiger, but, there has been no progress. On Saturday, the team had a close encounter with the tiger at Rahmankhera. But, instead of firing a dart at the feline, people who had spotted the tiger came back from the spot, said sources.On Friday, too, it was a similar experience for the team during the combing operation. The tiger had come out of its hide-out, following the elephant which was combing the area. The mahout who was combing the area all alone was scared away by the big cat. \"The tiger is seen almost everyday now,\" said Kaushlendra Singh, from Tiger and Terrain. Wildlife experts have suggested using tiger calls, to bring the hiding tiger out. Tiger calls are recorded roars of the tiger, which when played in the wild, gives the impression about another tiger being present in the area. Since tiger is a territorial animal, it will certainly come out to know about another tiger present in its territory. \"This tiger has grown clever over a period of time and knows its current habitat very well,\" said Rahul Shukla , from Tiger and Terrain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144279", "title": "A busy Holi for Swastika Mukherjee", "text": "Swastika Mukherjee is all set for a busy Holi. The actor will be in Tagore's abode, Santiniketan, for the Festival of Colours, but sadly enough for her, it's for a film's shoot.Talking about Holi sequences, the actor said she had shot one with Rachna Banerjee for \"Lakshyabhed\". 'It's the most difficult thing to do. The song that we were shooting for took us three days, but to maintain continuity, we would spend hours on makeup. I'm not much in favour of shooting Holi songs,'she said. Two of the actor's films are up for release - \"Abar Bomkesh\"and 'Bhooter Bhobishyot\" and Swastika is already getting the jitters.\"But it's not for my films. My daughter, Anwesha's exams are coming up. She is a student of Class VII and all day, we are busy studying,' she said. Can't miss that 'we' bit.Sources close to the actor explained, \"Swastika, who considers Anwesha to be more of a friend than her daughter, is spending most of her time taking care of her studies. Apart from French, which is part of Anwesha's curriculum, and which Swastika isn't too clued into, she takes active interest in every subject.\" Swastika too had once mentioned that helping Anwesha out in her homework, feels like revisiting school days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12141130", "title": "Arrest of father-son duo for aiding Naxals is under investigation: Police", "text": "MANGALORE: The move by Anti-Naxal Force (ANF) to arrest father-son duo on charges of abetting left-wing extremists found its echo in the monthly SC/ST meeting organized by the Dakshina Kannada district police here on Sunday.ANF had picked up Lingappa Malekudiya ,53), and his son Vittala Malekudiya ,22, and handed them over to Venoor police for further action on Staurday.Ishwari of Dalit Hakkugala Horatta Samiti raised the issue in the meeting. Noting that Vittala was pursuing his post-graduation in mass communication and journalism from Mangalore University, Ishwari said police action would ruin his academic career. \"The student had come home to Kuthlur to admit Lingappa to hospital after hearing news that ANF had ill-treated his father,\" Ishwari said, adding that Vittala had been unnecessarily dragged into the case.Police should leave Vittala out the purview of the case, she demanded.Vittala had staunchly opposed left-wing extremism and it is not possible to link him to such elements, Ishwari said.Such prejudicial action against tribal youths would drive them towards Naxalism, Ishwari said, adding that police should take a lenient view in his case. Superintendent of police Abhishek Goyal said the case was under investigation and it would be premature for him to comment on any aspect of the case till investigation was complete.Reacting to the observation from SP Anand of Dalit Sangharsh Samiti that DK police were not strict on those violating traffic rules including using cell phones while driving, buses using high decibel horns near public hospitals or smoking in public places, SP said he would instruct policemen to deal sternly with the offenders.Anand said such flagrant violation of rules could endanger lifes of not only the motorists but other road users as well.SP directed police officials concerned to probe the circumstances under which Mohan Gowda, accused of having illegitimate affair with a dalit girl, was taken away from Prajna Counselling Centre here.Sullia police had brought her to the centre after FIR was registered against Gowda for abusing her on pretext of providing her job. The girl was brought to the centre as her parents and Gowda's family disapproved their relation, Anand said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12139796", "title": "Holi: Theme-based plates, glasses for a vibrant party", "text": "GURGAON: With only few days left for Holi, Gurgaon residents are getting ready to paint the town in vibrant colours.People are planning Holi parties and are looking for innovative items that will add more colour to their celebrations.A very popular item among those planning to host parties this Holi are the colourful and classy disposable plates, glasses, paper napkins and table cloths that are available in the market.Mehaa Singh, a mother of a three-year-old and a resident of DLF phase 1, said, \"I am having two Holi parties at home, one for kids and another for adults.It's not possible to use your favourite China or expensive tablecloths as there is high possibility of them getting spoiled by the colours. This year, I came across some beautiful dining sets which even include tablecloths, in the market, designed specially for Holi. They are vibrant, colourful and have been made especially for the occasion.\" She went on to add, \"The best thing about them is that unlike the usual disposable items, they are more durable and can contain both hot and cold items without getting damaged. And of course they are so much better looking.\"Several such dining sets are available in Gurgaon markets as shopkeepers say that there are in huge demand. Ravleen Anand, director of ALP Overseas pvt Ltd, a company that markets different types of products abroad, and which has come up with one such Holi-themed disposable tableware said, \"Gurgaon has a cosmopolitan crowd, who are fashionable, educated and have a high disposable income.They are willing to experiment and organize colourful parties and do not shy away from spending around 500 bucks on festival-themed products, even if they are disposable. Also, Holi is a beautiful festival but it can get messy because of the colours. Domestic helps also usually go on leave that day. So we came up with this idea and decided to provide people with beautiful Holi-themed products which they can use during say a brunch in Holi. They look good and are convenient for such a festival.\"Also keeping with the trends of past couple of years, a large number of Gurgaonites are going for herbal and organic colours in Holi.\"This time around, we have even got bottled colour sprays made of herbal products like kesar, rose, carrots etc,\" said Priti Agarwal of Kriti Creations, a store in DT City Centre Mall in MG Road.The traditional garlands made of chocolates and dry fruits used during Holika dahan puja have also got a makeover this year. Priti said, \"We have often got complaints from parents that children refuse to wear these malas and create a lot of fuss during the festivals. So we have given a twist to these garlands by using chocolates or bubble gums shaped like Barbie or Benton products. We have also put erasers, pencils, sharpeners etc in the garlands which kids can use after the puja.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "12140798", "title": "Kundankulam protests: Medha Patkar flays PM\u2019s jibe on NGOs", "text": "THRISSUR: The remarks of Prime Minister on the NGOs that are opposing the Kundankulam nuclear plant seems to have irked social activist Medha Patkar.She said that the 'PM's perspective and vision is distorted and perverted'.The PM had said that NGOs opposing nuclear plant were getting support from abroad.Patkar, who was in Thrissur to inaugurate the People's Parliament of Rashtra Dal, said that if the state could receive technologies and materials from foreign countries, why could not NGOs that were supporting people's movement do that.\"The State has no moral right to question receiving foreign funds by NGOs. But, Narmada Bachao Andolan and National Alliance of People's Movements do not receive foreign funds,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12139766", "title": "ILS Pune hogs the limelight in \u2018Law Vision\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: 'Law Vision', the annual national law festival hosted by Dr Ambedkar College, Nagpur (DACN) turned out to be a good outing for the Indian Law Society (ILS), Law College, Pune. That's because it bagged the maximum number of awards.The three-day event witnessed a variety of contests like law quiz, case study and moot court. Participants, who also came from Bangalore and Pune, enhanced their knowledge by attending lectures of legal luminaries.ML Tahaliyani, judge, High Court of Judicature, Nagpur Bench of Bombay High Court, was the chief guest for the valedictory function. Addressing the gathering, Tahaliyani said that since his days, law education and the profession itself had undergone a sea change.\"We didn't have all these facilities and exposure. Today, due to such events, students are getting first hand experience on how to present arguments in front of established judges. The exercise in helping them in confidence-building,\" said Tahaliyani.He advised students to put their heart and soul into studies and success would follow. \"Your motto should be service. When you do something for the society, it is bound to give you rewards. And remember, never do anything that will tarnish the image of this noble profession,\" he said.The team from KLE Society's Law College bagged the honours in quiz while students of DACN emerged the champions in the case study contest. ILS, Pune, emerged the best in the moot court and best memorial events.DACN's Apoorva Bhasarkar went home with the best researcher award while Shubhangi Goel from ILS, Pune, won the best mooter award.\"The most important thing was that so many personalities from the legal field enlightened us,\" said an elated Shubhangi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12140627", "title": "There was no inside hand in Friday's violence: BJP chief", "text": "MYSORE: State BJP president K S Eshwarappa has his own pet conspiracy theories about the lawlessness that shamed Bangalore on Friday. Surely, he says, a judicial inquiry will bring out the truth, in an interview to TOI.Was the violence an attempt to destabilize the Sadananda Gowda government?I will not totally rule this out; only a judicial inquiry will bring out the truth. Since the BJP came to power, systematic efforts are being made by rival parties to dethrone us, and it is difficult to zero in on the motive.Is there an inside hand?There is absolutely no conspiracy from people within the BJP. It is a figment of imagination to suspect our own leaders, especially those like BS Yeddyurappa or R Ashoka. The statements made by governor HR Bhardwaj and the Congress-JD(S) reactions indicate there is something cooking against the BJP government.Was there any political pressure not to take action against the lawyers?Not at all, police have acted promptly. If there had been any political pressure, the situation would have gone out of control. Rumours about a constable and a lawyer being dead were flying thick and fast.But wasn't the government all at sea when the violence began?How can you say that? The ordering of a judicial probe shows the government acted swiftly. Nobody had a premonition about such incidents. If the government had failed to act, police wouldn't have arrested guilty lawyers.Why was a judicial probe ordered when nobody demanded it? Will it not delay the process of investigation?People say 100 things. While one secton wants a CBI probe, other seeks a police inquiry. We ordered a judicial probe to put all speculation about the incident to rest. No sane leader will claim that a judicial probe allows the truth to die a natural death. In the past, many judicial commissions have been constituted, have exposed the truth and succeeded in nailing culprits.Former PM HD Deve Gowda has tried to defend lawyer AP Ranganath, saying he was nowhere in the picture...Gowda, a veteran politician, shouldn't speak like this. He should allow police to work freely. He should know how (these) incidents happened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12141924", "title": "State varsity registrar meet on March 6", "text": "INDORE: The higher education department has convened a meeting of the registrars of the state universities in Bhopal on Tuesday to discuss issues relating to administration and strict adherence to academic acalender. Orders to this effect has been issued by the Commission Higher Education, Dr V S Niranjan.R D Musalgaonkar, registrar, Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) told TOI, \"The meeting has been convened to discuss issues related to conduct of examination and timely declaration of results. Some other important issues will also be discussed in the meeting.\"Sources told TOI that seven issues will be discussed in the meeting, out of which timely result declaration, admission in the varsities and conduct of examination will be taken on priority. It is to be noted that in past few years there have series of complaints related to delay in declarations of results in the varsities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "jaipur/alwar", "code": "12140187", "title": "Villagers attack forest officials in Sariska, 5 hurt", "text": "JAIPUR/ALWAR: A senior forest department officer and four guards were attacked by a mob of 50 villagers in Alwar's Sariska sanctuary late on Saturday night when the officer tried to stop them from cutting trees.Assistant conservator of forest Udairam and four guards sustained injuries. The condition of two guards is stated to be serious. The forest department has registered an FIR against the attackers though no arrests have been made yet.According to the police, the incident took place at Indo Kafarmi village in the sanctuary around 10.30pm. \"Udairam got a tip-off that some people were cutting trees, which is prohibited in the area. A team led by the officer rushed to the spot. They intercepted a truck laden with wood, but the culprits ran away,\" said a police officer. Udairam and his team went to the village to probe the matter. \"A mob of about 50 villagers surrounded the team and attacked them with sticks,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12140918", "title": "Substandard helmet sellers crop up across Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: It is not just motorists who have woken up to the compulsory helmet rule imposed by the police, but also roadside vendors selling substandard helmets.Around 100 roadside helmet stalls have mushroomed within two days after the city police enforced the compulsory helmet rule, apparently without obtaining proper permission from the authorities to sell helmets. The sellers, mostly from Andhra Pradesh , Bihar and Delhi are selling the headgears from Rs 150 to Rs 600.One has to stumble upon these helmet selling points at every 100 feet in areas such as Mattuthavani, Pudur, Anna Nagar, Tallakulam and Avaniayapuram. A vast majority of motorists buy substandard helmets from these unauthorized vendors to escape penalty.The sellers admit they have visited Madurai after learning about the enforcement of the helmet rule from Andhra Pradesh, Bihar, and Delhi. They have stacked dozens of helmets along the roadside, which invariably have a fake ISI mark. The vendors sell the headgears from Rs 150 and Rs 300, but no one issues a receipt for payment.While most motorists lack awareness about lack of safety in these substandard helmets, many more buy these helmets, well aware of the fact since they are cheap.T Dhanya, a businesswoman of K K Nagar was sceptical whether the police would continue the strict enforcement of the helmet rule after a few days. \"Even in the last year, the police began cracking down on people not wearing helmets. But a few days later, the enforcement lost steam and motorists shunned helmets. I feel the same thing is going to repeat now. That is why we are buying the comparatively cheaper helmets,\" she said. Dhanya is one of the motorists who bought a helmet for Rs 150 in a roadside stall.Policemen have been asking the public not to go in for cheaper versions which are obviously substandard. But the enforcement of law without necessary awareness seems to be the culprit. \"Why should we spend Rs 600 to Rs 700 on a helmet? \"We are not keen on wearing these, but only because of the threat of being penalized by the police, do we wear helmets,\" says K Raja, a businessman of Anna Nagar. However, he agrees these cheap helmets are not comfortable to ride with.Selling helmets near K K Nagar, Rakesh (28) of Mysore said, \"On hearing that helmets are compulsory, we came down here to do business. \"Besides ordinary helmets, we also sell ISI marked helmets for Rs 450 to Rs 650. For the past two days, people are buying the headgear in large numbers,\" he said.Ashphaq of Azadpur said there were about 100 of them from Andhra Pradesh, Bihar and Delhi who have come to Madurai. \"We have not obtained permission for selling helmets,\" he admitted.M Piravi Perumal, a consumer activist, said wearing of these fake helmets has far more dangerous consequences than non-wearing of helmets.\"The police and district administration have to step in to crack down on fake helmets, which do little to nothing to protect the rider's skull, brain and neck from serious injury in the event of a high-speed traffic collision. The law-enforcing authorities must act swiftly and take action against traders merchandising fake helmets,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12139471", "title": "After fire, it\u2019s jumbo scare", "text": "BANGALORE: First, it was the Nagarahole fire. Now it is the elephant invasion that is alarming the people living in areas bordering the forests.Though the pople living on the fringes of forests in Kodagu, Mysore and Hassan districts have been facing elephant menace for more than a decade now, it is their huge number that has been making forays into the human habitation over the last few days that is causing concern to them now.Following the recent fire incident at Rajiv Gandhi National Park, herds of wild elephants have sneaked into the populated areas creating panic among villagers. Things have come to such a pass that people venture outside their homes now either in groups or in four-wheelers or public transport.\"It is clear to most of us: stay inside and avoid venturing out. It is not safe, especially between 5 pm and 8 am as it is the time for the elephants to roam the main roads too. They are literally roaming here like stray dogs,\" said K S Muthappa, a coffee planter who had a narrow escape two years ago after he was attacked by a wild tusker close to his estate near Bhadragola village near Thithimathi forest in Kodagu. \"Quite often we try to assure ourselves by believing that the elephants won't harm us if we don't harm them. But this theory does not hold all the time, especially if there are calves or if the elephant is a rogue,'' he added.Coffee planters in parts of Virajpet taluk of Kodagu and farmers in parts of Mysore and Hassan districts spend sleepless nights as hordes of elephants make way into their estates and fields destroying plantations and crops. They claim that at least 30-40 elephants attack their crops each night and they are helpless. \"These days, jumbos are not scared of humans. Earlier, they would only eat our crops. But nowadays, jumbos even come to our courtyard in search of food. In the process, they damage our houses,\" said a planter VC Mani.Civil and forest personnel have been trying to chase the elephants away back to Nagarahole, but have not been successful as yet. \"A large tract of virgin forest patch has been destroyed during the recent fire incident at Nagarahole. This has severely impacted the water and fodder of wild jumbos especially with the summer setting in,\" said wildlife activist K M Chinnappa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12140246", "title": "Two more arrests likely in NHRM scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as questions are being raised about the timing of Babu Singh Kushwaha's arrest on the last day of seven-phase polling in Uttar Pradesh, highly placed sources said two more prominent arrests are likely in the National Rural Health Mission scam before the votes are counted on March 6.CBI was aware of Kushwaha's role for the past three months and he was questioned twice. CBI sources said former family welfare principal secretary Pradeep Shukla is also on the radar and might be arrested soon.Kushwaha was named as the main accused in one of the cases related to upgradation of 134 district hospitals in Uttar Pradesh. In this case, where a contract of Rs 13.4 crore was given by UP Jal Nigam to M/s Surgicoin, Kushwaha was named as an accused along with P K Jain. It was alleged that work was given to Surgicoin on the basis of bogus/forged documents and the material installed in the hospitals was found to be of inferior/sub-standard quality and there was a loss of Rs 5.46 crore. CBI had found during investigations that Kushwaha had given the go-ahead to award the contract to Surgicoin.Kushwaha defended himself on Saturday in the Ghaziabad court claiming that he was not in a position to finalize decisions about allocation of funds and work being assigned to companies and added that there were two core committees for it and he was not the head of any committee. He said before the court that the UP chief minister headed one committee while the other was headed by the state chief secretary and Mayawati's decision was final. He denied that he ever allocated funds for any work in NRHM.Co-accused BSP MLA Ram Pal Singh Jaiswal, who was also arrested by CBI on Saturday, told the court that he ran his private companies and no NRHM funds was siphoned by his firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12140916", "title": "Ponnam calls on Rayapati", "text": "GUNTUR: In what came as a surprising political move on Sunday, Ponnam Prabhakar, convenor of the Telangana Congress MPs' Forum , met MP Rayapati Sambasiva Rao, a staunch advocate of united Andhra, at the latter's residence for over an hour.Although Ponnam described the meeting as a courtesy call, his visit has triggered off intense speculation in political circles. Speaking to reporters, Prabhakar said that the Congress MPs from the Telangana region would, over Monday and Tuesday, call on senior party leaders in Delhi to apprise them about the political environment inAP.\"We have not completely withdrawn from the battle for a separate Telangana. We have only retreated keeping in view the elections in the five states. With the Assembly elections coming to an end, we plan to restart negotiations with the high command on the Telangana issue,\" Prabhakar said.However, he reiterated that they would not accept a Telangana Regional Council (TRC) in place of a separate Telangana. \"That would be like giving a toffee to one crying for a square meal. The issue of Telangana is in the hearts of four crore people of the region and Congress has a responsibility to honour this sentiment,\" he said. However, he clarified that the Telangana Congress MPs would abide by the high command's decision in the matter.On his part, Rayapati said that although he wished for a united state, he would not question the high command in case it goes with the other option. \"We are 'disciplined soldiers' of the party and will honestly follow the party's line,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12140508", "title": "Holi: Synthetic colours cause rashes, say doctors", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even dermatologists feel that eyes are at a greater risk than the skin where synthetic colours are often used during the festival. \"In extreme cases, eyes are the most sensitive part of the face which can be affected. Those who are allergic and have skin problems need to be cautious. Synthetic colours act as abrasives and result in rashes and itching,\" said Dr Vikas Sharma, city-based dermatologist. Those who are already allergic must try and avoid playing too much with the colours. \"People suffering with asthma can have skin allergies like eczema and colours can harm their skin further,\" said Dr S K Jindal, head of the pulmonary medicine, PGI.According to the doctors, green colour has copper sulphate, black colour has lead oxide, while red colour contains mercury sulphate. \"These colours contain heavy metals which can pass through the skin and cause harm,\" said Dr Vikas.Dr Malika Sachdeva, another city-based skin specialist said, \"Use organic colours as synthetic colours are harmful for the skin. Sunscreen acts as a barrier against the colours.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12139849", "title": "State proposes flyover at Hero Honda crossing", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana government has proposed to build a flyover across the Gurgaon expressway at Hero Honda crossing in place of the NHAI's proposal of an underpass without any government investment.The state submitted this plan after opposing the Centre's proposal of equal cost sharing for construction of an underpass here by the state and NHAI.The new proposal that has been submitted to the road transport highways ministry recently is on the lines of elevated roads built in Tokyo .The proposal says the elevated roads can be built across the expressway by any private party, which would get long lease of properties that would be developed as a part of the composite project.\"Commercial space can be created in these buildings over the expressway. Enough clearing space can be left for straight moving vehicles.Those heading towards Jaipur Sector-10 side or those from Hero Honda towards Delhi can take the elevated roads which will be through different floors of the buildings,\" said a senior Haryana government official.He added that the issue was discussed and a sketchy model has been submitted to the highways ministry at a recently held meeting in the capital. The official, who has been associated to the Hero Honda issue for long, said that there would be private players to undertake the project under build operate and transfer (BOT)mode.\"The project can go to a private player who would quote the minimum years of lease for these commercial spaces.The lands for commercial development can be identified by the HUDA. We will have a solution and that too without any government investment,\" said the official.A highway ministry official also said that they are considering the proposal and a high-level technical committee would look into the case for a quick decision. Once awarded, it would take about two years to complete the project. He agreed that without an innovative solution, the mess at Hero Honda crossing cannot be addressed.However, this means commuters who have been suffering for years due to indecisiveness of both the Centre and Haryana governments would have to live with the mess for at least 2-3 years from now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12141494", "title": "East Central Railway GM inspects stations", "text": "PATNA: East Central Railway (ECR) GM Varun Bharthuar on Saturday inspected the Valmikinagar Road- Narkatiaganj-Kaparpura section under Samastipur division of the zone.All principal HoDs, senior officials of the ECR, Samastipur DRM S P Trivedi and other officials of the division were present during the day-long inspection.The GM started his inspection from Valmikinagar Road station where he took stock of passenger amenities available there. He inspected the Railway Colony, rail bridges and track condition on the section. Bharthuar also reviewed the safety measures and track patrolling on the section. He also inspected a manned level crossing gate located between Bagaha and Narkatiagnaj stations. The GM said that the railways would give top priority to improving passenger amenities on this section of the division in the larger interest of the common people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144420", "title": "Shruti Haasan's family time", "text": "It's a tough life our filmi celebs have - staying away from their loved ones for outdoor or even foreign schedules for long stretches of time. No wonder, therefore, that whenever they get some time to themselves, they choose to spend it with their families.Shruti Haasan spent some quality time with her mommy this Sunday as she shared her day with fans on a microblogging site. Apparently, she went out 'grocery shopping' on Sunday morning with her Mum, but she quite seemed to be enjoying herself. The actor wrote, \"Grocery shopping with mommy dearest. Never shop for food when you're hungry..lol muddles the brain and makes you buy sauces you'll never eat (sic)\".Shruti soon followed it up with this message on her blog, \"Most things in life and most ppl are never what they appear to be that's why it's important to hold on to the real deal and value it always\". And the actor surely did follow her own statement as she later informed fans on her blog how she had spent her evening. She wrote, \"Lovely evening with friends and family. off to my zweet zzzzz land.loads of dubbing tomorrow.exciting!\" Sundays always seem to be the shortest day of the week, isn't it Shruti?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12141873", "title": "Multi System Operators asked to pay Rs 12 crore tax due", "text": "INDORE: In a major relief to the Multi System Operators (MSOs), who are demanding the government to reconsider the new entertainment tax system, the state commercial taxes department asked them to pay the pending entertainment tax dues amounting to Rs 12 crore, the rate at which they paid tax to the state excise department last year.The MP high court earlier rejected the petition of MSOs, who pleaded against the state government's order asking them to pay taxes at the rate of 20% of their turnover. The MSOs were paying the state a tariff at the rate of Rs 20 per connection, but in the new tax regime they are supposed to pay at the rate of 20% of their turnover.The new tax regime post April 1, 2011 has come as a big jolt to the MSOs, as their turnover exceeds Rs 5 lakh, which comes under the definition of tax payer. The MSOs have sought an audience with the chief minister and are hoping to take up the issue with him. An official of the commercial taxes department told TOI on condition of anonymity that the MSOs should first pay the dues to the tune of Rs 12 crore, before meeting the CM to make their case strong.\"Once they submit the amount, then only can we think of settling their dues for the current fiscal under the new tax regime,\" added the official. On the other hand, among the mobile phone entertainment providers Idea and Airtel have already collected the registration form promising the department to pay the taxes by March 10. Other companies like Tata and BSNL are in talks with their headquarters in Mumbai for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12140783", "title": "This year, celebrate a green Holi", "text": "PUNE: City-based social enterprise e-Coexist has come up with natural colours for Holi this year. Made by women farmers using turmeric as a base, the colours have been packaged by three women's self-help groups (SHGs) in the city.The Centre for Environment Education (CEE) will source the colours from eCoexist as part of the state government's environment service scheme in schools. School students who are part of the scheme will be taught about the colours and the need to avoid using chemicals when they celebrate Holi.The colours contain completely natural ingredients and are lab tested to ensure absence of any toxic heavy metals. There are five natural colours and a wet colour made using beetroot, which can be added to water.Dhaval Joshi, state co-ordinator of the state government's environment service scheme, said that workshops about natural colours and harmful chemicals present in the colours sold in markets were held in four schools from Kalyan and Thane, which are part of the scheme. Ten students from each of these schools will sell the natural colours in stalls set up inside Mantralaya, the administrative headquarters of the state government, on March 5 and 6. The initiative has been organised by the state environment department and the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board. The proceeds of the sale will go to the scheme, Joshi added.The natural colours provide income to farmers' group 'Vanastree' in Karnataka and to the three self-help groups involved in packaging the colours - the Green Tara Foundation, Vishrantwadi, Pragati Udyogic Sahakari Sanstha and the Pragati Foundation, Aundh. The colours have been distributed to SHGs in the city's slums and sold in markets.In the last eight years, the 'Rang Dulaar' natural colours have reached nearly ten cities all over the country. Manisha Gutman, founder of eCoexist, said that the initiative was taken up to ensure use of safe natural colours as an alternative to the toxic chemical colours being sold in the markets.The organisation will also conduct five events for special children from the Bal Kalyan Sanstha, the Blind Boys' School, the Blind Girls' School, Vidya Jyoti, Doorstep School and Nav Kshitij School for the mentally challenged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "12142130", "title": "Burqa-clad women should show face when asked to witness their signature: Australian legal body", "text": "MELBOURNE: A top legal body of Australia, Law Institute of Victoria, has asked for new laws in the state for women wearing burqas making it mandatory to show their face when asked to witness their signature.President of Law Institute of Victoria, Michael Holcroft has said there were several occasions where Justices of Peace (JPs) and lawyers needed to certify a person's identity by seeing their face.\"I can understand the practical issues why identification is important, and I think as long as we remain culturally and religiously sensitive then there's probably some support for it,\" Holcroft said.He said its implementation should be accompanied by an education campaign so that people were culturally aware.\"I would like to see some best practice put out there so people don't intentionally cause offence,\" he said.Responding on this, Islamic Council of Victoria spokesman Nazeem Hussain said existing laws empowering police to demand anyone to remove a facial covering were sufficient.\"What is clear, is that Muslims in Australia have no problem with the underlying principle to identify for the purpose of ensuring security, public safety and complying with the law,\" he said.The demand was made as New South Wales Government announced its tough stance to \"burqa-proof\" identity checks to minimise the risk of fraud.According to 'Herald Sun' report today, in a controversial Carnita Matthews case, a Muslim, who had her conviction overturned for knowingly making a false statement because the prosecution could not prove that she had signed the statement, highlighted the need for the change.The 23-year-old Justice of the Peace witnessed the signature of a woman wearing burqa at Minto Mosque assumed it was Matthews but hadn't asked her to show her face.The JP or lawyer will have to certify in writing on the documents they have seen the person's face or risk a $220 fine for lying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12142287", "title": "Fearing govt change, UP babus pack bags", "text": "LUCKNOW: If bureaucratic movement can be any reflection of changing times, there's frenetic activity gripping UP's government offices. While some are packing their bags to leave, others, insiders say, are clearing out their desks, preparing to move to bigger, more spacious offices.Though preparations for movement began well in advance - many senior bureaucrats applied for central deputation in December soon after the elections were notified - proceedings are now gathering steam.Among top names believed to be making their way back into the state at important positions are 1980-batch IAS officer Jai Shankar Mishra, currently serving as chief executive officer of Khadi and Village Industries Commission. Regarded as a confidant of SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav, Misra is also the father of SP candidate Abhishek Mishra, a former IIM professor and first-time contestant from Lucknow North constituency.The only hitch, though, is Misra's retirement is due in March this year. A senior UP government officer, said: \"His closeness to the SP is wellknown . As a result, there could be a possibility that Misra comes back to UP, gets an extension and is made the next chief secretary.''If soothsayers and poll pundits are to be believed and the SP is voted to power, there are others in the bureaucracy who can look forward to creamier roles. Anita Singh, currently serving as secretary, department of administrative reforms, and believed to be close to Yadav, is also likely to return to prominence.A senior UP bureaucrat said: \"No one is taking chances. With predictions of a regime change, the best idea is to escape before the power broking begins.\"Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12141183", "title": "A walk down pages of history", "text": "KOLKATA: Simla House is as far removed from '10 Janpath' as Old Kolkata is from New Delhi. The two-storied, decaying mansion, which was the residence of Womesh Chandra Bonnerjee, the first president of the Indian National Congress , stands in striking contrast to the sprawling and chic bungalow that houses his present-day successor, Sonia Gandhi. A graying marble plaque at the entrance to 69A, WC Bonnerjee Street, off Girish Park on CR Avenue, that proclaims this address as the residence of the first Congress chief (way back in 1885) is the only reminder to the lost glory of this mansion that once hosted many stalwarts of the freedom struggle.It's easy to miss the plaque and no passerby would care to step through the door beside it to enter what would once have been a bustling mansion. Not unless you happen to have a thing for Kolkata's history and sign up with 'Calcutta Walks'. Which means being crazy enough to wake up at the crack of a Sunday dawn to reach Girish Park when the rest of Kolkata's good folks are just about blinking the day in. But those who do, find the 'sacrifice' well worth it. As our small group - two Americans, two Indians and the TOI team, all shepherded by Iftekhar Ahsan of 'Calcutta Walks' - congregates outside Girish Park Metro station, Iftekhar points to a large mural of Ramakrishna Paramahansa, Girish Ghosh and Noti Binodini and goes on to narrate their life histories. The presence of an American lady, Geraldine Forbes, enriches this tour; and not surprisingly, because she's a historian with a deep knowledge of and interest in India.The first stop is 'Simla House' and at its doors, Geraldine takes over from Iftekhar to tell her colleague from State University of New York at Oswego, Joshua McKeown, all about Bonnerjee and the Congress. We listen in before entering the crumbling mansion which is presently inhabited by three families distantly related to W C Bonnerjee, their tenants, a local sports club and two shops. The front door leads to a central courtyard around which the mansion had been constructed in 1804. The sight is not a pretty one: the plaster has long peeled away and the exposed brick walls look set to crumble any day. Many parts of this structure are already a pile of rubble. Strange that this is not a listed heritage structure and the Congress couldn't be bothered about the mansion its first president occupied. 'Simla House' not only sets the tone for the rest of the tour, but also epitomises vast swathes of north Kolkata that's rich in history, but poor in upkeep and resources. Iftekhar, however, calls this tour 'The Star Still Shines - Sovabazar walk'. At first sight, it appears to have shined eons ago, and large parts of Sovabazar seem shrouded in perpetual, depressing gray.But then, there's no denying the variety and spice of this part of Kolkata. Next stop - 'Latu Babu-Chatu Babur Bazar' - provides us a fascinating peek at life in north Kolkata - a bustling bazaar with shoppers jostling with each other in narrow passages between stalls and haggling endlessly with sellers, 'cheap and fresh' fish sellers hawking their catch at deafening decibels, vegetable sellers urging rotund 'bhadraloks' to bag their cauliflowers before summer sets in, grocers straining to serve clamouring customers while soliciting at the top of their voices for more and owners of a few 'dashakarma bhandars' (shops selling items for pujas and marriages) waiting for the day's rush of customers. And yes, a cat standing guard over a large pan of fish that's poignantly captured by our photographer.The market is named after the two profligate sons of Ramdulal Dey, the first Bengali entrepreneur- millionaire and bang opposite is the 'thakurbari' that Dey constructed. Iftekhar (he likes being called 'Ifte') narrates the fascinating story of Ramdulal's rise from rags to riches and how, because of him, the USA opened its second consulate in the world in this city. And, by the way, the first import from to USA to India (through Kolkata port) was a shipload of ice! These and many other absorbing nuggets of information doled out by Ifte later, we file into the 'thakurbari' where Ifte narrates how this venue hosted soirees by famous singers and musicians, including Gauhar Jaan. Descendants of Ramdulal live in large mansions in this locality and its pleasant to see that these families, unlike many other descendants of illustrious Bengalis of yore, haven't fallen into bad times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12141333", "title": "Govt to build 6,666 houses in 10 slum areas with Central help", "text": "JAIPUR: In its efforts to make Rajasthan a slum-free state, the government has been able to secure funds from the Centre for construction of 6,666 concrete houses under integrated housing and slum development programme (IHSDP).In a total project cost of Rs 211 crore, the Central government has agreed to fund Rs 103 cr for the construction of pucca houses for slum dwellers. Rest of the money will be paid by the state government and the beneficiaries. The project will be implemented at 94 slums in the state for which areas have been identified by the local self governance department.\"We are able to convince the Central government to share the cost for making houses for poor families. The assistance given to us is under the IHSDP scheme and we have identified 10 places for it after conducting house to house survey. Once the construction work gets completed, most of the identified areas will become slum-free\" said R Venkateswaran, secretary, local self governance department.Construction cost of each house is estimated at Rs 2.10 to 2.50 lakh. However, to get pucca house under the scheme, the beneficiary will have to bear 15% of cost of the housing component and will have to over see the construction work on his/her own. \"It is a beneficiary-led project. The state government will ensure the infrastructure development of the area by constructing roads, street lights etc. For the construction for homes we will give money along with design and technical specifications,\" added Venkateswaran.Around two lakh people are expected to get benefited by the scheme. Though only 6,666 house will be constructed, officials say that those who live in concrete houses are not included in the scheme. \"We reached to this particular figure after an exhaustive survey. Those not included already live in concrete houses. But they will gain from the development work that will be carried out in the area as houses will be made on the same land where there are slums,\" said a senior official of UDH department.Pipar city, Phalodi, Mangrol, Shahpura, Shivganj, Anta, Mangrol, Ramganj Madi, Sardar Sehar, Deshnokh are the places selected for the construction of houses under IHSDP scheme. According to the officials, the construction will start in next two months and will be completed by the end of 2013. \"After the completion of this project most of the cities covered under this scheme will become slum free,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "salem tabri", "code": "12140733", "title": "1 held in Rs 6.8 lakh theft case", "text": "SALEM TABRI: The first arrest has been made in a February-15 theft case wherein a driver had reportedly decamped with Rs 6.8 lakh belonging to a footwear trader. Police have arrested Bimla Devi, the mother-in-law of accused Sonu.The Karnal trader, Dheeraj Kapoor, had gone to collect money from his customers. Sonu, his driver and a resident of Karnal, had accompanied him. After collecting Rs 6.8 lakh, Dheeraj halted at a 'dhaba' and asked Sonu to bring something for him from the market. Aware of the cash in the car, Sonu fled with the money.Assistant commissioner of police Swapan Sharma said they came to know that Sonu was married in Moha village of Hoshiarpur and they raided his in-laws' house. Cops said they recovered Rs 4.9 lakh from Sonu's mother-in-law. He said Sonu purchased a television and motorcycle from the money and handed over the rest to Bimla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12140046", "title": "Doctor to get Rs 9.5K for faulty mobile", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Suburban District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum recently ordered a cellphone company, a cellphone shop and service centre together to pay a total of Rs 9,500 to a medical student who had to face severe mental agony after a newly purchased phone turned out to be faulty.Ericsson India Pvt Ltd, Hiranandani mobile shop Abra Ca Dabra and mobile service centre Intarvo Technologies Limited will have to refund Rs 4,500 to Dr Arun Mishra, along with compensation of Rs 5,000.The forum held that they were guilty of deficiency in service. It held that since Mishra was a medical student giving his exams and during such a period, not having the cellphone had caused him severe mental agony and inconvenience.In the complaint filed in the forum on February 17, 2011, Mishra stated that he purchased a cellphone from Abra Ca Dabra in November 2010. The phone, which cost Rs 4,500 came with a one-year warranty. However, since the date of purchase, Mishra encountered several problems with it. He said the phone hanged permanently, turned off randomly and remained off. He also cited problems such as slow startup and a faulty video player.Mishra contacted the customer care service of the company, which was listed as Intarvo Technologies Limited. He was assured that there was no reason to worry and just some changes needed to be made in the software of the phone. However, Mishra alleged that even after the change in software, the problems persisted. Following this, the mother board of the phone was changed and Mishra was given a new International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) number for it. Despite this, the problems were not solved and Mishra had to give the phone to the service centre on three more occasions for repair.Mishra then requested the company to refund the money. However, they refused to do so. He then filed a complaint in the forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12139816", "title": "Holi: Put oil, moisturizer before you go out", "text": "GURGAON: While playing with colours is great fun, colours can also cause damage to your hair and skin, if adequate precautions are not taken. City doctors say that following some simple steps before Holi, Gurgaonites can protect themselves from falling ill. Doctors say that people should refrain from undergoing facial treatments before Holi as they tend to open up the pores of the skin, making it more vulnerable to colours.\"If you are prone to allergies and rashes, visit your dermatologist to check whether you need precautionary medication,\" said Dr Rajiv Chabbra, head, pediatrics and neonatal care, Artemis Healthcare.The heavy metals used in chemical colours, both dry and water soluble, can cause itching and rashes, which can even lead to eczema upon scratching. Dr Chabbra further added, \"Make it a point to moisturize your skin by applying a thick layer of oil or petroleum jelly on exposed body parts.An effective sunscreen lotion is also advisable at least 30 minutes before one step out as the chemicals can make the skin vulnerable to sun burns, darkening and rashes.\"Doctors also advise that washing and scrubbing with soap to remove colours might have adverse effect and aggravate the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12141355", "title": "Spiritual session for business students", "text": "KOLKATA: Students of various business schools in the city will gather on Tuesday morning to attend a spiritual over a different session altogether. It is not over a power point presentation on some business papers or over a seminar on recent economic trends. They will get their lessons on gaining self confidence through the spiritual route. And enlightening them in this session will be none other than American spiritual guru Andrew Cohen will discourse students on how to attain self confidence through the spiritual route.The event will be organized by The Economic Times in campus and Cohen will be talking on 'Spiritual self confidence' at the Bengal Institute of Business Studies (BIBS) on 18 D Lake View Road. The spiritual guru's discourse will begin at 10.30 am. Students of business schools in Kolkata and fringes are expected to turn up in large numbers to hear the Guru first hand.Cohen is founder of non-profit organization EnlightenNext and its award-winning publication EnlightenNext magazine. He began teaching internationally after a transformative meeting with Indian Advaita master HWL Poonja in 1986. Cohen's best-selling book 'Evolutionary Enlightenment: A new Path to Spiritual Awakening' is a product of his spiritual teaching life which spans about 25 years. His work has brought timeless depth on enlightened wisdom into the twenty-first century and redirected its purpose and promise - calling not for transcendence of worldly attachment, but for a deep and heroic responsibility for the evolution of the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144330", "title": "Jamuna Paar lead in Gyan Guru", "text": "With Holi round the corner, most channels are minting on grabbing more attention of viewers by bringing in special shows. And, reality shows are no different!Siddharth Kumar Tewary's quiz based show Gyan Guru on Imagine TV recently saw a young and good looking couple participate.If they looked familiar, you were not wrong. They are the lead pair of a new Rajan Shahi's show - Jamuna Paar. Ankur Verma and Vidhi Parekh, the new couple of the popular show participated in Gyan Guru as celebrity participants. Ankur and Vidhi proved once again that actors are not the dumb and just good looking people they are often thought to be. The couple participated in the Holi special round and answered a number of difficult questions easily. Even host Shakti Arora was stunned at the prompt response of the duo. Says Ankur, \"In today's day and time such a show is an eye opener and a lot of knowledge can be gained through Gyan Guru.\" Vidhi adds, \"It's such a nice experience to be part of this show. There are many quiz based reality shows, but I feel none can beat Gyan Guru. No other show talks about our culture, values and history like this one.\"Lovely way to add on more colours this Holi in 'knowledge'ful way by this couple capers!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12141106", "title": "Soon, spoken English for primary classes in Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government is planning to introduce spoken English lessons from Class I. The education department has roped in British Council for the purpose.The state government is planning to start spoken English classes for the students of primary classes and for that the state education department has chipped in British Council.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had earlier criticized the Left Front government for withdrawing English from the primary syllabus and causing a huge loss to youths of the state. The move will, hence, help children to be skilled for jobs in the future.The state has also decided to develop a proper training aid for teachers of primary classes so that they can impart lessons in a better way.\"Recognizing the market needs and growing importance of language skills for employment, the CM had decided to start spoken English from primary classes. At least the school dropouts will then be better equipped to get jobs,\" said a member of the education committee.An official said that British Council has been approached for preparing English language training aid to improve the quality of teaching at both primary and secondary levels. English language teaching both at Primary and Secondary levels.\"During an appraisal in September 2011, it was recommended to strengthen teacher training module and use audiovisual medium to make learning more attractive. British Council is now filming the books of classes I to V. For book of each classTwo videos of 30 minutes each are being made. Thus, can teachers use the films and videos to teach in class,\" the official added. they will be provided with and can use it in teaching in the classrooms. Thus students can pick up the language quickly even in remote areas.\"\"The teaching aid will be child centric so that it is of high interest to the young learners. To make the films attractive the shooting of the films will be held at different locations and one of the locations is going to be in North Bengal,\" the official said. He said that the audio-visual aid can be easily self accessed, so the teachers can use it in classroom. Moreover, there will be provision for training for the teachers through this audio-visual aids so that they can clarify all doubts.School education secretary Vikram Sen said that the audiovisual training material is being created to train the teachers in a better way. Teachers can not only teach well but also use the material in classrooms. the material in classroom as well.Subrata Chakraborty, an English teacher of Bhadutala Vivekananda high school in West Midnapore, welcomed the move. that this type of training material will surely help the teachers as well the students.\"If the students of Class I are taught English through audiovisual mode, they will have a better grip over the language. The mode of teaching surely matters to the students. I have heard that there will be a training programme soon for the teachers for computer-aided learning so that we can use the tools properly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12141000", "title": "Nurses start indefinite strike for higher salary", "text": "KANNUR: The 50-odd nurses in the Speciality Hospital here began an indefinite strike on Sunday demanding salary hike with three months' retrospective effect and better working conditions.The agitators said that they had given enough time to the hospital management to consider their demand, but the management followed an anti-employee approach by terminating four nursing staff.On January 18, the registered nursing staff in six hospitals in the district had given notice to the authorities for salary hike. When the managements of the other hospitals agreed to this, the institute gave hike to only a few. As many as 35 nurses didn't get the hike, they alleged.Following this a strike notice was given on February 8, but the management promised them that their demand would be considered. On February 29, on the day the representatives of the nursing staff in various hospitals in the state were having a discussion with the health minister and labour minister in Thiruvananthapuram, four nursing staff were terminated from here, which provoked them to launch the agitation, said the striking staff.Nearly 100 nursing staff from other hospitals in the district also joined the agitators expressing solidarity with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12140530", "title": "Holi: Home remedies for synthetic and unsafe colours", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the Holi fervour gripping city residents, certain home remedies can sure be a sigh of relief from the synthetic and unsafe colours. Switching to homemade or herbal colours is one safe option that many are adopting.The home remedies to avoid harmful affects of colours are as diverse as the families in the city. Of the essential things to do before you step out on Thursday, one is to oil your hair well, so the color doesn't stick to it and can be washed off easily. To get rid of the colours on your face, 'besan' and 'malai' would be better instead of strong soaps, while hair could be washed with a mild shampoo followed by a good conditioner.Ritika Sharma, a BA-I student, has been following the 'nuskha' her nani told her years ago. \"I love stepping out to play Holi with friends, but I used to get rashes on my face and my hair used to become rough because of the colours. My grandmother suggested to oil my hair and apply baby cream on the face before embracing the colours. I have been practice this since then,\" she says.Another BA-I student Rakhi Sharma says, \"We have been playing Holi with home made colour from last four years as it doesn't harm the skin. My mother makes these colours from flowers.\"Rahul Khanna, a BTech-II student says boys are very rough at playing Holi as they literally rub the colours hard on each others face. \"We don't realize it then, but later, the skin becomes rough and turns read. I celebrated my last Holi at a friend's house and his mother advised us to apply petroleum jelly before going out. It really helped,\" he adds.Just as avoiding colours on Holi is not possible for some, the official Holi drink 'bhang' is tough to avoid when friends push a glass or two down your throat. But, don't let the hangover spoil your spirit. If you get a headache and vomit, gulp down a glass of lemon juice to rehydrate the stomach. Avoid coffee as it dehydrates the body even more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12140006", "title": "Karvariya to work for Ganga", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Serving the holy Ganga which is the emancipator of all worries would make our life more meaningful, said Bahujan Samaj Party(BSP) MLC, Surajbhan Karvariya while addressing the meeting of Ganga Sewa Abhiyanam here on Sunday.He assured to petition the state government for providing necessary help to the campaign being undertaken on the call given by Jagatguru Shankaracharya Swami Swaroopanand Saraswati and added that Rasoolabad ghat would be developed as a tourist spot.On the other hand environmental engineer, Allahabad Municipal Corporation( AMC) Sanjeev Pradhan who was also present on the occasion also assured to complete the work related to cleaning and uplifting of the ghat as soon as possible. Earlier presiding over the meeting the convenor, Shyam Sundar Singh Patel said that the campaign has been officially started on January 22 by Shankaracharya Swaroopanand Saraswati and now it is the responsibility of the local residents to maintain the momentum. Now the need is to recruit 1000 Ganga Sewaks who can take up the cause of protecting the river and adjoining areas from pollution by keeping the whole area clean on a regular basis.They should also promote the slogan \"one ruppee one minute' wherein the services of local public is roped in alongwith a donation of token amount of Rs 1.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12140177", "title": "\u2018Rising population threat to environment, sustainable development\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: The better management of population and improvement in formal education system in the country are essential to ensure sustainable development of environment, said S P Singh, advisor, Planning Commission, Uttarakhand , on the concluding day of three-day national seminar on 'environmental concerns and sustainable development : issues and challenges in India', organised by the Institute of Environment and Sustainable Development (IESD), Banaras Hindu University , on Sunday.He said that if population is not controlled in the plains, particularly in Gangetic plains of UP , Bihar and Jharkhand , it could disturb the natural resource management in Himalayan region. Singh, who is also a former vice-chancellor of H N B Garhwal University, also said that ecosystem services need to be understood in terms of economics, environment and applications in society. The accountability of people living in plains need to be fixed, as the indiscriminate extraction and exploitation of natural resources cannot be allowed.The formal education system in government schools needs to be strengthened and improved to raise environmental concerns and, he added. Earlier in the day, the speakers emphasised on socio-economic and legal issues of sustainable development along with advances in alternative energy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144071", "title": "Rahul da Cunha planning to write a film!", "text": "Ace playwright Rahul da Cunha is all set to turn his highly acclaimed play Pune Highway into a filmAnd now, he is all set to go one step further, as he plans to write a film. Shares da Cunha, who was in Vadodara for the play Pune Highway, \"I started writing plays because I felt it was high time that we had our own plays, which talk about ourselves. Writing your first play can be quite stressful, but it was hugely satisfying when Class of 84 did so well. Now that Pune Highway has traveled a lot all over the world and completed eight successful years, it really feels good. In many ways, it's a reflection of our country today, where people have become a lot more ruthless and self-centered. It's a lot about the selfishness of man. I have plans of turning this play into a film, and am trying to write an experimental screenplay.\"Ask him about English theatre in India and he says that we have come a long way from the times when it was considered something very elitist, \"Things have changed for the better. In fact, compared to the audience we have for English movies today, English plays have a bigger audience in India and the younger generation feels these plays are relevant to them. It has happened because the language of English theatre has changed, and the characters speak in simple English. Besides, the audiences can relate to these characters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12140745", "title": "'Hand over inquiry to CBI'", "text": "HUBLI: Opposition leader in the assembly Siddramaiah has urged the state government to hand over the case of attack on journalists by lawyers to the CBI, instead of initiating judicial enquiry.Speaking to reporters here on Sunday, Siddramaiah stated that judicial inquiry will take about two to three years to complete investigation and pass the verdict.During the period, witnesses may get influenced by others and may turn hostile.He alleged that police intelligence has completely failed to give information about the possible violence that could erupt during the hearing of mining baron Janardhana Reddy in the civil court. Police should have taken precautionary measures by learning lessons from the previous incident of lawyers' agitation in January.Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda has lost control over the home department as no police officer is listening to him. Besides, most of the ministers in the cabinet are not listening to the CM as most of them are loyal to former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa, he said.Sri Ram Sena condemns attackAttack on mediapersons by lawyers is condemnable, the government should hand over the case to the CBI and punish those who are behind this attack, said Siddalinga swami, the working president of the Sri Ram Sena.Speaking to mediapersons here on Sunday, he alleged that the state government has withdrawn the cases which were filed against the Mangalore and Udupi Christian community, but the cases filed against the Sri Ram Sena activists are not withdrawn.Siddalinga swami said that the government should withdraw the cases filed against the Sri Ram Sena and other Hindu organizations before the next assembly elections in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12141254", "title": "Chittagong revolt captured on film", "text": "KOLKATA: He had been a senior research scientist at NASA for 18 years. But when it came to switching careers, this Bengali director chose to make a film on the Chittagong uprising. Bedabrata Pain, who is one of the inventors of the active pixel sensor technology that produced the world's smallest camera and has been inducted to the US Space Technology Hall of Fame, is now waiting to release his movie in India. But the moot point now is that, despite the film being made on a subject that's as pivotal to Bangladesh as it is to India, the movie might not get a theatrical release there.Says Bedabrata, who quit NASA in 2008 since he got \"bored\", \"I chose my film's subject because of my Bengali origin. My father was born in Dhaka and my mother came from Faridpur. I had grown up listening to tales of Bangladesh. Though I am based in Los Angeles , I still have fond memories of listening to Bhupen Hazarika's \"Ganga amar maa, Padma amar maa\". On my first trip to Bangladesh, I was moved to see that all number plates there were written in Bangla. That was such a high for me.\"Bedabrata's film, set against the backdrop of 1930s British-occupied India where a group of schoolboys and young women led by Surya Sen dared to take on the British, has had a private screening in the US already. \"Half the people in the audience at my New York screening were from Bangladesh. That evening in New York reinforced my faith in the fact that artificial barriers don't exist and can be easily broken in the sub continent. If Bangladeshis in the US can warm up to a film that takes them to their roots, I'm sure the response of Bangladeshis in Chittagong would be no different if they got a chance to watch the movie,\" says the director, who had earlier co-produced the award-winning film, \"Amu\".However, it's a distant dream for \"Chittagong\" to have a premiere followed by a theatrical release in Bangladesh. \"The lacuna is that my film isn't an Indo-Bangla co-production. It is a pity that a film that's named after a town in Bangladesh can't have a release there! Come to think of it, it's rather funny that while an American might get the chance to watch this Hindi film, a Bangladeshi in Dhaka or Chittagong might not be able to do so. This isn't a problem that my film alone is facing. There are so many other such movies that have faced the brunt too. There must be ways to work around this problem that is haunting many other directors like me. I have been living outside South Asia for long but I am an Indian. I believe that political powers have to resolve whatever tensions there are across the border. It's about time the barriers are broken to exploit the deep cultural affinities between both nations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12139980", "title": "Sole all set to become 50th mayor", "text": "NAGPUR: With BJP securing the strength of 78 corporators in advance, BJP's city president and mayoral candidate Anil Sole is all set to become the 50th mayor of the city. Much depends upon the six corporators of Shiv Sena, if BJP denies them the post of deputy mayor.Three corporators are in fray for mayor post including Sole, Sujata Kombade of Congress and Kishor Gajbhiye of BSP. For deputy mayor post, four corporators had filed nomination forms - Alka Dalal of Shiv Sena, Sandip Jadhav of BJP, Ifthikar Ashrafunisa of Congress, and Shabana Parvin of BSP.As per party-wise registration, BJP-led Nagpur Vikas Aghadi (NVA) had registered with 78 corporators - BJP- 62, Independents- 10 and others- 6. Congress registered with its 41 corporators as Nagpur Purogami Vikas Aghadi (NPVA). Sena registered separately with its six corporators. Similarly, NCP had registered with its six corporators and MNS with its two corporators. Considering this, Sole may have a smooth sail. Though chances are very less, the corporators, especially independents and others from NVA, may make difference if they vote against Sole.If sources are to be believed, BJP will withdraw nomination for deputy mayor post and support Dalal. Then Sole and Dalal will become mayor and deputy mayor respectively. The decision will be taken on Sunday night itself. District president Shekhar Sawarbandhe had gone to Mumbai to discuss it with BJP national president Nitin Gadkari.Though a rare chance, Sena's six corporators may play spoilsport. Congress may support BSP for mayor post and give a tough time to BJP, with the help of the corporators from Sena, NCP, and Independents. In such a scenario, BJP may become weak in standing committee.The corporators registered with any front may change their front within one month from the date of publication of their names in gazette. Therefore, no one may be disqualified.As per sources, BJP secured its all corporators at Chokar Dani resort on Amravati road from Sunday evening. The last minute meetings were held there. All corporators will be brought directly from Chokar Dani to Town Hall where the election is scheduled.As per sources, MNS too has declared its support to NVA taking the tally to 80. But there are chances that Sole may get less than 80 votes due to tussle for standing committee and nominated corporators. At the end, it may not be wrong to say that it will be BJP's day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12145967", "title": "Court frames charges against Jaya Jaitley in corruption case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court on Monday framed charges against former Samata Party president Jaya Jaitley and two others in an alleged corruption case of 2001 relating to a defence deal.Jaitley, her erstwhile party colleague Gopal Pacherwal and retired Major General S P Murgai appeared before special CBI judge Kawal Jeet Arora who posted the matter for further proceedings from April 30 after framing the charges.The court framed charges against them for the offence of hatching criminal conspiracy under section 120 B of the Indian penal Code and various other sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act dealing with 'taking gratification for exercise of personal influence with public servant'.The three accused pleaded not guilty and claimed to face trial in the case.The case was registered on the basis of a sting, 'Operation West End,' conducted by newsportal tehelka.com in 2000, purportedly exposing alleged corruption in defence deals.The CBI had submitted a charge sheet against Jaya Jaitley and others in 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "12139674", "title": "Upset over performance in exams, Mumbai teenager commits suicide", "text": "KALYAN: An 18-year-old student committed suicide on Sunday morning because he was upset over his performance in one of the HSC exam papers.His body was found hanging from a rod inside his flat at Subhadra apartment in Aadharwadi area of Kalyan. Police identified him as Omkar Morekar, he was living on first floor of the building. His family said on Saturday late night he went to study after dinner. On Sunday morning around 8am when his younger brother woke up he found Omkar hanging from the ceiling rod. He was taken to Rukiminibai hospital where he was declared dead.According to police, Omkar was studying in HSC science in Laxman Devram Sonawane College. During probe family told police that Omkar was upset since few days as he had not done well in one of the exam papers. He was heard discussing with his friend over phone.His death over poor performance over exam had shocked to entire his family as well as neighbor living in the area as Omkar was known as brilliant student. According to a neighbor who reached hospital after learning about incident said, \"When we heard about Omkar committed suicide we got shock as he was one of the brilliant boy in our building last time during SSC exam he had secured more than 75 percentage marks\"The Bazarpeth police who are probing the matter have recorded accidental death report in this matter. \"Preliminary investigation shows that youth died in depression over his some paper which went not up to mark\" said S Deshmukh, Police sub inspector, from Bazarpeth police station. To know about exact paper and caused police are now waiting to record statements of parents and classmate of victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12141512", "title": "Rs1.83 lakh seized from Pak citizen in Munabao", "text": "JAISALMER: The custom officials recovered over Rs 1.83 lakh from a Pakistani citizen on board the Thar Express at Munabao on Saturday.The man claimed he had collected the money through donations from residents in the border areas of the district for a religious leader in Pakistan.The officials seized the money, and after a brief interrogation allowed him to board the train. Whether he was carrying a visa is yet to be confirmed. The train stops at Munabao, last station in India, for security check.The man identified as Alabachaya initially said he was carrying Rs 17,000 in cash. However, officials were not convinced, and searched him and his belongings. They managed to recover over Rs 1.83 lakh cash.Sources said the man had come to India on a 30-day visa in the first week of January. He stayed in Jodhpur for 15 days, and extended his visa for another 30 days. Then, he went to Jaisalmer from where he collected funds for his religious leader.The Indian Thar Express started for Pakistan on Saturday. Between the Indian and Pakistani government, the onus of running the train is divided for six months each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12140460", "title": "Mumbai family lays murdered child to rest after 2 years", "text": "MUMBAI: In 2009, Upendra Rai's three-year-old daughter Shreya was found murdered a few metres from her home. For over two years, the Borivli family extended all support to cops in the hope that they will bring the culprit to book.With the police probe heading nowhere, the Rais decided to claim their child's body and lay her to rest. On Sunday, they bid a tearful adieu to the beloved daughter.Upendra told TOI, \"More than two years have passed and the police are yet to catch the killer. We are losing hope, but will continue our fight to get justice for our daughter.\"Shreya's skeletal remains were found near a construction site two months after she went missing in October. The girl's head had been severed and buried separately from her body.Shreya's family identified her by her clothes. A DNA test had also confirmed that the remains were of Shreya.The Rais had then refused to claim her remains, saying the murder was committed in the name of child sacrifice and the police should investigate the case properly. The family approached the Bombay High Court and the investigation was transferred to the crime branch.While the crime branch has so far not been successful in nabbing the accused, it has ruled out child sacrifice.The Rais, after going through the crime branch's report and the findings of an NGO, now believe that Shreya was not a victim of some child sacrifice ritual. Few months ago, the family requested the high court to direct the police to hand over Shreya's remains. Following court's directions, Shreya's remains were handed over to the Rais on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12140928", "title": "Need stronger poll code: CEC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief Election Commissioner SY Quraishi on Sunday called for strengthening of the model code of conduct, which came under attack from many ministers who landed in trouble.The Election Commission has sufficient authority under the law for the conduct of free and fair elections and do not require any more powers, Quraishi said on the conclusion of assembly polls in the five states, including Uttar Pradesh, in which a number of ministers were hauled up for violation of the model code of conduct.\"We do not require any more powers. The model code of conduct is sufficient. But we need to fine-tune and update certain provisions of the Representation of People's Act to make penalties for violation of poll code more stringent,\" he added.\"The current fines for violations of poll code are ridiculous. For instance, there is a fine of only Rs 500 prescribed under the act for a violation which needs to be updated to bring it in line with the current realities.\"Disfavouring statutory backing for the model code of conduct, the CEC said it is a unique document which the political parties have themselves evolved for discipline during elections. \"It is working very effectively. It only needs some fine-tuning,\" Quraishi said.Amid a flurry of exit polls predicting the outcome of assembly elections ahead of results, the CEC said such surveys should at best be on entertainment channels.\"Opinion and exit polls should at best be on entertainment channels,\" Quraishi tweeted, while taking a dig at the surveys. The reaction of the CEC came as television channels were busy predicting government formations and possible political fallouts of the current assembly elections in the five states of UP, Punjab, Uttarakhand , Goa and Manipur since the exercise ended on Saturday.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12145811", "title": "Delhi court dismisses objectionable content case against Yahoo", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court today dismissed a case against Internet giant Yahoo for allegedly hosting objectionable content on its site and penalised the petitioner for dragging it in the litigation along with other social networking sites.Administrative Civil Judge Praveen Singh imposed a cost of Rs 5000 on plaintiff Mufti Aijas Arshad Quasmi for impleading the company as a party without disclosing any cause of action against it.The court had on December 20 last year, in a ex-parte order, issued summons to 22 social networking websites, including Yahoo, asking them to remove \"anti-religious\" or \"anti-social\" contents from their sites.Yahoo had also pleaded with the court to remove its name from the plaint, saying no cause of action was made out against it.Yahoo was earlier imposed a cost of Rs 2,000 for delay in appearing before the court.The court's order has come amid a raging controversy over monitoring Internet content, which arose after Union Telecommunications Minister Kapil Sibal had asked the social networking websites to \"screen\" the content.The websites, which are the parties to the suit initiated by Quasmi for hosting alleged objectionable content, include Facebook India, Google India Pvt Ltd, Google Orkut, Youtube , Blogspot, Zombie Time, Exboii, Boardreader, IMC India, My Lot, Shyni Blog and Topix.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12145168", "title": "Shweta Mohan bags award", "text": "Singer Shweta Mohan was awarded the Best Female Singer Jury Award at the International Tamil Film Awards 2012 at Singapore.Receiving this award, the singer said, \"I'm elated to be receiving the award for the Best Female Singer Jury Award at the International Tamil Film Awards 2012. Had an amazing evening, enjoyed performing for the enthralling audiences at Singapore. Thank you to all my well wishers for their love and support!\"The singer is much in demand in Kollywood of late, having delivered recent hits such as Amali Thamali (Ko) and Nee Korinal (Nootrenbadhu). A recent number she recorded for a Malayalam film has also been uploaded on Youtube , ala Kolaveri style, and has received a lot of positive appreciation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12140581", "title": "Brakes slammed on rising road accident deaths", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is good news from most states and Union Territories (UTs) as far as road deaths are concerned. Provisional data submitted by 19 states and seven UTs has shown about 1% reduction in deaths in 2011 in comparison to a steady trend of annual increase in fatalities in previous years.The states which have reported decline in road fatalities include Haryana, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh , West Bengal , Odisha and Mizoram. The data compiled by the road transport and highways ministry shows these states had recorded significant increase in road deaths between 2007 and 2010. In Karnataka, the number jumped from 8,777 to 9,590 during the period. In Bengal, it was 4,745 in 2007 and it touched 5,680 in 2010.Rough estimates show that there has been an overall 2% decrease in accidents and 3.5% in injuries in these 19 states and seven UTs. One of the key performing states, Haryana, claimed the reduction from 4,719 deaths in 2010 to 4,178 was possible after it started fixing accident prone areas. Highways minister C P Joshi had said these inputs were welcome signs for the country that recorded 1.34 lakh road accident deaths in 2010 - highest in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12140608", "title": "Tribal youths pour out woes", "text": "MYSORE: Twenty five-year-old Anthony, a second year degree student from Jharkand, arrived to the city to meet the elected representatives and educationists to discuss the problems of the tribal community.Anthony told TOI on Sunday that tribals don't get a chance frequently to share their grievances and tribes are getting distracted due to Naxal activities in his home state.\"I am in Mysore to request MPs and ministers to take effective steps to curb Naxal activities. There are schools in tribal areas but there is shortage of teachers. How can children get educated? The government has earmarked funds for tribes and has released it. But its not reaching the panchayats,\" he said.More than 500 tribals from different parts of the country are taking part in the interaction programme with elected representatives, educationists and tribal youth activists as part of IV tribal youth exchange programme organized the by ministry of youth affairs and sports and Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan at Manasa Gangothri.Another participant Manglu, 26, from Chattisgarh said most of the tribes don't know the schemes provided by both the state and Central governments. \"I am attending this kind of programme for the first time. The authorities concerned should educate us about benefits available for us,\" he said. Tribes from Heggadadevana Kote taluk, which is 45 km from Mysore, shared their grievances about lack of basic amenities in their respective areas. Saraswathi,37, a tribe from Brahmagiri tribal area stressed the lack of drinking water facilities and said some adolescent children of tribes do not go to schools and colleges, because cannot afford bus fair daily. They have started working as labourers, she said. \"The governments don't even give us shelter. Many times we think of going back to forests for our livelihood but today we can't even enter the forest to collect firewood,\" she said. A few youths at tribal areas in HD Kote taluk have completed diploma in education but no one is helping them to get a job, said Bagyamma , 40, a tribe from Basavanagiri area.\"Many people say that the government is providing many facilities like bank loans for us. Neither the officials nor the representatives of gram panchayat come forward to inform us about this,\" she rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12169370", "title": "Lensman held for molesting aspiring model", "text": "MUMBAI: The Oshiwara police on Tuesday arrested a fashion photographer for allegedly molesting a 22-year-old aspiring model at his residence-cum-studio. Dinesh Tiwari (35) was released on bail after being produced in a court.The victim, who was from Hyderabad, learnt about Tiwari from a website and approached him. He called her to his studio on Monday evening to \"prepare her portfolio\". While clicking photographs, he allegedly touched her inappropriately. She ran away from the studio and later lodged a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12142004", "title": "Culture not anybody's monopoly: Chandraprakash Dwivedi", "text": "BHOPAL: Indian culture belongs to every Indian and no political party or group monopolises it, says film-maker Chandraprakash Dwivedi, who played the role of 'Chanakya' in the famous television serial.Speaking at a lecture on 'cinema, television and culture' in the city on Sunday, he said, \"Globalisation has impacted creativity. We have failed to reflect our own heritage and culture in films and television.\" The NGO, Sampadan, organized the lecture.After winning critical acclaims for Pinjar (2003) based on Amrita Pritam's novel, scriptwriter Dwivedi's new film is based on Kashinath Singh novel 'Kashi Ka Asssee (80). \"Hopefully by monsoon my film would be released,\" he saidDwivedi, a qualified medical professional, who gave up his profession because of a deep interest in Indian literature, wished to introduce his audience to the mysteries of Upanishad or philosophical texts. \"I would sincerely like Hollywood filmmakers to contribute to this effort,\" Dwivedi said, adding Indian filmmakers have failed. \"Commercial aspect is important in Hollywood too, but Indian films are being written in coffee cafes and cater to the popular star system.\"With a not-so-successful 'Ek Aur Mahabharat' which was aired on a private channel, Dwivedi has once again turned to the Doordarshan with his new mini-series titled 'Upanishad Ganga' to be telecast from March 11. \"We have taken the texts and placed them in modern context so that viewers relate to our culture, heritage, philosophy and wisdom spanning more than 5,000 years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12141466", "title": "Teachers have right to take a day off, says Bengal's education minister", "text": "KOLKATA: Around a week after chief minister Mamata Banerjee threatened that government employees who would not report for duty during February 28 strike might have to face penal actions, including break in service, her education minister Bratya Basu said on Sunday that teachers have democratic right to not come to work if they want.The minister was addressing a programme organized by the Government College Teachers Association at Maulana Azad College when journalists asked him about his reaction to the fact that quite a few teachers did not report for duty on the bandh day. \"While every teacher has the right to come to work, he/she also reserves the right to not come to work. I am not sleuthing, you see,\"was his instant reaction.However, he was quick to add that each absence on the bandh day would be looked into and the reasons for such absence would be investigated. \"That is a departmental procedure, about which I do not wish to elucidate,\" the minister said.While a large number of private schools across the state had declared a holiday on the day of the strike, the government-run and government-aided schools and colleges were kept open and teachers were instructed to come to work. This led to widespread protest and fear among teachers who felt that this was an infringement upon their democratic rights to stay off work for a day if they chose to. A day before the February 28 strike, the chief minister had told a private TV channel that steps would be taken against those who would not report for duty on the strike day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12145277", "title": "'Agent Vinod' is an ambitious film: Sriram Raghavan", "text": "Sriram Raghavan, who is teaming up with Saif Ali Khan after \"Ek Haseena Thi\", says their upcoming spy thriller \" Agent Vinod \" is more ambitious than his previous work and will see the actor in an entirely new avatar.It was Raghavan who gave Saif his career's first negative role which not only earned rave reviews but also helped the actor bag two other important roles of his life - \"Being Cyrus\" and \"Omkara\".Raghavan spent two and half years making his latest thriller. The director feels the film is bigger and more ambitious than his previous outings.\"When a film of yours releases, you don't think that your next one would arrive after four years. On 'Agent Vinod' I spent two and a half years. Having said that, I never felt that there was a lot of time going into it. On the contrary, I enjoyed the process,\" Raghavan told PTI.\"'Agent Vinod' is an ambitious film. 'Ek Haseena Thi' as well as 'Johnny Gaddaar' were far more intimate films. This film was meant to be bigger and hence the sheer logistics and dynamics changed,\" he added.If Raghavan is to be believed, his film will not feature Saif and Kareena Kapoor in a quintessential romantic role.A spy thriller that travels continents, the film also promises to present Kareena in a different light altogether.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12145391", "title": "AR Murugadoss clarifies about Vijay\u2019s Thuppakki", "text": "Director AR Murugadoss has refuted reports that he is planning to rope in Jai to play Vijay's brother in Thuppakki.The director has said that there is no such role and hence the question of roping in Jai for the role does not arise at all. It may be mentioned here that some reports stated that Jai will be playing Vijay's brother in Thuppakki and it was the Ilayathalapthy who came up with the idea of roping in the star.Talking about the progress of the film, AR Murugadoss said that the shooting and song recording is proceeding at the brisk pace. Harris Jayaraj is composing the tunes and is in the process of recording the songs for the film.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12146423", "title": "Mahesh Babu is a serious threat to 'AB'", "text": "After kicking out Bollywood superstar Akshay Kumar from holding Thumbs Up bottle as the National brand ambassador, Mahesh Babu is on his way to replace Abhishek Bachchan for idea campaign.The buzz says that Idea owned by Aditya Birla group is giving it a serious thought of having Mahesh Babu as their whole and sole brand ambassador across India.Mahesh Babu has been doing well as the brand ambassador of Idea in AP. There is a notable growth for the brand in Andhra Pradesh and Mahesh's charm has something to do with. With Coca Cola choosing Mahesh as the national brand ambassador for Thumbs Up, there is every chance for Aditya Birla group to use his services to the maximum.Abhishek Bachchan's popularity has been going down with each flop film and the star certainly doesn't have much craze in the public. If the rumors are to be believed, Mahesh Babu, who stood 5th on the Times most desired men list, should get a promotion. Let's see if this turns true in the near future.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12141665", "title": "SEIAA to function from GSPCB premises", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state environment impact assessment authority (Goa, SEIAA) and its advisory wing, the Goa state expert appraisal committee (SEAC), will now function in the premises of the Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB).\"The GSPCB shall function as the secretariat for both bodies,\" a source confirmed. At present, both bodies were using the GSPCB premises at Patto, Panaji , and drawing secretarial assistance from the department of science, technology and environment in Saligao.The authority is the referral agency for approval of any projects which do not come under the purview of the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF).The project proponents of any mine which is less than 5 ha, or any building project that has a carpet area of more than 20,000 sq m but less than 1.5 lakh sq m and other projects have to submit the proposals with the environment impact assessment (EIA) reports to SEIAA, Goa. The authority refers the matter to the SEAC, which is an advisory committee comprising about seven members.The panel visits the site and carries out an assessment and places its recommendations before the authority for a final decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12141441", "title": "Jodhpur first in state to have most advance video-conferencing facility", "text": "JODHPUR: With the inauguration of the National Informatics Centre's (NIC) second studio here by chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Sunday, Jodhpur became the first district in the state to have the most advanced two-way video-conferencing facility.Terming it a major leap towards adoption of information technology in effective governance, Gehlot, during the inauguration, established contact with Kanpura gram panchayat of the Srinagar panchayat samiti in Ajmer and asked a BPL beneficiary and the district collector about implementation and benefits of different government schemes.The newly inaugurated centre can accommodate 50 people unlike the previous centre which can accommodate only 10 people. Developed at a cost of Rs 21.81 lakh, the latest studio comprises all the facilities like a swanky mini-conference hall and equipment, including projector, document camera and interactive panel.Gehlot was in Jodhpur on a whirlwind tour on Sunday and inaugurated a number of projects during the day. He inaugurated the B part of a project under Restructured Accelerated Power Development &amp; Reform Program worth Rs 266 crores, which comprises underground cabling of the electric cables from the 33/11 KV Grid Sub Station at Magra Punjla.Besides, Gehlot also inaugurated a cold storage based on advanced technology constructed at a cost of Rs. 4.30 crores on the premises of the Bhadwasia fruit &amp; vegetable mandi. This is the biggest cold storage among the five being constructed all across the state. Having a capacity of 6,000 MT, this cold storage has been constructed under the national development project of the Central government.Gehlot also laid foundation stones of two 2 hostels to be constructed for students from the other and special backward castes. In the last program of his visit of his hometown, Gehlot inaugurated a customer care centre of the Jodhpur discom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12139018", "title": "2002 fire simmers in New York", "text": "NEW YORK: Marking the 10th anniversary of the Gujarat riots, a coalition of over 40 Indian-American bodies held a demonstration and a candle-light vigil here, shouting slogans against Chief Minister Narendra Modi for his alleged complicity in the communal violence and demanding justice for the victims.Over 100 people from the Indian-American community came together under the banner of 'Coalition Against Genocide' (CAG) for the demonstration. Gathered near a statute of Mahatma Gandhi in Manhattan on Saturday, the coalition pressed its demand for compensation for the victims and to bring the perpetrators of the riots to justice. Women and children held placards and shouted slogans against Narendra Modi and his government. Vice President of the Indian American Muslim Council Eastern Region, Mohammad Yusuf Gaddani, said the coalition chose to hold the demonstration in front of Gandhi's statue as \"we have to decide whether we want Gandhi's India or Modi's India.\"The coalition claimed that even after 10 years of the Gujarat riots, justice had been denied to the victims and their families and the state government too had shown no remorse for the killings of innocent civilians. \"Those who have lost their lives cannot be brought back but we should bring closure to the victims and their families by putting those responsible for the killings behind bars,\" said Gaddani. Swati Shah, a member of the South Asia Solidarity Initiative, said it was the responsibility of the Indian and South Asian diaspora to maintain the correct information in public sphere about what had happened in Gujarat.\"We are concerned that Modi wants to raise his profile as a potential candidate for Prime Minister,\" she said.The 40 organizations had earlier come together in 2005 under the CAG banner and campaigned against Modi's visit to the US. The coalition had sought denial of a visa to Modi and revocation of his diplomatic visa.Gaddani said similar vigils would be held in California, Washington, Chicago, Boston and Florida by local chapters of the Indian American Muslim Council. He said the people needed to come together and ensure that what happened in Gujarat 10 years ago was not repeated in any part of India again. The demonstration was held just days after a Congressional resolution was introduced in the US House of Representatives on the occasion of the 10th anniversary of Gujarat communal riots. The resolution shared the opinion of the US Department of State that the Gujarat government had not adequately pursued justice for the victims of the 2002 violence and urged the state government to restore religious freedom. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12140718", "title": "Four arrested for kidnapping NRI", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police on Sunday nabbed four men on charges of abducting an NRI from Ludhiana and confiscating his property. Cops also recovered Rs 2 lakh and a pistol from them. The accused include the victim's nephew, who allegedly masterminded the crime.Assistant commissioner of police, Swapan Sharma said the accused will be produced in court on Monday.Sharma said in 2011, Arun Kumar Bawa, 70, a citizen of England had visited the city where he owned property in Vrindavan Road and also near Guru Nanak Dev Stadium. His nephew Deep Nagar-resident Pankaj Kumar Bawa, 38, had an eye on the property and hatched a plan with his friends Rupinder Singh, Sukhwinder Singh Sukha and Kuldeep Singh to kidnap Arun and grab his property.On April 4, 2011, the accused kidnapped Arun at gunpoint from the interstate bus stand in Ludhiana while he was headed to Uttar Pradesh for some work.Sharma said accused took Arun to Naina Devi Shrine and Haridwar and even withdrew Rs 10 lakh from his bank accounts. ''They also took the victim to sub registrar office in Transport Nagar and prepared a power of attorney in the name of Rupinder Singh's wife Mandeep Kaur, forcing Arun to sign it. Later a portion of that land was sold for Rs 1.5 crore which was divided among the accused,'' said Sharma and added that Arun did not report the matter till a recent trip this year when he approached officers at Division no. 4 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12141591", "title": "Employee dupes UAE firm of Rs 95 lakh", "text": "MARGAO: Indian and foreign currency worth nearly 95 lakh was stolen from a firm's office dealing in foreign exchange on Sunday by one of the firm's employees.The Margao police have registered an offence against Anil Chawan for committing the theft.Police sources said that an officer of UAE foreign exchange and finance services, located in Margao, A Raju, lodged a complaint with the police that the accused made off with gold worth 90 lakh, foreign currency worth 2.37 lakh and 56,407 in Indian currency and fled on a motorcycle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12147647", "title": "Priyanka Chopra is like chatpati chaat: Karan Johar", "text": "Karan Johar finds Punjabi kudi Priyanka Chopra hot and spicy...Karan Johar has few best friends in B'town and Priyanka Chopra is one of them. Recently, Karan Johar made an appearance on a lifestyle channel where he showcased his culinary skills. The director tried his hands at making some chocolate fudge.Later, Karan was asked which of his friends resembled which food. While Johar claimed that Shah Rukh Khan was like the popular Hyderbadi biryani - royal and king of all Biryanis, he likened Priyanka Chopra to 'chatpati chaat'. The filmmaker said, \"She is Chatpati Chaat. priyanka is a typical Punjabi kudi, so full of life and chirpiness.\"However, when asked about which food reminded him of Ram Gopal Varma , he wittily quipped, \"Well, I'll have to think of some dish that doesn't exist. Or why not this dark chocolate fudge?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12139629", "title": "Deathtrap: PWD wakes up late", "text": "NEW DELHI: Security guard Munna, who fell through a gap in the footpath on ITO bridge on Saturday night, is feared drowned, but on the bridge, it was business as usual for hours on Sunday. The wide gaps in the pedestrian pathway, potential death traps, remained uncovered and unmarked, endangering the workers and others crossing the bridge.It was only in the evening that the stretch was finally barricaded.The Public Works Department maintained that the stretches where repairs were on had been barricaded. But when TOI visited the bridge on Sunday afternoon - more than 12 hours after the 28-year-old Munna disappeared into the Yamuna - there was no barricading whatsoever.Entire slabs were missing at intervals and in some places, the concrete slabs were laid unevenly, leaving enough room for a person to fall through. The slabs were tied down with wires, but merely glancing down the gaps, one could see the river flowing underneath.Munna fell down one such gap, where a ladder had been placed for inspection work. PWD said the gaps in pathway were intentional, and would be closed once repairs were done. \"Repair work on the bridge, estimated at Rs 10 crore, will be over by March end. The gap was made intentionally and the ladder was placed to allow workers easy access to the pillars under the bridge,\" said a PWD official. \"The 40-year-old bridge needed repairs. Due to ongoing repair work on both carriageways, we have barricaded the pathway,\" he said.Cops, however, said the footpath has been this way for long. The railing was repaired in September last year after a woman fell off, but the pathway gaps were neglected, the cops said.Regular pedestrians echo the complaint. \"Since last three years in Delhi, I have heard so many similar tales of the civic agency's apathy claiming lives. Even if repair work is going on, the pathways should be closed or they can take up one carriageway at a time,\" said Shashi Kumar Jha (24), a student.While the search for Munna continued, there was little hope.Munna's brother-in-law Ghanshyam, 30, also a security guard manning the maintenance work, said he had informed the family. \"Since last night we are looking for him but till now there is no trace. I informed his family in Jaipur last night and his mother has come to Delhi,\" said Ghanshyam. \"Munna was inebriated when he fell. Since Saturday night, the rescue operation is on, but till now we haven't recovered his body. The inquest proceedings of the case are on,\" said Devesh Srivastava, additional CP of central district, Delhi Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12139592", "title": "Siddhivinayak temple gold auction fetches Rs 36L", "text": "MUMBAI: The Siddhivinayak temple in Prabhadevi, which sees over 24,000 visitors daily, held a public auction of gold ornaments offered by worshippers on Sunday.Gold ornaments weighing 1,092gm and worth Rs 36 lakh were auctioned in a five-hour period, according to Mangesh Shinde of the Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust.Deeming the auction a success, trust officials said the highest bidder was a devotee, Bhavnani, who bid Rs 3 lakh for a 103gm necklace. He bought gold ornaments worth over Rs 10 lakh in the auction, all of which he re-offered at the temple. He said he wanted the money that would be raised from the bids to be used for social welfare activities.Mumbai's famous landmark the Siddhivinayak temple in Prabhadevi which sees over 24,000 visitors daily held a public auction on Sunday of gold offered by worshippers to the Lord Ganesh. Gold ornaments totaling 1,092 gm and worth Rs 36 lakh were auctioned in a five hour period, according to Mangesh Shinde of the Shree Siddhivinayak Ganapati Temple Trust.Saying the auction had gone off successfully, trust officials said the highest bidder was a Lord Ganesh devotee who identified himself as Bhavnani who bid Rs 3 lakh for a 103 gm gold necklace. Interestingly, he bought gold over 10 lakh in the auction, all of which he re-offered at the temple. He wanted the money that would be subsequently raised from its bid to be used for social welfare activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12141165", "title": "Home ministry affidavit in Supreme Court backs legalization of gay sex", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union home ministry has filed a formal affidavit in the Supreme Court, coming in support of decriminalization of gay sex among consenting adults saying the decision was taken as early as July 2009 by a GoM comprising Union ministers of home, law and family welfare.The affidavit comes in the backdrop of the rebuke of the Centre by the apex court on February 28 and earlier hearing for taking contrary stance on the issue.On February 28, a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhaya told additional solicitor general Mohan Jain not to make \"mockery\" of the system by adopting contradicting stance on the issue after the counsel submitted that there is \"no legal error\" in the Delhi HC verdict which had decriminalized gay sex in 2009. The stand taken by Jain, appearing for the Union health ministry, was contrary to the argument by additional solicitor general PP Malhotra, who had opposed decriminalization of gay sex on behalf of the home Ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12139797", "title": "Holi festival is now closed-door, sober affair", "text": "It could be the melting of Himalayan snows or falling of leaves and fresh blooms that begin to appear on the trees. There is something about this season, known in Hindu calendar as Phagun, which loosens inhibitions and makes people dare to do the untested. The tales of Radha Krishna playing Holi only add to the spirit of an already raucous festival.In time, it also got degraded. Pelting of water filled balloons, smearing faces with grease, varnish and paints that would take weeks to come off and dunking people in filth were some of the pranks associated with Holi. This led many to shun celebrations altogether. Now, though, a a better face of Holi os emerging. Tired of the hooliganism that had become its leitmotif, now people prefer to celebrate it within private gatherings, with a host of friends and relatives.'Bura na mano Holi hai'was one pretext used by men for getting over familiar with women, feels Ruma Tapadia, President of Diva, young wing of Rajasthani Mahila Mandal, which celebrated Holi at a city restaurant with a DJ et al, a few days ahead of the festival. \"When we hold such a gathering by controlling the guest list, we avoid such tasteless scenarios. Those invited are aware of the sensibilities of the crowd and behave accordingly,\" she said.As social drinking gained ground, Holi turned into an all day boozing affair too. The heady mix of drinks and colours would often turn dangerous. Months later, people would be nursing grudges or broken relationships. Businessman Ashok Daga, who is known for his love for music, says this behaviour had put him off Holi celebrations. \"Holi is about gaana bajaana, badhiya khana. With booze coming in it gets very boisterous. It is much better to stick to your own group of friends as it helps celebrate in your own style. Now I celebrate this way.\"What has also been keeping people indoors is the spraying of colours on cars. These chemical colours spoil the upholstery and take months to fade away. With big apartment schemes coming up, people living their can afford not to venture out. Balesh Mathur, president of Shewalkar Garden, a society of more then 100 flats, says, \"We have been organising Holi get together since the time our society was formed. Celebrating in controlled conditions keeps festivities decent as we all know each other.\"Even the younger lot has been sobering up. Preetam Chakraborty, a third year student of Priyadarshini College of Engineering, says he is scared to speed up on the road on his bike on this day as he has heard of many Holi revelries ending up in disasters. \"In the first year it was 120 of us in the college swimming pool having a good time. Now we plan ahead and organise a smaller get-together with 15 to 20 of us. We order food and collect at a lawn or some friend's place to have fun,\" he adds.Many women are relieved they need not cook. Deeplai Saxena, a homemaker who stays in an officer's colony, says now they just order food from outside. \"With maids taking an off, it would get tedious to serve guest in wet clothes and colour smeared all over. Even the house would get dirty. Now we just lock up and collect outside to enjoy.This has created a big demand for outsourced food. Caterer Narendra Jog finds Holi the second highest business occasion after the December 31. A shortage of labour on this day has forced him to be more innovative. \"We do not provide full service but do a booming parcel business. The demand is high for chicken and mutton dishes and also thandai, staple drink of this festival,\" he informs.Jog prepares in advance as orders for snack items like batata wada, cutlets and samosa are as high as 300 to 500 per order on this day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12143110", "title": "Infosys plans to create 14,000 jobs for engineers", "text": "NAGPUR: IT major Infosys will set up a software development centre in the city, its second in Maharashtra after Pune, with an initial investment of Rs 100 crore.The Bangalore-based software services provider today signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) in this regard with Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC) in presence of Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan.The MoU was signed by MADC Vice-Chairman and Managing Director U P S Madan and Shibulal, Managing Director of Infosys.India's second-largest software firm will be allocated 142 acres of land for the centre at Mihan, a air cargo project being developed by MADC.According to the MoU, the IT firm will start operations within three years at the centre which will come up at an investment of Rs 100 crore and provide jobs to about 2,000 software engineers over five years.Infosys intends to invest a total of Rs 415 crore and create jobs for 14000 IT engineers when the centre, the firm's 12th in the country, is fully developed in about 10 years.Infosys has 64 offices and 68 development centres in India and abroad and 1,45,088 employees as on December 31, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12140983", "title": "Raided excise men arrested for 'helping' Nunna", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) personnel arrested four excise officials, including a deputy commissioner and two superintendants, who allegedly helped syndicate member Nunna Venkata Ramana in securing 16 liquor licences through illegal means.Warangal excise deputy commissioner A V Narasimha Rao and superintendent K Madhusudhan Rao, assistant superintendent M Shankaraiah, inspector D S Nath, all from Khammam, have been apprehended by ACB sleuths.According to ACB director-general (DG) Bhoobathi Babu, the four had processed the files and played an active role in handing over control of 16 liquor shops to the syndicate led by Nunna Venkata Ramana. ACB sleuths alleged that Venkata Ramana, who is in judicial custody, owns 29 liquor shops on benami names in Khammam district and also has influence over transactions in 80 liquor vends in Khammam and Warangal districts.During investigation, ACB sleuths found that Venkata Ramana and others had colluded with excise officials right from the initial stage of auction of liquor shops in 2010. \"Licences\" for 16 shops in Khammam district were obtained after the auction by adopting illegal means. Giving an example of how the fraud was perpetuated, the ACB, in a press release, said that several bids were filed for shop no. 8 (GSI No 8) in the Khammam municipality. Chekuri Srinivasa Rao, was learnt to have quoted the second highest amount of Rs 1.89 crore.Srinivasa Rao paid one-sixth of the bid amount (Rs 25,60,750) on June 21, 2010 and obtained provisional licence for running the shop no. 8 (GSI No.8). Subsequently, ACB learned that one Peddini Anjaiah tried to evict Rao from the shop with the help of excise officials claiming that he was the original licence holder.As per rule 2 of the AP Excise Rules, 2005, there is no provision for more than one bidder to bid for a liquor shop licence. Yet, the name of Peddini Anjaiah was incorporated subsequently in the fabricated tender application. In the tender register, only the name of Chekuri Srinivasa Rao was found along with his signature and he was issued entry pass (S No 8/2).The name of Peddini Anjaiah did not figure and was incorporated in the register subsequently. The non-judicial stamp papers used for executing forms A-1, A-2 and A-3 were found to be fake and the documents fabricated.Similar fraud took place in 15 other shops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12146774", "title": "Chiranjeevi all set to make it to Rajya Sabha", "text": "'Megastar' Chiranjeevi is likely get elevated soon -- from a member of Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly to the Rajya Sabha.His candidature is almost certain for one of the four seats that the ruling Congress can win in the biennial elections to the Upper House of Parliament from the state, slated for March 30.The Congress, as part of his Praja Rajyam Party's merger deal last year, promised to induct Chiranjeevi into the Union Cabinet by nominating him to Rajya Sabha.In all, six seats will fall vacant in April with the retirement of four Congress members and one each of CPI and TDP.Going by the current strength in the Assembly, the Congress can win four and the TDP two seats.There is intense competition in the Congress for the other three seats with some heavyweights lobbying hard for a chance.Former Union Minister of State Dasari Narayana Rao , who is among the four retiring members, is seeking re-election though he hasn't openly expressed it so far.Another former Union Minister Renuka Chowdary, currently an official spokesperson of Congress, is using her clout in New Delhi to make it to Rajya Sabha while Chief Minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy is said to be pushing the case of industrialist G V Krishna Reddy, head of GVK group.Telangana protagonist K Keshava Rao, who too will retire in April, is desperately trying for a second term. He has been aintaining a tacit silence, of late, on the statehood issue to remain in the good books of the party high command. But, even the known Telangana supporters in the party as well as the Chief Minister are said to be opposing Keshava Rao's re-nomination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12140762", "title": "3 gold chains snatched", "text": "PUNE: Three incidents of chain snatching took place in the jurisdiction of the Sahakarnagar police station on Saturday evening. The suspects looted gold chains worth Rs 2 lakh.The first incident took place at Dhankawdi on Vanrai colony Road around 4.30 pm. Ujjwala Gadade (28) of Vanrai colony was walking towards her home, when two motorcycle-borne suspects snatched her gold chain worth Rs 80,000 and fled.Within 15 minutes of the above incident, 64-year-old Sarala Shah of Dhankawdi fell prey to the same suspects. The duo snatched Shah's gold chain worth Rs 60,000 and fled.The third incident took place a Bibvewadi around 9 pm. Sneha Joshi (49) of Mahesh society, Bibvewadi, was on her way home, when suspects on a motorcycle snatched her gold chain worth Rs 66,000 and fled.Following the incident, the police conducted nakabandi in the area. They also checked motorcycle riders. The Sahakarnagar police are investigating all the three cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12142133", "title": "Two teenagers raped in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: After a string of rape cases in the state, two more incidents of sexual assault on teenagers have been reported from the state capital in the last 24 hours.In the first incident, a 19-year-old girl, who was on her way to attend tuition classes in Saket Nagar, was abducted on January 31 and taken to a nearby Raparia village by five persons. They forcibly performed marriage rituals before allegedly raping her.The Class XI girl, resident of Bag Mugalia, was allegedly abducted by the accused as she was going to her tution classes in Saket Nagar.She was forced into a four wheeler and taken to the village. The accused has been identified as Rakesh and his four friends.The accused kept her confined for about a week in the village and subsequently outraged her modesty, the police said.Initially, the Bagh Sawenia police was reluctant to registering a case. However, after the intervention of senior officials, a case against Rakesh was registered on rape charges on March 2.While four other persons identified as Shravan, Vinod, Jagdish and Nannulal have been booked for helping Rakesh in abducting the girl and forcing her to perform marriage rituals.In another incident, a 17-year-old girl residing in Kushipura in Bilkheria area was raped at midnight on March 2. Police said when the victim came out of her house, her neighbour Jagdish dragged her to his roof and outraged her modesty.The accused in both the cases are absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12140309", "title": "No support to SP, we will act in tandem with Congress: Ajit Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rashtriya Lok Dal on Sunday denied that it has decided to support Samajwadi Party in Uttar Pradesh.Denying a report in TOI, RLD chief Ajit Singh said there was no such decision to back SP and the report was misleading. He said, \"We are in alliance with Congress and our actions in UP will be done in consultation with Congress.\"The comment came amid intense speculation about the course that RLD would adopt in the event of SP inching closer to majority but requiring support of smaller outfits to form the government. A report had quoted RLD sources as saying that an in-principle decision to back SP had been taken.The moves by Congress-RLD alliance in UP will depend on the final numbers that come out on Tuesday. Exit polls have shown SP as leading the pack by a distance and even being close to the magic number.A big deficit in SP numbers would require it seek cooperation from Congress and RLD, which would be its only options since the other players are BJP and arch rival BSP.However, it is felt that Congress-RLD would have to move in tandem. Ajit Singh has just joined the Union Cabinet as civil aviation minister after tying up with Congress, and thus cannot act independently of the senior ally.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12146088", "title": "'Indian metal fans are craziest'", "text": "Belgian black metal band Thurisaz talks about the three memorable days that they spent in the cityA trip to India proved to be a revelation in more ways that one for members of the Belgian Black Metal band Thurisaz. As they complete 15 years of existence this year, this band of five have released their third studio album The Cimmerian Years.And now, after having embarked on a tour of India, vocalist and founding member Peter Theuwen shares their experience with the city, its cuisine and its horde of metalheads. \"We stayed for three days in Chennai, but unfortunately we had to fly back too early. We met a lot of nice people, had a jam session in a music store, got some air-play on a local radio station, and went to the beach... good times... One of the most memorable was getting blessed by an elephant! In our country we only see elephants at the zoo. Another good memory was our 'Indian taste session' in Chennai. We tried all kinds of traditional food and drinks,\" Peter lists excitedly as he goes on to speak about their first-ever gig in the country at a popular college festival in Hyderabad.He says, \"It was fantastic! We felt an incredible vibe coming from the audience and everything on stage went smooth. We had some difficulties during our soundcheck but in the end, it all worked out.\"Thurisaz began as a quartet in May 1997, with Peter on guitar and grunts, Mattias Theuwen on guitar and screams, and Pepijn de Raeymaecker on drums. In 1999, Kobe Canniere joined on synths.On Cimmerian Years, an album that can be described as nothing less than rivetting - and their latest with a new member Hannes Leroy on bass - the vocalist/guitarist explains that the material came together after a long bout of writer's block. \"Those were the darkest times in our musical career till now. But we believed in Thurisaz and the album was the result of years of hard work and persistence. To promote our previous album, Circadian Rhythm, we toured with bands like Saturnus. And in their music we found some inspiration for one of our songs A Glance Of Misperception.\"Peter calls the Indian metal fans the craziest he's ever met and for good reason too. After playing a brutal gig, Thurisaz was also exposed to a lot of material from Indian metal bands. \"Before our gig, we were the judges for the 'Till deaf do we part' battle of bands. We saw a few bands play before our show and we were very much surprised by the high quality of the bands. We had quite some difficulties choosing a winner for the competition. Someone told me that metal is still young in India, but it sure has a lot of potential!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12140092", "title": "Sisamau seat result to come first", "text": "KANPUR: When the counting of votes will begin on Tuesday, the voters of Sisamau assembly constituency who will come to know the result first.The counting of votes would be done under tight security at the polytechnic. The Election Commission would be keeping an eye over the counting process through CCTV cameras. The winning candidates would not be allowed to take out the victory processions.On Sunday, district magistrate Hari Om and DIG Rajesh Rai inspected the polytechnic. Om instructed his subordinates to ensure that the agents of the political candidates carry identity Cards.No one would be allowed to carry mobile phones inside the counting room.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12139185", "title": "Gujarati co-pilot of country\u2019s aviation history", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An unknown Gujarati's family has written to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), staking claim for Mansukhlal Parekh of Jamnagar to be considered the real pioneer of aviation in India. While JRD Tata got India's first commercial flying licence, it was Parekh who is believed to have built his own plane - the first such successful attempt in India - way back in 1930.\"I have given DGCA documents to show that my father made the first aircraft in Jamnagar,\" says Mumbai-based Harshida Desai, Parekh's daughter.\"Tata appeared for the B licence for commercial flying in January 1934 along with my father in Karachi, a fact reported in the 'The Sind Observer', published from Karachi dated January 10, 1934.\"Tata was 23 then, while Parekh was only 19. The B licence allowed them to fly across India. Desai is planning to set up a museum dedicated to her father in Jamnagar.Born in a family of jewellers in Jamnagar in 1911, Parekh's love affair with flying machines began early. Not interested in formal education, he dropped out of school after fourth standard and yet taught himself English to read the American monthly 'Popular Science'.\"So enchanted he was by the story of the Wright brothers that he decided to replicate their success in India. He imported the aircraft's engine and propeller from the US and used spare parts of car and cycle to assemble a two-seater aircraft in 1930. As he didn't know flying then, he requested a British pilot to test fly his plane. The aircraft made a first sortie. It flew to 200 feet at the speed of 200 miles per hour,\" Desai said.Impressed with him, the then ruler of Jamnagar had sent him for flight training to Karachi which was the aviation hub of unified India then. \"My dad and JRD together passed the B licence test at Karachi Aero Club,\" Desai added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12140068", "title": "Scrapping of BEST fast-track buses upsets commuters", "text": "MUMBAI: Several commuters are upset over BEST scrapping some fast-track corridor routes. The administration recently planned to scrap two routes- C-55 (Bandra government colony to Kharghar) and C-62 (Gorai depot to Mulund bus station).The BEST administration said that \"these were loss-making routes and passenger response was poor\".Activist A V Shenoy, member of the Mumbai Vikas Samiti, said, \"I wonder whether BEST studies the underlying reasons for why these routes are making losses, especially the corridor routes which were launched with much fanfare. These routes were introduced to wean away railway commuters. The buses were also suitable for senior citizens and handicapped persons.\"He added, \"I don't know whether BEST conducts a study of passenger needs when new routes are introduced or are they launched on the whims and fancies of corporators.\"He plans to take up the issue with BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta. He said it was necessary that the BEST declare the closure of routes at least a week in advance.Recently, BEST discontinued two arterial express bus routes, C-1 and C-2 connecting the island city to the suburbs. Gupta was unavailable for comment.MUMBAI: Several passengers are upset over the BEST scrapping some of the fast-track corridor routes. The administration on Thursday planned to scrap two more routes__ C-55 (Bandra government colony to Kharghar) and C-62 (Gorai depot to Mulund bus station).The reason cited by BEST administration was that \"these were loss-making routes and the passenger response was poor\".Senior activist A V Shenoy, member of Mumbai Vikas Samiti, said, \"I wonder whether BEST studies the underlying reasons why these routes are making losses, specially the corridor routes which were launched with lot of fanfare. These routes were introduced to wean away railway passengers and the buses were suitable for senior citizens and handicapped persons. They had to travel in crowded compartments and climb staircases of FOBs at stations.\"He further alleged, \" I dont know whether the transport body conducts a proper study of passenger needs when the new routes are introduced or are they launched at the whims and fancies of corporators.'' He now plans to take up the issue on behalf of several commuters with the BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta. He added that it was necessary for BEST to declare closure of routes at least a week in advance.A few months back, the BEST had discontinued two arterial Express bus routes -- C1 &amp; C2 --connecting the island city to the eastern and western suburbs. The buses on these routes ran from Backbay depot in Cuffe Parade to the domestic airport (C1) and from Colaba bus station to Shivaji Nagar depot in the eastern suburbs (C2). The closure of the two routes had led to resentment among passengers and social activists. Gupta was unavailable for comment.A senior BEST official said that the administration introduced the new routes based on passenger demand. \"If any route is loss-making, it is advisable to discontinue it and extend those that may fetch more revenue,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "the times of india launches its fourth volume of higher education", "code": "12141812", "title": "Times of India launches Guide to Higher Education 2012", "text": "The Times of India launches its fourth volume of Higher Education: A Guide to Opportunities in India and Abroad. The guide this year focuses on the uncertain times - unstable economy, world politics, leadership challenges, terror attacks and natural disasters - we are living in today.Considering the fast-changing world, even the way in which we impart education and assimilate knowledge, has undergone a major transformation. Given these changes, do we need to re-invent higher education globally?Times Higher 2012 not only addresses this fundamental question, but also focuses on the changing role of universities, new needs of learners and sustainable change. Like every year, the book maps a future course along with global thinkers, academicians, industry leaders, students and scholars who throw light on future areas of study, employability skills, emerging trends and more. Priced at Rs 250, the book is available at all leading bookstores in India.To order a copy, call 08010058888/08010558888 or log on to www.books.indiatimes.com To download e-version of the book, visit www.myeducationtimes.com/timeshigher", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12139921", "title": "Railways to ply special trains to ease Holi rush", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Anticipating heavy rush of passengers during Holi, railway administration has decided to ply of special trains. These trains include Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (LTT)-Varanasi special and Lokmanya Tilak Terminus-Gorakhpur special.Train number 1055/1056 would be piled between LTT and Varanasi. This train would leave LTT at about 1:20 pm on March 6 and arrive at Thane at 1:40 pm, Kalyan at 2:00 pm, Igatpuri at 3:55 pm, Nasik Road at 4:50 pm, Bhusawal at 8:25 pm, Khandwa at 10:55 pm, Itarsi at 1:20 am, Jabalpur at 4;40 am, Katni junction at 6:00 am, Maihar at 6:55 am, Satna at 7:40 am, Manikpur at 9:45 am, Chheoki at 11:20 am, Mirzapur at 12:50 pm and finally terminate at Varanasi at 3:30 pm. During the return journey , the train will leave Varanasi on March 7 at about 6:45 pm and arrive at Mirzapur at 8:02 pm, Chheoki at 10:15 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "lambi", "code": "12142075", "title": "Badals' fate sealed in school, college buildings", "text": "LAMBI: Next 24 hours, scolionophobia or fear of schools and colleges is going to be an unlikely thorn for the Badal clan in Punjab.An empty college building in pink sandstone and a functional government school are keeping the political fate of feuding Badal brothers -- chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and his estranged younger brother Gurdas Badal, and the family rebel Manpreet Badal, who pitted his People's Party of Punjab against Shiromani Akali Dal -- sealed.Standing on a rocky terrain in the shadow of a popular grain market called Dana Mandi in Muktsar's Malout area, MIMIT college building will announce the results from the strong rooms of Lambi, Muktsar and Malout.\"Hun skoola ta collega ch saade sihastkara da bhavikh kaid hai (We are illiterate but the future of these politicians is held captive in these educational institutions),\" said 41-year-old sugarcane farmer Daljeet Singh.Around 60km away, a red stone senior secondary government school in Gidderbaha has the EVMs locked inside the hall from Manpreet's constituency.Both the buildings wear a heavily guarded look with boisterous activity from men-in-uniform, making an unusual sight on the Bathinda-Gidderbaha-Abohar highway which usually has farmers quietly passing with their harvest.On Sunday, the district administration along with a team of election observers and returning officers looked in full command during the training and demo exercises.The Times of India team was given a guided demo tour on the inside of the two buildings.\"We have divided the college building into three halls which will have EVMs placed on tables. There are 10 tables for Lambi, 12 for Muktsar and 14 for Malout. The school in Gidderbaha will have 14 tables,\" Muktsar deputy commissioner Arshdeep Singh Thind told The Times of India.There were 300 black commandoes surrounding the building and 30 BSF troops outside the halls.Elections 2012 NewsPunjab Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12140333", "title": "Elephanta festival \u2018moves\u2019 to Gateway of India", "text": "MUMBAI: Altering a tradition of 23 years, the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) has decided to \"shift the venue\" of the Elephanta Festival of music and dance to the Gateway of India from this year. By its own admission, the 4th century rock-cut caves formed the \"perfect backdrop\" for its artistic soirees, but now, two decades later, the logistics of the exercise seem an onerous responsibility.This year's edition of the Elephanta Festival will be held at the Gateway from March 23-25. MTDC managing director Jagdish Patil cited several reasons. \"We wish that more people enjoy the festival in a convenient manner,\" he said. \"The venue at Elephanta can only seat 700-800 whereas we can host about 2,000 to 2,500 people at the Gateway. Moreover, we must arrange launches to ferry guests to the island and back, and often, there aren't enough boats.\"Joint managing director Dilip Shinde added, \"The concerts end at 10pm. The audience disembarks at the Gateway at 11.30pm and reaches Churchgate or CST around midnight. Some miss the last train. But from Gateway, you can reach the station within minutes of the 10pm closure.\"The announcement has shocked residents of Elephanta and heritage activists. \"How can you then call it the Elephanta Festival? It is a misnomer. The caves date back to the 4th Century while the Gateway is a 20th century archway built to welcome the British monarch,\" says Anita Garware, who organized the Banganga Festival. When the Supreme Court order over sound deadlines closed down the Banganga fest, it moved to Horniman Circle but was renamed Mumbai Sanskruti.Former sarpanch of Elephanta Island, Rajendra Padte, has watched the festival alter the landscape since its inception in 1989. \"I fail to grasp the logic behind the shift. The Elephanta Festival was like the Derby of the music scene. When did anyone complain about the logistics? It was the romance of taking a ferry to the island by the light of the setting sun, the beauty of watching Zakir Hussain or Hema Malini perform at the heritage site, then walking back to the jetty by starlight that enthralled music lovers,\" Padte said.MTDC has promised to organize two day-time trips to Elephanta during the fest so the islanders' \"business remains unaffected\" but the residents see this as a mere placebo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12146404", "title": "I am a very bad cook: Kunal Kapoor", "text": "Actor Kunal Kapoor has one strong reason to be happy. His upcoming B-Town endeavor is about food, which incidentally happens to be his fave subject.Kunal's next 'Luv, Shuv Tey Chicken Khuarana' deals with the topic of food, which is very close to the actor. Mention Gujarati film and his eyes lit up.Says Kunal, who was in Ahmedabad recently, \"I am a foodie. I love Gujarati food. My sister is married into a Gujarati household. So, I keep hopping into her house every weekend to eat Gujarati food. For me to eat the authentic Gujarati food at Vishala is always fun. I have been to Vishala before. I want to go to Rajwadu when I am in the city next time.\"Quiz him whether he likes to cook as well and pat comes the answer. \"I am really a very bad cook. I can boil eggs really well! That's the only thing I can cook. That's the only thing I can do for myself,\" says Kunal (laughs) and adds, \"I can sample food all the time. My fave cuisine is Thai and I love to eat lots of Italian food too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12140390", "title": "Police to oppose anticipatory bail plea of film-maker Sanjay Gupta", "text": "MUMBAI: The Versova police questioned film-maker Sanjay Gupta for one-and-a-half hours on Sunday in a forgery and cheating case registered against him. Police officers said they were not satisfied with Gupta's explanation and will oppose his anticipatory bail application, which will be heard by the sessions court on Monday.Gupta had allegedly used forged letterhead of the Mumbai police commissioner on invitations to a promotional event for his forthcoming film. The invite gave the impression that it had been issued by the top cop. The film-maker has been booked under several non-bailable sections.The police had issued summons to Gupta, asking him to present himself to explain his case or face arrest on Friday. Following this, Gupta approached the court for anticipatory bail. On Saturday, the court granted interim bail to Gupta.Gupta went to Versova police station to record his statement on Sunday along with his advocate. He denied sending the invitation cards and said he was only involved in the film's production. The film-maker told the investigators that he does not handle promotional aspects of the film.Senior inspector of Versova police station, Nandkumar Mhetar, said, \"He did not cooperate and was misleading us. We want his custodial interrogation and will strongly oppose his anticipatory bail application.\" The police had also summoned the management of a web portal which had put up the invite on its website. The police officer said that they have not yet called Balaji Motion Pictures for the questioning and will decide about it after Gupta's detailed interrogation.Gupta is not new to controversies. He was in the news for allegedly talking to Pakistan-based gangster Chhota Shakeel over the phone in 2000 while he was in Nashik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12140824", "title": "2 killed as lorry hits car", "text": "HUBLI: Two persons died on the spot when a lorry hit the car in which they were travelling, on Gadag Hubli main road in Shiraguppi near Hubli on Sunday evening.Hubli rural police station ASI A D Vaidya said that the victims are Sanath Kumar Das, 40 and his mother Kusuma Das, 65.Sanath Kumar's wife Jayalakshmi is seriously injured and has been admitted to Vivekananda Hospital in Hubli.The couple's one-and-a-half-year-old child has escaped unhurt.The victims are residents of Mangalore, and they had gone to attend a wedding in Gadag. They were returning to Mangalore in their car when the accident took place.The lorry that hit the car was headed to Gadag. Police have taken the driver of the lorry into custody and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12140966", "title": "Lawyer' attack case: Government responded too late, says Moily", "text": "MANGALORE: Union minister for corporate affairs M Veerappa Moily on Sunday slammed the state government for acting \"too late\" with regard to the recent attack by lawyers on mediapersons in Bangalore on Friday.\"The government knew that something was brewing from a couple of months (between the media and lawyers). It should have stepped in to mediate or do something regarding the alleged or imagined misunderstanding. Their (state Government) duty was to step in and resolve the matter and not allow it to precipitate to such an extent that people settle scores on their own,'' he told TOI.He asserted that it was clear case of intelligence failure. \"From what I have observed and come to know there is a design. The intelligence has totally failed. They could have taken preventive action (understanding that there would be a huge crowd at the court premises to cover the Janardhan Reddy case),'' he said.Regarding the government's action, Moily said not only prior to the incident the government failed to act, but even afterwards, its reaction had been insensitive. \"Only after a hue and cry the government reacted,'' he said demanding that whoever is the culprit should be arrested and brought to book immediately.When asked if a judicial probe serve any purpose he said, \"(In a judicial probe) what will happen? It will take years and ultimately we don't know what will happen (to the report). The immediate priority is to step in and see that law and order is maintained,'' Moily, the former union law minister, observed.Was the government trying to buy time announcing a judicial probe? \"I don't want to comment on that. What I want to say that the action was very much delayed and response was lukewarm,'' he said.To a question if the Centre will demand a report from the governor H R Bharadwaj on the issue he said, \"That I don't know. It is for the governor to tackle it. Already the Press Council of India chairman Justice Markandey Katju has stepped in,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12140387", "title": "Terror funds pouring into real estate?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government agencies fear that terror funds are flowing into the real estate sector, apart from a substantial part of the black money generated within the country finding its way into the housing industry.An assessment prepared by revenue intelligence agencies and reviewed by the finance minister recently reveals that the highest component of undisclosed money detected by the income tax department was from the real estate sector.Officials suspect that a part of this could be funding terror other than black money that industrialists and businessmen invest in this sector. Search and seizure operations by the income tax department for nine months, between April and December 2011, resulted in seizure of nearly Rs 400 crore in cash and other assets.This was in addition to disclosure of more than Rs 3,200 crore made by the accused in these cases.Other sectors that have been found generating black money include the manufacturing and mining sectors, educational institutions, hospitals and pharmaceutical industries.The common modus operandi adopted by tax evaders include cash transactions, manipulation of records and inflating expenditure through bogus bills.Sources don't rule out money going out of the country through hawala transactions and have suggested increased surveillance on money transfer agencies operating in the country.It has been suggested that to curb unaccounted money flowing through these channels, the government can enforce more stringent 'know your customer' guidelines by making it mandatory for money transfer agencies to take a photograph of the beneficiaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "frankfurt", "code": "12172467", "title": "How SAP is trying to retain its top deck", "text": "FRANKFURT: SAP AG, whose shares are trading at the highest level in 11 years, will extend a stock-based compensation program to all workers as it gets closer to overtaking Siemens AG (SIE) as the most valuable German company.The biggest maker of enterprise-management software will offer employees so-called phantom stock, which mirrors the share price and doesn't represent actual equity, to encourage long- term employment and help SAP retain talent, co-Chief Executive Officer Jim Hagemann Snabe said in an interview at the CeBit technology fair in Hanover.SAP AG Co-Chief Executive Officer Jim Hagemann Snabe said in an interview at the CeBit technology fair in Hanover that the company will offer employees so-called phantom stock to encourage long-term employment and help SAP retain talent.SAP has gained 24 per cent this year in Frankfurt trading as technology companies benefit from demand for applications that allow consumers and companies to access data via smartphones and tablet computers. SAP, which has more than 54,000 employees and is based in Walldorf, has a market value of 62.3 billion euros ($82 billion), ahead of automaker Volkswagen AG and behind the 66.3 billion euros of engineering company Siemens (SIE) in Germany's benchmark DAX index.\"I do believe it makes a lot of sense to have incentive programs for the employees as well, that make them interested in the share price of the company and give them an opportunity to participate in our success,\" Snabe said. \"This is an industry with a war for talent, and talent is the biggest differentiator for everyone in our industry.\"The stock reached 51.82 euros in intraday trading in Frankfurt yesterday, the highest level since Oct. 2000. It closed 1.3 percent lower at 50.75 euros.Technology demandOther technology companies have also benefitted from rising demand for their products. International Business Machines Corp ( IBM ) on March 5 closed above $200 for the first time. Apple Inc, the maker of the iPhone smartphone and the iPad tablet computer, last month topped a $500 billion market capitalization. SAP's archrival Oracle Corp has risen 17 per cent this year.SAP needs to retain top-performing employees as it plans to boost annual revenue with the help of cloud-computing software, mobile applications gained through its Sybase acquisition and the Hana technology, which enables processing of large amounts of data on the go.For 2010, Snabe received 3.86 million euros, including 950,000 euros in share-based compensation. Co-CEO Bill McDermott was paid 4.42 million euros, including the same amount in stock- based compensation as Snabe. The company hasn't published their 2011 figures. Snabe and McDermott took over in February 2010.Cloud computingSAP in 2006 created an incentive plan for executives, senior management and high-performance employees, setting aside 300 million euros in cash if certain goals are met, including doubling its market value by 2010 from an assumed base of 44.8 billion euros. That target wasn't reached, according to Bloomberg data.SAP and Oracle are counting on cloud computing , which lets companies run programs via the Web, as a secure way to outsource data centers and reduce the need for pricey servers and other hardware.SAP's cloud business will \"certainly\" break even before reaching a 2015 sales target of 2 billion euros for that category, Snabe said. The company boosted its offering with the $3.4 billion acquisition of SuccessFactors Inc, which closed last month.Snabe said the company would be able to push its operating margin higher than the 35 percent targeted for 2015 under the existing business model. At the same time, the co-CEO said he is \"not sure\" that it would be \"healthy\" to raise profitability with a stronger focus on the maintenance business because it would come at the expense of the ability to develop new products.Emerging marketsSAP is augmenting its traditional software license-revenue model with offers in which companies lease applications for shorter time periods. In the traditional enterprise resource planning, or ERP, segment, Snabe predicts demand from clients reducing the number of software platforms.The business will also benefit from a focus on the retail, finance and health sectors as well as from an expansion in emerging markets such as China, Brazil and Russia , where business-management software isn't as widely used yet as in other regions, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12141066", "title": "Lynched man not the serial attacker: Cops", "text": "GUNTUR: A day after a man was lynched by villagers on suspicion that he was behind a spate of attacks on women in Tenali division, cops on Sunday ruled out the murdered man's role. Police have now slapped a case against unidentified villagers under IPC section 304 for killing an innocent man.The victim women said the murdered man was not their attacker after cops showed them his photograph. The cops had to circulate the photo after the women, including students of a hostel, refused to visit the hospital to identify him. \"As per the statements of the women, the features of the deceased did not tally with those of the suspect,\" OSD (north) K Annapurna Reddy told TOI, adding that the Tenali police investigating the case have also rejected the claims of Pedavadlapudi villagers.The cops, meanwhile, are trying to identify the murdered man. \"Our teams are trying to get information as to from where he landed in the village,\" Annapurna said. The deceased was reportedly speaking in broken Hindi and is believed to be from Odisha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12139439", "title": "Russian asks her embassy for protection", "text": "GURGAON: Dissatisfied with the sections of IPC invoked against a BSP MLA's son, the Russian woman approached the Russian embassy on Sunday and demanded police protection for herself. The victim has alleged that the MLA's son beat her up and snatched her passport and other belongings at gunpoint.\"The embassy officials will be discussing the matter with the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) to seek action in the case soon,\" said Gagan Chhabra, the Russian woman's lawyer.The 24-year-old woman works as an architect in a Gurgaon firm. She had come to the city on February 29 on a work permit.Chhabra had alleged that Delhi Police came under 'pressure' and did not slap stronger sections of the IPC on the accused MLA's son. He also claimed that his client would move court in case police fail to file a stringent case against the accused.According to Chabbra, the victim was refused a copy of the FIR by the Delhi Police. Moreover, she has been receiving frequent threat calls and text messages on her phone to stop pursuing the case, Chhabra added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12140749", "title": "Hatcheries built for Olive Ridley turtles", "text": "PUNE: Turtle hatcheries have been built along the Konkan coastline for the conservation and protection of the endangered Olive Ridley turtle hatchlings. This is the first time that such an initiative has been undertaken. The nests created inside the hatchery are replicas of the natural nests. In the hatchery, turtle eggs are relocated from the original nest, and are monitored and protected. Later the hatchlings are released in the sea.Looking at the decline of the turtle population, this initiative was taken up to ensure that hatchlings emerge successfully. Otherwise, eggs are often destroyed by dogs and other animals and humans, too, collect it for consumption. The project is funded by the forest department.This ex-situ protection has been taken up by the Sahyadri Nisarg Mitra a Ratnagiri-based NGO, engaged in conservation of marine turtles along with the forest department. The hatcheries are built in the nesting sites of turtles in 12 villages in Raigad and Ratnagiri district.Bhau Katdare, founder of Sahyadri Nisarg Mitra, told TOI that the ex-situ protection does not involve any laboratory work. Local people monitor and protect the hatchery.A hatchery is an enclosure wherein numbered nests are maintained. Like a natural nest, the height of a nest in a hatchery is maintained at 1.5 feet and is pitcher shaped. It provides similar micro environment (in particular temperature) to the incubating eggs. Each nest in the hatchery is sequentially numbered.\"After the eggs are transferred, it takes 50-55 days for the eggs to mature and the hatchlings to emerge. At the time of emergence the nests are covered with bamboo baskets. This helps avoid escape of the hatchlings and also ensures protection from predators. The basket facilitates micro environment as well as protection. Usually hatchlings emerge when climatic conditions are cool (between dusk and dawn),'' he said. One turtle lays 100-150 eggs. The hatchery is checked every day. The hatchlings gathered below each basket are counted, collected into the basket and released 5 metres before the waterline. The hatchlings crawl towards the sea.This year, the total turtle nests were 46 so far. Katdare said that the nests vary from 75 to 150 every year. \"We are not sure about the decline in nests. It is difficult to monitor the turtles. Also, there are various threats turtle face like existing fuel power projects coming up along the Konkan coastline and industry pollution. Turtles are also caught in nets during trolling and eggs are collected for consumption and sale,'' he said.\"Study has shown that female turtles reach maturity after 15-20 years and come back to the same beach they left as hatchlings to lay eggs. They use geo-magnetic field intensity imprint that helps them come back,'' he added.TURTLE TRIVIA* Marine turtles play an important role in marine eco-system. They help to keep the sea clean. Thus, heavy activities along the coastline should be controlled.* Study has shown that female turtles reach maturity after 15-20 years and come back to the same beach they left as hatchlings to lay eggs. They use geo-magnetic field intensity imprint that helps them come back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12140994", "title": "UGC has grand plans for higher education, says its chairman", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The fund crunch of higher education institutions in the country would be a thing of the past if the Centre approves UGC's demand and allocates Rs 1.84 lakh crore in the 12th five year plan which will start on April 1. According to Prof Ved Prakash, UGC chairman, he is hopeful getting the funds.\"There can be qualititative expansion of higher education with this kind of funds provided the institutions have the commitment that is required,\" he said speaking at a seminar on 'Higher Education: Challenges and Opportunities' at Vadakara. The UGC's fund demand is almost four times bigger than the Rs 46,663 crore it received during the 11th five year plan.The UGC chairman said that higher education institutions that lack in quality have no business in this field. \"Quality of education should not be compromised. If students are unable to pass with the at least 33-40% from an institution, then the quality of education there is pretty bad,\" he said.He said the educational institutions in state have to operate in accordance with state government laws. Prakash said though India has the largest higher education system in the world with 644 universities and 31,023 colleges, the gross enrolment ratio (GER) in the country is still less than those of developing nations.\"Our GER is just 18%, much lesser than the world average of 27%, and 52% clocked by developed nations,\" he said.He said that higher education is beset by regional imbalances and lack of equity. \"There are pockets in the country where the GER is as high as 37% while some areas have GER as low as 5 %,\" he said.Inaugurating the seminar, Mullappally Ramachandran, minister of state for home affairs, called for setting up of the proposed Indian Institution of Technology (IIT) in north Kerala.Dr V N Rajasekharan Pillai, former vice-chancellor, IGNOU, T P Sreenivasan, vice chairman, Kerala Higher Education Council, Dr M K Hada, senior advisor, AICTE, and vice-chancellors from four universities in the state attended the seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144346", "title": "Rimjhim Mitra is back on television", "text": "Rimjhim Mitra is back on television after a while. The girl has been roped in to play a homemaker in \"Agnipariksha\".Talking about her demure avatar, the actor said, \" Yes, it's after long that I'm playing such a character in a megaserial and to tell you the truth, I'm quite enjoying it,\" she said. the best part of shooting for \" Agnipariksha\", the actor explained is sharing screenspace with Sonalee. So much so for those who think girls never bond in Tollywood. \"We share an excellent camaraderie. Off-screen too Sonalee and I get along like a house on fire. The best part is that her character doesn't overshadow mine and vice versa. Sonalee has been part of the mega for a long time now and my track has just been introduced.Yet, we are having a gala time shooting. Being with friends always helps.\"\" The two actors apparently can't stop giggling on the sets and that happens even before a serious shot. \"This has got the entire unit talking. They are so amused and keep asking us how do we manage it. But such is our bond that we can pull off almost anything,\" said Rimjhim, breaking into a grin. Girls rock and how!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12145809", "title": "Abida Parveen casts her spell at Sufi festival", "text": "The ruins of Humayun Tomb resonated with songs in praise of the legendary poets and saints rendered in the throaty voice of sufi singer Abida Parveen during the sufi music festival that concluded in New Delhi recently.Parveen, a Pakistani singer of Sindhi descent enthralled the audience with her famous rendition \"Lal meri pat rakhiyo bhala jhoole laalan' in praise of God at the end of the Jahan -e-Khusrau world sufi music fest that concluded here last evening.\"In Sufism there are no barriers, mine or yours, old and new. It belongs to all and connects hearts and souls. It's power unites the singer and listener in a divine communion with the creator\", says Parveen who has been participating in the festival since its inception nine years ago.The event, she says is essentially about spreading the message of Sufism which believes in no border and religion.\"Jahan e Khusrau is a spiritual call which we all share and join each year to further the message of humanism and brotherhood across the world\", says the performer who sings in many languages including Urdu, Sindhi, Seraiki, Punjabi and Persian. \"The festival is unique because it has no nationality or religion and is sacred to all of us\", she adds. Parveen performed with a group of musicians belonging to both India and Pakistan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12141225", "title": "Humour in men is linked to aggression", "text": "LONDON: Humour in most men develops from aggression - an it all starts at puberty, says a new study.Researchers at Newcastle University have based their findings on an analysis of the reactions of men and women on seeing a trick cyclist, the 'Journal of Psychology Research and Behaviour Management' reported.The results revealed big differences between male and female response - nine out of 10 women would make warm, kind and encouraging remarks , while young children were interested and curious.But as boys grew older, their reactions became increasingly unpleasant. Curiosity typically turned into physical and verbal aggression, and they would throw stones or attempt to obstruct the rider by shouting, \"Fall off !\" Grown men suppressed the urge to injure the rider, but became snide and aggressive, and would often make jokes about the single wheel.In fact, the researchers led by Prof Sam Shuster, studied data from more than 30 unicyclists aged between 15 and 69, from the UK and across the world, with up to 40 years'experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12141102", "title": "Metro worker falls off beam, dies", "text": "JAIPUR: Ironically, a day after the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) launched the metro safety week, a worker died at the Metro site in Civil Lines on Sunday.He slipped and fell off a beam, and later succumbed to his injuries at a hospital.Project director Lalit Meghnani has asked the safety manager of DMRC to submit a report on the incident on Monday. DMRC is the main construction partner for the project.According to DMRC officials, the incident occurred around 5.45 am when the victim, Vinod Kumar (25), lost balance and fell off a 25-feet tall beam. His head also hit an iron beam placed near the construction site.The deceased hailed from Mahu village in Benaras.DMRC spokesperson Anil Singhal said, \"The victim was a welder and was working on a night shift. The accident took place when he was getting down from the beam after his shift was over.\"\"The labourer was wearing a safety belt and a helmet. He lost his balance after he unlatched his belt for getting down,\" he added.DMRC has announced a compensation of Rs 2 lakh for the deceased's family. Assistant commissioner of police, Sadar, Bajrang Singh said, \"No complaint has been registered so far.\"Negligence in supervision at the sites has been the cause of most Metro-related accidents. The DMRC, however, has not taken any concrete steps to prevent such incidents.\"We din't find any supervisory negligence in this accident as everyone including the shift incharge was present at the spot when the labourer accidentally fell down,\" Singhal said.SN Joshi, who lives close to the accident site, rushed to the hospital taking victim in his car said, \"After hearing noises from the labourers I came out. As they were waiting for the metro ambulance I took him in my car to avoid delay. \"He added, \"The metro ambulance also reached on time and followed our car\"Supervisory negligence seems to cause for most of accidents at metro sites, but the DMRC has taken any concrete steps to address the issue. Even in this matter no inquiry has been set up as officials claims work was been done in proper supervision.The Jaipur Metro project was launched on November 13, 2010, and since then seven people have died in five accidents at the sites.On May 21, two labourers were killed while working on a machine when an electric wire was cut accidentally and they were exposed to high voltage.The first accident was On February 3, a businessman was killed when a piling machine collapsed and fell on his car near Sushilpura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12149435", "title": "Narendra Modi criticises cotton export ban, writes to PM", "text": "NEW DELHI:Opposing the Centre's decision to ban cotton exports, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi shot off a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh saying the \"anti-farmer\" decision was taken without consulting states.\"Narendra Modi has written a strongly worded letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asking him to immediately revoke the ban imposed by the Government of India on cotton exports,\" according to a statement posted on his website.The Directorate General of Foreign Trade (DGFT) issued a notification banning exports of all grades of cotton with immediate effect.Gujarat along with Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh are the major cotton producing states in the country.The chief minister also questioned why decisions of such importance were taken without consulting the affected states. \"Does the Centre have no regard for the rights of state farmers,\" the statement added.Terming the Centre's decision to impose a ban on cotton exports as \"arbitrary\", the chief minister said that such decisions affect the economic interests of Gujarat cotton farmers the most and that the Centre must refrain from playing with their economic interests.He pointed out that when such a ban was imposed last year, China took great advantage of this move when the immense profits could have easily gone to the Indian farmers.A similar decision by the Centre, last year cost the farmers of Gujarat Rs 14,000 crore and a policy reversal at a later stage caused further losses when the farmers were forced to sell their cotton at throw away prices, Modi pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12141359", "title": "Candidates, activists cry foul at polls", "text": "MARGAO: Several activists along with consensus candidates from Salcete constituencies on Sunday demanded a probe by the election commission into several poll-related discrepancies reported from various constituencies in Salcete, while claiming that the March 3 elections were not free and fair at all.Activists at a press conference held at a city hotel here on Sunday demanded to know from authorities the meaning of section 144. In a written complaint lodged with the election commission, independent Fatorda candidate and social activist advocate Jawaharlal Dias stated that the elections were conducted in a fraudulent manner in many polling booths adding that the negligent conduct of elections was on account of the failure to dissolve the Goa Legislative Assembly which is mandated by law.It may be recalled that tense moments were witnessed at the Jawarhalal Nehru Stadium at Fartorda where several independent candidates and candidates belonging to other political parties gheraoed the returning officers stationed at the stadium demanding action against sitting MLA across many constituencies whose election agents canvassed for their candidates inside the polling booth. \"It was total misuse of the state machinery and therefore we demand an enquiry and immediate action against those found guilty,\" stated a memorandum to the EC signed by the activists and affected candidates.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12141987", "title": "15-year-old braveheart is fighting genetic disorder with chin up", "text": "BHOPAL: She has a genetic disorder that leads to stunted growth and brittle bone disease. All of 4 feet, the girl, Pooja Prajapati, who went under the doctor's scalpel nine times, has not allowed all that to dampen her spirit a bit.She is a patient of osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) or brittle bone disease disorder. The disease is characterised by fractures that occur without any known cause. Currently, recovering in Hamidia Hospital after an operation, she is determined to make a grade in Class IX examination. She had secured A grade in Class VIII examinations last year and, is determined to excel this time as well.Unlike her girls her age, 15-year-old Pooja cannot play normal games. As she is not able to move her weak frame without support, metal rods were surgically inserted into her bones to give strength. With course books spread about on a table near her bed, she is working hard to realize her dream of becoming a teacher. \"I have seen enough syringes in my life and I do not wish to go for the medical profession. I am not good at mathematics. In such a situation, I feel teaching would be the best for me,\" said Pooja.Hailing from Raghogarh, about 125 km away from Bhopal in Narsingarh district, Pooja was wheeled into the operation theatre nine times for as many operations since 2003. Confined to bed, she is a bit annoyed with her mother for the latter's 'inability' to arrange complete courseware in hospital. \"Doctor sr says it will take another 11 days before I can return home. In hospital, I don't have all the books,\" said Pooja in a somewhat irritated manner looking somewhat tense as her examinations are hardly a fortnight away.\"The illness is associated with genes. It is due to abnormal production of collagen, a protein that can be found in bones. This type of protein is essential for bone strength,\" said HOD Orthopaedics and Professor Dr Anoop Mehrotra. The OI is not associated with calcium level in the body, the doctor said.\"My mother has to care of other brothers and sister,\" said Pooja, the eldest of eight siblings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12141966", "title": "RSS workers-cops clash: Suspension of 10 policemen revoked", "text": "BHOPAL: Even as the Congress stalled the proceedings of the Vidhan Sabha over RSS workers-police clash at a police station, the suspension of 10 policemen, including officers, has been revoked after a request from them. Defending the suspension of policemen after they fought with the RSS men and revoking their suspension, senior officials said the inquiry is still underway in the incident, which took place in the Kamla Nagar police station.\"The suspended cops have been reinstated on their request. Still the inquiry will continue against them,\" a senior official said. The police officials have not ruled out the possibility of booking a few more in the case. tnnDuring the ongoing assembly session, the Congress had stalled the proceedings of the House , disrupted the question hour, demanding a discussion on their notice for adjournment motion on the clash, alleging that policemen were made the scapegoat after the RSS activists stormed into the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12141294", "title": "Congress activist murdered in Bengal", "text": "MALDA: Ismail Sheikh, a Congress worker was killed, allegedly by CPM goons, at a Malda village on Sunday. Three persons were also injured in the clash. that reportedly broke out over a plot of land.Ismail and Imran Ali of Jagannathpur village under Bhaluka panchayat in Harishchandrapur reportedly had a tiff over a 10-cottah plot. When Ismail was going to water the land, Imran allegedly stopped him. This led to a brawl and soon, supporters of both men joined in.During the clash, Imran allegedly took out a dagger suddenly and slashed at Ismail's neck. He died on the spot. while Rafikul Hossain, Matiur Rahman and Habibur Rahman were severely injured and hospitalised.Among them, Habibur's condition is the most critical.The incident soon took a political turn since Ismail being the booth president of the Congress in Jagannathpur and Imran a CPM worker; \"This was a planned attack by CPM goons,\" alleged district Congress secretary Mustaque Alam. CPM district president Ambar Mitra, however, denied his party's involvement. \"It was merely a land dispute,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12139670", "title": "China\u2019s arms spending up by 11.2%; goes past $100bn mark", "text": "BEIJING: The Chinese government on Sunday announced $106.4 billion (670.27 billion yuan) expenditure on defence, which is three times India's budgetary allocation for 2011-12. The budgetary estimates, which will soon be approved by the National People's Congress, is \"reasonable and appropriate\" in light of China's rapid economic development and steady increase in revenues, said NPC spokesman Li Zhaoxing . This is the first time the Chinese defence budget has topped the $100bn mark.Li, who is a former foreign minister, said China's main military spending apart from on equipment is on services, training, and maintenance. \"China is committed to peaceful development and follows a national defence policy that is defensive in nature. China's military will not in the least pose a threat to other countries,\" Li said.The share of defence expenditure in the country's gross domestic product has dipped from 1.33% in 2008 to 1.28% in 2011, Li said, and added, \"The US and UK spend more than 2% of their GDP.\"Reacting to this, Maj Gen (retd) Dipankar Banerjee of the Delhi-based Institute of Peace and Conflict Studies said, \"This is very high allocation if you consider that nearly 50% of Chinese military spending is not shown in the defence budget.\" A substantial part of expenses by China's domestic public security bureau and infrastructure investments by provincial governments have military purposes, he said.The country's defence spending grew by a low rate of 7.5% in 2010 before rising to 12.7% in 2011, when the budget was put at $91 billion. The 11.2% increase comes at a time when Chinese authorities have announced plans to drastically slow down growth rate to 7.5% of GDP as compared to 9.2% in 2011.The official media quoted Wen Bing, a researcher with the People's Liberation Army Military Science Academy, as saying, \"The Chinese government will not, as some foreign analysts suggest, make a drastic response to, or overreact to, the so-called worsening of global security.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12141006", "title": "A multiplex set to come up at IT hub Madhapur soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Madhapur IT hub will soon be a favourite of avid movie buffs too thanks to a multiplex coming up at the Inorbit mall on the Hi-Tec City-Durgam Cheruvu stretch shortly. The multiplex will have six screens with a crowd capacity of about 1,000. In the final stage of obtaining permission, however, the multiplex is evoking mixed reactions from the employees and the residents of the area.While one of the major concerns of the employees seem to be traffic problem and security related issues, the rest are only too happy to have a major recreation centre in their backyard. Expressing concern that the opening of multiplex will only worsen the traffic situation, V Srinivas Prasad, secretary, Cyberabad Security Council, said \"As of now, the crowd turn out at the mall is limited and mostly on the weekends. But with multiplex in place, traffic may go for toss in the area. Since there were instances of traffic jams on this stretch earlier, we had asked for a traffic police outpost.\"According to him, the huge crowds at the mulitiplex may pose challenge to the security in the area as it would be impossible to screen or frisk all those entering the zone. The council, which looks after the security requirements of 91 corporate companies, including the IT biggies, was instrumental in setting up five check points and 17 interconnected surveillance cameras in the area and is planning to have five more check points and about 25 more surveillance cameras in the coming few months. However, those residing in the nearby area are more than happy with the venture. \"Until now, we have no other option but to travel long distances to watch a movie. This multiplex will only increase the importance of the area and makes it more preferable for residing\" said B Rohit, a software professional and a resident of Madhapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12140186", "title": "27 containers with 550 kg raw opium missing from Ghazipur", "text": "VARANASI: During the stock verification work at Government Opium and Alkaloid Works (GOAW) in Ghazipur, 27 more containers of opium have been found missing , said IG range R P Singh on Sunday. As per an estimation, these 27 containers were containing around 550 kg raw opium.It may be recalled here that on February 29, the Varanasi police had made a huge recovery of 558 kg raw opium stored at a house in 25 containers in Jaitpura police station area. After this incident, stock verification process had started at the opium factory. Meanwhile, the Ghazipur police on Sunday transferred the opium smuggling case registered by the officials of Government Opium and Alkaloid Works (GOAW) to Varanasi police.IG (range) R P Singh said that the Ghazipur SP had been instructed to ensure that investigation in this case is done at one place only. Ensuring the compliance of IG's order, the Ghazipur SP transferred the case to Jaitpura police on Sunday.According to the IG, the team of NCBI officials has started assisting the police to probe into the matter. The recovery of 558 kg opium in one case has surprised even the NCBI officials.The officials admitted that such a huge recovery of opium had been made in the past three-four decades. tnnBetween 1988-2011, the total recovery of opium in the cases registered under NDPS Act was over 5,000 kg. The average annual recovery of opium was over 55 kg only. After this largest recovery of opium in a single case, the NCBI officials also checked the quality of recovered articles after which they reached the conclusion that over 50 kg of heroin could be prepared with it, said the IG.The IG added that one circle officer of police has also been engaged with a videographer to remain present in the factory during the stock verification exercise. The Ghazipur SP said that this process was continuing and the CO was monitoring this exercise. The police have also intensified efforts to catch the kingpins of the networks operated from Ghazipur to smuggle opium after procuring from GOAW. The police had also raided the place of one of those kingpins but he was at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12140560", "title": "Pawar promises to clean up city rivers, after budget special river cleaning project to be implemented after budget", "text": "PUNE: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Sunday said a special river cleaning project has been planned for the rivers in the city in the months to come. The project aims at improving water carrying capacity of the rivers and also maintaining the natural flow of the rivers.\"It will be a joint project, and will be carried out with the help of the state government as well private, public limited firms and NGOs,\" Pawar said, while addressing the newly-elected corporators during a training programme on Sunday. \"The state-level government machinery, which normally is not used for such project will be also be used for better results.\"Pawar said an experiment of silt removal and cleaning of some river patches was carried out in the city to deal with flood-like situations. It has helped increase the water-carrying capacity of the rivers in those areas.\"During the experiment, only a few patches were cleaned. Now, in the new project, the entire river will undergo the cleaning process,\" he said. Garbage will also be removed as part of the project.Pawar said the execution of the project will start after the end of the budget session. \"Since I represent this constituency, I have decided to give special attention to Pune in the budget. Every minister gives priority to the district he represents. I will do the same during this budget for Pune.\"The five-week budget session of the state legislature will begin on March 15.Pawar said the state has planned some changes in rules and regulations for school education board of the municipal corporations. These changes will help in better management of the board, which currently enjoys a lot of liberty.Selection of mayor, deputy mayorAjit Pawar said his party will organise a meetings for selection of mayor and deputy mayor at the weekend. \"The meetings will be held on March 8. Candidates for Pune as well as mayor and deputy mayor of the PCMC will be selected in these meetings.\"Including the support of independents, the NCP has strength of 54 corporators in the PMC and 92 in the PCMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12140606", "title": "Chevalier C C Ramdas passes away", "text": "KOCHI: Chevalier C C Ramdas (84), former honorary consul for France in Kerala, passed away at a city hospital on Sunday. He was hospitalized last week and suffered from kidney failure. The funeral took place at Coovapadam crematorium.Coombil Couvary Ramdas left his home town, Mahe, at the age of 13 and joined Santa Cruz Cathedral School in Fort Kochi. Later he befriended a French man C J Revel, the founder of steamer agency - C J Revel and Co. Revel later became the French consul general in India. After his death, Ramdas looked after manyFrench interests in India. He was appointed honorary consul for France and bestowed with the Chevalier title in 1985. He is survived by his wife Usha Ramdas, two sons and three daughters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12139842", "title": "Infosys likely to start operations in 3 years", "text": "NAGPUR: After being pursued by the state government for the last six months, IT giant Infosys signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC) for setting up a unit in the Mihan-SEZ.However, the move is still short of clinching the final deal with this state government company which will ultimately lead to allotment of land to Infosys in the SEZ.The documents were signed in Nagpur by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan who is chairman of MADC. Some senior bureaucrats and politicians were present.Technically, an MoU differs from an agreement as the former is generally an expression of willingness by the two parties to enter into a pact if certain conditions are met by both.State governments often sign MoUs with prospective investors from the industry some of which materialize. In this case, other formalities are being done. MADC has called it the biggest investment proposal so far.Infosys proposes to take up 142 acres of land in the SEZ, where it plans to come up with its 12th campus in the country. CEO and managing director SD Shibulal told the media that the company plans to invest Rs 150 crore and that 2,000-3,000 jobs would be created in the initial phase. The operations are likely to start within three years, added Shibulal.The overall investment of company is likely to touch the Rs 450 crore mark. By the time the company gets operational, 14,000 jobs for software professionals would be created. The unit is expected to create a substantial number of indirect jobs as well.\"This will be Infosys' second campus in the state after Pune which employs 28,000 persons. The Nagpur unit will offer a chance to many employees posted abroad to come back,\" said Shibulal.On a query over the final allotment of land, MADC's vice-chairman-cum-managing director UPS Madan said that normally it is a letter of allotment which is signed with the investor but given Infosys' stature, it was decided to hold an MoU signing function first.\"MADC had been vigorously pursuing Infosys to start the unit. The lease deed too is likely to be signed soon,\" said Anshuman Gosh, MADC's marketing manager.Infosys will now submit its proposal for the SEZ unit to the development commissioner who in turn will forward it to the board of approvals (BoA) in the ministry of commerce. The BoA, the governing body for SEZs, is scheduled to meet on March 13. Infosys' case is likely to be taken up during the meeting.After the LOP, other formalities like signing the deal for allotment of land and registering the lease deed between MADC and Infosys will follow, said Madan. LoP is a green signal granted by BoA for tax benefits available in a SEZ.Madan added that even as there have been concerns of this SEZ being crowded with only IT companies, Infosys, given its size, could not be ignored. He said that the formalities, including inviting tenders for redeveloping the airport with a third partner, is expected to be done in three years, while that for a 2.3 km taxiway leading to Boeing's MRO may be completed in a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12140327", "title": "4 hurt in 2 accidents", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Four persons, including a home guard volunteer, were injured in two road accidents on Sunday.Home guard Jaswinder Singh was deployed at a check post near Sector 42 when motorcyclist Vijay, with his father Teja Ram riding pillion, hit him.Police said Jaswinder had signalled them to stop, but Vijay lost balance and fell on the ground.In another incident, 65-year-old two-wheeler rider Harbans Lal of Sector 28 was injured when a speeding Bolero hit him on the dividing road between Sector 22 and Sector 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "panaji/margao", "code": "12141643", "title": "Salgaocar, Kare colleges secured for vote counting", "text": "PANAJI/MARGAO: With the voters exercising their franchise on Saturday, it was a backbreaking task for the election commission staff on duty in North and South Goa on Sunday, as they sealed EVMs from 1,612 polling centres from 40 assembly constituencies across the state.The process of sealing and storing the EVMs in strong rooms was carried out in the counting centres at Kare College of Law and Damodar College in Margao, and in Salgaocar law college in Miramar.The authorities are finalizing preparations for the vote-counting of 23 constituencies of North Goa at the college premises in Miramar. The traffic will be diverted from the road opposite the college at Hotel Goa International, agriculture department and Maruti temple and follow alternative routes.The traffic to and from Dona Paula-Caranzalem will follow the Dr Jack Sequeira road or the V Dempo Marg.While residents around the college will be issued vehicle passes, general parking of vehicles will be done at the Campal parade ground.In Margao, CRPF personnel have been deployed to guard the premises round-the-clock, sources in the South Goa district administration said. \"With all the EVMs in place at the counting centres by 5.30pm, the premises were sealed by 7.30pm on Sunday,\" the sources said. Altogether, nine halls have been set up for the purpose of counting the votes, it is learnt.Meanwhile, the election commission has come in for a lot of appreciation from all quarters for the meticulous arrangements put in place to ensure free and fair elections.Savio Coutinho, former chairperson of the Margao Municipal Council (MMC), speaking to TOI said the distributing of voters' slips further strengthened the secrecy of the ballot. \"As a result, no voting trend could be forecast,\" Coutinho said.The arrangements made at the polling stations for the duty staff were much better this time, sources said, adding that fewer queues towards the end also helped the staff get back home without an inordinate delay, unlike in the past.However, there were a few complaints that no morning tea and breakfast were served to election personnel on duty at the polling stations, though lunch and dinner was adequately provided for, sources said.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12140643", "title": "Samajwadi Party a clear winner: Sahara News exit poll", "text": "NEW DELHI: Yet another exit poll, this one conducted by Sahara News, has given the Samajwadi Party a clear leadership position in the Uttar Pradesh assembly, much ahead of its rivals BSP and BJP.But its projections show that Mulayam Singh Yadav will fall short of a majority, suggesting that he may have to take the support of the Congress and others to form the government. It gives second and third spots to BSP and BJP, respectively. Congress will finish fourth.Findings of exit polls conducted by Star News with AC Nielsen have suggested that the Congress was not doing well in Punjab and Uttarakhand either, unable to take advantage of NDA regimes. According to the Star News exit polls, Congress was running neck-to-neck with Akali Dal-BJP combine in Punjab. In Uttarakhand, the BJP was headed for a second straight victory.At 188 seats, the Sahara poll shows SP at the top in UP followed by the BSP and BJP, which together is projected to get 147 (BSP-83 and BJP-64). The poll predicts 55 seats for the Congress, with 13 going to others. Earlier, Star News had projected 183 seats for SP, News 24 gave the Samajwadi Party 185 seats and India TV projected 141.In UP, the SP has not only increased its vote share compared to 2007 but has also increased its vote percentage across caste and communities, particularly among the minorities where its vote share has increased from 38% in 2007 to 44% this time. The Sahara poll attributes BSP's loss to decline in its vote share among the OBC/general and minority categories, but it says the party has consolidated votes in the SC category.Though the BJP has gained from the increase in vote share of general category voters, its decline among the OBC and SC category has resulted in its failure to translate into more seats. The Cong-RLD combine has increased its vote share in the OBC/general and minority voters as compared to 2007 but they seem to have lost momentum, the predictions say.However, the scene seems to be different in Uttarakhand than what was being projected by channels on Saturday. Star News now predicts the BJP regaining power riding on the image of B C Khanduri who seems to have beaten the anti-incumbency factor with his high pitched anti-graft campaign.CNN-IBN, India TV and News 24 had all predicted the Congress gaining a near simple majority in Uttarakhand, two to nine seats ahead of the BJP. But Star News predicts the Congress six seats away from the magic figure of 35. The BJP is projected to get 36 seats. The Star poll puts Akalis in the reckoning in Punjab with just two seats less than the Congress, which is projected to get 58 seats. The magic figure in Punjab is 59 seats.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12139507", "title": "Govt should have acted earlier: Moily", "text": "Union corporate affairs minister M Veerappa Moily has slammed the government for delaying action against the attackers. \"The government knew something was brewing for a couple of months (between the media and the lawyers). It should have stepped in to mediate or do something on the alleged or imagined misunderstanding. Their (state government's) duty is to step in and resolve the matter and not allow it to precipitate to such an extent that people settle scores on their own,\" he told TOI in Mangalore on Sunday.It's a clear case of intelligence failure, he said. \"From what I observed and came to know, there is a design... Police could have taken preventive action. Will a judicial probe serve any purpose? \"It will take years and we don't know what will happen (to the report). The immediate priority is to step in and see that law and order is maintained,'' Moily, who was Union law minister, observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12145317", "title": "Shruti struts between temples", "text": "While Kamal Haasan is a self-professed atheist, looks like he has not forced his daughter Shruti Haasan to be one.The actress was seen at the Tirupati Temple worshipping lord Balaji fervently. When some of her fans made a huge noise on seeing her, the actress reportedly asked them to maintain silence as they are in a place of worship.Soon after offering her prayers, Shruti left for Thiruchanur, the hold abode of goddess Padmavathy and then went to Kalahasti. Looks like Shruti Haasan definitely seems to have a lot of prayers that needs to be answered.The actress is busy with the Telugu film Gabbar Singh, starring Pawan Kalyan as her hero, it may be mentioned here.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12140761", "title": "Corporator, daughter killed in accident", "text": "HUBLI: Ashok Jadhav, 50, senior member of Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation and his daughter, Shweta, 23, were killed in a road accident on Hangal bypass road in Haveri on Sunday night. Three others were seriously injured in the accident.According to police sources, the accident took place when the car in which the corporator and his family were travelling collided with a speeding tractor.The car was heading to Hubli from Davanagere. After being hit by the tractor, car rolled down from the bypass road, killing the corporator and his daughter on the spot while three others sustained severe injuries.The injured are Smita (Ashok Jadhav's wife), Spoorthi (another daughter) and driver Ashok Kumar . They were being treated at Haveri civil hospital and then shifted to KIMS, Hubli for further treatment.Deceased Ashok Jadhav was senior BJP leader and was representing Ramangar-Keshwapur,ward no 47. Speaking to TOI, police inspector, Haveri town, Pampapati, said, a case has been registered at Haveri town police station and the driver of the tractor is taken into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12139313", "title": "Lawyers to skip courts, media and police cases", "text": "Two days after the unsavoury attacks on the media and the police force at the city civil court complex, advocates have decided upon a slew of measures in their bid to mount a counter-attack. These include abstaining from courts across Karnataka on Monday and pulling out from ongoing cases involving the media and the police.A resolution passed by the Karnataka State Bar Council, which was later adopted by the Advocates' Association, said, \"The Bar Council calls upon the advocates to abstain from court work on Monday.\"Sources said advocates are planning to file cases against the media. A foretaste came on Friday when advocate Sripad, acting on behalf of six colleagues, slapped a notice on five local TV channels, seeking apology for the language used against advocates. On Sunday, they filed seven cases against the media and cops in the Ulsoorgate police station.The advocates are mulling over filing a PIL ( public interest litigation) on the Friday incident, besides lodging private complaints against the police and the media before the courts.The advocates have decided not to take up cases of the media and police (when they are caught by Lokayukta). Besides, they are reportedly planning to withdraw from the present cases they are appearing for the media and police personnel. Noted advocate Pramila Nesargi confirmed these developments, saying the Advocates' Association had passed a resolution to this effect.During the meeting on Saturday, the advocates reportedly discussed starting a TV channel to present their version.To counter the case filed against them, the Advocates' Association and individual advocates are collating evidence of police action against them. It involves the photographs and videos captured by them on their cellphones, statements of the injured, hospital records and the list of destruction to their property. The lawyers have chosen social media to present their version to the public through images, videos and messages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad/mahbubnagar", "code": "12140848", "title": "Bypolls: Congress takes on Jupalli in Kollapur", "text": "HYDERABAD/MAHBUBNAGAR: Campaigning for the March 18 bypolls in the three constituencies in Mahbubnagar district is in full swing with no quarter being given by anybody, not when DK Aruna has decided to go all out to ensure arch-rival Jupalli Krishna Rao's defeat in Kollapur.Jupalli is contesting on a TRS ticket after quitting Congress over the Telangana issue. Aruna has dismissed Jupalli's resignation for the separate Telangana cause as eyewash intended to divert people's attention away from the absence of any real development work under his ministership. It is her follower Vishnu Vardhan Reddy who has been handed the Kollapur ticket and sources said that a victory here was a matter of prestige for Aruna.While victory looks certain for independent candidate Nagam Janardhan Reddy in Nagarkurnool, neither Congress nor TRS would lose the Mahbubnagar and Kollapur seats without a fight. Analysts said that the former law minister and TDP candidate P Chandrasekhar could emerge as the dark horse in Mahbubnagar where TRS's Syed Ibrahim is finding the going tough.Worried that his advantage was slipping away, TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao has reportedly decided to campaign for three days in Mahbubnagarto whip up support for Ibrahim.In Nagarkurnool, the sentiment is strongly in favour of Nagam for the seat for which the Congress is fielding former ZP chairman Damodar Reddy with businessman Janardhan Reddy being the TDP candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12141514", "title": "3 peacocks electrocuted by live wires", "text": "JAIPUR: Residents of colonies near SMS Hospital demanded that an FIR be lodged against the electricity department officials after three peacocks were electrocuted on Sunday morning when they came in contact with live electricity wires scattered around a transformer.The incident took place around 9 am when electricity supply was snapped. \"When the residents came out, they saw carcasses of three peacocks lying on the ground near a transformer,\" a police officer said.They informed the police and forest department officers, he added. A team of forest department officers rushed to the spot and took away the birds for post-mortem.\"Live wires have been left in the open around the transformer inviting tragedies. Many monkeys and other animals died due to them over the past one year,\" Dr Mahendra Kumar, a local resident, said\"A child also sustained burn injuries after coming in contact with these wires recently. The electricity department has been informed about this several times, but nothing has been done. All the officials including executive engineer, assistant engineers and junior engineers are aware of the problem,\" Kumar added.He said the police should register an FIR against these officials for negligence leading to death of three national birds.Meanwhile, 11 peacocks were found dead in an agricultural land in Dedong village near Lohawat in Jodhpur rural on Sunday. Police said the peacocks had consumed grains laced with poison.\"Farmers use pesticides for their crops. It seems the peacocks ate grains from the crops. However, we are not ruling out the possibility of poaching,\" said a police officer.He added the carcasses of peacocks have been sent for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12140183", "title": "Mumbai Police flooded with calls on Kripashankar Singh's wealth", "text": "MUMBAI: The city police have been receiving calls from unidentified people offering to share \"information\"-sometimes gratis, sometimes in exchange for money-about former Mumbai Congress chief Kripashankar Singh and his family's as yet unknown properties.Since last Tuesday, officers said, the police's control room and its Economic Offences Wing have got more than a dozen calls where the callers offered to pass information on the \"benami\" properties that have not found mention in the PIL filed against Singh and his family members. Invariably, though, the callers \"hung up when they were asked their name and interest in the issue\", said a police officer.\"Some callers demanded money in return for secret information about Singh's properties in Jaunpur, Lucknow and Ranchi. One wanted to be rewarded for clues on Singh's immovable assets in Mumbai,\" said the officer. \"We take calls seriously, but the problem is lack of concrete information so far.\"The Special Investigation Team (SIT) probing the multi-crore disproportionate assets case against senior Congress leader Kripashankar Singh and his family has written to several banks, asking for the details of transactions made from 15 of their accounts.A police officer told TOI that the team has sought the details of all post-1994 transactions. The information is expected to be received \"in the next two days\". The officer said the accounts were not frozen since the Bombay High Court had not made such a demand. The court, in its order on February 22, had said that it is not directing the freezing of accounts, \"having seen the futility of such (an) exercise\" since most accounts have been \"completely washed out\".Sources indicated that Singh may not be arrested until April 19, the day a report has to be submitted before the high court. \"In most disproportionate assets cases, the accused are not arrested at the preliminary stage of investigation. We have time and our priority is to complete the investigation,\" an officer said. The police are likely to summon Singh and his family within a few days, though, to record their statements.The high court, in its judgment, had described some of the entries made in the family's bank statements as \"wondrous\".It had questioned how the savings bank accounts of Singh's wife, Malti Devi, showed \"a balance of Rs 00.00\" if she \"amassed so much wealth legitimately\". It also pointed out that the bank accounts of Singh's son, Narendra, showed a credit balance of \"not more than a few thousand rupees with one bank account having the distinction of the credit balance of Rs 00.00\" despite his having major financial dealings. The court highlighted that the movable items in his bungalow itself were shown to be worth Rs 1 crore.Many cops said they are treading carefully since it is a \"political case\". \"We are not under any pressure but at the same time we have to finish probing all the aspects of the case within the stipulated time,\" said an officer.The high court on February 22 had ordered Mumbai police chief Arup Patnaik to file a first information report (FIR) against Singh under the Prevention of Corruption Act for \"criminal misconduct\" and his family members for abetment. The FIR was registered on February 28 and the SIT began raiding and attaching the 19 properties-as directed by the court-held by Singh and his family last Friday.The raids yielded considerable amounts of documents. They are currently being studied by the police's Economic Offences Wing and the crime branch. Among these documents, officers said, are files of income tax returns, bank passbooks, real estate sale and purchase agreements, and bank loan records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12139876", "title": "Four arrested for transporting illegal liquor", "text": "NAGPUR: With just a few days left for the festival of colours, Pachpaoli police pulled up its socks against illegal sale of liquor. On Saturday night, the men in khaki arrested four persons in different areas for transporting illegal liquor.Apart from 1035 litres of country liquor, cops also seized two four-wheelers and one two-wheeler. The seized items were pegged at 4.13 lakh.During the drive, the police also nabbed a gang of eight people, including four hardcore criminals. A pistol, chilli powder, nylon ropes, sharp weapons and two bikes were seized.Riyaz Khan (25) and Mohammad Rafiq (20) were arrested near the Motibagh railway crossing when they were transporting liquor in a car. Charan Gaur and Prakash Yalmule, who were also in the vehicle, managed to flee. Fifteen rubber tubes with each containing 35 litres of liquor were kept inside the dickey, said police.Acting on a tip-off, the police intercepted a speeding car at Kaymay Square near Naik Talao and found 60 litres of liquor kept on the rear seat. Driver Robin Pande (21) was taken into custody.In another incident, one Anil Gajbhiye was interrogated after he was suspiciously carrying two rubber tubes in his scooter at Awadebabu Square. Gajbhiye was arrested and liquor worth 3,000 was seized.Senior inspector of Pachpaoli police station BM Dewalkar said, \"A big liquor selling racket is suspected. There could be a possibility of all the accused working for the same person. We will get to know the facts only after the investigation is over.\"The eight accused arrested for planning a dacoity included Kuljinder Singh Multani (27), murder accused Praveen Kamble (27), Rajesh Gund (28) and Mangesh Masram (22). They were armed with sharp weapons and a pistol. The other four accused - Sandeep Singh Johar, Anup Sahare, Ankush Bhujade and Rupesh Baghel - who were arrested from an open ground near Vaishali Nagar are college students and from well-to-do families, said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12139956", "title": "'Confused' cobra rescued in Mumbai", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: An adult cobra, over five-and-half-foot in length and seemingly \"confused\", was recently rescued from a housing society in Kharghar by animal activists of Pujya Golwalkar Guruji Charitable Trust.\"The rather big cobra was spotted inside the main gate of a building compound in Sector 20. The original habitat of the animals has been destroyed due to rampant construction activity in the area,\" said activist Shailesh Khotkar. He added that most of the green patches and shrubs in the locality have been removed by private developers for building constructions.\"The cobra did not know which way to go. Our volunteers immediately rushed to the spot and rescued the animal,\" said another activist Raghunath Jadhav-Savadekar. The cobra has now been released in the dense forest area of Karnala bird sanctuary.Khotkar said this is the sixth snake that their NGO has rescued from Kharghar since the New Year. \"Just a fortnight back, two venomous Russel's Vipers were rescued from an adjoining block in Kharghar,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12140281", "title": "Tanker strike: Talks to resume", "text": "CHENNAI: The talks between the executives of oil companies and members of the Southern Region Bulk LPG Transport Owners Association over hike in transportation charges will resume on Monday after it remained inconclusive till late Saturday night, as both the parties were adamant.The association will decide on whether to withdraw the strike after having its general body meeting in Namakkal on Monday. Even though the executives of the oil companies said they would raise the transportation charges from the existing Rs 2.23 per tonne per km to Rs 2.50, the association demanded the rate should be increased to at least Rs 2.80 per tonne per km, citing increase in the expenditure and operational costs.Repeated attempts made by the civil supplies commissioner P M Basheer Ahmad to find a solution to the issue were in vain and the association finally said it would take a decision only after consulting all members on Monday. \"From Rs 3.50 per tonne per km, we came down to 2.80. But the oil companies were not agreeing. The operational cost has gone up over the years and one should consider that the new rate is applicable for three years. We don't have any chance for a revision in between,\" said N R Karthik, secretary of Southern Region Bulk LPG Transport Owners Association.Tanker owners have been on strike since Thursday, demanding execution of a fresh transport contract and induction of 500 more tankers by oil companies. The association had withdrawn their seven-day stir in January after assurance from the oil companies that 500 new tankers will be taken for transportation and a new tender would be floated. \"They didn't do anything they promised. So this time we will withdraw the strike only after a decision is made,\" he said.Oil company officials said it was impossible to raise transportation charges. There are about 3, 700 tankers transporting LPG across the southern states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12141276", "title": "Priceless memories etched in metal", "text": "KOLKATA: Their creations have, over the past 130 years, occupied pride of place at countless homes and offices all over the world. They have catered to monarchs, kings, princes, heads of states, corporate chieftains and commoners with flair and finesse, earning laurels and a loyal group of clients spread all over the globe. Naturally, their establishment is steeped in history and a visit to it is like peering into history.89/2A Masjidbari Street off Aurobindo Sarani in North Kolkata wouldn't have been easy to locate had it not been for the fame of S.C.Roy &amp; Co that's housed in this address. A narrow lane through which two people can barely pass leads to the office and workshop of perhaps the oldest engravers east of the Suez. The enterprise was started in 1880 by one Kanai Lall Roy who started engraving in earnest. He also started making visiting and invitation cards for the British and rich Indians of those times and earned such fame that he was made the chief of the engraving department of Army &amp; Navy Cooperative Society. His sons, Hrishikesh and Shyam Chand, took to engraving and it was Shyam Chand who set up the business formally after the death of his father and elder brother. Today, his three sons-Debabrata, Jyotiromoy and Priyabrata--and Debabrata's son Subrata, carry on the business that hasn't lost any of its lustre.S.C.Roy &amp; Co makes all sorts of medals, trophies, mementoes, plaques, lapel pins and badges in brass, copper, bronze and silver. It's a time consuming and back breaking process that requires oodles of patience and fortitude. And Debabrata, the eldest of the three brothers, says the firm has always preferred doing things by hand rather than machines. \"Eliminating hand-cutting of moulds and dies takes away much of the medalist's art. We do computer designing, but are not happy with the result since computers cannot generate any relief work or perspective,\" Debabrata, 79, tells TOI.The small but charming office of the firm is adorned with many samples of the enterprise's works down the ages. And it is clear that the workmanship of the past was far superior to what customers want and are willing to pay for today. \"That craftsmanship is no longer there because customers can no longer appreciate such fine works. They want cheap stuff these days. People had taste and an appreciation of the finer things of life earlier that is quite lacking today,\" says Debabrata. For instance, they discontinued the business of making letter heads, visiting and invitation cards half a century ago. \"These letter heads and cards used to be made through a unique process by engraving the exquisitely calligraphed alphabets on a copper plate and using it as a stencil. Crests and other symbols used to be embossed through a laborious process. But after the 1950s, the number of customers for letterheads and cards made this way started decreasing and so we closed down this business,\" said the septuagenarian.A few samples of those exquisite works have been lovingly preserved by the Roys. One such is a 1903 invitation card from the aide-de-camp to the Governor General for a tea party at the latter's mansion. Another dated 1906 is an invitation card for the marriage of Hazel, daughter of Lt Col &amp; Mrs J.M.Carpendale at Fort William. There are a few invitation cards ordered by rich Indian traders also. \"Customers used to like a lot of ostentation and were more artistically inclined then. Making family crests for British nobility and embossing them on letterheads were our specialty,\" says Debabrata, pointing to numerous samples of such crests in metal made by his grandfather and father.The firm has, over the decades, had many famous patrons like Professor Satyen Bose, Justice A.N.Roy and Tushar Kanti Ghosh. Replicas of the Rabindranath Tagore Centenary Plaque (awarded to Bertrand Russell and historian Arnold Toynbee ) and Indira Gandhi Memorial Gold Plaque (posthumously awarded to Olaf Palme in 1985) occupy pride of place in the crowded shelves of the firm's office. \"We made those plaques,\" says Debabrata proudly. Another high point in the firm's illustrious history is the first prize the badge it made (a snake charmer) bagged at a Lions Club International Convention in the 1970s. They've also made badged for the Indian contingent to Olympic Games. Among their major customers today are institutions like IIT, Kharagpur, Asiatic Society, Indian School of Mines, SAIL, Cricket Association of Bengal and Indian Football Association. \"These days, orders are given for the lowest bids by major clients. That would mean compromising on quality and we can't do that,\" Debabrata says firmly. But even so, business is good as there are still many who appreciate and demand quality. And like Debabrata, his son Subroto is also committed to quality and good craftsmanship. What's also heartening is that this is one of the rare Bengali business families who have managed to run their firm successfully for four generations now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12142059", "title": "Registrars of MP universities to meet on March 6", "text": "BHOPAL: The higher education department has convened a meeting of the registrars of the state universities in Bhopal on Tuesday to discuss issues relating to administration and strict adherence to academic calendar. Orders to this effect has been issued by the Commission Higher Education, V S Niranjan.R D Musalgaonkar, registrar, Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) told TOI, \"The meeting has been convened to discuss issues related to conduct of examination and timely declaration of results. Some other important issues will also be discussed in the meeting.\"Sources told TOI that seven issues will be discussed in the meeting, out of which timely result declaration, admission in the universities and conduct of examination will be discussed. In the past few years there have been series of complaints related to delay in declarations of results in the universities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12140433", "title": "Kathakali group steps up to promote art form", "text": "CHENNAI: A couple of years ago, when U Sethunath started a group to promote kathakali on a social networking site, he had only 35 members. The members posted photographs and videos of kathakali performances and started discussions.Slowly, membership swelled to 1,300. With members came ideas on how to promote the dance form as a social art. And late last year, the group set up offline as a forum, called Keleeravam Kathakali Association, to take the art across the world and help dancers.The group was launched in December 2010 with an all-night performance in Ernakulam. On March 10, they will be performing 'Nalacharitham Onnam Divasam' at the Kalakshetra Foundation from 5pm onwards. Veteran kathakali dancer Kalamandalam Gopi's 'Nalan' and a lecture demonstration by Sadanam P V Balakrishnan will be the highlights of the evening. A host of well-known and upcoming dancers, musicians and vocalists will be part of the show. A book on kathakali mudras will also be released.\"The idea is to attract more people to kathakali, particularly those who don't know about the art,\" said Sethunath, president of Keleeravam, which is based in Thiruvananthapuram . \"We got a good response. Performers from all over the world, including the US, UK, Europe and Gulf countries, as well as different parts of India participated in our first event in December 2011,\" he said.Sethunath has bigger plans: One is to launch a welfare scheme for senior and ailing kathakali artists. \"Many senior kathakali artists are struggling since the remuneration from performance is low. Most of them survive on the meagre payments they get from temples and other organisations. About 20% of the total income of Keleeravam will be contributed to a welfare fund for ailing artists. We will also start a medical insurance scheme,\" he said.The show at Kalakshetra will be the first Keleeravam is organizing outside Kerala. \"After the Kalakshetra performance, the troupe will be touring Dubai in May. We have 45 artists, both senior and junior, in the group,\" said Sajeesh Areepurathu, a member of Keleeravam.Many senior kathakali artists are struggling since the remuneration from performance is low. Most of them survive on the meagre payments they get from temples and other organisations Sethunath | president, keleeravam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12132353", "title": "Kareena rocked in Mujra, says Saif ali Khan", "text": "Looking visibly distracted, he makes himself comfortable on the couch of his hotel room on the seventh floor. As securitymen and his assistants keep storming in and out of the room, the star waves his hands at them. \"How am I supposed to give an interview with all of you guys making such a racket?\" asks Saif Ali Khan on his whirlwind trip to the city to promote his latest venture, \" Agent Vinod \".\"Kareena would never get distracted even if there happened to be an earthquake while she's shooting. She's so focussed on her work,\" says Saif, once the noise dies down. We ask him why Kareena didn't accompany him on this tour. \"Look, we don't need to be together all the time, do we?\" Point taken, Mr Khan!We get him talking about movies, music and much more. \"I think there's a huge market in India for this kind of movies,\" he says, referring, obviously, to \"AV\". \"Initially, it was a bit of a childish idea. Or maybe, childlike is a better word,\" he grins. \"I had always toyed with the idea of playing a Tintin-Jason Bourne-James Bond-ish role. But doesn't everybody? And that's why I believe a lot of notions in Indian cinema ought to begin with a childlike idea. We're taught in this world not to take childish impulses too seriously and lead sheep-like boring existences...\"Saif feels that \"AV\" is not just another spy thriller, a Bond movie dubbed in Hindi. \"The movie, especially with that title, holds a lot of promise. \"Agent Vinod\" can be written at the back of a rickshaw as coolly as it can be lit up on billboards or put up in neon signs. It cuts across demography and for once in my career, it's a big change, I'd rather like it if the sophisticated classes in India found the title funny and the masses find it more acceptable. My mind has always been the other way round which is why I got to do films like \"Salaam Namaste\", \"Hum Tum\" - films that are very urban and upwardly mobile. Slowly, I'm getting more concerned about the majority,\" he says.From the classes to the masses, is it a conscious and premeditated shift of focus? \"It comes with a certain maturity,\" says Saif, adding, \"I want to reach out to as many people as possible. There's something very dull about being niche.\"So does being an action hero come almost naturally as his comic timing? \"While I enjoy doing action movies, I wouldn't say it's an easy task. A lot of creative thought goes into making an action movie. This is my second production after \"Love...Aaj Kal\", which was a romantic drama. But that was different. There are many elements that go into creating a cinematic high. You need the right line to be said in the right place by the right person, wearing the right clothes with the right makeup in the right atmosphere with the right background music... Action is a deeply creative genre. It's not like you put a camera up and have two guys hitting each other. That said, I love to do different kinds of roles. The kind of person I am, if I start confining myself to one genre, I start feeling limited and incapable, thereby depressed.\"We ask him about the rumours doing the rounds that it was Saif who wanted Kareena to do a mujra number in the film. \"It's nice to see her doing something she's never done before. The mujra is a first for her and she totally rocked it.\" Saifeena comes back together after \"Kurbaan\" that didn't have a good run at the BO. Does that make him feel jittery? \"I'd say, the most shallow reason to watch a film would be to see two artistes who are involved off-screen. But yes, we were concerned about our chemistry on screen. But Sriram Raghavan (director of \"AV\") had written the roles in such a way that it wasn't difficult.\"As Saif rushes to leave for the press conference, his hurried gait betrays his restlessness. \"I have a flight to catch at 6.\" As he leaves the room, it's well past 2 pm. Do actors get restless with age, especially after stepping on the wrong side of 40? With a wink, he answers, \"Trust me, we were worse in our 30s!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12140028", "title": "Quiz competition for tiny tots Kanpur", "text": "Inter-class quiz competition was held for the tiny tots of Shree Kant Bhushan Little Folks Preschool at Ragvendra Swarup Centre for Performing Arts in Civil lines. The chief guest was Yadupati Singhania, managing director of JK Cement Company. The kids answered questions on subjects like language, visuals, word development, science, mathematics and general knowledge.Mishti Abbot of the preparatory class was awarded the outstanding girl student of the school with a gold and silver medal, an award instituted last year in the memory of Kanta Bhushan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12142095", "title": "MP education board: Space crunch hits exam centres hard", "text": "BHOPAL: With one-third of the MP education board exam centres have more examinees than the actual seating capacity, school authorities are worried as to how they will tackle the dates of high school and higher secondary examinations clash given the timings of both the exams are same.Kamla Nehru Girls' Higher Secondary School, TT Nagar, is one such centre among the 36 in Bhopal , where the combined number of examinees taking the Class X and XII exams would be more than double the actual seating capacity of the school. While the school's normal capacity is 500, on the days the exam schedules of Class X and XII fall on the same day, seating facility would have to be made for 1,130 students.A senior teacher of the school, who wished not to be named said, \"Not only are the Class X and XII exam dates are clashing on five days, the annual examinations of Class IX and XI are also held from March 15 to 16.\"On the additional arrangements being made for students for these days, she said, \"We have two halls where the cultural programmes are held. Additional seating arrangements would be made there to accommodate students.\" A Model School teacher said, \"This year not only do the Class X and XII exams have the same timings but they are also overlapping on five days, when both the high school and higher secondary classes have important exams of Maths and Information Practices respectively. The time table should have been drafted in a more sensible manner.\"Secretary MP Board of Secondary Education Kedar Sharma said, \"It would be ensured that there would be no problem during the five days. There would be adequate faculty looking after both the exams.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12139874", "title": "PMO to take call on fuel efficiency norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Prime Minister's Office will decide whether the country will have fuel efficiency standards for cars or not. After four years of wrangling and a final draft policy being prepared, the decision has been left to the PMO in view of the \"sensitivities\" involved after auto manufacturers opposed the draft and demanded severe dilution of the proposed norms.A policy to have progressive standards for car fuel mileage and labelling has been in the works for almost four years now. The power ministry's Bureau of Energy Efficiency has been heading the work. It held a public consultation with the auto industry and experts outside the government before sitting with the ministry of heavy industries and the road transport and highways ministry to finalize the draft.The policy asks for standards to be mandatory from 2015 with labelling of cars to begin immediately. The standards would force laggards in the auto industry to improve the kind of cars they sell and to improve upon technologies with time. For consumers, the policy ensures that each car is labelled and information is available in public domain to compare all existing models before a car is purchased.Car makers slam fuel efficency policyThe tussle over fuel efficiency standards for cars has been going on for four years now, with both the auto industry and the experts panning the draft policy of the government. While the auto industry wants dilution in the standards, experts say the policy is too soft on car makers.The auto industry (Siam) has blamed the condition of roads, infrastructure and fuel quality for not being more efficient and demanded that the norms should not be strictly implemented.It is also against penalties with no third party checking and wants a window to delay the standards kicking in if need be. International experts like the International Energy Agency (IEA) have pointed out that fuel quality has little to do with fuel efficiency norms and warned that the industry should not be allowed to use that as a criteria for loosening up the regulations.Experts, including the IEA, say the policy is lax on several counts. Centre for Science and Environment had also criticized the draft for requiring only a 1.28% annual improvement over 10 years in average fuel efficiency in cars, while the industry itself has clocked 2.8% improvement between 2006-07 and 2009-10 without any standards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "idlis, vadas, neer dosas, autos, the shore temple and india's eclectic people have swept into alex broun's stream of consciousness. the festival director of short+sweet, sydney - the largest ten-minute theatre festival in the world - broun has winged an extravaganza of theatrical expressions, brought to stage by bangalore's theatre groups over the past two weeks. excerpts from an interview", "code": "12139456", "title": "Bangaloreans take delight in theatre: Playwright", "text": "Idlis, vadas, neer dosas, autos, The Shore Temple and India's eclectic people have swept into Alex Broun's stream of consciousness. The festival director of Short+Sweet, Sydney - the largest ten-minute theatre festival in the world - Broun has winged an extravaganza of theatrical expressions, brought to stage by Bangalore's theatre groups over the past two weeks. Excerpts from an interview:Take us through some sweet moments during your tenure in India and Bangalore.The Short+Sweet format is about getting the best possibleperformance in a short duration. The great thing about it is that Iget to travel a lot - I've been in Malaysia , Singapore , and all over Australia, Dubai, Delhi, Mumbai, and now Bangalore.I also get the occasional day where I can experience the country. I got invited to dinner and had Mangalorean fish and roti. I also had neer dosa for the first time. When I was in Chennai earlier, I had a lot of idli and vada on plantain leaf. Six months ago, I hadn't heard about these foods, nor had I dreamt of eating off a leaf.What meets your introspective eye about India and Indians?There are amazing sides to India and its people - the vibrancy andcolour is striking. The best places I've visited so far are the Shore. Temple at Mahabalipuram, the Elephanta Caves and the Taj Mahal, whichwas a great experience. I was staying at the Theosophical Society in Chennai and found a tree named Australia. In Chennai, I noticed that people who worshipped Vishnu wore white and red lines on their foreheads. In Bangalore, I've enjoyed the auto rides and often notice pictures of Ganesha on the dashboard. I'm fascinated by the religious aspect of India - Hindus, Muslims and Christians live side by side. InAustralia, people are obsessed with materialism and feed off the external world. In India, people delve inside, reflecting spirituality.Does this introspective, spiritual attitude reflect among young Indians as well?I've been working with many young Indians at the Short+Sweet fests and have noticed that even the youngest respect their elders. In Australia, there's rebelliousness among youngsters -- here, there's real sense of family. It's difficult to be solitary in India. At Shorrt+Sweet Delhi, we had a young openly gay person performing and was greeted by the audience with respect. I find Indians very non-judgmental. Countries are moulded by their leaders. India follows Gandhi and people here are largely non-violent and tolerant. There may be bursts of intolerance too, but this is a large country comprising 1.2 billion people, and such outbursts are bound to happen sometimes. But, they ease out soon enough.What triggers the playwright in you?I draw inspiration from things that affect me. Recently, when I wason the plane from Dubai to Bangalore, the aircraft was diverted to Mumbai because of a medical emergency. A two-month old baby was sick. It died even though they tried to revive it and I saw the father carry the dead baby out of the plane. I wrote a monologue based on this tragedy. I also wrote about my day trip to Agra.What, in your understanding is drawing Indians, young and old toShort+Sweet fests across the country?In India, there's real thirst among the audience for contemporaryplays, which are told in a realistic, non-Bollywood fashion. Bangaloreans take absolute delight in theatre, delight that surpasses Delhi. There's readiness for adventure among Bangaloreans and fabulous talent in actors like Jimmy Xavier, Noella Ferraro and Sharanya Ramprakash to name a few. The talent in Mumbai surpasses anything in Australia. I take away the joy of meeting so many wonderful people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12161416", "title": "John Carter\u2019s India connection", "text": "Walt Disney's John Carter, out March 9, has a strong Indian connect. Several Indian animation artists have tirelessly worked on the visual effects for the action spectacle, crafting and enhancing jaw-dropping fight sequences and other-worldly creatures.Director Andrew Stanton reveals, \"I do know that the VFX industry is extremely strong in India now, and growing in quantity and quality. The film benefitted greatly from sub-contracted work in India.\" Industry pundits have begun comparing this film favourably against the ground-breaking Avatar by James Cameron , who himself doesn't shy away from admitting to being inspired by the character. Cameron admits, \"With Avatar, I thought, forget all these chick flicks and do a classic guys' adventure movie, like John Carter of Mars - a soldier goes to Mars.\"Speculated to be Disney's costliest film ever, the film sees the eponymous protagonist transported to Barsoom (Mars). Taylor Kitsch, who plays John Carter, says the action sequences in the film are without parallel. He says, \"We'll take you right into Mars, and hopefully you'll feel it when we're surrounded by Tharks or when we're in the gladiator arena.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12141023", "title": "10 more sewage treatment plants likely to be set up in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) has speeded up its efforts to get the Union ministry of environment &amp; forest (MoEF) clearance for construction of additional sewage treatment plants (STPs) in various parts of the city.In 2011, the water board had mooted a proposal to construct additional STPs to prevent flow of sewage into the river Musi. \"Though the existing STPs in Amberpet, Nagole, Nallacheruvu and Attapur are working, due to rapid urbanisation and additional water supply and source augmentation from river Krishna additional sewage flows are being generated in Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) area and Musi catchment area. The water board has proposed additional STPs,\" HMWS&SB; director-projects M Satyanarayana told TOI.The proposed new STPs would come up at Amberpet, Nagole, Nallacheruvu, Attapur, Hydershakote, Mir Alam, Kantlur (Hayathnagar), Fatehnagar, Quthubullapur and Nagaram (Kapra).\"The STPs will have a capacity to treat 600 million gallons a day (MLD). As the Water Board has enough land at the existing STPs, we need not bother about acquisition of land. The MEF is contemplating to clean up all polluting rivers in the country under National River Conservation Directorate (NRCD),\" the official.\"We had submitted detailed project reports (DPRs) for all the proposed STPs to NRCD in 2011, further vetting and finalisation has to happen. The cost for all the STPs has been pegged at about Rs 850 crore for the four-year project,\" he added. If the MoEF clears it, then it would be completed by 2016.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12140675", "title": "200 walk away with awards", "text": "Manpreet Kaur and Davinder Pal Singh, residents of Fateh Singh Nagar, who had brought their son to the MC flower and baby show, said, \"It would encourage my son when he would compete with the children of his age.\"Among so many kids, all the eyes were set on twins Tia and Tisha, daughters of Divya and Hitesh Maheshwari. \"My daughters are just nine-and-a-half-months old and had won third prize in a baby show organised by a playway school when they were just 7 months old,\" said Divya, a homemaker and resident of Kitchlu Nagar.Besides this, cut flowers and dhol competition also took place on Sunday. The response was great for the cut flower arrangement too.\"Though it was not on a grand level, we are happy to have won the first and second prizes in cut arrangement. In the entire city, our home garden has been declared first,\" said Brig (retd) S S Gill, a resident of Country Homes. MC commissioner M S Jaggi said, \"We received an overwhelming response from the residents as there were a total of 1,600 applications. We distributed over 200 prizes to the winners.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12149186", "title": "Cong says it will play crucial role in formation of UP government", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Monday claimed it will play a crucial role in formation of the next government in Uttar Pradesh and dismissed as personal views Union minister Beni Prasad Verma's suggestions for a tie-up with BSP.\"We will cross the bridge when we come to it. The results have not yet come... ,\" Congress leader and Union minister Rajeev Shukla told reporters on the sidelines of an All-party meeting convened by Speaker Meira Kumar ahead of the Budget session of Parliament commencing on March 12.Rejecting as \"hypothetical\" suggestions that Rahul Gandhi needed to take the blame if the party performed poorly in Uttar Pradesh, Shukla said party's performance will be \"very good\" and the results will lead to revival of the party.\"To talk about the results before they are out is hypothetical. Congress will have a crucial role in government formation (in UP),\" he said.Asked about Union minister Beni Prasad Verma's comments on supporting BSP, Shukla said, \"Those are not party's views. He must have said in his personal capacity.\"Speaking separately, Samajwadi Party leader Shailendra Kumar said that his party would form the government in UP having a 403-member assembly even if \"we get 165 seats\".\"We will get a clear majority but even if we fall short of 20-25 seats, we will get support from secular parties.... It is for the Congress to ponder over and decide,\" he said, when asked whether Congress will support it.In an obvious reference to the Congress-led UPA at the Centre, he said the SP has supported the Congress on several issues and also opposed it on some others and \"we expect the same from the secular forces\".Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12140320", "title": "780 held in storming operations in city", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Saturday arrested 780 people, including rowdies and ex-convicts, in storming operations across the city.Police said the main aim of the operation was to nab antisocial elements and those on the run from the law.A total of 780 people were arrested under the section 109 and 110 of the CrPC. This includes, 155 habitual offenders, 19 ex-convicts. Eighteen people were arrested under non-bailable warrants. During vehicle-checks, police booked 52 people for drunken driving. \"We have also strengthened night patrolling,\" said a senior police officer.The operation was ordered by city police commissioner J K Tripathy. Joint, deputy and assistant commissioners of police made sure that the operation was effective.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12141068", "title": "Track doubling work to affect train services", "text": "MANGALORE: The Southern Railway will be taking up major engineering work at Chengannur in connection with track doubling of Mavelikkara - Chengannur section from March 6 to 17. Trains are likely to be delayed on March 7 and rest of the days till the work is completed.Trains likely to be delayed on rest of the days, that is from March 7 to 17 include train no.16343 Thiruvananthapuram Central - Palakkad Town Amruta express (15 minutes), train no. 16328 Thiruvananthapuram Central - Korba express (30 minutes), train no. 16650 Thiruvananthapuram - Mangalore Parasuram express (25 minutes), train 12287 Kochuveli - Dehradhun express (20 minutes), train no. 12082 Thiruvananthapuram - Kozhikkode, Janshatabdi express (15 minutes), train no. 12624, Thiruvananthapuram - Chennai mail (35 minutes), train no. 16312, Kochuveli - Bikaner express (35 minutes), train no. 16334 Thiruvananthapuram Central - Veravel express (35 minutes); train no.16336 Nagercoil - Gandhidham express (35 minutes), train no.19259 Kochuveli - Bhavanagar express (45 minutes), train 12659 Nagercoil- Shalimar express (20 minutes), train no.16317 Kanyakumari - Jammutawi express (20 minutes), train no.12258 Kochuveli - Yesvantpur express (30minutes), train no.15905 Kanyakumari - Dibrugarh express (30 minutes), train no.12696 Thiruvananthapuram - Chennai Central express (60 minutes); train no. 16304 Thiruvananthapuram - Ernakulam Vanchinad express (30 minutes); train no. 16629 Thiruvananthapuram - Mangalore Malabar express (15 minutes), train no.16630 Mangalore - Thiruvananthapuram Malabar express (25 minutes), train no.16381 Mumbai CST- Kanyakumari express (30 minutes); train no. 12257 Yeswantpur - Kochuveli express (25 minutes); train no.12081 Kozhikode - Thiruvananthapuram Janshatabdi express (20 minutes); train no. 2288 Dehradun - Kochuveli express (10 minutes); train no.16526, Bangalore - Kanyakumari express (35 minutes); train no. 6649 Mangalore - Thiruvananthapuram Parasuram express (20 minutes); train no.17230 Hyderabad - Thiruvananthapuram Sabari express (50 minutes); train no.16318 Jammutawi - Kanyakumari express (80 minutes); train no.12201 Lokmanyatilak - Kochuveli garibrath express (30 minutes); train no.12660 Shalimar - Nagercoil express (30 minutes); train no.16301 Shoranur - Thiruvananthapuram Venad express (30 minutes); train no.12516 Guwahati - Thiruvananthapuram express (75 minutes); train no.56393 Kottayam - Kollam passenger (30 minutes); and train no.56385 Ernakulam - Kottayam passenger (20 minutes); train no. 56305 Kottayam - Kollam Passenger (10 minutes).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12140987", "title": "No bad blood between Nara, NTR families: Harikrishna", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: In what could be a calculative retreat, Telugu Desam MP and Chandrababu Naidu's estranged brother-in-law Nandamuri Harikrishna said that there are no differences between Nara and Nandamuri families in the party and everyone would strive to bring the party back to power.Speaking to reporters at Garikaparru village of Thotlavallur mandal during his whirlwind visit to Krishna district on Sunday, Harikrishna clarified that none of the Nandamuri family members was upset with the functioning of the party. \"It is not true that we (Nandamuri clan) are keeping ourselves away from the party affairs. All of us are with the party and working hard to bring the party back into power,\" he said.Conspicuously, the welcome banners and flexis did not figure pictures of another star hero from the Nandamuri family, Balakrishna. However, Harikrishna's supporters displayed Chandrababu Naidu's photos along with their leader and Junior NTR's pictures.In a fresh bid to buy peace with Naidu, Harikrishna said the party would utilise the services of his son and filmstar Junior NTR as and when required. He, however, took potshots at the failure of the party leadership in taking the party programmes to the masses effectively. \"The current generation does not seem to be aware of the programmes taken up by late N T Ramarao for the welfare of the poor and downtrodden. This is why the Congress party could take over the reins of the state,\" he said, implying that ignoring late NTR was the reason for the party's debacle at the last elections.Harikrishna said his father had done a lot for the welfare of the farming sector and created a boom in the rural economy. \"Unfortunately, farmers are in dire straits due to the inconsistent policies of the Congress government,\" he remarked. He said that all of his family members would work for the betterment of the party till their last breath as the party was founded by his father.It is not true that we (the Nandamuri clan) are keeping ourselves away from party affairs. All of us are with the party and working hard to bring TDP back to power", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "12140911", "title": "Fishermen's killing: Valentine's family refuses to meet Italian minister", "text": "KOLLAM: Italian deputy foreign minister Staffan de Mistura's efforts to meet the family of Justine Valentine, one of the two fishermen shot dead by the security detail on board the Enrica Lexia, failed on the second consecutive day. His plan to meet them during the Holy Mass at Infant Jesus Cathedral at Thankassery here failed after the family refused to meet him. The police had earlier cited security reasons to discourage the minister from meeting the family.Justine's family said they had decided against meeting the minister after consulting the church and relatives. They expressed fear that the meeting would be counterproductive. \"We fear that we will be denied justice if the meeting took place,\" Derrick, Justine's son said.Meanwhile, de Mistura said he was disappointed with not meeting the family. Extending the condolence of Italians, he said people back home understood the family's feelings.He said the arrested marines gave positive report on the conduct of the local police. Referring to the Kerala high court's pending verdict on an appeal filed by the Italian government seeking to quash the FIR, the minister expressed full faith in the Indian judiciary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144280", "title": "I want to prove myself as a versatile actor: Amy Jackson", "text": "Newbie actress Amy Jackson spills the beans on what really makes her blushThe actress, who has been in Bollywood for just about six months, has already made it to the Times Most Desirable list. Ask her how it feels to be amongst the top 50 most desired females in a country of billions and she says, \"It is very flattering. It makes me blush! I have only been here for six months. And to be 18 years of age and be amongst the most desirable, it is amazing.\"Amy, who will be seen in a Tamil and a Telegu movie next, says, \"I am learning the languages. Hindi is easier than Tamil and Telegu. The only change I feel between the two indutries (Bollywood and Tollywood) is the change in the cities; they are drastically different.\"Before leaving, she says, \"I am looking forward to watching Saif Ali Khan's Agent Vinod .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12174444", "title": "Assembly election results would have no bearing on UPA govt: Sonia Gandhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Wedneday ruled out any \"damage\" to the UPA government in the wake of electoral outcomes in which, she said, wrong choice of candidates and weak organisation in UP played a role in the party's dismal performance.She said price rise could have been a factor for the party's poor performance in the elections and declared that the Congress has to \"pull up its socks\" for the coming battles in Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh and Karnataka.Appearing before the media a day after the party's dismal showing in assembly elections in UP, Punjab and Goa, Sonia Gandhi said a meeting of all the leaders, including from the states, will be called to analyse the reasons.\"Every election is a lesson for us, whether we win or lose, there is a lesson for us,\" Gandhi said.Asked about the reasons that could have impacted the party's performance, she said in UP, weak organisational structure and wrong choice of candidates could have been the factors.Queried whether there was lack of leadership, she responded, \"I would say rather than lack of leadership, (there are) too many leaders... That is our problem.\"Sonia Gandhi acknowledged inflation could have been factor for Congress' poor performance.On the party's performance in Amethi and Rae Bareli, Gandhi said, \"There have been such defeats earlier.\"People were not happy with the sitting MLAs... the new candidates won,\" she said.The Congress President said that the party organisation was weak in Uttar Pradesh. \"There was disenchantment with the BSP and the SP was the alternative,\" she said.Gandhi said every election was a lesson and the party \"will sit down, review the results and work out a plan to correct the mistakes we have made.\"On Uttarakhand, Gandhi said the Congress had the numbers and the party should be called to form the government.She said the party had hoped to form a government in Punjab but could not due to damage done the Punjab People's Party (PPP), floated by Akali Dal rebel Manpreet Singh Badal.\"The PPP damaged us in 23 seats,\" she said.Gandhi said many voters were unhappy with the party in Goa and, therefore \"they voted against us\".Asked whether corruption was an issue in the elections, she claimed that the Congress was the only party fighting against corruption.\"We passed the Lokpal bill in Lok Sabha...But who blocked it in the Rajya Sabha?\" she asked.Sonia Gandhi also ruled out change of Prime Minister, saying the \"question does not arise\". Asked who will be Congress' PM candidate in 2014, she was evasive, saying, \"This is 2012\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12139900", "title": "VIP road dug up a month after tar work", "text": "NAGPUR: Is Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) engaged in utilization of the public money for providing civic amenities or just to misuse it? The question arises due to utter wastage of public money. The stretch of VIP road between Bhole Petrol Pump square and Alankar square was tarred in January for Rs40 lakh. Within a month, the road has been dug up for water pipeline work.As per details from NMC, the public works department (PWD) of NMC had planned to undertake asphalting of the road admeasuring 18 meter in width between Bhole petrol pump square and Alankar square in September. Later, tenders were floated in November and work order was awarded in December to a private contractor. Accordingly, the tar work was done towards end of January.The entire cost of the work comes to around Rs40 lakh. With this, it is clear that the planning of road work was done before four months of executing the work.The other department of the NMC itself- JNNURM Cell has undertaken work on new water pipeline laid under beneath the VIP road between Bhole petrol pump and Dharampeth Y-point for last few days.For the work, the road has been dug up on seven spots damaging the entire stretch on one side of the road towards Dik Hospital. As a result, the tar work has been destroyed causing loss in lakhs. It sets a fine example of misuse of public money. Besides, the citizens who pay the taxes in various ways will now have to face the sudden bad patches on the road for a long time.Deputy divisional engineer SS Pillai and sectional engineer GD Mendhulkar from Dharampeth Zone told TOI, no application or information was given to them for digging the road.\"Plans of such major works on the road are submitted with the office of executive engineer (projects) situated at head office. If they had prior information, the tar work would have been done later,\" they said.Meanwhile, executive engineer (projects) Ramesh Hotwani denied getting details of the work in his office. \"I am no where concerned with road works and look after asphalting works directly done by NMC and hot mix plant,\" he said. However, municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal and the officials from Pench Cell were not available for their comments despite regular calls.As per official sources, inferior quality of the road works, craters on the roads and financial losses are due to lack of co-ordination between the officials of PWD and their negligence. There is no co-ordination between the chief engineer and executive engineers.Besides, the PWD do not come under the jurisdiction of any one of the deputy municipal commissioners like other departments. \"Taking undue advantage of this, the junior and assistant engineers at zone-level never visit the sites during the execution of the tarring work. Unfortunately, the files are too moved from the zone to head office and then within few departments by the contractors themselves,\" said the sources. It will be interesting to see whether this incident may correct the entire system to ensure proper roads in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12140368", "title": "City gets new collector in reshuffle", "text": "CHENNAI: In a reshuffle of bureaucrats, the state government on Sunday appointed S Jayandhi as the collector of Chennai district and transferred eight other officials.Jayandhi, the chief executive, Perambalur Sugar Mills, will replace district revenue officer K A Anamalai who had been holding the additional charge of Chennai collector. The last four officers who occupied the post were women.S Madhumathi, formerly collector of Chennai, has been posted as commissioner of Thoothukudi Corporation, a government release said.Jayandhi, a 2001 batch state officer, elevated as an IAS officer just last month, started her career in Thiruvannamalai district as a trainee. She had served as revenue divisional officer in Madhuranthakam in Kancheepuram district. She also served in Vellore and Cuddalore districts as district supplies officer and district revenue officer, respectively. She was also a joint commissioner in prohibition and excise departments. In October 2011, she was posted to Perambalur Sugar Mills. Jayandhi completed her Masters in Agriculture in Coimbatore Agriculture University. She is also an MBA in Finance.In other appointments, Dev Raj Dev on repatriation to the state cadre has been posted as secretary, state human rights commission, while M Jayaraman has been posted as joint commissioner, revenue administration. He has faced more than three transfers in the past eight months.The Chennai Corporation has also got two new officials. V Kalaiarasi, special district revenue officer, Salem, is posted as regional deputy commissioner (Central), the order from the chief secretary said. Similarly, V Mohanraj, special officer, Thirupattur Cooperative Sugar Mills, is posted as regional deputy commissioner (South).Chief administrative officer (market management committee) of Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority, P Senthilkumar has been transferred and posted as additional director of Sugar Mills. Similarly, Tamil Nadu Warehousing Corporation general manager G Govindaraj has been transferred and posted as additional director of rural development and panchayat raj.C Manoharan, senior regional manager Tamil Nadu civil supplies corporation, has been posted as additional registrar of cooperative societies.P Shankar, director of Information and Public Relations (I&B;), is posted to act as director of I&B; in the IAS cadre post. He will also be the ex-officio deputy secretary to government, Tamil development, religious endowments and information department.S Jayandhi, a 2001 batch state officer, elevated as an IAS officer just last month, started her career in Thiruvannamalai district as a trainee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144490", "title": "Jai is not Vijay's brother!", "text": "There have been reports flying around that actor Jai, who starred in A R Murugadoss's maiden production venture, was part of Thuppakki. According to stories, he was playing Ilayathalapthy Vijay's brother in the film.It is said that it's a small role. Vijay plays an encounter specialist and the story was that Jai would get shot by the bad guys early on in the film.However, director A R Murugadoss put aside these rumours. He got on to Twitter and tweeted, \"\" Jai is not acting in THUPPAKKI There is no brother role in the film.!\"\". Jai had acted in the director's first production 'Engeyum Epodhum' which went on to become a big hit. He has remained tight-lipped about the Vijay film for which they are currently shooting in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144120", "title": "Roshini Walia in Deeparaj's next", "text": "The famous child artist from Allahabad who shot to fame after bagging a key role in the movie 'My Friend Ganesha - 4', Roshini Walia, has got another break.She is now playing another key role in actor-producer Deepraj Rana's next untitled horror movie, shooting for which is all set to commence from the 9 th of March in Jabalpur. \"We are very excited to see that Roshini has been short listed for her second movie in such a short span of time,\" avers the mother of the girl, Sweety Walia, who will also be accompanying this child actor during the shooting, adding, \"We have been asked to reach the venue by the 8 th of March, while the shooting will commence from the 9 th of this month.\"This is the same untitled horror movie, shooting for which was earlier scheduled to happen at the sangam city but due to infrastructural hazards was cancelled. The team later decided to do the shooting in some parts of Bhopal and Jabalpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144798", "title": "Chhavi Mittal is passionate about watches", "text": "It is well said that time is money and money is time! Pretty actress Chhavi Mittal who is anchoring the show Chhote Miyan on Colors believes in the above phrase a lot.It's not just about Chhavi being particular about time, but she loves to purchase various kinds of wrist watches. Chhavi elaborates, \"\"I am very passionate about watches. I keep purchasing watches every now and then. Whenever I get the time I make sure to sneak into a shop and buy some new watch.\"\"Chhavi has the best brands of watches in her collection; few are gifted by her hubby too. \"\"My husband Mohit too is fascinated with watches like me. We both like to gift each other watches on every special occasion. Next on my wish list is a Cartier,\"\" she smiles.Well, wait and watch Chhavi, it's just a matter of time!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12139764", "title": "Cabinet gives nod to dissolution of house", "text": "LUCKNOW: As all exits polls predicted hung assembly in Uttar Pradesh with the Samajwadi Party (SP) emerging as the single-largest party, UP chief minister and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo Mayawati got her cabinet pass the resolution of dissolving the state assembly late on Sunday evening.As per tradition, resolution to dissolve the assembly is passed after declaration of election results and handed over to the governor along with the resignation of the cabinet and chief minister to make way for constitution of new assembly. The assembly stands dissolved only after approval and notification of the governor. But Mayawati got the resolution approved two days before the counting of votes. Sources in governor house said that so far Raj Bhawan had not received any resolution from the state government.Also, no official communication was released by the state government to the press in this regard. However, the news triggered speculations about the political motive behind the move because Mayawati is known for delivering surprises. Some said that in case of fractured mandate, governor may ask Mayawati to continue till a government is formed. However, another view was that in case of hung assembly when nobody is a position to form the government, normally President's Rule is imposed.When contacted, some senior officers in the government said that the chief minister apparently got the resolution to dissolve the state assembly approved in advance because most of the cabinet ministers will be busy in their respective constituencies on March 6, when counting of votes will be done. The UP cabinet approved the resolution through circulation which means, no formal meeting was called on the issue, instead the document was circulated among cabinet ministers for their signatures.Meanwhile, BSP state president and cabinet minister Swami Prasad Maurya rubbished all exit poll results and exuded confidence that the BSP would be voted back to power. \"BSP is better than both SP and Congress,\" he said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12139621", "title": "Deadline frenzy: 100 projects inaugurated", "text": "NEW DELHI: The North corporation will be able to break even after the MCD trifurcation if it fully utilizes resources like the major wholesale markets and municipal assets under its jurisdiction. Unlike the South corporation, it cannot bank on property tax for revenue, as the collection from the areas under it makes up for less than 30% of MCD's total collection. But with MCD Civic Centre and Town Hall falling under the North corporation, there is scope for generating good revenue.Despite all the major markets like Chandni Chowk, Sadar Bazar and Paharganj as well as major industrial areas, including Bawana, being a part of the North, the revenue generation from these areas is negligible. Resources in the form of more than six lakh traders and thousands of factories are vastly untapped. Chandni Chowk alone has more than 2.5 lakh traders, but only 7600 are registered with the MCD. \"The civic agency is not bothered about boosting its revenue. The revenue from trade licensing will increase manifold if MCD registers all traders. The new corporation should aim at regularizing commercial activities,\" said Sanjay Bhargava, general secretary, Chandni Chowk Sarv Vyapar Mandal.With several unauthorized colonies, limited plotted areas and around 30 rural wards under its jurisdiction, sources say, the North corporation will have to initially depend on the Delhi government for development work. The biggest challenge before the corporation is development of special areas like the Walled City, Sadar Paharganj and Karol Bagh. \"Even if the special area redevelopment project is approved, the corporation will not be able to implement it owing to financial constraints. Other ongoing projects will also be affected,\" said a senior MCD official. The corporation has areas like Narela, Civil Lines, Rohini, Karol Bagh, Walled City, Sadar Paharganj, parts of west Delhi, and Najafgarh.\"With proper planning and effective utilization of assets, such as Civic Centre, Town Hall and the scientific landfill site at Bawana, the corporation can be on a par with the South corporation in terms of revenue generation. The landfill site at Bawana will become fully operational in a few months. The corporation can charge other agencies for waste disposal. There are several MCD buildings which can be given on rent,\" said a MCD official.Areas like Rohini and Narela offer scope for planned development. \"If the corporation doesn't use its land to generate revenue, it may not be able to sustain itself for long. It also needs to bring more properties in its tax net,\" said V P Pandey, BJP councillor.Areas under the new corporation could also not benefit from Commonwealth Games projects. \"No major project was taken up here during the Games. The infrastructure was upgraded mainly in the east and the south, with the exception of the Chhatrasal Stadium in Model town,\" said Jagdish Mamgain, chairman, works committee, MCD.As for political parties, the BJP and the Congress are likely to have a tough fight for control of the North. There is a predominance of Punjabis, baniyas, Muslims and scheduled castes in areas under it. In the new set-up, of the 104 wards, 20 areas are reserved for SC. The political scene will witness a sea change after the split.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12140312", "title": "Insurance Ombudsman comes to rescue of senior citizen", "text": "MUMBAI: An Insurance Ombudsman came to the rescue of a senior citizen recently when it rapped an insurance firm that refused a mediclaim on technical grounds. The ombudsman said companies cannot deny claims only on technical grounds of late submission and viewed seriously \"the lackadaisical attitude of the New India Assurance Company Limited\" for its failure to even appear before it for a hearing. The ombudsman, S Vishwanathan, directed immediate payment of nearly the entire claimed amount.Few consumers approach an Insurance Ombudsman and fewer know that insurance firms cannot appeal against his decision. For Suresh Basrur (75), a former bank official, the ombudsman seemed to wave a magic wand as he received his final cheque this week.The verdict is for all those whose claims get rejected on mere delays and technical hitches. Basrur was covered for Rs 1 lakh and had claimed Rs 60,000 after undergoing surgical treatment for kidney stone in 2010 that required him to be hospitalized thrice. When he staked his claim, the insurance agent raised technical objections about delay and viewed each treatment independent of the other. Experts say often people find themselves dealing with technical objections raised by third party administrators and end up approaching a consumer forum where decisions can take time and either side can challenge it.Basrur's brother Vijayanand, a senior retired bank officer, took the issue before the ombudsman at Santa Cruz .Basrur had been admitted to a Dadar hospital in March 2010 for a surgery. He was discharged a day later and advised bed rest for a week. Once again, on the second admission, he was advised bed rest and the surgery was finally done in April. Both times, he informed the insurance firm of the developments. After the final discharge, he filed for his claim within the mandatory 30 days. The firm did not honour the claim for the first two hospitalizations. Vijayanand pointed out that the treatment was a \"single continuous one\" as certified by the surgeon, too.The ombudsman, required to schedule only one joint hearing, called both sides for a personal hearing in January. He gave two notices to New India Assurance but observed that \"the company has neither bothered sending written statement nor made any arrangement to defend its stand with a personal representation\". After going through all documents, Vishwanathan held that \"unless the veracity of the claim is questionable, the claims should not be denied\". He found the claim was denied only on grounds of \"delay\" and directed the firm to pay all expenses, deducting only excess room charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12141829", "title": "Legal order", "text": "The purpose of judicial education is to make sure that justice is delivered on time. Besides, it helps to create solutions for strengthening the administration of justice. However, there are several issues that act as deterrents in the area of judicial education and need to be addressed.In order to identify and discuss these issues and find solutions, the National Judicial Academy (NJA), Bhopal, will be organising a national conference of state Judicial Academies on key issues and challenges in judicial education from March 23 to 25. The conference will be focusing on issues of developing content and curricula for judicial education.According to Sheena Shukkur, assistant professor, NJA, the need for a new approach to goals, scope and content of judicial education has been the subject matter of extensive deliberations at the regular national conferences of state Judicial Academies at NJA. An important challenge in this regard, adds Shukkur, is to identify the common core content of minimum legal knowledge, skills, qualities and attitudes that every Indian judge should have.\"The state Judicial Academies should have a core curriculum - targeted at different layers of judicial functions - for the training of judges that will ensure that this core minimum knowledge, skills, attitudes and qualities will be imparted,\" she says. Also, there are three major issues that need to be addressed urgently. Elaborating, Shukkur says, first, Constitutional values of justice have to be inculcated among judges; poor people should have better access to courts and finally, the rights of people should be protected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12143350", "title": "Govt proposes agency to monitor internet traffic", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Government is mulling setting up of a National Cyber Coordination Centre (NCCC) for assessing cyber security threat on a real time basis and monitoring of internet traffic.Recently a high-level meeting was called at the National Security Council Secretariat (NSCS) during which establishment of NCCC was deliberated upon.The meeting, which was attended by officers from the IB, RAW, DRDO, Home Ministry and Army, was given a presentation of the proposal for NCCC and other cyber security related issues.\"Establishment of a multi-agency NCCC for real time assessment of cyber security threat in the country and generation of an actionable report or alerts for proactive actions...,\" was the purpose according to minutes of the meeting.\"The NCCC would scan traffic within the country, flowing at the point of entry and exit, including international gateway,\" the meeting was informed.The proposed NCCC would be the first layer for threat monitoring and all communication with government and private service providers would be through this body only.\"NCCC would be in virtual contact with the Control room of Internet service providers,\" the meeting was told.The manpower required for the proposed NCCC would be finalised by NSCS on a fast-track basis, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12142055", "title": "BJP removes Dhurv Narayan Singh\u2019s posters", "text": "BHOPAL: The BJP has removed banners, hoardings and posters of its legislator Dhurv Narayan Singh after the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) questioned him in connection with RTI activist Shehla Masood's murder. Singh's hoardings were put up across Bhopal as part of the BJP's Vikas Yatra recently.Experts say the party may officially support him, but the removal of his posters reveals that the BJP has started distancing itself from him. The suspected love triangle involving him and Shehla that led to her killing has dented the party's image in Madhya Pradesh, where it is confident of returning to power for the third time.Sources said Singh's future looks bleak. The party has assessed his importance for the BJP and that it feels his ouster would not hurt the party. \"He comes from a family with strong Congress connections. His father was a Congressman. But Singh has been with the BJP for the past 20 years. Apart from this, his being in the BJP or otherwise makes no major impact for the party,'' a senior BJP leader said.The leader said the party does not believe in abandoning a party worker and that is the why the BJP will officially support Singh for now. `\"Since the CBI is investigating the case, we cannot take action immediately as that would reflect poorly on us. Any action now would seem like the party is acting on the impulse. But Singh will find it tough to get a ticket for the 2013 elections. When the BJP can take stern action against a veteran RSS man like Raghunandan Sharma for a mere statement, on what account will it let Singh go scot-free,'' he said.Another leader and former chief minister Sundarlal Patwa said,\"His name figuring in the murder case does not work in the party's advantage. But the fault lies with the person and not the party. But we have decided to stand together with him in his troubled times.''Senior BJP leader Sushma Swaraj too defended Singh, saying he is not guilty till proved so in a court of law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12140356", "title": "Experiences, questions pop up at adoption meet in city", "text": "CHENNAI: If you try hard enough, the whole universe conspires to get it done for you, said S Anitha at a meeting for parents who adopted children. Anitha adopted a baby girl in 2010 from Orissa.The meeting organised by SuDatta Adoption on Sunday was a forum for parents of adopted children to share their experiences so that parents who are considering adoption could get an idea about the process.\"There were so many questions that I had before adopting. Society's acceptance of the child was one of them,\" said J Ranjani, who has a 22-year-old adopted. \"I think it's not about society's receptiveness. Actually, it is our own lack of confidence that is the problem,\" she said.For some parents, the romance of adoption has been taken away. \"I realized that adoption is not a social service. You are not saving a child's life. It is a challenge and purely a parenting one,\" said R Nirmala, another parent.V Arun, a teacher, who has adopted a girl but was not present at the meeting, said, \"Idealism does play a part, but that is not enough. You need to have genuine affection because it's an everyday affair,\" he said.S Shankar, one of the conveners of the meeting and the founder of SuDatta Adoption Support Group, said, \"Parents who adopt need to go through parenting courses to delink the problems of parenting and adoption. It is very easy for society to link any problem that the child has to adoption. The parents need to be equipped for that,\" he said.While the parents were discussing these questions, the children who were adopted didn't understand what the fuss was all about. \"I'm curious to meet my biological parents. I want to know why they left me. But it's nothing more than curiosity,\" said S Vishal, son of Shankar.I think it's not about society's receptiveness. Actually, it is our own lack of confidence that is the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12140461", "title": "Power shutdown tomorrow", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be disrupted in the following areas on Tuesday from 9am to 5pm.Velachery: Vijaya Nagar, VGP Selva Nagar, 100 Feet Bypass Rd, Kamarajarpuram Lakhsmi Nagar, Murugu Nagar, Dhandeeswaram, Rajalakshmi Nagar, Rajendra Nagar, Velachery Main Rd, Sarathi Nagar, Seethapathi Nagar, Baby Nagar, Tansi Nagar, Tharamani, Tharamani Bypass Rd, Lakshmipuram, Throupathi Amman Koil St, Madipakkam, Pallikaranai, Vanuvampet, Adambakkam.Sowcarpet West: Ramanujam St, Vinayaga Muthali St, Thambinayakan St, Muniyappa St, Kothaval Chavadi, Errabalu St, Mannady, Wall Tax Rd, Wood Warf St, Amman Koil St, Telegraph Abbai St, North Wall Rd, Annapillai St, Palliappan St, Mullaha Sahib St, Perumal Mudhali St, Narayana Mudhali St, Muthaiah St, Godown St, Govindhappa St, Mint St, Thulasingam St, Periya Naicken St, Chinna Naicken St, NSC Bose Rd, General Muthaiah St, TV Basin St, PKG Area, Thandavarayan St, Arunachalam St, Thirupalli St, KN Tank Rd, Petha Naicken St, Iron Manga St, Kalyanapuram Housing Board, Walltax Rd, Jatkapuram, Kanthappa St, Murukappa St, NSC Bose Rd, Ela Kanthappa St, Edayapalayam, Ponnappan St, Vengatrayan St, Ramanan Rd, Audhiyappa St, Vaikunda Vaithiyar St, Kalathipillai St, Irulappan St, Elephant Gate St, Chandrappa St, Ayya Mudhali St, Basin Water Works St, Kalyanapuram.Pallikarani: Anand Nagar, Vinayaga Nagar, MCN Nagar, Industrial Rd, Selvaganapathy Avenue, Selva Vinayagar Avenue, Sai Nagar, Post Office St, Pillaiyar Koil St, Foundry Rd, 200-Feet Rd, part of OM Rd in TPKM area, Panchayath Rd, Ramappa Nagar, Thirumalai Nagar, CBI Colony, Elim Nagar in Perungudi, Oil Mill, Varadharajapuram, High School, Velachery Main Rd, Ambal Nagar, Ganapathypuram, Citibabu Nagar.Ambattur Industrial Estate: South Phase, Mogappair industrial estate, Vellala St, Ambattur Indl. Estate I &amp; II Main Rd, Southern Avenue Rd, Reddy St, South Reddy St, Kavarai St, Munusamy St, SSOA complex, Kalyani Estate, Natesan Street.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12140505", "title": "Panchavati Express passengers want pantry car back", "text": "NASHIK: Travelling to and from Mumbai by the Panchavati Express may have become a bit more convenient with the addition of a 21st coach, but daily passengers are eagerly awaiting the reintroduction of a pantry car.The railways have added four coaches to the express over the past five months, the latest being on Friday, but passengers are longing more for the pantry car.The Panchavati Express is the only train in the morning that connects office-goers and businessmen from Nashik to Mumbai and brings them back home at night. With the increase in passengers travelling between the two cities, the need for additional coaches was badly felt. The addition of the coach was pending for long, Bipin Gandhi of the Rail Parishad said, adding that facilities for passengers travelling between Nashik and Mumbai should be upgraded. Manohar Patil, the District Railway Passengers' Association chief, who is also a member of the divisional railway committee, said the passengers have been demanding the coach's addition since long. \"The train, which has no alternative, is bound to attract more passengers. An additional coach is welcome. Moreover, what the daily commuters want is a pantry car. Fifty per cent travellers of the train are daily commuters. As they leave home early, the pantry car can offer a good alternative for a good breakfast. If the pantry car is attached, it will only add to the passengers' convenience, rather than be a luxury,\" Patil said.Sandesh Kale, a daily commuter, was surprised why the Panchavati Express has no pantry car, while the Deccan Queen, between Mumbai and Pune, has one. The pantry car was taken off when Lalu Prasad was Union railways minister. \"It was removed to accommodate more passengers. But the car is back with the Deccan Queen, so why not for the Panchavati?\" Kale said.Patil said he will take up the issue with the divisional railway office in Bhusawal and officials in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12141767", "title": "Did you choose the insurance you have?", "text": "Buying a car? Your dealer will choose your auto insurer. Going on a holiday ? The price includes the cost of travel insurance. For several years now, Indians have been sold insurance bundled with other products or services. Even home loan customers are sometimes forced to take a loan protection term cover.But the insurance regulator is not happy with this combo selling. In a discussion paper released this month, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has expressed concerns that this bundling forces consumers to buy products they don't want and allows dealers to push policies that earn them better commissions even though they might not suit the buyer.\"The lack of transparency in such products has got Irda worried about these policies,\" says Akshay Mehrotra, chief marketing officer, Policybazaar.com. When the insurance cover is clubbed with another good or service, the buyer doesn't get to know how much he has paid for the insurance. Be it the charges of the cover or the features of the policy, it is difficult for a buyer to know if he's getting his money's worth. Deepak Yohannan, CEO of Myinsuranceclub.com gives the example of car insurance that comes with a new car. \"Many dealers offer the first year's insurance for free or for just one rupee. But this is not true and the cost of the insurance is actually built into the car price. So, you don't know if you are paying the correct price,\" he says.Does the customer know?The transparency of charges is not the only thing that has Irda frowning over these bundled covers. \"The regulator is also concerned that when one cover is bundled with another good or service, people may not understand the policy that they have bought,\" says Sanjay Datta, head of underwriting and claims, ICICI Lombard General Insurance.Take the health covers that come bundled with credit cards. \"Though people think that they are covered for hospitalisation, most such covers are only protection against loss of income due to hospitalisation. So while you would pay almost as much as any proper health cover, you get only a fraction of the protection,\" says MehrotraForced sellingForced selling is another concern raised by the insurance regulator. When a dealer has an upper hand in providing you a particular good or service, he can also force you to buy insurance from a certain company. This is particularly true of tour operators who bundle travel insurance in the total cost of the package. \"With a bundled cover, there is no opportunity to compare a policy with other options available in the market. So, you do not get a chance to select the best insurance offer,\" says Yohannan. \"Nobody has the right to force customers to buy certain plans,\" he adds.Confusing the buyerThe practice of highlighting the insurance cover to sell other products has also come under the scanner. Some mutual funds are offering life insurance if you continue your SIPs in select funds for the agreed tenure. However, Irda is not happy that the fund houses are putting too much stress on the insurance component. Insurance is only a fringe benefit while the core product is the SIP in the mutual fund. By harping too much on life insurance, they will confuse the investor and make it difficult for him to differentiate between the core and the incidental product.Yohannan believes that bundled policies are also not good for the insurance industry. When there is a distribution nexus between the insurance companies and dealers, the company may agree to accept all damage claims. \"So while the dealer benefits with car repairs, the insurance company would actually bleed. The industry is already bleeding and I don't see why they would want to continue with such practices. Maybe this is why the regulator is looking to curb these policies,\" he says.However, Mehrotra points out that not all bundled covers are unsuitable, and hence it would not be advisable to completely abolish such plans. \"Some bundled covers like term plans with critical illness covers or travel insurance with tickets are quite good. So, Irda must segregate the good from the bad and come up with more stringent regulations,\" he says. As Datta says, \"These insurance covers are not bad per se. Irda is only concerned about the way they are distributed.\"Irda needs to ensure two basic things. The first is transparency in these covers. Secondly, it should not be mandatory to purchase these covers. The regulator has asked for comments on the discussion paper till 15 March before it takes a final decision on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12140703", "title": "Congress may focus on 2014 while picking Uttarakhand CM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress is likely to decide the chief minister of Uttarakhand based on who can consolidate its gains for the 2014 battle, with exit polls setting off a brainstorming over the future state leadership.While Congress expects a comfortable tally in the assembly polls, the party is beset with lobbying from warring groups, each peddling its own USP from caste to gender to region.Congress, however, is likely to focus on the big picture, keen as it is to balance local compulsions with its national concerns. \"We won all five seats in the Lok Sabha. But in 2014, we are already looking at losses in key states and will have to save every possible seat. That will be a big factor in deciding who should lead Uttarakhand,\" a key party leader said.While Congress has contenders like its three MPs (Vijay Bahuguna from Tehri, Satpal Maharaj from Pauri and Harish Rawat from Haridwar) and state leaders like Indira Hridyesh and state unit chief Yashpal Arya and leader of opposition Harak Singh Rawat, informed insiders said the leadership may have looked to project Harish Rawat for the top state job by making him the only minister at the Centre.The need to balance local and national concerns, with 2014 in focus, is set to intensify lobbying in a post-win scenario on Tuesday. Sources said it would be a huge task to placate rival camps, which are daggers drawn most of the time, and to whom the leadership stressed the importance of unity in the run-up to polls.The tough job of picking a leader, despite the tiny size of the state, stems from its geographical diversity and social heterogeneity, all of which miraculously fell in place for Congress to sweep the state in Lok Sabha polls.The state is divided into Garhwal, Kumaon and plains and there is no leader who transcends the divide in acceptability stakes after the retirement of N D Tiwari.There was a serious dearth of a 'star campaigner' during campaigning when most leaders, barring Harish Rawat, were tied to their local seats. Insiders said Rawat could do it because while being from Kumaon, he has managed to cultivate Haridwar as his turf after winning in 2009. He also has a following in the Garhwal region.Sources said the post-poll scenario, even if the party wins, would not be easy since BJP too would be working with 2014 in mind. BJP's aggressive charge with B C Khanduri as mascot in these polls is likely to see it continue the pressure on Congress even if it loses the assembly polls.A stumble can aggravate the situation for future since beside BJP, BSP remains a formidable force in the plains with the backing of dalit and Muslim population in Haridwar, Roorkee and Uddhamsingh Nagar.A senior UPA minister said the need was for an able administrator and organizational manager. \"What we need is a leader who can manage both the government and party,\" he added.Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12139563", "title": "Books, stores and art of staying in business", "text": "Flipping through crisp new pages and smelling the fine print when no one is looking, is part of the sensual act of buying a book. Some like books toppling off the shelves, the way they did at Premier Book Store on Church Street, others prefer the vast expanse at Crossword on Residency Road.Today, Premier is gone and so is Crossword. As Sapna takes over Crossword's physical space, the winning mantra for survival indicates direct involvement by the owners. ''Sapna was started by our father Suresh C Shah in 1967, with the objective of educating the world,'' says Paresh Shah, COO, Sapna. ''It also gave us bothers - Nitin, Deepak and I - a platform to grow. Family businesses like ours have some advantages over others - mainly a dedicated pool of people ready to stand behind your effort. And, it's working well for us!\"Sapna plunged into the heart of the city on Residency Road, making it the brand's 8th store with a total space of 2,00,000 sqft. With this move, Sapna establishes itself as a retail book chain. ''Our USP is the fact that the company is extremely adaptive to the economics of the market. We were only into books to begin with, but today, we have moved into other product categories. We are getting ready for the future by pumping funds into our e-segment and publishing wing too,'' confirms Shah.Sankar's - The Book People, too, is slotted to open a new branch in the city. ''This will be modelled on similar lines as our earlier store on Museum Road,'' says Vivek Sankaran, director, Sankar's. ''Adapting to the changed circumstances, this store will be done up more out of our passion for books than out of commercial interest. Only a family-owned business can take the liberty of doing so,'' he adds.In fact, with family-owned brands, personalization makes all the difference. ''That's why each of our stores carries a unique identity, giving family-owned brands an upper hand over retail chains,'' explains Sankaran.The ground reality is that in the book industry, just like any other business, realizing your strengths and limitations and moving forward by building on your strengths is the name of the game. ''However, the similarities end there. Bookstores are all about merchandising and customer service. This is the heart and soul of what we do. Books, being the singular category that it is, we do ensure, ahead of a release, that we follow up on every minute detail with the publishers. On an average, we interact with publishers up to six months before the launch of a book,'' indicates Sankaran.Like Sankaran, Vidya Virkar, owner, Strand Book Stall, understands that the book is a cultural product. ''It is not a commodity against which one makes huge profits. Therefore, right from the beginning, large retail book chains were not the way to sell this delicate cultural product,''explains Vidya, adding, ''The underlying point is that Indians love human interaction.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12140619", "title": "Kochi gears up for festival of colours", "text": "KOCHI: The festival of colours will light up Kochi's cultural side with colleges, residential communities and Naval base all gearing up for festivities on March 8. Kochi will be proud of its multicultural hub Mattancherry where Konkanis and Gujaratis, in their own unique way, will make it a visual feast for foreigners and natives alike.For Gouda Saraswat Brahmins (GSBs), Holi goes by the name 'Ukkul'i in Konkani or 'Manjal Kuli' in Malayalam. \"This form of Holi is not related to the legend of Holi in north India. It falls on March 11 and that too on a Sunday,\" said Dinesh R Shenoy, a Mattancherry-based Konkani.\"Konkanis in Mattancherry celebrate it in a unique way. An effigy made of dry straw representing Bodhan (Kama Dev, the God of lust) is paraded through the streets and later burned near the temple grounds. Turmeric water is sprayed on the devotees symbolizing a sort of community cleansing,\" said Balakrishna Mallya, a Konkani poet.It's a tad different for the Gujaratis. \"Actually Holi is a two day festival. On the eve of March 7 and on March 8, Marwaris throng the community temples of Ram and Krishna Temple is filled with Vaishnav Gujarati devotees,\" said Smitha Arun Joshi, a Mattancherry resident.She said she will visit Laxmi Bazar in Mattancherry to buy colours, which have been brought from cities like Mumbai, Ahmedabad and Jaipur. \"A huge fire will be lighted at the temple grounds. People will circle and dance around it, symbolizing victory of good over evil,\" said Smitha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12140507", "title": "Van, two bikes stolen in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: A Maruti van worth Rs 80,000 was stolen, according to a complaint by Milind Pawar from Gaikwad Mala, Rajdhani Chowk. It was stolen between 10.30pm and 11pm on February 18, when parked in front of his house, the complaint registered at the Upnagar police station said. A Hero Honda worth Rs 30,000 was stolen from the Ambad branch of State Bank of India between 12.45pm and 1.15pm on Saturday. Sachin Ghayawat registered a complaint with the Ambad police.A Bajaj Pulsar worth Rs 16,000 was reported stolen from Adgaon. Satish Tandale, in a complaint lodged on Saturday, said he had parked his vehicle at Vijay Laxmi Lawns on Aurangabad Road on February 11, when it was stolen at 8pm. The Adgaon police are investigating the case.Burglary: A burglary of Rs 34,200 took place at the residence of Amina Shaikh at Pirbaba Chowk, Ganjamal. According to her, the burglary took place on March 3 between 3.30pm and 6pm when she had left her house unlocked. A gold chain and other jewellery, in total worth Rs 34,000, and Rs 200, were stolen from her home, she said in a complaint lodged at the Bhadrakali police station.Chain-snatching: A gold chain worth Rs 12,000 was snatched from a woman from Hanuman Nagar on Saturday. Anita Bhamare of Shantiniketan Society, Hanuman Nagar, said she was walking near Sainagar at Panchavati at 4pm, when three motorcyclists snatched the chain.Mobile snatched: A phone worth Rs 24,838 was snatched from Pravin Birari of Pandit Colony, Nashik. Birari was near Big Bazaar on College Road at 11pm on March 3, when a motorcyclist snatched it. Birari registered a complaint with the Sarkarwada police.Son complains against father, brother: A 34-year-old person has lodged a complaint against his father and brother with the Adgaon police. Siddharth Valwante of Nilgiri Baug, Aurangabad Road, said that on December 23 at 6.30pm, his father Sahebrao Valwante and his brother Rahul residing in the same area came to his house and beat him up. Siddharth said his wife had lodged a complaint against his father and brother. Furious over that, his father and brother thrashed him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12143752", "title": "3 item girls to replace Karisma Kapoor", "text": "Earlier, Mumbai Mirror had reported that Karisma Kapoor was the first choice for the item song.It takes three girls to replace one woman. Especially, when the woman is Karisma Kapoor. Prabhu Deva's search for an item girl in Rowdy Rathore ended up with three item girls, Maryam Zakaria from Agent Vinod , Mumaith Khan of Munnabhai MBBS' Dekh Le fame and Shakti Mohan, winner of television reality show Dance India Dance Season 2.When contacted, Prabhu deva confirmed the developments, saying, \"Yes, we have shot the song with three talented dancers. Earlier, we were planning with one but then we thought the song will look good even with five dancers. It's a peppy dance number in a village set up.''Earlier, Mumbai Mirror had reported that Karisma Kapoor was the first choice for the item song.However, a source close to the film revealed that Kapoor had issues with her costumes for the song in Bhojpuri style so she refused.\"She was recommended by the film's co producer and her friend Shabina Khan but it didn't work out ,\" the source added.Reportedly, later, Jiah Khan was approached but everyone was surprised by her sudden weight loss when she came for the rehearsals. \"Losing her curves was not suitable for the song. After two days of rehearsal, she was dropped by the director Prabhu Deva himself,\" the source added.When asked about Kapoor's refusal and dropping Khan, Prabhu Deva told this newspaper, \"You know, it happens. Things change. There were discussions but sometimes, things don't work out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12140504", "title": "Efforts on to buffer Rahul from UP outcome", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress began to ring fence Rahul Gandhi amid exit poll reports that the party may not do well in assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh.Amid the suspense over results, senior leaders praised Rahul for his strenuous campaign but added that a negative outcome would be because of its organizational weaknesses.While exuding confidence that Congress would win 125-plus seats, AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh said he would be responsible for any stumble. UPCC chief Rita Joshi, saying she was the state unit chief, too claimed responsibility for any bad showing.Union minister Beni Prasad Verma said the heir apparent had worked very hard in the state. \"No leader in the country has ever put in such an effort as Rahul did in UP,\" Verma said.With exit polls suggesting that Congress failed to make headway with voters, the comments reflected a bid to buffer the young leader who could end up drawing flak since he led the campaign.The attempts to shield Rahul betrayed concerns over the final outcome. While some exit polls have given Congress a decent tally of 80 seats, what seems to unnerve partymen is that it is still placed fourth below arch-rival BJP . The comments on collective responsibility ahead of results appeared odd since they said a good show would be the result of Rahul's hard work.An aggressive Rahul was the highlight of the UP campaign, questioning the credentials of the regional parties whom he accused of derailing the state from the development track in the two decades since Congress was ousted from power. He used a strident tone, often rhetorical, to debunk the poll promises of SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and chief minister Mayawati and made a strong pitch for 'Muslim quota' to win over the key community.Having started an early campaign with the strategy of pitching Congress as different from regional parties SP and BSP, Congressmen were hopeful. The party appeared to have the first mover advantage in the elections which were eventually advanced. It came on the back of a persistent campaign against Mayawati for three years during which Rahul visited poor and dalit households and put corruption on the centrestage. His promise of returning the state to the top league in five years appeared fresh and made a weak Congress appear a serious contender.But according to post-poll studies, SP managed to tap the anti-Mayawati sentiment while Congress was edged out, if only because of its organizational weakness.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12146286", "title": "Three cities and one canvas", "text": "Ahmedabad based artist Harshil Patel and young curator Chaitya Dhanvi Shah are doing an interesting art project called Nagarnama IIICities with their colours, architecture, heritage and culture have always fascinated artists. Taking inspiration from this, Ahmedabad based artist Harshil Patel and young curator Chaitya Dhanvi Shah have embarked upon an interesting art project called Nagarnama III. They have chosen three places like Jaisalmer, Varanasi and Florence for this unique project. The three cities have been chosen for their uniqueness. Jaisalmer for its splendid colour, Varanasi for being the world's oldest living city and Florence in Italy for its innate sense of fashion, style, architecture. All these cities have still maintained and preserved their rich architecture and heritage.Both Harsheel Patel and Chaitya Dhanvi Shah together set on a trip to these three cities and experienced the culture there with food, language, art, history, architecture and so on. They soaked in the colours of paghri in Jaisalmer, the flowing Ganga in Varanasi and the window display in Florence. Artist Harshil Patel was very keen to work on the spot in whichever city they went, as according to him, on the spot works makes the artist get closer to the subject and the enviornment around just effortlessly flows on the canvas.From these series, Harshil says, \"I want to develop the atmoshpheric art in my works as I want people to feel, listen and enjoy his works in natural way as they enjoy the popular culture in their own city. I feel art should be connected to people.\"Curator Chaitya Dhanvi Shah of Ahmedabad's Marvel Art Gallery has captured this entire project in camera and they both will produce a production which guides the art lovers through the process of understanding the artist's mind and details related to his works in form of words, photographs and paintings. Earlier, both of them worked on projects like Nagarnama I (on Ahmedabad) and Nagarnama II (London).Talking about it, Chaitya Dhanvi Shah says, \"Now, the time has come to look beyond hi-brow art. The common man should also have a connection with art and understand its nuances. What better way we can do this other than connecting art, cities and people?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12146819", "title": "Metro clears Vidya's scene in 'Kahaani'", "text": "The producers of the Vidya Balan starrer 'Kahaani' have sorted out issues with the Kolkata Metro Railway authorities who had objected to a scene in the film where the actress is shown being pushed perilously before a speeding underground train.\"They have promised us that there is nothing in the film that will tarnish the image of the metro railway or prompt people to commit suicide on the tracks. We are happy with their explanation and have removed objections,\" Kolkata Metro's general manager P B Murti told PTI.Glad to have been able to convince the railway officials, producer-director Sujoy Ghosh said, \"I have spent my childhood in Kolkata and will never do anything that will harm the city. The film is meant to increase the curiosity about the wonderful city that Kolkata is.\"\" Kahaani\" trailer shows a pregnant Vidya waiting on the platform to board a Metro train at the Kalighat station. As soon as the train arrives, she is pushed onto the tracks by a man standing close to her.Worried that the scene would remind people of the frequent acts of suicides on the tracks that has been tarnishing the image of India's first tube railway, officials had written to the film's producer asking him to remove the scene from the trailers as well as the film, which releases this Friday.A source close to the film said the shot is part of a dream sequence and has been shot using computer-generated imagery.The Metro authorities had allowed the film unit to shoot for four days last year at the busy Tollygunj and Kalighat stations, where the controversial scene was filmed.\"Kahaani\" has Vidya playing a seven month pregnant woman who has come to Kolkata from London in search of her husband.With nothing to rely on except fragments of her memory about him, it is a story of a woman's relentless struggle in an unknown city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12141284", "title": "DMRC fails to intensify 'supervision' at metro sites", "text": "JAIPUR: The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) has failed to keep the Metro project sites accident-free. Accidents occurring in the past one year at the construction sites have claimed lives of seven labourers so far exposing the weak supervision by experts.The DMRC and officials concerned have given compensation to the deceased's kin but have not bothered to strengthen the 'supervision' at the various metro sites to prevent such incidents in future. \"We have asked our safety team to present a report on Monday, and any decision will be taken after the report is submitted,\" DMRC said.After the death of Vinod Kumar on Sunday, his co-workers claimed he was not wearing proper shoes because of which he slipped.All the accidents, including this one, could have been averted if there was proper supervision. On July 23, two labourers were electrocuted due to carelessness at the Bhakrota casting yard, and on November 17, a labourer died while talking on phone.Experts say \"Most accidents occur due to human error, like negligence and carelessness. Though workers have experience of working at such sites, they are mostly illiterate and have a casual approach so the chances of accidents are always high, if the supervisors are lax.\"\"Supervisors must be very strict and should not compromise with anything. At such sites there are heavy machines and mistakes can be fatal,\" the experts added.Even the state government has kept quiet and has done nothing to take action against the DMRC fearing delay in the project.\"This is a time-bound project, and if the department takes any strict action against the contactor and the DMRC, they can approach the court, leading to project delay. According to the terms and conditions, the department cannot directly take any action against the DMRC and the contractor,\" a source said.However, DMRC officials say they follow strict work practices and project and safety managers of all contracting firms are given a safety pledge/oath to preach and promote safe work practices, for prevention of accidents, protection of environment and prevention of occupational diseases.\"We have provided all safety gadgets to the labourers. But we cannot say that the accidents are happening only in Jaipur,\" Anil Singhal, DMRC spokesman, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "12139817", "title": "Fisherman's family refuses to meet Italian minister", "text": "KOLLAM: Italy's deputy foreign minister Staffan de Mistura's outreach to the family of one of the two fishermen killed by Italian navy guards failed on Sunday after the family members refused to meet him. De Mistura, who is in Kerala to commiserate with the grieving families, was instead told that they feared they would be denied justice if they met him.Two navy men on Italian oil tanker Enrica Lexie shot dead Justine Valentine, 45, and Ajeesh Binki, 25, off the Kochi coast on the night of February 15.The meeting was set for holy mass at Infant Jesus Cathedral at Thankassery here on Sunday. The Kollam police had on Saturday tried to dissuade the foreign minister from meeting Valentine's family, citing security reasons. Valentine's family said they decided not to meet the minister after consulting the church authorities and relatives. They feared that the meeting, if it took place, would be counterproductive.'We have full faith in Indian judiciary'de Mistura said that his government had full faith in the Indian judiciary regarding the two navy guards being tried for the murder of two fishermen on February 15.The Kerala high court is yet to decide on the appeal filed by the Italian government seeking to quash the FIR registered by the state police. \"The judiciary is transparent and has heard all our contentions, which gives us hope,'' De Mistura said.The minister met the two Italian navy guards in police custody and said they were calm and gave positive reviews on the conduct of the local police. He could not, however, meet the family of Justine Valentine, one of the fishermen killed. \"We fear that we would be denied justice if we met the minister,\" Derrick, the elder son of Valentine, told reporters. De Mistura said he was disappointed but expressed his nation's condolence to them, saying the Italian people understood their feelings.De Mistura also thanked the Forensic Science Laboratory in Thiruvananthapuram for its cooperation in allowing the Italian representatives to be present during the ballistic examination of the weapons seized from the Italian ship, Enrica Lexie.Naval guards may be shifted to jailThe SIT investigating the Enrica Lexie case will produce the two Italian navy guards before the Kollam chief judicial magistrate court on Monday.A top police source said SIT was unlikely to seek extension of police custody. \"The possibility of extending police custody of the guards is remote. They are likely to be remanded in judicial custody. Considering the security aspect, they are likely to be shifted to Thiruvananthapuram central prison,\" the source said. If they are to be remanded in judicial custody, the magistrate will decide on providing security and other facilities to the marines in prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12142116", "title": "IOC chips in to improve tourist facilities at Khajuraho", "text": "BHOPAL: A whopping sum of Rs 25 crore would be spent to give a face-lift and develop tourist facilities in the state's most sought after foreign tourist destination - Khajuraho - the largest group of medieval temples with errotic sculptures.Indian Oil Foundation of the Indian Oil Corporation ( IOC ) has chipped in by making financial contribution to the National Cultural Fund to illuminate, develop landscape as part of the corporate social responsibility. Besides, the contribution will go towards development of a host of facilities, including tourist amenities zone, internet cafe, open sky stadium, modern toilets and meditation hall at Khajuraho - an Archaeology Survey of India (ASI) protected site.Besides, a dormitory of 60 rooms would come up near the southern group of temples, Khajuraho ASI conservation assistant Rahul Tiwari said. The dormitory would be let out at a reasonable price on no-profit no-loss methodology.He said that dormitory is being developed keeping in mind the average tourists, who visit the Khajuraho, one of the most popular tourist destinations and listed as an UNESCO World Heritage Site and considered to be one of the seven wonders of the country.Tiwari said the facelift and tourist facilities work would begin from the next year.We have already acquired land for the work around the temples, he added. After Taj Mahal and Jaipur, Khajuraho is the third most frequented tourist spot in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12139940", "title": "Finally, 10% subsidy announced for new textile units", "text": "NAGPUR: The state textile ministry finally issued the much awaited government resolution (GR) for providing 10% capital subsidy to new textile units in Vidarbha, Marathwada and North Maharashtra. The policy had been opposed by politicians of Western Maharashtra and Konkan, including Narayan Rane and Patangrao Kadam. The policy will be applicable up to 2017.As per the GR, only units sponsored by the Centre's technological upgradation fund (TUF) scheme will be eligible. This will be in addition to all benefits of all sources - TUFS, industrial department's subsidy, etc.To qualify, projects will also have to be approved by nodal financing institutions or banks or other institutions, approved by the Centre and have UID number from commissioner of textiles. These projects can be in private or cooperative sector sanctioned and must be set up in Vidarbha, Marathwada and North Maharashtra.The textile projects that were sanctioned by banks before the GR was issued will not be eligible. The GR further states that the 10% subsidy will not be applicable to projects of modernization or expansion of existing units.The GR explains that some financial institutions and banks have been designated as nodal agencies.They will have to submit subsidy proposal directly to the state's director (textiles), who will forward these proposals to the state government for release of funds.The nodal financial institutions will have to physically check and certify that machinery is according to norms. They will have to certify that 10% subsidy is accurate. The project should be new and be sanctioned within the period permissible under this scheme.If a project has taken loans from more than one financial institution, then the claim for subsidy should be submitted through the one which has sanctioned the highest amount of loan.The director will have to check information received from financial institutions and banks before recommending proposals. A separate account will be opened for these loans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12139872", "title": "Investors in Mumbai flats want money back", "text": "MUMBAI: Property speculators and investors who book flats even before the project is launched are in trouble. Builders who used to take money from them upfront and promised them large areas by manipulating certain spaces in the building, can no longer do so after BMC's stringent building laws kicked in in January.Across the city, most builders sell up to 30% of their stock at a discounted rate to investors if they pay a major chunk of the amount upfront. These deals are struck when builders do not even have the basic construction approvals in place.Earlier, when building rules could be manipulated to the hilt, developers misused and sold areas which were not part of the apartment. These areas were then surreptitiously and illegally amalgamated into the flat to make it bigger. New rules have upset the calculations of such builders who had promised larger houses to their investors.\"The rules offer no scope for manipulation. Investors are now asking builders to return their money. There is an uneasy tension between them,'' said a real estate insider.For instance, in the Bandra-Khar area, a developer has put up 14 of his projects for sale after investors started chasing him to return their money. This developer was notorious for carrying out large-scale manipulations in his projects in connivance with BMC officials.Till a year ago, areas like staircases, passage, lifts, ducts and AC plant rooms, were not included in the building's floor space index or FSI-the ratio which determines how much can by built on a plot. Many unscrupulous builders illegally sold these areas and calculated their profits based on the extra areas they could exploit. The flat owner was encouraged to merge these areas into the flat.Under the new rules, these areas are included in the FSI. However, the BMC has allowed builders to utilise 35% compensatory FSI for residential buildings (20% for commercial towers) if they pay a hefty premium to the corporation.\"Investors are not happy,'' said Pankaj Kapoor of Liases Foras, a real estate research firm. \"Builders were calculating super built-up area at 100%. Now, the overall saleable area has reduced. Their entire economics has gone for a toss,'' said Kapoor. A developer's initial equity comes from bulk investors who book flats at a cheaper rate. This money is used by the developer to launch the project.In the past, market sources blamed these investors/speculators who indulge in pre-sales for the inflated property prices in the city. They had predicted that once the new rules were implemented, such investors would get their comeuppance.A property expert said many investors are worried that builders will either go back on their commitments or demand more money from them. \"For years, investors and speculators made a killing by booking flats at an early stage and sold them when rates increased. \"Many builders indulge in presales the moment they buy the land and mortgage it to the bank,\" said a source.A suburban developer said, \"Speculators are the rats of the real estate industry. They are the first ones to jump ship. Unfortunately, builders depend on them because they have the money.''The new rules have also badly hurt several builders in the Bandra-Khar-Juhu belt, who profiteered over the past decade by bending the building concessions granted to them by successive municipal commissioners. Many of them are in financial trouble or are on the verge of shutting shop.In the past few years, developers bought land at astronomical prices as these concession policies could be manipulated to offer unusually high construction rights to builders who could bribe their way through. Since 2005, some of the country's most expensive land transactions were concluded in the city because of the bonanzas they offered. The new approvals system has put an end to this practice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12138930", "title": "Coin exhibition tosses up rare delights", "text": "AHMEDABAD: India is one of the countries in the world with rich tradition of numismatics thanks to its interesting mix of coins minted by ancient kingdoms, princely states, sultanates and foreign rulers including English, Portuguese, French and Danish and finally independent India. The visitors at Coinex 2012, 10th national numismatic exhibition, had a glimpse of the heritage and had lessons in history with fun.Harish Shah, president of Gujarat Coin Society, told TOI that every year they choose exhibitions on various themes for members of public and also provide meeting place for coin aficionados and auction houses. \"We are glad with every year the number of visitors is growing beyond our expectations. We have carefully chosen various themes such as coins and currency from British India, commemorative coins from India, coins from around the world on birds, sultanate period and pre-historic era. Many enthusiasts from across the state and country have participated in the event,\" he said.Dushyant Shah, a chartered accountant and financial advisor, said that there is a growing trend that Gujaratis are now waking up to - numismatics as a lucrative investment option. \"I started off as an enthusiast and saw the opportunity. It is one field in which you can enter with mere Rs 2,000 and start building your collection. Coins never get depreciated due to metal used and its historic importance. A Rs 15 coin minted in King George V era was available for Rs 30,000 in 2007 which has gained value of Rs 2.70 lakh today,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12140398", "title": "Kathryn, crew invoke Hindu deity", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Oscar winner Kathryn Bigelow and her crew may have been facing stiff opposition from Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) and other right wing organizations for recreating Pakistan and turning Chandigarh into a Muslim territory, but little do her detractors know that the beleaguered crew had sought the blessings of Hindu deities before the unit began shooting in Sector 15 on Wednesday.Majority of the crew had approached a priest to invoke divine blessings and tied \"mouli\" (red sacred thread) before they went about the task of shooting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12140407", "title": "Man claims \u2018friend\u2019 robbed him at party", "text": "MUMBAI: A dispute between two 'friends' took an ugly turn after one of them approached the police early on Sunday, alleging that the other had \"robbed\" him. Both friends had visited The Club at Andheri (W) separately to attend a common friend's birthday party. The incident took place during the party.The D N Nagar police said they were verifying the facts before initiating any action in the case.The complainant, Sanjay Bhatti, 39, a hotelier, told the police that the accused, Saurabh Sharma, and his two friends attacked him during the party and robbed him of his gold chain and a phone, collectively worth Rs 1.5 lakh.Bhatti and Sharma had a long-standing dispute, said a police officer. At the party, the duo had an argument on the issue again and this led to the fight. Sharma's two friends supported him. After the club's security intervened, Sharma left the venue with his two friends.Meanwhile, Bhatti realized that his phone and the chain were missing. He then approached the police and filed the FIR. The police are recording the statements of the people present in the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12140677", "title": "Don\u2019t select non-artists as members: Akademi head", "text": "KOCHI: The 41st Kerala Lalit Kala Akademi award function became a platform for the chairman K A Francis and secretary Sreemoolanagaram Mohan to voice their concerns over the selection of new office bearers.Francis requested the government not to include people who are not artists as office-bearers of the Akademi. They should have either conducted at least one art exhibition in their life, they said while honouring various artists from across the state at Durbar Hall art gallery on Sunday.The statement comes at a time when the state government is planning to include more members in the committee. Though an autonomous body, the government provides funding and recommendations on constituent members of the Akademi. The government is yet to take any decisions on this issue.Meanwhile, the Akademi conferred state awards to five artists - Bahuleyan C B, Jagesh Edakkad, Martin O C, Saju Mannathur and V Satheeshan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12141316", "title": "Newly recruited constables to be briefed on HIV/AIDS", "text": "JAIPUR: All recently recruited police constables, numbering around 7,000, are set to learn lessons on HIV/AIDS apart from their normal training on CrPC, IPC, Evidence Act, Minor Act and issues related to Human Rights and crime against women.This is for the first time when the Rajasthan State Aids Control Society (RSACS) has been providing relevant information to the newly recruited constables about HIV/AIDS and about their role in preventing the infection from spreading further.A police official involved in providing training to constables said, \"They will undergo a 36-week training. From this year, we have been providing complete information to them on HIV/AIDS during their training period.\"He informed that the training directorate has issued a letter to all the police training schools to hold separate classes for constables on HIV/AIDS.The RSACS trainers hold classes of constables in police training schools in the state and so far they have trained 1,400 new recruits. \"We are sensitizing them and informing them about misconceptions. But, most importantly, we make them learn about the role of the police in mainstreaming the people living with HIV/AIDS,\" a trainer said.Medical, health and family welfare director (AIDS) J P Dhamija said, \"We should prevent new infections of HIV/AIDS. With the same objective, we are spreading awareness among people and police department is one of them.\"He said the personnel are being informed about the groups - migrants, injecting drug users and sex workers - vulnerable to HIV/AIDS infections,.Earlier, the medical department also provided training in batches to police officials but now they have started full-fledged classes in police training schools.Since a lot of migrants come to Rajasthan because of the presence of mines and industries, areas where the migration is high are always on the risk of HIV/AIDS infection. \"Police have to play crucial role in such areas to spread awareness about the infection,\" a department official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12139898", "title": "Prestigious post, volatile past", "text": "LUCKNOW: The chief minister of Uttar Pradesh enjoys the unique privilege of not only heading the most populous state of India, but also the head of the nation's most politically crucial state. It is for this reason that the post sometimes creates rift within the party ranks. Barring few tenures, most of the chief ministers in UP had rather short stay in their offices. Starting from Pandit Govind Ballabah Pant in January 26, 1950 to the current regime of Mayawati, the state has seen 19 individuals holding this prestigious office. While some chief ministers cleared the test of democracy with flying colours from their respective assembly constituencies, others relied on backdoor or lateral mechanisms to gain entry to the Uttar Pradesh legislature. Interestingly, there were instances, when a candidate lost the election, yet his fortune gave him the mandate to rule the state and take vital policy decisions.The first UP chief minister in India, Govind Ballabh Pant contested 1951 poll from Bareilly Municipality and got 21,828 votes constituting 41.84% of the total votes cast. Pant continued in office till December 27, 1954. He was succeeded Sampurnanand, who eventually became a victim of political crisis initiated by late Kamlapati Tripathi and CB Gupta, Dr Sampurnanand was asked to resign as CM and sent to Rajasthan as the Governor of Rajasthan. Between 1962 and 1967, he held the seat. His appointment as the governor of Rajasthan heralded a new beginning in the Indian politics, when spent forces in the politics were sent to hold gubernatorial functions.Chandrabhanu Gupta, who was the chief minister on three occasions, is remembered as the first CM of UP who didn't mind criticising his own party. In 1963, Sucheta Kriplani became the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, the first woman to hold that position in any Indian state. The highlight of her tenure was the firm handling of a state employees strike. The first-ever strike by the state employees over pay hike, which continued for 62 days took place during her regime. She relented only when the employees' leaders agreed for a compromise. The credit to bag the largest vote share goes to Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav, who got 1,95,213 votes (a whopping 91.77%) in byelection from Gunnaur assembly seat in January 2004. Yadav's victory margin was 1,83,899 votes. Mulayam also got 65,597 votes in 1989 from Jaswantnagar and in 1993 he bagged 60,242 votes and 55,249 votes from Jaswantnagar and Shikohabad respectively.Former chief minister and patron of Jan Kranti Dal Kalyan Singh romped home in 1996, as he claimed a lion's share of votes in Dibai and Atrauli assembly segments respectively. Kalyan bagged 79,997 votes in Dibai and 73,329 votes in Atrauli. The backward leader's honeymoon with landslide wins started in 1991, when he polled 58,640 votes from his home turf of Atrauli in Aligarh. Bahujan Samaj Party supremo Mayawati made her presence felt in UP politics in 2002, when she got 70,800 votes from Harora(SC) seat. In fact she is the first chief minister of Uttar Pradesh to complete five-year stint without any break.However, one of the lowest point in UP's legislative history came when, Kalyan Singh's government was dismissed on February 21, 1998 by Governor Romesh Bhandari. Kalyan Singh moved Allahabad High Court, which termed the dismissal of government unconstitutional on February 23, 1998, thereby reinstating the Kalyan Singh government. The democratic system had already reached its nadir on October 21, 1997, when MLAs had created a pandemonium and turned the assembly into a war zone. Many MLAs were injured in that violence, some seriously and even women members were assaulted by the warring parties.However, luck was twice on Chandrabhanu Gupta's side. In 1967, the difference between Gupta and his rival's vote share was only 0.2%. While, Gupta got 17,355 votes (48.6%), his rival G Singh, an independent candidate got 17,265 votes (48.4%). In 1969, Gupta contesting from Ranikhet on a Congress ticket got better of Govind Singh of Bharatiya Kranti Dal by less than two percent (1.85%). Gupta got 22,163 votes, while Govind Singh bagged 21,320 votes. Similarly, the margin of victory for Mulayam Singh Yadav in 1993 poll from Jaswantnagar was 0.9%. 'Netaji' got 60,242 votes, while his nearest rival Darshan Singh of the Congress polled 59,081 votes.Uttar Pradesh witnessed another volatile moment when the BJP decided to replace Gupta with Rajnath Singh, as the party leadership did not want to risk fighting the assembly polls with Gupta at the helm. Gupta's fate was sealed when the BJP could not win a single seat in the panchayat elections in the prime minister's (Atal Bihari Vajpayee's) high-profile Lucknow constituency. That appeared to be the last straw for the chief minister.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12139779", "title": "Dr Masand booked for 8-year-old\u2019s death", "text": "NAGPUR: Sadar police booked Dr Anil Masand for culpable homicide not amounting to murder for allegedly administering an overdose of anaesthesia to eight-year-old Mohit Saxena causing his death during an operation.Mohit, a standard IV student, had swelling on his left hand after a fracture, and hence was advised to undergo an operation by Dr Masand. He was declared dead during the operation by Dr Masand last Tuesday night.After learning about Mohit's death, his parents and relatives had alleged that the doctor didn't call the anaesthetist to give the dose, and an overdose of anaesthesia was given to Mohit.On Wednesday afternoon, after the post mortem was conducted, angry relatives had thrashed Dr Masand damaged his car and equipment.On a complaint lodged by Mohit's father Sunil, Sadar police had registered a case of accidental death. During investigations, on the basis of initial autopsy reports, Dr Masand was booked for culpable homicide not amounting to murder.Dr Masand had told the cops that he had called two anaesthetists, Dr Bharadwaj and Dr Yunis. But in investigation it was learnt that Dr Masand had lied to the cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12140843", "title": "Fierce jallikattu leaves over 40 injured", "text": "MADURAI: Even amidst tight security and heavy arrangements by the district administration, about 50 bull tamers were injured by bulls at one of the largest jallikattu events for the year at Sakkudi, near Madurai on Sunday. Apart from the bull tamers, 43 people who came to attend the event as onlookers were injured.A sub-inspector also sustained injuries when the stage erected for VIPs to view the event collapsed due to the heavy crowd. The event was organised by the Tamil Nadu Jallikattu Peravai. Around 2,000 bulls were brought from 12 districts such as Madurai, Theni, Dindigul, Sivaganga, Pudukottai, Salem and Namakkal by vehicles. The bull owners were seen standing in long queues to certify their animals by the animal welfare board and the animal husbandry department. The bulls participating in the event were not subject to harassment nor were they administered intoxicants, said authorities. Strict vigil was made to ensure the bull tamers were not inebriated, sources said.Bull tamers were allowed to participate after ascertaining fitness levels, were given uniforms and then allowed to enter the arena.P Rajasekar, president of the Jallikattu Peravai, said following the high court's permission and the Supreme Court's guidelines and under the superintendence of the district authorities, they were conducting the event with great care and attention. After conducting poojas, the bulls were let into the arena. The event continued without any break, despite the stage collapse.Ferocious bulls emerged out of the vadivasal, the entry point, tearing into the crowd of tamers. Unhesitant and daring tamers jostled with each other to latch on to the bulls. Most bulls, however, ran away without being tamed.A bull, through its horns, hooked the trouser of a tamer and kept him suspended for a while. He was later rescued by fellow tamers. Another set of bulls which ran away without being tamed, went up to the collection yard but turned back to the vadivasal area. Such action made the bold tamers run in panic.Those who tamed bulls without any hitch got prizes such as utensils, cellphones and cupboards.The police were found having a tough time controlling owners with bulls that tried to sneak through long queues without proper certification. Some policemen were also seen running in panic as the bulls came out of the arena without being tamed.The injured were taken to the Rajaji Government Hospital by an ambulance stationed at the venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12140462", "title": "Brother, sister strike gold", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Grabbing the maximum number of gold medals, for both academics and extra-curricular activities, at Panjab University's academic function on Sunday, Anuj and Deepti Malhotra, stole the limelight. Hard to believe that just a day before the final exam, this brother-sister duo were having loads of fun -- reading novels, watching movies and taking ample sleep!And what makes the win sweet is that fact that Deepti, who topped in Bachelors of Library and Information Science in 2011, shares her joy of excelling with her brother Anuj, who topped MA (Mass Communication and Journalism ) at School of Communication Studies, PU in the same year.Besides, Anuj also grabbed three other first prizes including the K K Grover Declamation, which is a prized possession for any student orator. In addition to this he also bagged the P P Singh Memorial Gold Medal and Satya Dev Vidyalankar Memorial Prize, both for his performance in academics.Her success mantra, says Deepti, is no last minute preparation. \"I don't believe in last minute studies and hence always finish my syllabi revision well on time. A day before the exam, I used to read my routine thrillers for 2-3 hours,\" added Deepti. From Jeffery Archer to John Grisham , this brilliant student had been reading all along and interestingly did not miss watching the latest movies and chilling out before exams.While some were busy burning the night oil, Anuj adds that he never missed or compromised on his beauty sleep! \"I have never missed my eight hour sleep before exams. Even a night before the exam I have been taking ample rest,\" said Anuj.In a lighter vein, their parents have been telling them how the two \"have been the brightest in the clan so far!\" \"Our parents are extremely proud of us and often tell us how we have superseded our grandparents in topping exams,\" added Anuj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12141076", "title": "Maoists camped in Kolkata to procure arms", "text": "KOLKATA: Were the Maoists camping in Kolkata to receive a huge consignment of arms? Police suspect so.Following the arrest of Maoist technical committee head Sadanala Ramkrishna and his lieutenant Deepak Kumar alias Pradip Pradhania, police have reasons to believe that the city was a crucial weapon drop house for the rebels and Ramkrishna had been camping in the city to arrange transportation of the weapons.According to STF officers, Rs 36 lakh cash was recovered from a flat at Mainak apartment at Nimta on Sunday. \"Ramkrishna and Deepak used to stay in the flat,\" said an STF officer. The probe agency confirmed that following the arrest of Ramkrishna and four others, cops recovered total Rs 96 lakh from different hideouts and hinted that the amount was with the rebels for a payment of a weapon consignment.In a synchronized raid on Wednesday, nine rebels were rounded up from Kolkata and Mumbai. Three among them - Ramkrishna, Aseem Bhattacharya and Deepak - are believed to be key persons of the outfit. While, Deepak and Ramkrishna, both reportedly members of outfit's technical committee, were arrested from Kolkata, Bhattacharya was picked up from Mumbai.Maoists sources admitted that Ramkrishna's arrest came as a major blow for the outfit in terms of procuring weapons. \"Earlier, Maoist politburo member Kishanji was in charge of the procurement of weapon. After death of Kishanji, Ramkrishna was entrusted with additional charge of arms procurement,\" said a Maoist source. He claimed that the arrest of \"tech Anna\" (Ramkrishna was known by this name in the rebel ranks) will not harm the organizational structure as he never had any organizational role.Sources said that Maoist central committee has allotted Rs 200 crore to strengthen their arsenal. Police claimed that they have recovered sketches of some sophisticated Improvised Explosive Devices and the recovery of some more documents suggest that rebels are now focused on developing weapons. The interrogation hinted that rebels have already procured containers of anti-personnel land mines, which they have planned to develop into pressure bombs. \"Several private workshops in the city and city fringes manufacture containers of AP mines for army supply. Earlier in 2006, members of Manipur-based insurgent outfit PreePak was rounded up with huge quantity of such containers produced at Falta in South 24-Paraganas,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12143896", "title": "Ronit plays a new role in Mumbai\u2019s nightmare traffic", "text": "Finding himself crammed alongside fisherwomen, vegetable vendors and scores of vehicles in a narrow Chembur lane on Sunday morning, Roy gives traffic lessons to ease the jamThe next time you are stuck in a never-ending traffic jam, get on the road and play the traffic cop. Actor Ronit Roy did just that in a narrow Chembur lane on Sunday morning; surrounded by fisherwomen and vegetable vendors, scores of vehicles, twice the number of pedestrians, and a tempo that blocked the exit way.Roy had travelled all the way from Andheri to Mahul village in Chembur (E) early on Sunday for the launch of a hockey academy, to be supervised by his friend Mir Ranjan Negi, a former India national hockey team goalkeeper whose story inspired Shah Rukh Khan's Chak De India. Around 9 am when he whizzed past the still sleepy lanes of Chembur, there were barely any signs of the traffic chaos he was to find himself in less than half an hour later.\"Vehicles were stuck in the lane because of an abandoned tempo,\" Roy said, \"It was a very narrow road, too narrow for even a single car to pass by. Being Sunday, there were vendors on both sides, and the cars were stuck, adding to the chaos.\"Like every Mumbai resident who's stuck in the traffic, Roy cursed his luck, while praying for a quick relief. When he realised that curses didn't help and relief wasn't forthcoming, he got out of his air-conditioned car and started stopping the vehicles. It was quite a sight, a six-ft plus man in a white T-shirt, eyes covered by stylish sunglasses, guiding the traffic in the middle of a fish market at 9.20 am.The traffic cop act went on for close to 10 minutes, and people started recognising the man they still remember as Mr Bajaj from Kasauti Zindagi Ki.\"Arrey wahi hai, yeh wahi actor hai,\" a woman in his 20s whispered to her husband.Roy's idea worked brilliantly, and he managed to clear the mess by 9.40 am. Admitting that playing a real life traffic cop was not on his mind and that he got out of his car \"instinctively\", he said: \"Many vehicles were stuck and I thought I might just get down and help people move. People recognised me and I had no problems chatting with them alongside.\"Recently, harsher penalties were introduced for traffic offences. But these rules will come to nothing if a system is not in place to check the ever rising number of vehicles on our roads.Sample this: As of March 31, 2011, there are 19.38 lakh vehicles in Mumbai; add to this another 25.33 lakh vehicles that are registered in Thane and Navi Mumbai, most of which regularly ply in Mumbai.On an average, the number of four-wheelers is growing by 12 per cent per year in the city, and the number of two-wheelers is rising by 10.6 per cent.This, along with encroachments, has led to our roads descending into anarchy. Lack of discipline among our drivers, complete disregard for the rules, and traffic police's inability, or unwillingness, or both to crack the whip only add to our woes.Transport experts say that Indian cities need to go the China way to emerge out of the traffic anarchy. More dependence on public transport, cycles and walking, more public transport options, and better infrastructure (see box). Till that happens, we may have to just help ourselves.Ronit Roy was at least rewarded for his efforts. \"Fisherwomen at the market offered me the catch of the day; I had to turn down the offer as I am a vegetarian,\" he laughed.What Mumbai NeedsTransport analyst Sudhir Badami insists here's what the city needs urgently to save itself from the traffic anarchy: \u00bb Please stop using cars, get on that train and bus \u00bb New public transport options such as BRTS \u00bb Walk/ cycle whenever possible \u00bb Infrastructure for cyclists and pedestrians", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12141575", "title": "A legacy of compassion", "text": "The sun was setting over the tall teak trees in Loutolim deep in a valley off the Verna plateau. Among the by lanes of the sleepy village, two dozen people assemble to pray for the soul of India's supermodel of the 70's, Anjali Pyllis Mendes.What brings a glorious career in Paris to rest in this village that recently saw tributes to celebrated cartoonist, Mario de Miranda ? In fact, his wife Habiba is seated in the five pews that line an intimate chapel. A chorus of voices begin the memoriam.Not many people knew that Anjali Phyllis Mendes went weekly to a hospice for AIDS patients to help and pray for those struck by the disease. The hospice at the foot of Montmartre hill was supported by Pierre Berger, partner of fashion legend Yves Saint Laurent .When Mendes passed away last year, she bequeathed her estate to the family and expressed her desire that proceeds of the same go to social causes. After the touching service at Loutolim, a plaque was blessed as a foundation stone for a future wing of the hospice. How this came about is thanks to a loving brother.John Mendes, resident of Dona Paula, Goa, envisioned a plan with Dr Luzito DeSouza who is associated with the Tata Memorial, Mumbai to construct and restore the Shanti Avedhna Sadan hospice in Loutolim. Dr. DeSouza is renowned for his work with cancer , especially breast cancer. In Mumbai on the slopes of the Mount Mary Hill, Shanti Avedana Sadan is a haven of peace and prayer to assist the patients to face their last days as painlessly as possible with proper medical care and prayer.The Goa branch of Shanti Avedhna Sadan was set up in 1986. Nuns from the Holy Cross Order are trained nurses. They administer medication to patients in severe pain, pray with them and grant them dignity in death.The rooms I walked through were clean and well tended. Though one would imagine an hospice as a place of sadness, all one experiences when walking the corridors is a deep spiritual peace.After the mass and John Mendes' touching words of how the dream of his sister's aspiration that her estate go to charity, I chat with Dr Luzito's wife Carmen \"The sisters do a remarkable job. They administer medication in precise proportions to elevate pain\". There are many lessons to learn at Loutolim in Shanti Avedhna Sadan.When we leave, night has settled on the village and dark shadows conceal the large tract of land that has been dug up to lay the foundation for the Anjali Phyllis Mendes wing in the premises. On what is mere soil today, will rise a testament to the legacy of compassion that a supermodel and a loving brother will leave behind.In a few months walls will rise on two floors with thirty beds to welcome a grateful stream of persons who will be cared for in the best way so that they can arrive at heaven's doors with the peace that Shanti Avedana Sadan will bestow on them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12138910", "title": "Cops face terror threat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Cops arrested in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case are a frightened lot. Terrorist threat is looming large over 15 cops including four IPS officers of Gujarat and Rajasthan who have been accused in the fake encounter case of 2005.Central Intelligence Bureau (CIB) has sent an input to the Gujarat police recently, warning of a possible terrorist attack on these cops. Following this input, the Ahmedabad police commissioner had intimated the city crime branch that extra security should be provided to the accused cops when they are taken out of jail for court hearing or medical check-up.The routine procedure is that the accused policemen are accompanied by armed cops from Shahibaug police headquarters whenever they are taken out of the jail campus. Now, the accused will be accompanied by an additional security team consisting of crime branch and state reserve police.\"Crime branch officials have been included in the security arrangements because they have a fair knowledge on local criminals and can take evasive action on time. The officials have been asked to keep surveillance on the accused cops outside the jail,\" said a senior police official.A crime branch official said, \"We have not been told about the intelligence input. But, last month we got a directive from city police commissioner that crime branch officials should be posted in the vehicle used to transport the accused cops to court or hospital.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12140553", "title": "People do not realize helmet rule is for their own personal safety: Transport office chief", "text": "The regional transport office in the Nashik area is often at the receiving end of complaints by the public. RTO Chief Chandrakant Kharatmal talks about what is getting in the way of making meters compulsory in the city.What are the new programmes you have initiated since taking charge as regional transport officer of Nashik in June 2011?In Nashik, the major challenge was spreading awareness among as many motorists as possible about road safety. We exploited the Road Safety Week programme to the hilt this year, whereby all our programmes were moved to the roads, where the motorists are. We reached out to autorickshaw drivers, truck drivers and two-wheeler drivers on a large scale. There were numerous events during this programme, all held right on the roads. The government aid for this campaign was remarkable. Apart from this, we have started organizing camps to issue learning licenses at 19 places in and around the district instead of the earlier 12 centres. Many people from rural areas cannot come all the way to the RTO office in Nashik city for this purpose. Hence, we decided to organize such camps at as many places as possible. From January, we decided to organize such camps on the weekly market days of particular towns, as on such days, a large number of villagers visit the tehsil centres to shop.What is the revenue target set for Nashik RTO for 2011-12 and how do you plan to meet it?We have been given a target of Rs 307 crore. Of this, Rs 169 crore will come from Nashik, Rs 61 crore from Ahmednagar, Rs 48 crore from Srirampur and Rs 29.5 crore from Malegaon. This also includes collection of fines worth Rs 15.25 crore and another Rs 27.15 crore through tax defaulters. Of this last figure, we will be collecting Rs 21 crore from Nashik.What is the situation regarding autorickshaws in Nashik and what problems does the public face with respect to autos?There are 21,200 autorickshaws in Nashik district, of which 8,500 are in the city. While it is difficult to give exact figures for the number of autorickshaws in Nashik that have not renewed their permits, roughly 6,500 autorickshaws are currently being run without permits.Are you planning to take any action in this regard?Last year, in the months of September and October, we had appealed to rickshaw owners to get their permits renewed. For this, we had put up stickers on around 500 auto rickshaws to spread awareness about the same. Given the lukewarm response, we extended the period of getting permits renewed till November. However, during this period, only 2,000 autorickshaw owners came forward to renew their permits. Permits of 6,500 autorickshaws have still not been renewed. If the auto drivers still do not come forward in the near future, their permits will be cancelled permanently. Meanwhile, we have also asked leaders of different unions to come forward and help us catch people who are operating rickshaws without permits. But the response has been lukewarm.There was a move to make electronic meters compulsory in the state. When will this happen in Nashik?Electronic meters will be made compulsory in Nashik from May 2012. The problem, however, is that autos in Nashik do not charge fare according to meter, whereas in other places like Mumbai, Pune, Thane, etc. fare is paid as per the tariff by the meter. Rickshaw passengers in Nashik feel that they might be charged heavily by auto drivers if they pay by the meter, whereas the auto drivers feel that they may incur losses if they start operating their business by meter. Nashikites seem to prefer being transported in a disrespectful manner in rickshaws rather than travelling safely and respectfully by paying fare as per the meter reading. What has come to our notice of late is that a large number of people from Mumbai and Pune are settling in Nashik and the way the passengers are taken for a ride by auto drivers is infuriating for them.Why is action not being taken against rogue auto drivers?Whenever there has been a crackdown in this regard in Nashik, autorickshaw drivers have taken to the streets. Nonetheless, tariff by meter is mandatory for all autorickshaws. If a passenger asks an auto driver to take him as per the meter tariff, the driver has no right to refuse. To ensure this, we have also started a helpline on a toll-free number (1800-233-1516), but the response to this number has not been along expected lines.What are the rules regarding share autorickshaws in the city?We have finalized 27 routes on which autorickshaws can be shared in the city. However, auto drivers are not following it. They are charging the passenger lower rates, but though only three passengers can be seated at a time, they take four to six passengers in the same vehicle.A city bus with its brake lights and indicators working is a rare sight here. What is the reason behind this blatant violation of rules and why don't you take any action in this regard?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12139704", "title": "Curtains down on city\u2019s first open-air art show", "text": "GURGAON: The country's first outdoor art exhibition, Renge Art Walk, concluded on Sunday at the DLF Golf and Country Club in Gurgaon. The event, attended by hundreds of art-lovers, might now be made into an annual affair, the organizers say. The exhibition featured over 900 artists from all over the country, and will now be shifted to New Delhi.The participants included well established artists, as well as aspiring painters and sculptors. Sukant Panigrahy, the bollywood art-director, whose work can be seen in movies such as 'Chak De India' and 'Dev D,' showcased his 300-foot sculpture made of common scrap. \"This was my second exhibition. I have done one before this in Bombay,\" he said. The sculpture, named the Raring Horse has caught many eyeballs, and the artist is planning to more along the same lines. \"I made it with worn out tyres, plastic, whatever scrap I could find. And I will be doing similar sculptures with the same material in the coming days,\" he added.The Art Walk hosted over 900 works, done by artists coming from various parts of the country. Kingson Swargiary is originally from Assam, and is a modern artist with a modern theme. \"My theme is city. The poor the hungry of the big cities, the rapid urbanization, the modern romance,\" he said. Swargiary has mounted over 100 paintings and drawings done by him at the Art Walk in Gurgaon, and is opening his solo exhibition in New Delhi this week.The exhibition was away from the ordinary, in that here the ambience, lighting and atmosphere - all crucial for an art exhibition - were left to nature. \"This was better than closed halls. More fun. The experience was better. We were told to make this an annual event here in Gurgaon, and we are considering it,\" said Shalini Vig Wadhwa, co-founder, Renge Art Walk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12140666", "title": "Government staff seek pay revision", "text": "MYSORE: The Karnataka State Government Employees Association on Sunday sought revision of the salary structure of the state government employees.The association also threatened to go on a strike if the government fails to do so in the coming budget.H K Ramu, president of the association, Mysore unit, accused the government of neglecting the demands of the employees and said Tamil Nadu , Kerala, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra governments have already revised the pay scale of their employees based on the recommendations of the sixth Pay Commission.A panel led by IAS officer Subir Harisingh constituted to look into the pay revision demands should submit its recommendations by March 10 to facilitate its inclusion in the budget, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12140775", "title": "Work of Rajiv Gandhi Seva Kendras progresses at snail\u2019s pace in Dakshina Kannada", "text": "MANGALORE: Dakshina Kannada district does not face dearth of funds when it comes to the construction of Rajiv Gandhi Seva Kendras (RGSK), which is aimed at facilitating smooth implementation of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee (MGNREG) scheme. However, of the 203 gram panchayats, only 38 have completed the construction of RGSKs utilizing the Central government's aid.Only Puttur taluk, which has 37 gram panchayats, has shown worthwhile progress by completing the construction of 18 RGSKs. Taluks like Bantwal, Belthangady, Mangalore and Sullia are yet to cross single digit with their RGSKs.As per the guidelines in the MGNREG Act, there is a provision for RGSKs in each village to speed up the process of the scheme. The department of rural development, government of India provides Rs 10 lakh for the construction of the centres. However, 59 gram panchayats in the district have not taken initiatives to build the centre yet.Of the 203 gram panchayats in the district, work of RGSKs have been taken up in 144, and so far only 38 have been completed. The foundation stone laying ceremony for the first RGSK building in the district was held at Kurnad gram panchayat in October, 2010, but the centre has not yet become a reality.Ombudsman for the implementation of MGNREGS Sheena Shetty told STOI that the district had enough fund for the construction of RGSKs.\"Such centres are necessary for the villages to ensure 100 days of job for people. Udyogamitras, the persons who look after the scheme implementation, can process all official work related to the scheme at RGSKs,\" he said and pointed out that the construction work of centres is being delayed because of lack of interest.Mamatha DS Gatti, zilla panchayat member of Thumbe, said government sanction of Rs 10 lakh for each RGSK was not sufficient.\"The Union government sanctions only Rs 10 lakh for each centre, but when it reaches the completion stage the expenditure crosses Rs 15 lakh,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12141496", "title": "Labourers in Metro sites at maximum risk", "text": "JAIPUR: Despite the fact that seven labourers lost their lives at Metro sites since November 2010, it seems that the officials of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) are yet to make fool-proof safety measures.Not only those residing in and around the Metro sites, even 6,000 labourers engaged in various works at places like Ajmer Road, Mansarovar, Vivek Vihar, Gurjar Ki Thadi, Sindhi Camp and New Sanganer Road are at a higher risk. Since November 2010, the Metro construction work has reached a level where there is an utter need of safety measures. In majority of the accidents, the labourers became the victim.However, DRMC officials said that they were also concerned with safety measures since they have a long way to complete the whole project.\"We are also aware of the fact that at various sites, the risk factor has increased because of the height, electric wires, crowd and traffic. Thus, every day, before starting the work, every labourer is given basic tips on safety through the safety officers deputed at various sites,\" said Anil Singhal, spokesperson, DMRC on Sunday.He said that safety officers also visit various sites once in a fortnight and give their report on how labourers and other workers are following the norms.Refuting the allegation that safety norms are not strictly followed, Singhal, said, \"Had it not been the case, the number of accidents would have gone higher. Even on Sunday's mishap, the deceased was wearing all his safety kit.\"At various sites, labourers are working upto a height of 20 to 25 feet at present and are surrounded by electric wires while doing jobs varying from welding to others. \"I have spotted them without helmets, boots and safety belts and after I reported it to the incharge engineers, the labourers were reprimanded,\" said Karan Pandey, a resident of New Sanganer Road.Ajmer road is most vulnerable to the labourers where many work like Civil Lines metro station, laying of bed for Metro (launching operation) etc were taking place, which required heavy machinery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12148368", "title": "CNG price hiked by Rs 1.90/kg in Delhi, adjoining areas", "text": "NEW DELHI: CNG price in the national capital and adjoining towns has been increased by up to Rs 1.90 per kg, as costlier LNG was being imported to make up for fall in output from Reliance Industries gas field.Compressed natural gas in Delhi will cost Rs 1.70 per kg more at Rs 35.45 per kg with effect from midnight tonight, Indraprastha Gas Ltd , the sole retailer of CNG and piped natural gas in national capital, said in a press statement today.IGL hiked price of CNG sold to automobiles in Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad by Rs 1.90 per kg to Rs 39.80 per kg.This is the sixth increase in CNG rates this year. IGL had last raised CNG prices in Delhi by Rs 1.75 per kg to Rs 33.75 per kg from December 31.The hike had been necessitated because IGL is buying more of imported liquefied natural gas (LNG) after supplies from RIL's KG-D6 gas fields dried up. Imported fuel costs at least three times more than USD 4.20 per million British thermal unit rate fixed for domestic gas.City gas distributors like IGL are not getting any supplies from KG-D6 since September last year, after a 40 per cent output drop forced the government to cut supplies to non-priority sectors so that requirement of power and fertiliser plants can be fully met.Explaining the compulsions leading to the revision in the price of CNG, IGL managing director M Ravindran said, \"We are constrained to revise the retail price of CNG due to increase in the overall input cost of natural gas being sourced by us as a result of increased dependence on imported spot R-LNG.\"He added that the proportion of costly imported LNG vis-a-vis domestic gas in the overall pool of natural gas being procured for supply as CNG has risen to around 25%.With the demand for CNG increasing rapidly in the region, \"IGL is left with no other alternative but to source costly LNG (from the spot market) at well over three times the cost of domestic gas,\" he said.Ravindran said the increase would have minor impact on the per km running cost of vehicles. \"For autos, the increase would be 5 paisa per km, for taxi it would be 9 paisa per km and in case of buses, the increase would be 48 paisa per km, which translates to less than one paisa per passenger - km.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12141148", "title": "Supreme Court judge plays Daniel in Patna hotel portico", "text": "PATNA: On Sunday, Supreme Court (SC) judge and chairman of National Legal Services Authority Altamas Kabir heard the complaint of a Bihar middle school teacher Mithilesh Kumar (60) in the portico of a premier hotel here just when he was to leave the venue after the end of the concluding session of the two-day tenth national meet of the State Legal Services Authorities (SLSA) held there.It immediately became the case of yet another legend of a SC judge deciding to hear the complaint of an aggrieved at any place he or she pleases to choose, outside the court premises.As it is, Kumar, a trained science teacher who joined duty at Utkramit Madhya Vidyalaya, Bangra (Garkha, Saran district), on February 9 in pursuance of the SC order that had asked the state government to recruit 34,000 trained school teachers, kept pleading with the opaque security personnel that he be allowed to meet the 'sarkar (read SC judge)', at which Justice Kabir, who was about to board the car in the hotel's portico, personally called him, and also asked him to narrate his problem. Patna High Court (HC) Chief Justice Rekha M Doshit, HC judge and Bihar State Legal Services Authority (BSLSA) chairman Justice Shiva Kirti Singh, the High Court Legal Services Committee chairman Justice V N Sinha, among others, were present on the occasion, according to Kumar.As Kumar narrated, Saran district superintendent of education (DSE) had taken in writing from him that he had reached the retirement age of 60 years on February 29, and, therefore, he could not continue to teach, and that he could be allowed to teach in that government school only after the state government issued the directive with regard to the future of such teachers who had retired, or were about to retire, within a few months of joining the duty.\"I have not been paid my salary. That is not my problem. I should be allowed to teach, because the government is mulling over extending the retirement age of teachers by two years from 60 to 62,\" Kumar told Justice Kabir.Justice Kabir told Kumar to call on Patna HC chief justice after around a fortnight in association with other teachers like him. \"Sarkar (read Justice Kabir) told me that our problem will be heard by the Patna High Court chief justice,\" Kumar said, seeing a ray of hope that the state government could issue the executive order allowing teachers like him to continue to teach in the schools till 62 years of their age.Otherwise, during the in-camera concluding session of SLSA meet, representative of the Union ministry of law and justice presented the findings of the \"Needs Assessment Study of Legal Service Authorities\" and of a project with regard to `Access to Justice in Jammu and Kashmir and North Eastern States'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12139848", "title": "Mayawati may have to pay for 'disconnect' with masses", "text": "LUCKNOW: With barely one day left for declaration of results of Uttar Pradesh assembly polls, most of the exit polls are predicting ouster of the BSP government. History reveals that UP has never voted to power a CM for two consecutive terms. If Mayawati is able to pull a win, she would rewrite history. However, none of the exit poll has indicated towards this possibility. Although various exit polls have offered different tallies for different parties, they are unanimous on two points -- single-largest party status for SP and sharp decline in the number of seats likely to be won by the BSP. This way, Mayawati would be unsuccessful in repeating the feat of some of her contemporaries who have bucked the anti-incumbency factor. All the chief ministers who have enjoyed a second term in office in the past 15 years had solid reasons for being voted back to power.In Chhattisgarh, Raman Singh came back to power. In Madhya Pradesh, Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Narendra Modi in Gujarat, Nitish Kumar in Bihar, Navin Kumar Patnaik in Odisha, Sheila Dixit in Delhi and Tarun Gogoi in Assam have enjoyed two consecutive CM terms. Each had at least one trait that worked to their advantage. Most of them were voted back to power for a good governance and a pro-people image. This holds true in vase of Chhattisgarh, Gujarat and Bihar. In states where CMs were voted out after a single term in power, corruption, illegal or unfair acquisition of land and ill governance figured prominently as the key reasons. Examples are obvious. In West Bengal, Mamata Banerjee of the Trinamool Congress ousted the threedecade rule of the CPM over the land acquisition row in Nandigram and Singur. In Tamil Nadu and Kerala, people voted for a change to protest against corruption and ill-governance. The corruption issue compelled the Congress leadership to change three CMs in Maharashtra, while BJP gave marching order to two CMs in Uttarakhand and one in Karnataka.High on the index of corruption, illgovernance and forceful land acquisition, governance in UP is making headlines for all the wrong reasons. The multi-crore National Rural Health Mission scam was a tragic episode that exposed bureaucratic manipulations and the nexus of criminals and politicians. The Rs 6,000 crore centrally-sponsored scheme, meant for improving health care facilities at primary health centres was embezzled and misappropriated by the high and mighty, many of whom are now under arrest or scrutiny by the Central Bureau of Investigation. Action initiated against ministers, indicted for lapses, irregularities and corruption charges also appeared to be too little, too late. Chief minister Mayawati sacked 25 out of 58 ministers in the state.In doing so, she created an unparalleled record in the country. Eight were removed after they were indicted by the Lokayukta on corruption charges, while the remaining sacked for their poor performance. However, the action taken against them was rendered meaningless. Even infrastructure projects - land acquired for Yamuna and other expressway projects, besides that for business ventures initiated on a public private partnership model -are under a cloud of doubt. Acquisitions in the state evoked violent public protest. In this context, police caned agitating farmers and even opened fire in Bhatta-Parsaul in Noida and Tappal in Aligarh, an instance that still remains fresh in people's mind. More than ill-governance, Mayawati's disconnect with the masses is regarded as a greater concern. With an unenviable record of not meeting people, she discontinued the practice of Janata Darbar that previous CMs held to listen to the aggrieved people. It may be too soon to predict who will appeal more to the masses; but repeat performance comes with its own riders.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12141459", "title": "Angkor Wat temple 'Bhumi-pujan' today", "text": "PATNA: In the centenary year of the foundation of the state of Bihar , the Mahavir Mandir Trust, Patna, will be doing 'bumi-pujan' on Monday for construction of a replica of Angkor Wat temple which is the largest Hindu temple in the world. It is in Cambodia and was built in the early 12th century during the reign of the Cambodian king Suryavarman (1141-1152 AD).Trust secretary Acharya Kishore Kunal told TOI that the Trust is going to recreate the Angkor Wat temple at a place five km from Hajipur on main Hajipur-Bidupur Road in Vaishali district on a sprawling campus of 15 acres of land which has been christened 'Angkor Nagar'.\"The name of the temple will be 'Virat Angkor Wat Ram Mandir'. The site is blessed as Ram, Lakshman and Vishwamitra were welcomed here on their arrival by King Sumati of the Vaishali kingdom ,\" Kunal told TOI.As far as the size of the main temple is concerned it will be the largest Hindu temple in the world with its 'shikhar' 222 ft. tall which no temple in the country or the world has, he claimed.The constructed area of the main temple will be more than one lakh sq. ft. Like the famous Angkor Wat temple this Ram Mandir will be five-storied and have five 'shikhars. Apart from Ram and Sita, it will house many other deities such as Radha-Krishna, Shiva-Parvati, Ganesh, Surya, Vishnu and 10 incarnations of Lord Vishnu.\"It will be a Rs 100 crore project. The land's estimated value is Rs 30 crore. Land is already available with the temple. Construction cost of the structure will be Rs 30 crore,\" he said.Thereafter, the finishing work and installation of various deities will require another Rs 40 crore. The construction of the structure may take three to five years and the entire finishing work may take 10 years, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12145453", "title": "NTR throws a challenge to his competitors", "text": "NTR is all set to strike this summer with Dammu movie which is looking red hot right from the outset.The film's latest stills are only multiplying the expectations as NTR looks extremely powerful and determined in this film. His twirled moustache and matured looks are definitely going to be a big plus to portray this powerful character etched by Boyapati Srinu.NTR, who once challenged the top league heroes like Chiranjeevi, has not been in that sort of form in the recent past. None of his recent releases did an alarming business at the box office. Dammu is expected to be NTR's film to set the box office on fire and put him in the 40 crore (minimum) club.First look stills of Dammu are surely giving goose bumps to his fans and are sending shock waves among the other heroes fans. If Dammu lives up to the hype that is being generated now, sky will be the limit for it.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12140774", "title": "Country needs more neurosurgeons: Expert", "text": "PUNE: Neurosurgeons have called for a better infrastructure and recognition in India at the inauguration ceremony of the first international conference of the Neurological Surgeons Society of India (NSSI) at Poona Hospital and Research Centre. The three-day conference concluded on Sunday.Over 200 neurosurgeons from all over India and fifteen leading neurosurgeons from all over the World took part in the seminar. The theme of the event was 'Truthful neurosurgery and complication-free neurosurgery.'\"There is a wide gap in training of neurosurgeons. There are only 1,500 neurosurgeons in the country which is not enough,\" said neurosurgeon R Rajkumar, secretary, the NSSI, and professor and head of the department of neurosurgery at the Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences, Lucknow.Rajkumar added: \"There is no government policy for homogenised training of neurosurgeons. The investment for approximately a 10-bedded Neurological Center is about 100 crore which makes it all the more difficult to have that kind of infrastructure everywhere. The equipments required are expensive since doctors require a magnified view of blood vessels, arteries, etc. Although we have made advances in obtaining high-end equipment, manpower remains a critical issue.\"President of the NSSI, A K Mahapatra, professor and head of the department of neurosurgery at the All Indian Institute of Medical Science also stressed on the need for proper infrastructure. \"Our country will make headway in neurosurgery if proper infrastructure is available. Neurosurgeons have performed well as there have not been any referrals to other countries for neurological problems in recent times.\"\"Currently, 250 neurosurgeons are enrolled every year in India. So with this rate, by 2030, there will be 5,000 neurosurgeons, which may not be enough,\" Mahapatra said. Japan already has 6,000 neurosurgeons while a country like Turkey has 1,000 neurosurgeons, he added.\"The ideal ratio in developed country is 1 neurosurgeron per 2.5 lakh people. While in India, the ratio is 1 per 25 lakh to 30 lakh people,\" said city-based neurosurgeon Sushil Patkar, national vice-president, NSSI and organising chairman of the conference.He said \"truthful neurosurgery\" is an effort to pass on the critical knowledge to the next generation and make them aware of the latest technological advances in this field .A total of 60 papers presentations were made by the neurosurgeons at the conference that included topics like brain tumour, spine, epilepsy and related surgeries. Also, workshops for doctors were conducted across leading hospitals during the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12141848", "title": "No man\u2019s land", "text": "Iam pursuing my MPhil in adult continuing education and extension, and enrolled myself in the advanced certificate course in Women and Gender Studies at Delhi University this academic session, which is a three-month course. While I was doing my Masters in Labour and Development, I came across a study, which revealed that women in our country - even in the urban sector - are still very much a marginalised section. It was then that I decided to join the advanced certificate course.Back in Nalanda, Bihar, my hometown, I feel women conduct themselves more freely than in urban cities. Besides, women in the working sector are not treated on a par with men, even when they are talented. How many women today are part of the senior management in the corporate sector? I wanted to know the history of women's issues in our country and the world. This made me take up the course as it has interesting modules, which explore issues like the concept of gender and feminist theories.I realised that women's issues are not just limited to what we read in school texts, but that they are important and need to be studied and worked upon. Women's Studies is an interesting area of study, as it actually gives you an insight into gender and its role in society. Though it is still not offered as a full-fledged degree programme in most Indian universities, there is potential to diversify the course.Also, it gives you a clear picture of how women were treated in ancient times and in the world, besides, how free they were then. There is a need for women, even in metropolitan cities, to be empowered in respect of having the freedom to make life-choices on their own terms. The course makes one aware of the rights and the provisions that law offers to women.As for the future of women's studies in India, it seems prosperous although it stands at a very moderate position at the moment vis-a-vis the world. I wonder why few men are interested in taking up Women Studies. Surprisingly, there is no male faculty for the programme. I feel more men should join the field for a better perspective and understanding of gender relations.This will give way to more equality and uniformity in the social structure of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12141336", "title": "JD(U) to hold blood donation camps", "text": "PATNA: The Medical Cell of the JD(U) would organize blood donation camps across the state on April 23 to mark the birth anniversary of Veer Kuer Singh.A decision to this effect was taken at a state-level meeting of the Cell here on Sunday where JD(U) state president Vashisth Narayan Singh was present as the chief guest. Cell president Dr L B Singh, who presided over the meeting, said that several people die due to lack of blood. This programme is being organized to provide blood to the needy to save them from premature death, he said.Dr Singh said that the main programme would be organized in the state capital. Chief minister Nitish Kumar , Vashisht Narayan and senior party leaders would be present on the occasion. He said that an anti-tobacco campaign would start from May 31 in different districts of the state to apprise the people of its ill effects. He said that an awareness campaign would be launched against Aids on December 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12140523", "title": "Cidco will get anytime power bill payment service centre in phase II", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) has decided to revive the anytime payment (ATP) service for consumers in the city. But the Cidco area has not been mentioned in the list of centres announced. Company officials said it would be considered in the second phase.MSEDCL has decided to introduce the service at six centres in Nashik: Holaram Colony, Bhadrakali, MERI in Panchavati, Complaint Service at Devlali Camp, Kharbanda Park and Shivaji Nagar at Jail Road.An official said that contracts with none of the collection centres, responsible for collection of bills manually, have been terminated.The ATPs were shut two years back after being operational for a year, after the agency, which was given a commission of Rs5 per bill, had demanded Rs9 in the new contract. In the second phase, six areas are being proposed, and Cidco will be included.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12140347", "title": "Water cut in western suburbs, island city", "text": "MUMBAI: Parts of the island city and western suburbs will get 25% less water from Monday to Wednesday. The BMC will undertake work on the Maroshi-Ruparel water tunnel during the period, because of which the supply will be affected.According to civic officials, the hydraulics department will undertake the work of joining the Marol-Maroshi water pipeline with the Bhandup-Maroshi pipeline from Monday 11am to Wednesday 11am. Officials said that due to the repair work, the civic body will have to curtail water supply by 25% in A,B,C,D,E,G/South and G/North wards in the island city. Similarly, H/West and H/East wards (Khar, Bandra, Santa Cruz ) will also get 25% less water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "12140823", "title": "Religions unite in fight against nuclear plant", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: In a strong message that all religions are united in the fight against the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KKNPP), protesters offered special prayers at the Viswamithrar temple situated at Vijayapathi village near Kudankulam, on Sunday.About 250 villagers, both men and women fasted from Friday onwards to prepare themselves for the ritual of carrying milk pots to the temple. At the break of day on Sunday, people from coastal villages like Chettikulam, Kudankulam, Idinthakarai, Vairavikinaru, Avudayapuram, Thillainagar, Koothankuli gathered at the Pathrakaliamman temple at Kudankulam where special prayers were offered before commencing the rally. After the prayers, 207 women carried the milk pots and went on a rally through Kudankulam, Vairavikinaru, Idinthakarai, Mela Vijayapathi and Keela Vijayapathi to reach the Viswamithrar temple situated on the sea shore at Vijayapathi village.The rally, which started from Kudankulam at 6am, reached the temple by 7.15am after which special poojas were performed. The villagers, who hailed from all religious denominations, received the 'prasad' at the temple and prayed that the KKNPP will be abandoned.\"Viswamithrar is a powerful sage and legend has it that with the help of Rama and Lakshmana, he even stopped the rain to continue his 'yagnam'. We are seeking his divine intervention so that the nuclear power plant may never be commissioned at Kudankulam\", said Venkat of Kudankulam.\"We prayed earnestly at the temple seeking the blessings of Viswamithrar and we believe that the temple deity is very powerful. We fasted for last three days to offer the prayers and we believe our prayers will be answered,\" said Pathrakali from Vairavikinaru.The move comes at a crucial moment as the struggle against KKNPP has been given a religious colour with allegations that people from one particular religion are spearheading the struggle. Recently, when the Union minister of state, PMO, V Narayanasamy addressed a meeting organised by the trade industries at Madurai, he hinted that a particular religion is behind the struggle and he had advised those religious leaders not to politicise the developmental works of the country. He had also mentioned that he sought the divine intervention of Goddess Meenakshi to commission the plant during his address.\"People from every religion, including Muslims from Keela Vijayapathi participated in the ceremony and offered prayers at the temple. Among the 207 milk pots, 13 of them were carried by Christians from Idinthakarai. We are together in our fight against the nuclear power plant that will endanger our lives,\" said Peter Milton from Idinthakarai, who is also a member of the People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE).Meanwhile, some miscreants damaged the compound wall of a school owned by S P Udayakumar, convener of PMANE, on Saturday night. Udayakumar runs Saccer School at Palavizhai near Nagercoil. A police complaint has been filed with the Rajakamangalam police in this regard. PMANE has called it the handiwork of Hindu Munnani and Congress workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12139424", "title": "Childhood lost before he wriggled free", "text": "NEW DELHI: Raju's ordeal began on May 16, 2009, when he left home to fetch milk for his younger brother. By the time he returned home, he had lost his childhood. His hands and feet were swollen, his back bore whip marks, strange tattoos had been engraved on his chest and arms, and he had become inured to harsh conditions.At the age of 12, he could go without food for days and tolerate forced intoxication. He had been immured in a small room at a local circus in Amritsar, where he was reportedly sold off for Rs 3 lakh by two teenage boys. It was by a leap of courage that he managed to escape the hellhole, knowing full well what awaited him if he failed in the attempt.That morning when he had stepped out to buy milk, he was hustled into a car, barely a few metres away from his house in southeast Delhi. The car occupants bound and gagged him and took him to a room, where he was locked. He was then put on a goods train that took him to the circus. Here he was made to wash dishes for almost 18 hours a day despite his skin peeling off and hands swelling due to overexposure to cold.Raju, however, is luckier than two other boys, aged 13 and 6 years, who are still being made to work in the same circus. Raju himself is still to come to terms with reality despite being at home for the past two months. The trauma has not only changed his appearance from a chubby boy to a bag of bones, but has also left deep scars on his mind. On Sunday afternoon it took hours for a terrified Raju to open up. What finally induced him to speak was not some goodies but a concern for those who find themselves in the same predicament.He has no clue what was the date when he managed to escape confinement. All he remembers is that it was a busy day at the circus and his roommate offered to divert the attention of the owners while he escaped.He boarded the first bus he saw and got down at a gurdwara. \"I performed sewa there for a week until a devotee who happened to be a CRPF constable brought me home,\" said Raju.For the three years that he was missing, his mother Rupa visited the local police station almost every day. But the only time she heard from the police was when they learned about Raju's return.When TOI contacted SHO Surrender Singh of Jaitpur police station, his response precluded any questions on whether the cops ever probed the trafficking racket that Raju fell prey to. \"We have no cases of missing children,\" was all that was said and the call was disconnected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12140153", "title": "Remedial tactics", "text": "A paper decree is of no use. It is worth filing a litigation only when the order can be enforced and implemented. The Consumer Protection Act (CPA) offers two remedies when a party fails to obey the order. However, there is confusion among litigants, the bench and the bar about the manner in which proceedings have to be initiated and conducted in case of non-compliance of orders.Justice S B Mhase, the president of the Maharashtra State Commission, has passed detailed judgments giving guidelines to clarify the procedure governing execution proceedings for recovering the decretal amounts. [Amir Ali Tharani v/s Rajesh Sukhtankar &amp; Anr. II (2011) CPJ 23 and Abhijit Amrrutrao Bedake &amp; ORs. v/s Dwarkanath Dagduram Karwa -III (2011) CPJ 106]Remedy under Section 25Section 25 of the CPA is applicable only to money recoverable under an award passed by the consumer fora. It is not applicable to non-monetary claims such as failure to obey directions given by the fora.The section empowers a consumer forum to issue a recovery certificate for the amount payable under its order, which would be sent to the collector, who would recover the amount in the same manner prescribed for recovering arrears of land revenue.The state commission observed that the consumer forum's role does not end on issuing a recovery certificate. The consumer fora exercise a supervisory control over the collector and revenue officers. If it is found that the collector has unduly delayed the execution of certificate, or wrongly refused or avoided executing it, the consumer fora must invoke their powers under Section 195 of the Code of Criminal Procedure. This means that the collector or revenue officers would face prosecution for contempt of lawful authority of the consumer fora.While executing the recovery certificate, the collector usually recovers his administrative costs from the amount recovered. The deduction results in the complainant not getting the entire amount due to him. The state commission has held that the collector's administrative costs must be collected from the party from whom the money is being recovered, which would be in addition to the amount being collected as per the recovery certificate. This would ensure that no deduction is made from the amount to be realized by the consumer.Remedy under Section 27Section 27 of the CPA is applicable in case of non-compliance of an order of the forum. It can be invoked for failure to pay an amount due under an order of the consumer forum, or for disobedience of the directions given.These are criminal proceedings. The procedure applicable to a summary trial under Chapters XX and XXI of the Code of Criminal Procedure is to be followed. This means that the complainant who seeks to enforce the order must appear before the district forum and his statement must be recorded.After this, summons are issued to the person who is accused of not having complied with the forum's order. If the accused fails to appear, the forum has to issue a bailable warrant through the police to secure his presence. Even when the accused appears, he has to submit a bail application. In ordinary course, bail must be granted, and jail is an exception. Along with bail, the accused must furnish a personal bond or surety as may be directed by the consumer forum.Some fora grant time to the accused to file his reply, while some allow payment in installments without conducting the trial. The state commission has observed that this is legally not correct. The order has to be complied in its totality. In case of non-compliance, the consumer forum must explain the offence to the accused, and record his statement as to whether he pleads guilty or not. The trial should then be conducted summarily.Simultaneous proceedingsThe state commission has held that multiple execution applications can be made either under Section 25 or under Section 27, depending upon the facts of the case. No appeal can be filed against interim, interlocutory and procedural orders passed in a proceeding under Section 27, but an appeal would lie only against the final order. These guidelines will give much needed relief to harried consumers.(The author is a consumer rights activist and has won the Government of India's National Youth Award for Consumer Protection. His email is jehangir_gai@indiatimes.com)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12141469", "title": "Holi: Herbal colours sell like hot cakes in city", "text": "PATNA: Playing safe Holi with herbal colours seems to be the motto of Patnaites this year. Even the comparative high prices of herbal colours compared to the ones with chemical content do not seem to bother residents here. No wonder, sale of herbal colours has picked up in the state capital.\"Although the herbal colours are more costly, I prefer them to any chemical colour. At least the herbal colours will not harm my skin,\" said Sugandha Singh, a customer purchasing colours at a city market for the upcoming Holi festival.\"Last year I faced lots of skin problems after Holi. I do not want to take any chances this year and will be using herbal colours. They are not only skin-friendly but also have good smell,\" said Hemant Jha, a city resident who was out purchasing colours for Holi.Prem Kumar, a shopkeeper at Boring Canal Road, said: \"We have various varieties and shades of herbal colours on sale from baby pink to turmeric yellow, aqua blue, Mysore sandal, milky white and ocean green.\"In fact, to meet the high demand for herbal colours in the city traders have ensured availablility of not just one or two varieties but a whole range of herbal colours in market ranging between Rs 15 to Rs 500 depending on the quantity and shades.Herbal spray colours and perfume colours are also in much demand. \"But the sale of 'gulaal' is much more than colours and sprays,\" said Deepak Kumar, a shopkeeper at Kadam Kuan.Doctors are also in the favour of skin-friendly herbal colours. \"The use of synthetic colours can cause skin damages,\" said Dr Amarkant Jha Amar, a dermatologist.He said dark colours, especially black and brown, contain heavy metal like zinc and mercury which can cause serious skin damage like erosion of skin layers along with irritation, redness, marks and skin burning. If goes into mouth and nose these colours can also cause digestive and respiratory problems.\"It is better to use friendly herbal colours made of flower petals and seeds, turmeric and other natural products rather than metals and harmful materials,\" Dr Amar said, adding: \"Before playing Holi, apply mustard oil or a mixture of curd and 'besan' on the body and let it dry.Dr PC Gupta, eye specialist also suggests playing Holi safely and using herbal colours saying, \"Synthetic colours can cause chemical injury, irritation, redness and ulcer in the eyes.\" He said, \"If colour goes into the eyes wash it with clean water.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12141058", "title": "Jodhpur Park woman was murdered", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after the body of a 27-year-old woman was found at her rented apartment in posh Jodhpur Park Garden area on Saturday morning, the post mortem on Sunday found marks around her neck, which suggest the woman was strangled to death.On Saturday morning, police recovered the body of Baishakhi Biswas after receiving a phone call from a person who claimed that his wife hanged herself. Police rushed to the spot but the person who informed the cops was not present there. Cops then broke into the flat and found the woman dead.Probe revealed that the caller called up from Baruipur area. After initial probe, police suspect that Biswas's husband Razaul Haque Seikh is involved in the murder. \"Rezaul was Biswas's second husband. Nearly 15 months ago, the couple moved into the third floor apartment of Jodhpur Park Garden and their relation turned bitter,\" said an investigator. With the husband missing, the two-and-a-half-year-old kid of the couple was also not found at the flat. Police suspect that Rezaul fled with the kid.Initial investigation hints the woman was killed late on Saturday. Police are now looking for Rezaul tracking his cell phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12140626", "title": "Beware! These vehicles are highly inflammable", "text": "KOCHI: Vehicles transporting gas cylinders in the city are violating safety norms and this could prove to be a major public threat say motor vehicles department (MVD) officials. MVD has booked seven vehicles during the past six months for hazardously carrying cooking gas cylinders.In a recent enforcement drive, department officials seized a vehicle that was carrying gas cylinders flouting safety norms. Assistant motor vehicle inspector Deepu NK said the vehicle had a rusted platform and defective exhaust pipe that emitted sparks while transporting about 68 gas cylinders. This could have resulted in a major explosion, he added.A senior MVD official confirmed that many vehicles supplying gas cylinders in city outskirts are also flouting safety norms. \"The motor vehicles act clearly says that vehicles manufactured after 2006 that are used to transport gas cylinders and other hazardous substances should be equipped with anti-lock braking system (ABS). But many of these vehicles don't have ABS and have rusted platforms,\" he said.The motor vehicle inspector said such vehicles are more vulnerable to accidents and service providers must realize the gravity of this issue. \"It is mandatory that permit and fitness certificates of vehicles carrying hazardous or dangerous substances should be renewed annually. But many vehicles, especially those in remote areas, don't renew their permit and fitness certificate,\" an official said.Ernakulam regional transport officer (RTO) TJ Thomas said that though the department is conducting raids to ensure safety norms, they are helpless in remote areas of the city. \"There are so many vehicles in remote areas and we are not able to track them because of staff shortage,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12141108", "title": "Bharathiya Mazdoor Sangh takes up labourers\u2019 cause with chief minister", "text": "MANGALORE: Bharathiya Mazdoor Sangh (BMS) has urged chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda to announce special package for labourers in the upcoming budget of 2012-13. A delegation led by BMS state president K Ramakrishna Poonja met the CM and submitted a memorandum in this regard in Bangalore on Thursday.BMS district president K Vishwanath Shetty, who was a part of the delegation, told reporters here on Saturday that the government should announce a special package to improve the social and economic status of labourers in the state.\"Our major demand is that the minimum wage for labourers in the organized and unorganized sectors should be above Rs 10,000 and this should be announced in the budget. The system of hiring labourers on contract should be abolished completely. The government should announce that no companies will be allowed to continue hiring labourers on contract basis after April 1, 2013,\" he said.Citing the example of legislation passed by Tamil Nadu government, Vishwanath demanded that those contract labourers, who completed 480 days of work in two years, should be absorbed as permanent staff in that organization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12141731", "title": "Build your own pension plan", "text": "Change a leaky faucet, fix an electricity point, tighten a loose hinge-people do many things around the house to save money . Add one more to your do-it-yourself list this year. Make your own pension plan and save considerably more than the money you pay a plumber or an electrician.The pension plan market has all but dried up after the Irda's diktat that insurers must give guaranteed returns on annuities. Most insurers have stopped selling pension plans. On the other hand, distributors don't want to push the low-cost New Pension Scheme (NPS) despite an upward revision in their commission.Don't let your retirement planning suffer due to the regulatory problems and the distribution logjam . Take control of your retirement planning by structuring and managing your own pension plan. A little bit of research and prudent investment choices can help you save big on the commission and other charges payable on a pension product from an insurance company.Besides, it will be more transparent , and as the fund manager of your pension portfolio, you will have complete control over the investments . You can change the asset allocation as per your risk appetite and make changes you feel are necessary to optimise returns.PV Subramanyam, financial trainer at Iris, is a long-time believer of the do-it-yourself approach to retirement planning. \"The withdrawal of pension products by insurers is perhaps the best thing that could have happened to investors,\" he laughs. Subramanyam suggests that young investors should put their money in diversified large-cap equity funds and not be too concerned about short-term volatility. \"In 20-25 years they will earn a handsome return ,\" he says.However, not everybody can manage his investments over an extended period. You need to have some knowledge of investment options , understand concepts like portfolio rebalancing and conduct basic research yourself. If you have the skills, go ahead and build your retirement plan. Here are a few steps that can help you build a successful pension plan.Automate savingsDiscipline is the key to long-term savings. To ensure this, put your savings plan on an auto mode by setting up ECS mandates for your SIPs in mutual funds. Keep the SIP payment date as close as possible to the day you get your salary so that there is no chance of blowing up the money on discretionary items. This way you won't have to depend on your will power to invest. Your bank will do it even if you are feeling jittery about investing in an overheated market.Smart tip:Opt for the Voluntary Provident Fund deduction in addition to your PF. VPF contributions enjoy the Sec 80C tax benefits and withdrawals are tax-free .Diversify investmentsYour pension plan is a long-term commitment. It will see many ups and downs and market cycles. Don't concentrate the investments in one asset class. It is best to diversify across equity and debt so that one black swan event doesn't wipe out gains of several years. Even within equities, large cap or multi-cap diversified mutual funds are your best bets. \"Stay away from thematic schemes, sectoral funds and exotic products when you are saving for retirement . A simple index fund or a diversified multi-cap equity fund will work better,\" says Dhirendra Kumar, CEO of Value Research. In debt too, don't concentrate the investments in one option or maturity. Have a mix of fixed deposits of different terms, debt funds and fixed maturity plans.Smart tip:Use the '100 minus your age' rule to know how much you should put in stocks.Rebalance periodicallyRebalancing is profit booking by another name. If the equity component in your portfolio surges ahead and your desired asset allocation changes, it may be time to rebalance . This might seem counter-intuitive because you will be required to prune the asset class that is doing well. Believe us, restoring the original asset mix in your portfolio not only reduces the risk but also holds the key to long-term wealth creation. Experts say rebalancing should be done once in 12-18 months. If you do it more often, it amounts to timing the market and defeats the purpose.Smart tip:Try copying the auto choice of the NPS in which the 50% equity exposure is reduced by 2% every year after the investor turns 35. It reduces the portfolio risk.Watch the costsWhen you have an investment horizon of 15-20 years, even a small difference in cost can balloon into a big amount. The funds of funds offered by some mutual fund houses have very high charges. The buyer effectively pays an expense ratio for two funds. In stark comparison, the 0.0009% fund management fee charged by the NPS is one of the lowest in the world. \"Buy passive funds and investment options that have a low cost structure,\" advises Dhirendra Kumar.Smart tip:Index funds and ETFs have lower expense ratios than actively managed equity funds.Minimise tax outgo", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12140970", "title": "CPI protests golf meet at Boulder Hills", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police on Sunday arrested Communist Party of India (CPI) leader Narayana and his associates for staging a dharna in front of Boulder Hills golf course in Manikonda.They were demanding that a charity match which had been organised by a corporate hospital chain at the golf course be stopped.On Sunday morning, Narayana with 15 of his associates staged the dharna asking the management to immediately call off the ongoing charity tournament.The CPI leader's contention was how a tournament could be allowed when CBI was still probing irregularities committed by Emaar in the Boulder Hills project.Police arrested the protesters under section 151 of the CrPC and released them later on a personal bond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12140699", "title": "Life at Devaraja Market gets normal", "text": "MYSORE: Life at the century-old Devaraja Market in the city, where an accidental fire ravaged 18 vegetable shops on Friday, is getting back to normal.It was business as usual on Sunday as shop owners, who lost their belongings in the fire, started selling vegetables.The affected shop owners want the Mysore City Corporation (MCC) to rebuild the damaged shops located on the inner periphery of the 126-year-old marketplace. The MCC has prepared an estimate of Rs 5 lakh to rebuild the shops.Deputy mayor M J Ravikumar, who is representing the area, said he will approach the deputy commissioner to fast track the process. \"The rules do not permit to take up works costing more than Rs 1 lakh without calling tenders. However, considering the emergency situation, I will meet the DC. The owners require the facility urgently and getting back to work only after one day break is pointer to the need,\" he told TOI.Mysore MP H Vishwanath, accompanied by Narasimharaja MLA Tanveer Sait and mayor Pushpalatha Chikkanna, visited the spot and took stock of the situation.When asked whether they want the facility to be modernized, the traders said they have suffered huge losses and will be happy if the damaged part is restored forthwith.The MCC has extended Rs 5,000 as compensation each to those who have suffered the losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12132312", "title": "Vidya Balan is an eternal optimist", "text": "She feels that Kolkata - that she calls \"my city\" - is one of the safest places in the country. So what does Vidya Balan , queen bee of the Bollywood, feel about the restriction that all pubs and nightclubs in the city have to shut by midnight?\"I am not a party animal and I've never partied in Kolkata,\" she confesses to us as we take a car ride with her from the airport on Saturday. Vidya is in the city for a day on a film promotional tour. \"But then, partying is part of the city's culture. I think there should be some relaxation at least on weekends. But maybe there is a reason for imposing this rule. Maybe people are not following rules. I see it as a precautionary measure. When you are out on the street, rules need to be followed and to follow them, one has to be mature.\"The smooth ride through Rajarhat resembles Vidya's current careergraph. Having set a benchmark with her Silk in \"The Dirty Picture\", all eyes are fixed on her for her next. So, is she getting butterflies? \"I am always nervous and excited about a new release. I am sleep starved promoting a film all by myself. But I have come to my city and I already feel better. Sujoy Ghosh has put in all that he has to in his film to tell the story with all honesty. I hope the audience connects with the story of Bidya Bagchi and Kolkata,\" she says, looking bright in her yellow kurta and jeans.She spots the hoarding of Rituparna Sengupta's new movie and asks, \"Which film's that?\" When we tell her the name, she immediately wants to know how it is. No, she can't catch it, as she is here just for a day. We tell her that she's the flavour of the season and she answers casually, \"I hope I am the flavour for a lifetime. It makes me feel good. God has been kind to me. My dream is to be an actor, to do good work. It's heartening to know that directors have this kind of faith in me.\"So has she reached the zenith now? With a million-dollar smile, she says, \"I feel very fortunate to be in Indian cinema at this time. Women are now being humanized. So far, we have either been glorified or demeaned. Now they are less judgmental about women in cinema and a lot of that credit goes to the director. That apart, I am also a greedy actor.\" Vidya must have had a role in bringing about this change in perception towards women in cinema, we suggest.Change doesn't happen overnight. This is the time it is being manifested in cinema. My work is an extension of my belief. I come from a background where I've been encouraged to follow my guts and not necessarily the easier path. I veer towards this kind of cinema and vice versa. I am glad that I'm being seen as a face and voice for change,\" Vidya reasons.So, there's no compulsion or pressure to be a trendsetter with every release? \"No. I've never had a plan in life. I'm an eternal optimist. People will continue to write great scripts and hopefully, some of those will come to me. I'll give it my best, that much is in my control,\" she says. Vidya believes in following her heart. \"But it has to be something that I believe in. I get bored very easily. It's great that I'm getting the opportunity to play so many different people on celluloid and I'm making the most of it.\"Interestingly, the same person who is now being lauded as unique was once ridiculed for her roles and sense of fashion. How does it feel? \"Perceptions have changed because I started to change. I stopped doing what was expected of me. I reclaimed and accepted myself. It's only when you accept yourself that the world accepts you,\" she says.Finally then, at this blessed juncture, what is the one thing that she wants to be asked? The smile's back, this time in surprise. \"Oh god, I've never thought about that... I think I've been asked everything under the sun.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12141624", "title": "Take a break to do better in exams: Experts", "text": "PANAJI: As the Class XII Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education exams are set to begin this week, it is not just the students who are feeling the pangs but their parents too are overcome with nervousness.As March arrives, students have an imaginably full schedule with their revisions and solving of question papers, those last minute tuition classes to catch up in 'weak subjects' and the endless study hours at home that run much past midnight.Parents panic if the child is seen taking time off his books even for half an hour. But experts say that pushing students at the last minute can leave the child 'distressed'.Experts are of the opinion that stress is inevitable but a certain level of stress is necessary to help performance. This stress is called positive stress. But negative stress or distress can hinder performance. Dr Ramakant Dukle, senior psychiatrist, suggested that as exams draw closer a more efficient timetable is necessary.Dr Dukle said that parents and students should be in tune with each others capabilities. And together they should constantly keep reality in mind. \"It is the duty of the parent to understand the capability of the child and motivate him. Education should be seen as part of personality growth.\"He added that parents need to understand that education is not just the end result but a process and modality to try and enrich oneself.Child behavioural psychologist, Sunita Alfonso, said that students who wait to pick up at the last minute should set realistic goals and not look at achieving the unmanageable. \"Otherwise, the system becomes afraid and nervous. It cannot cope and therefore the student might blank out.\"Psychiatrists also warn parents against trying to fulfill through their child what they have not been able to attain themselves. In other cases, children also tend to have high ambitions even if the parents have not been ambitious in their achievements. Doctors advice children not to try and compete but to compare their performance with only their own.Parents are advised by experts to realize that the brain has the ability to absorb for only around eight hours. And they should understand that if they force children to study for longer it only leads to distress for the child.Teachers, on the other hand, are advised to lay more stress on experiential education through practicals, exercises, etc as the exams draw closer. It is very important for teachers to understand that if the child comprehends the concept he will be in a better position to solve problems.Dr Dukle said, \"Support and counseling from teachers and parents, yoga, exercise and relaxation is important. It is also vital for students to get adequate sleep, food and all the tender, loving care and encouragement possible from parents.\"Tips for students* Never cut short sleep.* Identify the hours of time for which you can to absorb study material at a length. And devote only those many hours to study.* Ideally do not spend over 8 to 10 hours a day studying. Use the rest of the time for some leisure activity that helps your mind relax.* Try to understand concepts and not just mug up. Time spent understanding concepts are more valuable and sure to yield results.* Lots of fruits, curd, milk and water are essential. Avoid heavy food and maintain a light diet.* Physical activity will do you good. Go out for walks or play a sport everyday. Practice yoga or meditation for a little while each day* Do not take medicines to stay up or avoid occurrence of illness you are prone to. Do not drink too much tea or coffee to stay awake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12140921", "title": "Achuthanandan's son stripped of IT power ahead of panel report", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The department of education has decided to take action against V A Arunkumar, son of opposition leader V S Achuthanandan, even before an assembly committee has submitted its report.Arunkumar has been stripped of the IT portfolio in the Institute of Human Resources Development (IHRD), where he is serving as the additional director. The IT portfolio has been brought directly under the director of IHRD through an order issued by the department. The order says that the new decision has been taken to strengthen the IT wing of the IHRD department. Arun Kumar has been holding the charge of additional director in-charge of software development of the IHRD since 1998.The order says that IHRD is in acute shortage of funds and in order to tide over the precarious situation, time-bound augmentation of funds is essential.\"Strengthening of IT department would speed-up the mobilization of revenue. As part of this initiative, the IT department of IHRD has been put directly under the director of the IHRD,\" says the order.The assembly committee is probing into the allegations that he has secured the additional director post of IHRD and Information and Communication Technology (ICT) academy director post without having the necessary qualifications. The committee is to finalize the report on March 8 and submit before the state assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12140700", "title": "Little cherubs win hearts", "text": "The campus of Cherubs Pre-school was full of giggles and gurgles as students took part in 'Barbies and Brats', a fashion-cum-talent show, on Sunday.While the youngest participant was six months old, the eldest was all of five years. They competed across five categories. As beautifully dressed toddlers and kids walked the ramp with their mothers, Dr Vinu Kumar and Ravneet Baidwan judged the show. All participants received a certificate.Extremely happy with the response, school's founder Ruchika Arora said, ''The main motive for holding the event was to build up confidence in the children.''After her son was declared Stylish Baby in the age group of six months to one year, homemaker and resident of Model Town Priya Pahwa said, ''Age is no longer bar. Toddlers do wonders these days and I am very proud of my baby, who is very active.''The Charming Smile title went to Jeenal Gupta, daughter of Neelam and Vinay Gupta, residents of Dugri. An excited Neelam said, ''It is a great feeling as this was Jeenal's first such show.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12146610", "title": "How to be a social introvert", "text": "Yes, you read it right. Just because you are terribly shy and an introvert doesn't mean you can't be social and amiable .If you find it difficult to talk to people when you are at a party or a wedding, just follow the guidelines below and see how easy it is to socialize without feeling ostracized!-Be yourself. Don't be shy or afraid to express your opinion on matters. It's okay if people disagree or laugh on them. Everyone is entitled to an opinion.-Having a healthy sense of humour always helps. Crack a joke or two. But be sure you aren't rude or insensitive. And never get personal.-If you want to start a conversation with someone pick topics of general interest like sports , movies, books etc. See to it that you don't bore the other person.-It is advisable to mingle with like-minded people. Talk to people who share the same interest as you. This way you'll find it easier to break the ice.-Remember to be a good listener. Instead of simply nodding to what the other person is talking about partake in the conversation by actually listening to what he or she is saying. It will give you a chance to not only share your own ideas but also exchange information.-Be optimistic and smile as much as you can. A smile in a social setup is a sign of encouragement. It conveys to the receiver that you care about what he or she is saying. Of course, smiling without a reason or for everything could creep some people out!purvaja.sawant@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12141149", "title": "Land sharks dupe steel major in Howrah, two arrested", "text": "KOLKATA: The inevitable has happened. Thanks to Mamata Banerjee's 'no' to land acquisition, brokers are out to fleece the prospective investors. taking advantage of the fragmented land character in the state.At a time when the land scarcity is proving to be a major problem for any significant investment in Bengal, complaints of investors being cheated by land sharks have already made industry circles jittery.In the latest such incident, a 7,500-crore worth steel major, which engaged brokers to buy 110 acres for a Rs 800-crore steel cold rolling and galvanizing unit off NH-6 in Howrah's Domjur, has been cheated to the tune of Rs 60 crore. The deeds for about 80 acres of land were all fake, the company said in its complaint to police.Bhushan Steel Ltd (BSL) had entered into an agreement with the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government and WBIDC on May 11, 2007 to set up this unit. As per the agreement, the government was to acquire 90 acres through WBIDC and lease it out to BSL for 99 years. The land earmarked by the government in South 24-Parganas, however, didn't have the requisite infrastructure for a project of such magnitude. The company then tried to scout for land on its own and zeroed in on Domjur.(though it falls under Sankrail assembly segment) for the project.A south Kolkata-based father-son duo, who had earlier helped the company acquire land in Hooghly's Rishra (where the company already has a functional unit) approached it and handed over provided a trouble-free handover of 110 acres of land to it in Domjur without any trouble. At their behest, the company on September 21, 2007 (the same year), entered into an MoU with three land brokers. The agents stood as guarantor. The financial terms, as per the MoU, was quite clear - 110 acres will be sold at Rs 1.25 lakh per cottah. The land would be made available to BSL within 60 days. And Rs 3 crore was paid as advance by BSL to the brokers. In three years since 2007, BSL (along with its two \"group firms\") paid Rs 60 crore to these brokers.S Bhattacharya, BSL's legal advisor, said: \"The brokers showed power of attorney (PoA) which the landowners had reportedly executed in their favour. Based on it, 80 acres of land were registered on behalf of the company. Only when the company went to mutate the land in their favour with the block land and land reforms officer (BLLRO), was the fraud detected.\" A complaint filed with IGP (South Bengal) on February 20, this year (a copy of which is with TOI) reads: \"Subsequently, when we went to mutate the plots, we were surprised to know that execution of PoA, on the basis of which the plots were registered in our favour, were not genuine.\"Two FIRs were lodged in this connection in Domjur police station on December 8, 2011 (FIRs No.s 687/2011 and 688/2011). The letter to the IGP was send last month. Howrah SP Rabindranath Banerjee said: \"Two persons - the last only yesterday night have been arrested so far. Investigation is on.\"Local Trinamool MLA and Howrah Improvement Trust chairperson Sital Sardar said, \"The company has been cheated.\" Kalyan Ghosh, Trinamool's Howrah district convener and a local resident, said: \"The issue is far from being resolved.\"BSL, incidentally, has already shelved its ambitious Rs 20,000-crore worth, 6 million tonnes per annum (MTPA) steel plant in the Asansol industrial area, for which it required about 2,500 acres. Its plans were affected by the government's decision to not acquire land for industry after Mamata assumed office in May, 2011.And Bhushan's is not an isolated case. Earlier, state-run Webel had allegedly paid Rs 1.25 crore for a 2.5-acre plot at Jagadishpur - already purchased by a construction firm earlier - by relying on \"forged\" land deeds and a voters' identity card of the supposed owner. There is no trace of the money or individuals with whom this deal was carried out. Recently, there were similar allegations in Bankura where political leaders were part of such land rackets.Nobel laureate economist Joseph Stiglitz had already said government role in facilitating acquisition could help reduce problems industry was facing in acquiring land in Bengal. Economist Dipankar Dasgupta said, \"In my view, this (a government hands-off policy) isn't going to work. Even to buy a 100 acre, private industry has to deal with many land owners - or middlemen. This will deter industry, already fraught with market uncertainties. I personally believe this isn't an isolated case.\" Economist Ajitabha Roychowdhury said, \"It is perfectly acceptable if the government doesn't help to acquire land, provided it facilities the land market. In my view, this government while leaving everything to the market isn't very clear on its subsequent role. It will work only if the buyer and sellers have adequate information. Is this being done?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12139824", "title": "BSP thousand times better ally than SP: Beni Prasad Verma", "text": "LUCKNOW: While the Congress leadership has been at pains denying any post-poll tie-up in UP, Union minister Beni Prasad Verma stirred a hornet's nest on Sunday saying the BSP was a \"thousand times better\" option than the Samajwadi Party if the Congress had to look for an ally.\"BSP toh theek hai. Daliton ki party hai. Par SP to goondon ki party hai. Sara pradesh pareshan ho jayega (BSP is alright. It's a dalit-based party. But the SP is full of goons. People will suffer if the SP comes to power),\" said Verma, who was once SP boss Mulayam Singh Yadav's close political colleague.Verma said this in reply to a question on the possible alliances for the Congress if no party gets a majority. He said he still believes the Congress would either form the government or would be the kingmaker, adding that UP could see President's rule if the Congress and BSP do not get hitched. Incidentally, Verma had a few weeks ago advised Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to resign and make way for party general secretary Rahul Gandhi.Verma also said the SP wasn't a secular party and that it has joined hands with saffron forces in the past. \"Congress should ally with BSP or there should be President's rule,\" he added, and praised Rahul saying he could not be blamed if the party failed to deliver a victory.A rattled Congress leadership, however, soon moved to clarify things. UP Congress chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi issued a rebuttal saying Verma's statement on the BSP was his personal view. \"What he said was his personal view and not the party's stand. The Congress will sit in the opposition if it doesn't get a majority,\" she said.Political analysts say that although Verma is known to shoot his mouth off, his comment cannot be taken lightly. Verma has become the Congress's OBC face and under his influence, for the first time, the party fielded a large number of OBCs: 110. The Congress' base in UP until now has been mainly dalit, Muslims and brahmins.Mulayam and Verma, both disciples of socialist leader Ram Manohar Lohia, built their political careers on anti-Congressism. Mulayam has influence over Yadavs and Verma over Kurmis. However, Verma ended 40 years of his friendship with Mulayam in 2007 due to the increasing clout of Amar Singh in the party.Political observers also say that many Congress leaders like Raj Babbar and Rashid Masood share Verma's sentiment. All these leaders were with the SP for years but were forced to leave in bitterness. None of them would want to support Mulayam or depend on his help. Other Congressmen said Rahul has declared that he would not ally with goons (SP) and thieves (BSP).Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12141291", "title": "Farmers roped in to supply water for wild animals", "text": "COIMBATORE: The forest department has involved about 100 large scale farmers to ensure drinking water for wild animals during summer. The initiative has been launched with an aim to contain the growing rate of human-animal conflict in Coimbatore region.The farmers from Thadagam, Boluvampatti, Periyanaicken Palayam, Karamadai and Sirumugai areas will be permitted by forest department to draw water from their own wells and take that to two km inside the forest.The farmers will also help to lay pipeline to get water inside the forest and the water would be stored in pits dug by the department. Animals including elephants can drink water from these storages till June.\"All these farmers have wells with better irrigation facility. We are using their facilities to meet drinking water needs of animals. As water will be taken inside the forests for up to two km, there would be no issue of the animals straying into the agricultural lands. Further, the presence of water would help the under vegetation to grow despite the heat,'' says Coimbatore divisional forest officer V Thirunavukarasu.The project is part of the efforts of forest department to ensure water for animals across the forests in the region till the end of summer. The department has also started constructing 20 check dams across major streams in the six forest ranges. The check dams would store water up to 2.5 metres and they would also meet the drinking needs of animals. Efforts are also on to improve pits and ponds in the forests and fill them with enough quantity of water. According to Thiruvavukarasu, water would be made available every 3 km inside the forest for animals. The department is also planning to make borewells on the forest borders to take water inside the jungles.\"Awareness programmes are also on in full swing among locals about protecting the rights of wild animals during summer ,'' said Thirunavukarasu.Farmers living in and around Thadagam, Boluvampatti, Periyanaicken Palayam, Karamadai and Sirumugai areas will be permitted by forest department to draw water from their own wells and take that to two km inside the forest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144759", "title": "SOTY is my last stint at young film: Karan Johar", "text": "Karan Johar is no longer going to make a \" young\" film anymore after his upcoming \"Student of the Year.\" Reason? The director of films like \"Kuch Kuch Hota Hai\", \"Kabhie Khushi Kabhie Gham\" and \"Kabhie Alvida Na Kehna\" feels he was born old.While talking about \"Student of the Year\" which he is currently filming, KJo says, \"I am going to be 40 in May...and filming with these 20 plus actors has made me realize that this is definitely my last stint at a 'young' film!\"The director, who has won many accolades and awards for his films that are usually looked upon as 'larger than life' is however, open to making other films, something that does not have the 'young' theme, we guess.Sharing more about why he feels \"Student of the Year\" is his last 'young' film, KJo says, \"At heart , I think I was born old....even at 25, I felt more easy directing the second half of Kuch Kuch Hota Hai\"\"He has a word of praise for the actors in \"SOTY\". \"The three kids in \"SOTY\" are lovely!!! Sid has a silent strong charm....Varun has a real fun bratty appeal...Alia is vivacious and super cute!!!\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12158629", "title": "John Abraham to shoot a promotional video", "text": "John will be shooting a promotional video with Shoojit Sircar.\"It's not an item song, as reported in a section of the film. Please! Vicky Donor is a humorous take on sperm donation. Where would an item song fit in? John is doing a promotional video on why sperm donation is not something to be giggled about behind closed doors,\" states Sircar.Says Sircar, \"John believes in in Vicky Donor.That's why he stepped in to produce both the projects. He saw the full film Vicky Donor and was completely kicked by it. He thinks Ayushmaan is a star in the making. I can't deny Ayushmaan has given an absolutely natural performance and even composed a track, a love ballad, for Vicky Donor. We shot the film in Delhi, my hometown, and Ayushmaan's. I know scores of films are shot in the Capital. But I'd like to think I've captured Delhi like no one before.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12141358", "title": "Ludhiana-based couple on an ATM theft-spree in state", "text": "JAIPUR: From stealing electricity for big industries to attempting to rob over 20 ATMs in the state, a couple from Ludhiana has literally stunned the Rajasthan police.A 25-year-old woman, identified as Rekha Devi, who was arrested by Ajmer police last week, has revealed that her husband Baljeet and his gang were not only involved in the robbery attempt at the SBI ATM at Hasanpura, but they tried to rob at least 20 other ATMs in the state over the past few years. They even uprooted an ATM from Mundawar area in Alwar in January and escaped. They were successful in some attempts while failed in many others.Rekha, along with one Vinay Malhotra, were arrested for theft of Rs 26 lakh from an ATM in Ajmer's Madanganj area on February 10.Her husband, Baljeet, who is yet to be traced, used to steal electricity for big industrial companies situated in Alwar's Bhiwadi area and Ludhiana in Punjab.\"In connivance with the officials of these companies, Baljeet used to tamper with electricity meters. As the electricity rate for industries is much higher than the domestic rates, he would lower the unit reading. So, even if the consumption is high, the company officials will get away paying a much lesser amount of the bills,\" said Narendra Singh Meena, incharge of Madanganj police station in Ajmer.Baljeet got to know about some others who were involved in similar crimes at that time, befriended them and formed his own gang. \"He and some gang members are experts in melting iron using gas cutter. Baljeet came up with the idea of stealing cash from ATMs using this specialty,\" said the officer.The couple had gone on an ATM theft-spree last month. They successfully robbed two ATMs in Ajmer and Jodhpur of nearly Rs 43 lakh last month. However, they failed to rob Rs 18 lakh from an ATM in Jaipur's Hasanpura area. While they were trying to melt the ATM's door, the machine caught fire and the cash was destroyed.\"Apart from Ajmer, Madanganj and Kishangarh, the gang has attempted to rob nearly 15 ATMs in the state. The number of ATMs they targeted in Punjab might shock anybody. We are verifying these revelations,\" said the officer. He added that Baljeet and one Punit are still on the run and their arrests are vital to know more about this gang.\"An Ajmer police team went to the house of Rekha in Ludhiana and seized Rs 3.38 lakh and a luxury car on Saturday,\" said the police officer. A team of Jaipur police had also gone to Ajmer to interrogate Rekha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "12141271", "title": "Six of wedding party killed as car is thrown off over-bridge", "text": "SALEM: Six people, including three women, were killed and three others were injured on Sunday morning when the car in which they were travelling fell from an over-bridge into an open ground in Nallipalayam on Namakkal National Highway. The victims belong to three families, who were on their way to attend a marriage.According to Nallipalayam police, the tragedy occurred when the driver of the car lost control, hit the median, and smashed into the side-wall of the over-bridge which gave way, spearheading the car into the open ground below.Police said S Thirumoorthy (43), an advocate in Attur in Salem district, his wife Karpagam (37), son Balavignesh (13) and mother-in-law P Sampoornam were traveling in an SUV car to their relative Ramasamy's house in Pattanam, Salem, on Saturday night. They were on their way to attend a wedding at Paramathi Velur in Namakkal district on Sunday. They had planned to pick up Ramasamy's family and other relatives, M Subramani (70), his wife Kamalam (60) and their son Balamurali Krishnan (30) on their way. Subramani's family hails from Thirvanapatti. Ramasamy's wife Saraswathi (52) and his son Muthukumar (35) also joined the group.The three families stayed in a hotel at Rasipuram on Saturday night. They resumed their journey early Sunday morning. When the car reached an over-bridge in Nallipalayam, Thirumoorthy who was at the wheel lost control. The speeding car hit the median and broke the side-wall of the over-bridge and fell into the open ground.\"While Thirumoorthy and Saraswathi died on the spot, T Balavignesh, P Sampoornam, S Kamalam and M Subramani died on their way to a private hospital in Namakkal. Three people sustained serious injuries,\" police inspector M Ravichandran said. Namakkal's superintendent of police M Sathyapriya visited the accident spot. Injured persons are being treated at a private hospital in Namakkal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144248", "title": "Rajit Kapur unhappy with lack of clarity in Bollywood!", "text": "Actor Rajit Kapur says that he would love to do more films, only if Bollywood filmmakers worked in a more organized mannerHe wittily remarks, \"If people have clarity in their heads, I would love to do more films. While we plan schedules for our plays four months in advance, it's surprising when the film industry doesn't do things in a more systematic and planned way. While it's not as if I am flooded with film offers, I am approached for some films. But then, when I am so busy doing theatre, I can't possibly say 'yes' to a film if they tell me just a few weeks before the shoot begins. I always like people who work in a planned, systematic way.\"He adds, \"I don't know what's happening to the release of my films Delhi Eye and Deepti Naval's Do Paise Ki Dhoop, Chaar Aane Ki Baarish!\"Remind him that he is one of Shyam Benegal's favorite actors, and the smile is back, \"His humility is inspirational and after doing ten films together, it now feels like family. He is a living encyclopedia who can talk on any subject. And trust me, he never talks nonsense!\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12139978", "title": "US tourism panel\u2019s India chapter to draw visitors", "text": "MUMBAI: With the number of Indian travellers to the US expected to touch the 9-lakh figure in the next five years, a United States commerce department-supported voluntary organization, VUSACOM or the Visit USA committee, has recently set up its Indian chapter in the city.Membership to the VUSACOM-India Chapter will comprise companies or entities such as travel firms, airlines, car rentals, cruise liners, trade professionals, CRS companies, hotels, transportation companies and media. Besides facilitating visa communication with consular services, the committee will showcase emerging destinations, act as a B2B platform for agents and operators, facilitate meetings with US travel suppliers and support US programmes for promoting travel.Despite the economic slowdown, statistics show that Indians have spent five times more than others at retail outlets in the US. Indians visiting the US in 2010 spent an average of $4,390, totalling to a staggering $2.86 billion for 6, 51,000 visitors. According to a projection by International Trade Administration (ITA)-a body of the US Department of Commerce, the US anticipates a 50% rise in the number of travellers from India by 2016. The US commerce circuit believes that the much-needed push for America's tourism industry will come from Indians.VUSACOM recently flagged off a unique shopping privilege programme called \"The Key to Madison Avenue Card Program\". The cards, which will be given free to select travel agencies and tour operators, will entitle their high-end Indian clients to special deals and VIP privileges at Madison Avenue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12141402", "title": "JD-U opposes March 12 meet on National Counter Terrorism Centre in Delhi", "text": "PATNA: The JD(U) has taken strong exception to the meeting of state DGPs and chief secretaries called by Union home secretary in New Delhi. The party said a dangerous precedence was being set by sidelining the elected state governments and making attempt to reach a consensus on the complicated and sensitive issue of the composition of National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) through the bureaucracy. The meeting is scheduled for March 12.\"The chief ministers of various states had raised objection over the NCTC following which Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had promised to take the states into confidence and had also deferred March 1 as the date of making the NCTC operational. It is very surprising that neither the PM nor the Union home minister are calling the meeting but a bureaucrat has been entrusted to call the meeting of the officials,\" JD(U) national spokesperson Shivanand Tiwary said in a statement on Sunday. Stating that the move posed a serious challenge to the state governments, Tiwary suggested the move should be opposed tooth and nail. He alleged that the Congress was attempting to run the affairs of the states through the bureaucracy by ignoring the existence of the elected governments. Under the democratic republic system a meeting of the chief ministers should have been called by the PM to discuss the sensitive issue of national security and counter-terrorism threadbare, address the genuine concern shown by the states and reach a consensus, Tiwary said.Tiwary further pointed out that the Union home secretary R K Singh, a Bihar cadre IAS officer, who after the protest by a number of chief ministers had said that the states' consent for NCTC was not needed. \"After this statement how can one believe that the meeting is for reaching a consensus or just imposing the Centre's unilateral decision,\" he said.Tiwary said all the state governments should tell the Centre in unison that under the federal system and Indian constitution, the states are run by the elected governments not bureaucrats", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12144456", "title": "NIC opens studio in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: Rajasthan Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot inaugurated a state-of-the-art studio of the National Informatics Center here, the second in the state.Describing the center as a \"major leap\" towards adoption of Information Technology in governance, Gehlot also had a video conference with villagers in Kanpura village in Ajmer and discussed the implementation of various government schemes.Developed at a cost of Rs 21.81 lakh, the studio comprises a swanky mini-conference hall and various equipments like projectors, document cameras and two-way video conferencing facility.Gehlot also inaugurated numerous other projects, including a modern cold storage constructed at a cost of Rs 4.30 crores, and laid the foundation stone of two hostels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "12141492", "title": "Burdwan cop suspended after court rap on twin murders", "text": "BURDWAN:A sub-inspector of Burdwan Sadar police station was suspended on charges of 'dereliction of duty'.The move came on Sunday - two days after Calcutta high court reprimanded the state government for failing to produce the postmortem reports of slain former CPM MLA Pradip Ta and district committee member Kamal Gayen on time.SI Durgadas Bhattacharya allegedly received the autopsy reports from Burdwan Medical College &amp; Hospital only on March 1, eight days after the twin murders took place, but did not hand them over to investigating officer Swapan Banerjee, the inspector in charge of Burdwan Sadar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12139571", "title": "A lifeline for those in dire need", "text": "Some years ago, a person in dire need of dialysis but with only Rs 20 in his pocket approached a hospital. A doctor there told him, \"If you have just Rs 20, do a simple thing. Go buy two tender coconuts.\" For somebody who has suffered kidney failure, having two tender coconuts means instant death. Sounds apocryphal? The doctor was only throwing up his hands, suggesting that the patient didn't have money to live. Businessman and philanthropist Ravi V Melwani, who prefers to be known as RVM, says this incident inspired him to set up a hospital for the poorest of the poor.\"The poor can't afford to pay doctors but it doesn't mean they have no reason to live. This is what inspired me to open this free charitable hospital which has no cash counter,\" says the chairman of RVM Foundation. The abbreviation, he says, stands for 'Rejoice, Value for life and Make a difference'.Located at Bannerghatta, the 125-bed RVM Humanitarian Hospital set up in 1998 caters to patients suffering from any ailment. Destitute or deprived people of all age groups are treated here. The hospital provides food, medicine, investigation, ambulance service, all for free. A team of social workers finds these patients from various parts of the city like slums, railway stations, bus stands, or through police stations. Its out-patient wing reaches out to the poor from surrounding villages. Expansion of the institution to a 1000-bed hospital is in full swing.For a general hospital of this scale, specialized treatment is vital, be it in the fields of cancer , urology, cardiac or gynaecology. \"We approach other hospitals like Nimhans, Kidwai, Jayadeva Hospital and Indira Gandhi Institute of Child Health for superspeciality care. They may charge registration fee. We pay that,\" says Lt Col (retd) Dr BTK Reddy, who looks after the hospital affairs.\"We have a 130-bed home to rehabilitate the destitute. Those who recover are employed in our own hospital as housekeeping staff. Those unable to work are shifted to RVM Humanitarian Home. If they are not employable, we send them to respective homes. We have tied up with several NGOs too,\" says Reddy.A sense of mission guides the work ethic here. As RVM puts it, \"It's understanding that we are here for a purpose, that nothing belongs to us, that when we reach out to the poorest of the poor we are making our life meaningful and purposeful...\" He personally monitors the hospital affairs and interacts with patients. \"The hospital chief reports to me. We have a weekly meeting called MAD or 'Make A Difference' where we review cases we have picked up during the week. Specially Adopted Cases (SAC) are monitored regularly,\" he says. An equally big challenge is to attend to patients' emotional problems too, he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12146188", "title": "Mini is angry at airline and Mumbai airport", "text": "After Ayesha Takia, who was mad at an airline for not treating her sister well after which a war of words followed between her and Siddharth Mallya, it was Abhishek Bachchan who was angry with a certain airline for delays.And now, it is Mini Mathur who is disappointed with yet another airline and Mumbai airport .But this time, the angst is not because she was ill-treated. She is rather upset because she witnessed women being treated badly.Talking of the incident, Mini said, \"The average Indian male has no manners, no civility, no compassion for fellow travelers. Men aboard JET 2114... Go jump off the flight.\"An infuriated Mini added, \"And nothing to say for the Mumbai airport... mismanaged, rude to the common travelers, disgruntled, irresponsible. No pride in their jobs.\"As speculations began as to what led Mini to angst, she clarified saying, \"Just to clarify, my airport angst was not for myself, I watched women, graceful old people being pushed, spoken to without dignity... It worries me!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12140531", "title": "Changing Asian monsoon would adversely impact kharif yield: Study", "text": "PUNE: Recent research indicates that climate change has affected monsoon rainfall in India making it less frequent, but more intense. These departures are beginning to negatively impact kharif (monsoon season) crops, especially rice, it added.Heat stress and diseases, rampant due to a warmer and wetter Asian summer monsoon, are affecting rice and some other crops which are highly dependent on the monsoon.The findings are part of a recent study, 'Asian monsoon in a changing climate - Does it have an impact on kharif season agriculture?' discussed at the international conference held in Pune on opportunities and challenges in monsoon prediction in a changing climate in February.A group of scientists from the agricultural meteorology division of the India Meteorological Department (IMD), Pune, and others working on the climate change aspect of agrometeorology were involved in the study.The study shows that the changing Asian monsoon will have fewer rainy days. That the monsoon may be delayed by five to 15 days in the next 100 years, may be weak due to rising temperatures, cause less or intense precipitation, and have longer breaks, floods, droughts, cyclones and typhoons were some pitfalls the study highlighted.Put together, it would lead to a lower yield of kharif crops like rice, maize, cotton, oilseeds, soybean and coarse grains. The study projects a higher temperature during rabi season affecting yields of wheat, potato and vegetables.IMD scientist A Kashyapi, who headed the team, told TOI that the study had found that the Asian monsoon is changing due to global warming. This, he said, is likely to affect kharif crops grown between June-end and October. The study showed that there is an increase in rainfall in Konkan, Goa and central Maharashtra in the last 100 years during the monsoon season. \"The kharif crops in Maharashtra suffer because of the changing monsoon pattern,\" he added.State agriculture commissioner Umakant Dangat said, \"At present, we are witnessing climate change and its impact on the yield of crops. In 2011, the monsoon arrived late and the retreating monsoon was of low intensity. Whereas, in 2010, we received good rainfall till November. These are all impacts of climate change. Drought and heavy rainfall have severely affected crops like cotton, cereals and oil seeds in the state,\" he added.In the past few decades, scientists have observed that the production of rice and maize has declined in parts of Asia as a result of rise in temperature, increasing warming effect and decline in number of rainy days. Net cereal production in south Asian countries is projected to decline by 4% to 7% by the end of this century.In central India, according to Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology scientists, global warming is intensifying the monsoon, increasing the risk of heavier rains during the season. Studies show that rains in central India were more intense between 1981 to 2000 than in 1950s and 1960s.Scientists, who used the crop model study, have observed that a rise in temperature of 2 degrees celsius could reduce rice yield by 0.75 tonne per hectare. For every 1 degree celsius rise in temperature, decline in rice yield will be 6%. A 2% to 5% decrease in yield of maize was projected for a temperature rise of 0.5 to 1.5 degrees celsius.According to Ramchandra Sable, former head of agricultural meteorology department of Mahatma Phule Agricultural University, Rahuri, change in temperature, relative humidity, wind speed and air pressure are indicators of a changing monsoon. \"Fluctuations in these parameters have been observed since 2000 in Maharashtra. Any change in the monsoon will have an impact on kharif crops,\" he said.Sable, who has developed a monsoon model, a long-range and location specific rainfall prediction system, said that in the last decade, the monsoon's behaviour and climate pattern have changed.\"Unexpected heavy rainfall during paddy harvesting led to severe crop loss in Konkan region in 2009. Sorghum yield was very less due to low temperature in January 2011. Heavy rainfall during soyabean harvest led to crop loss in 2010. High humidity levels resulted in bacterial disease affecting pomegranate crops in Solapur, Sangli, Satara and other districts in 2005, 2006 and 2007. Similarly, in 2003, there was a pest attack on sugarcane crops in the state,\"he added.Kashyapi pointed out that farmers require adaptive measures towards climate proofing and resource management by growing tolerant and short-duration varieties as well as alternate cropping, among others, which could help them adapt the agriculture yield to the new climate change scenario.CLIMATE CHANGE IMPACT FOR INDIA IN DIFFERENT CROP SEASONS:Year Season Change in rainfall% Increase in temperature (degree celsius)Lowest Highest Lowest Highest2020s Rabi -1.95 4.36 1.08 1.54Kharif 1.81 5.10 0.87 1.122050s Rabi - 9.22 3.82 2.54 3.18Kharif 7.18 10.52 1.81 2.372080s Rabi - 24.83 - 4.50 4.14 6.31Kharif 10.10 15.18 2.91 4.62", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "12140339", "title": "Dumped woman kills husband, arrested", "text": "MOHALI: Police claimed to have solved a murder case that had rocked the city on February 29. They have arrested the estranged wife of the victim and one of her accomplices. However, four other accused are still at large.According to the police, Paramjit Singh alias Pamma, 34, was brutally murdered by four unidentified youths at Teur village near Kharar town in Mohali.\"We have arrested Jagrup Kaur and Dalbir Singh. Earlier, Jagrup was married to Pamma's elder brother (in 1994), who died in a road accident in 2005. Following this, Pamma married her, but they separated around two years back over some marital issue,\" Gurpreet Singh Bhullar, senior superintendent of Mohali police, told TOI on Sunday.\"Pamma had remarried and had a one-and-a-half month old daughter from this marriage. Jagrup was jealous of this and she plotted the murder with the help of her brother Preetpal Singh alias Happy, 28, and his friends ,\" he added. The absconding accused were identified as Jatinder Singh, 22, Pritam Singh, 20, Goldy, 27, and Preetpal Singh, 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12138955", "title": "Thieves decamp with 23 kilograms of silver in Shahibaug", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A gang of thieves broke open locks of a jewellery shop in Shahibaug with electric cutter and decamped with 23 kilograms of silverware including ornaments, utensils and idols in wee hours of Sunday. Police have sought CCTV footage from the spot and have started searching for history sheeters with similar modus operandi.Shahibaug police said that Dashrath Patel, a resident of Shalimar Flat near Shahibaug underbridge, owns Sarvoday Jewellers in Ghevar Complex in Shahibaug. As per his complaint, somebody entered into his shop between 8.30 pm on Saturday and 4.30 am on Monday after breaking locks on shutter and stole silver goods worth Rs 11.50 lakh.A S Shukal, inspector of Shahibaug police station, said that there were five thieves who have been captured in act at 4 am on CCTV cameras installed in the shop. A 70-year-old watchman first raised the alarm when he saw three men standing outside the shop at around 4.30 am on Sunday. He then challenged them but they fled from the spot with the booty.In the CCTV footage procured, it is seen that the gang had brought with them a mini cutter to open the locks,\" said Shukal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12140056", "title": "IRCTC special tour packages for Shirdi Sai Dham, Vaishno Devi", "text": "KANPUR: The Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited has decided to launch special trains for holy destinations like Mata Vaishno Devi shrine and Shirdi Dham. The residents of Varanasi, Kanpur, Lucknow and other cities of the state would be able to take advantage of the pilgrimage tours named as Bharat Darshan. The chief regional manager of IRCTC informed TOI that the special trains will run from third week of May to the mid of June, originating from Varanasi.Of the five tours to Mata Vaishno Devi shrine, three will pass through Allahabad, Kanpur, Lucknow, Bareilly and Moradabad. One trip would be routed via Varanasi, Mau, Gorakhpur, Gonda and Lucknow. The fifth tour will pass through Varanasi, Faizabad and Lucknow.Shirdi Sai Dham Bharat Darshan Yatra would touch cities like Sultanpur, Lucknow, Kanpur in one trip and pass through places like Gorakhpur, Gonda, Lucknow and Kanpur to reach Shirdi in the second trip.A person willing to travel to Vaishno Devi shrine is required to pay an amount of Rs 2,565 for getting the seat confirmed in the special train. For travelling up to Shirdi Dham, a passenger is required to pay Rs 2,052. The IRCTC official informed that these tour package include travelling fare, lodging and accommodation, meals, bus fare, insurance etc. For Shirdi Sai Dham Bharat Darshan Yatra, the IRCTC has been making tickets available to the passengers in the Pushpak Express.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12140702", "title": "No Indian varsity in top 100: Minister", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Taking a dig at the lack of vision in higher education sector in the country, Union minister of state for home Mullappally Ramachandran on Sunday said that not even a single Indian university figures in the top 100 universities of the world.\"It is not that we do not have the world-class faculty. We also have best of students,\" said the minister after inaugurating a national seminar on 'Higher education: challenges and opportunities\" at Vadakara.He said that all institutes do not lack funds. \"What they lack is the vision and confidence in their capabilities,\" he said. Ramachandran said that educational institutions have to create a culture of exchange, synergy and vibrancy.Emphasizing the need to devise a strategy so that the country does not lag behind in scientific research, he said \"research in the field of science is essential to achieve higher rate of development\".The high literacy has paid rich dividends to the overall socio-economic development of the state. \"But we still have to go a long way to exploit the full potential of education,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12141522", "title": "12-year-old crushed to death in Sanganer", "text": "JAIPUR: A teenager was crushed to death after been hit by a tractor trolley at Tejaji ka Bagh area in Sanganer locality on Sunday. The accident took place at the approach road of a colony. A mob angry over the incident jammed the road for hours, which was cleared for traffic with police intervention.The accident took place in the afternoon when the unidentified teenager, around 12 years old, was riding on his bicycle from Tajaji ka Bagh to Subash Nagar locality where he was residing. He was riding his bicycle not on the main road but on the approach road when a tractor carrying water tanker rammed into his bicycle, police said.The deceased identified as Mohammed Arif (12) succumbed on the spot.Soon after the incident, hundreds of the people came on the road and initially stopped the police from taking the body in possession. Police and locals were at loggerheads on the issue of arresting the trolley driver who managed to flee from the spot. The locals held the police responsible for the accident and gheraoed the Malpura Chowki for almost an hour.The locals argued the teenager was riding his bicycle on the approach road when a rashly-driven truck entered the area.Later, senior police officers of the area rushed to the spot and convinced the angry mob that the family of the deceased would be properly compensated as per law and rules. Police also assured the driver of the tractor would be arrested soon.Hanuman Singh, an officer with accident police station (east), said, the tractor was seized and a team was sent to nab the driver of the tractor. \"The accused has been identified and would be arrested soon,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "jaipur/new delhi", "code": "12145777", "title": "IAF Mirage-2000 crashes, pilot safe", "text": "JAIPUR/NEW DELHI: A Mirage-2000 fighter plane of the Indian Air Force (IAF) on Monday crashed near a village in Rajasthan's Sawai Madhopur district, soon after taking off from an airbase in Gwalior, in a second mishap involving the aircraft type in 11 days.The pilot managed to eject safely, IAF officials said. This is the second crash involving a Mirage-2000 aircraft since February 24.\"The crash took place 100 kilometres south-west of Jaipur near Baman Baas village in Sawai Madhopur district. Soon after taking off from Gwalior, the plane crashed at 1245 hours. The pilot managed to bail out safely,\" the officials said.IAF and Army teams have reached the site of the accident and the pilot is being attended to for his injuries, they said, adding that the aircraft was on a routine sortie.A court of inquiry (CoI) has been ordered to ascertain the reason for the crash.Superintendent of police, Sawai Madhopur, Anshuman Singh said a police party had been dispatched to the crash spot which was located in a hilly area.This is the third crash involving an IAF aircraft this year. A Kiran MK II trainer plane had crashed in Chennai on January 30.The second crash involving a Mirage-2000 aircraft took place on February 24 near Bhind in Madhya Pradesh .The aircraft was being flown by Air Marshal Anil Chopra and Wing Commander Ram Kumar who had got airborne from Gwalior airbase for a routine flying sortie at 1201 hours. Within five minutes of taking off, the plane developed a technical snag and crashed in a forested area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12140451", "title": "Netizens shore up save-tree movement", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An online campaign to save 60 trees facing the axe to pay way for construction of an overbridge in Sector 17 has generated massive response, with 512 people, mostly Tricity residents, signing in to support the campaign in less than 36 hours. A Chipko movement will now be launched on Tuesday as part of the citizen's awareness initiative.The Times of India had, on February 2, highlighted how these trees will be chopped-off to realize the overbridge conceptualized by Le Corbusier with the hope that it will result in smooth flow of traffic.Those commenting on the issue at change.org have suggested alternative steps to tackle growing traffic congestion in order to save the trees and have completely shun the idea of axing these to build bridges and widen roads in the heart of the city. The campaign has been launched by social activist Dr Gaurav Chhabra.\"We are totally against chopping these trees. Removing fully grown trees and on the plea that new saplings will be planted to compensate is not the right way to save environment,\" Chhabra said.A signatory to the \"Save 60\" campaign, Dr Arun Kapoor has written, \"The administration should declare Sector 17 out of bounds for vehicles on the lines of Shimla Mall Road during 8am to 8pm, and only emergency vehicles like ambulance and fire brigade should be allowed. The parking lots can be constructed on surrounding roads. Slow moving, battery operated public transport buses should be operated around the peripheral roads. This will eliminate the need to cut trees.\"\"I want Chandigarh to remain as beautiful as it is. One of the reasons we call it City Beautiful is because of the greenery. Don't destroy Chandigarh, rather plant more trees,\" adds Karun Mutreja.Abhhishek Sanghi says, \"The essence of this city cannot be whimsically altered nor can the environment be shown such blatant disregard.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12142078", "title": "Unique fusion floors music lovers", "text": "BHOPAL: Two instruments made of wood - an oud (a pear-shaped stringed instrument commonly used in North African and Middle Eastern music) with 12 strings played alongside leather clad sarod created a rare fusion - of Arabic and Indian classical music, that enthralled the audience at the Samanvay Bhawan here on Sunday evening.Organized by the Indian council for cultural relations (ICCR) the performances saw internationally acclaimed oud player Rahim AlHaj and sarod players Amaan and Ayaan Ali Khan.Speaking to TOI Rahim Alhaj said, \"Oud has a feel of music Sumerian civilization some 5,000 years old. It is the original instrument, it started with three strings and now it has 12.\"As civilization expanded in the east and west, European lute (plucked stringed musical instrument) and the Afghan rabab were developed forms of the oud. Sarod is linked to the Afghan rabab.The sarod of the Aman and Ayaan played deep, weighty, introspective sounds, in contrast with the oud which was much mellow.The twice Grammy award nominee Alhaj said, \"Richness of Arabic music is in its Maqam system much like the Indian ragas.\"The similarities in the music of two cultures were on display. The two brothers, played the traditional instrument slowly to start with and then picked up, gradually captivating the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12140915", "title": "Trichy canal accident points at government neglect", "text": "TRICHY: Accidents at regular intervals near Uzhavarsanthai on the banks of the Uyyankondan canal have become a growing concern among people of Trichy. The canal, which runs alongside a road, is not fenced off by a sidewall. In yet another accident in the same place on Saturday, a car plunged into the canal but the two travellers had a miraculous escape from the deep waters.Ameer (24) of Thennur along with his friend Aarif (23) were on their way home in a van on the road alongside the banks of the Uyyankondan canal on Saturday night. When the car neared Uzhavarsanthai, a tyre got punctured and Ameer lost control of the vehicle. All of a sudden, the car plunged into the Uyyankondan river. The duo managed to escape from the car and swam back. Both of them, however, sustained severe injuries.On hearing the noise, passers-by thronged the spot but were unable to see them as the area was dark. Then, they arranged for a wrecker vehicle and lights to take the car out of the canal. Eventually, they recovered the car from the water.This is the second incident after November 25, 2011, when a family of three namely Ramanidevi, Gokul and Thathanapriya travelling in a car, plunged into the canal as the driver mistook the river filled with rainwater for a road at night. Unfortunately, Ramanidevi lost her life in the accident while the two others escaped with severe injuries. The situation points to utter disregard for safety norms by the Trichy corporation, the PWD and the district administration, apart from elected representatives.Taking up the issue, A Vaiyapuri, Trichy district president of the Janata Dal (United), on November 30, 2011, filed a PIL in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court seeking a direction to the officials concerned to take steps to construct a sidewall.The PIL pointed an accusing finger at the respondents saying they neglected their duties despite several representations being made about this issue to the authorities.While hearing the case, both the PWD and the corporation officials sought to pass the buck on to each other. District collector Jayashree Muralidharan also turned a deaf ear to the issue, said Vaiyapuri.He also said political parties used to choose the spot near Uzhavarsanthai for public meetings. School buses carrying children on the stretch are also subject to risk owing to the absence of a sidewall. While chief minister Jayalalithaa was paying more attention to the welfare of Srirangam constituency, from where she was elected, nearby constituencies were not being taken care of, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12141774", "title": "Focus on RTE", "text": "The 12th Five-Year Plan, which has been delayed and likely to be released in April, is going to focus on the Right to Education (RTE) Act this time. Apart from RTE, the other key areas will include higher education and the setting up of central universities.\"The Five-Year Plan is still in its drafting stage. The two sectors - education and health - will be the focus this year. Under education, implementation of RTE, which had been allocated around rupees two lakh and thirty one thousand crore for the last five years, will be a priority. This means, approximately, around Rs 45-50,000 crore will be spent on its implementation annually, which is a big amount and has to be substantiated,\" says Mamta Verma, director, media, HRD, Press Information Bureau.CHALLENGESThe concern for RTE is understandable. According to the Annual Status of Education Report (Rural) 2011, private school enrolment is increasing in most states despite RTE. Since RTE came into force in 2010, the two major obstacles have been availability of teachers and setting up of neighbourhood schools. There is a shortage of nearly five lakh teachers while about three lakh teachers, teaching at the elementary level, are untrained.As per the RTE roadmap, neighbourhood schools are to be established and improved infrastructure to be ensured as per the pupil-teacher ratio (one teacher: 30 children) - both by March 2013. The provision for training untrained teachers is to be met by 2015.According to the annual report 2010-11 (MHRD), the provisions of RTE are being implemented through Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12138975", "title": "Music to add colours to Holi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: 'Khailo Khailo Nandlala Hum Sang Hori Rangeeli' - you have the chance to listen to many such compositions that evoke the mood of Holi-Dhuleti festivities. Saptak Archives has organized a two-day live baithak and workshop at Nandan Mehta Art Gallery on March 6 and 7.Classical and folk music are vital constituents of the Holi-Dhuleti festival. Saptak Archives' concert, workshop, and a three-day music programme in the first half of this month seek to celebrate those traditions. \"In tune with the gaiety of the spring season, the music programmes are planned to add vibrancy to the festival of colors,\" said Manju Mehta, the founding trustee of Saptak.On March 6 and 7, Saptak will host a live baithak and a workshop at the Nandan Mehta Art Gallery. Satyasheel Desdhpande, a senior vocalist, will render various compositions that contain the hues of the festival. Hemant Joshi, a tabla artiste at Saptak, says: \"More than 80 students will attend the two-day workshop at the gallery. The artiste will also give a lecture on festive compositions from various gharanas.\"The Hindu month of Phalgun is the period of blossoming flowers that herald spring. This is the time for the earth to rejuvenate itself and this month's refreshing fervor is linked with the festival of Holi. \"This festival's mood is truly captured in the festival-oriented compositions that contain the theme of harvest and message of hope,\" says Mehta. \"The listeners at the workshop will explore the link between the festival and music that contains spirit of the festival.\"Saptak has also organized a three-day music programme from March 15 at ATMA hall. Shaunak Abhisheki, a vocalist, will perform on March 15. A solo tabla performance by Pandit Ramkumar is to take place on March 16, and a vocal recital by Padma Talwarkar will be held on March 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12140731", "title": "'Nuke energy key to meet power needs'", "text": "MYSORE: Atomic Energy Commission member M R Srinivasan has said for future energy requirements, the country has to depend on nuclear fusion and solar power.He was speaking at a seminar on 'Nuclear energy-environment and safety' at the Einstein Auditorium at Manasagangothri on Saturday.He said there are many environmentalists like Medha Patkar and Sunita Narain who are concerned about environment and believe in sustainable development.Referring to the agitation over Kudankulam nuclear power plant , he said, \"Locking up a nuclear plant is not like locking a garment factory.\"The stoppage of projects on steel, aluminum, etc, is widely covered by the media, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12141363", "title": "Out on bail, rebel PCPA leader joins Trinamool", "text": "KOLKATA: Monoj Mahato, the PCPA leader who has been to jail twice with charges of sedition, murder, arson and sabotage slapped on him, has joined Trinamool Congress, the party that had thrown him behind the bars in July last year for his \"rebellious activities\". He was released on bail for the second time nearly a month ago.Mahato, a youth in his late twenties, once led Jangalmahal rebel outfit People's Committee Against Police Atrocities (PCPA). He emerged as a prominent leader during the Lalgarh movement. Following the arrest of Chhatradhar Mahato - the face of Jangalmahal movement - Monoj was entrusted with important responsibilities and later he was nominated as the secretary of the outfit.During that time, Monoj went vocal against the present ruling party and played a crucial role in last assembly election in favour of Chhatradhar, who fought against Trinamool candidate Sukumar Hansda in Jhargram.In Left regime, he was booked in November 2010 for a dozen of cases. He was released on bail days before the assembly polls in May 2011, but the present government did not tolerate his activities and shoved him behind the bars once again.Nearly a month ago, he was again released on bail and after returning home at Birkanr village of Lalgarh, he took part in Trinamool rallies. Sources confirmed that the ruling party also offered him the post of youth Trinamool Congress president at his locality. Along with Monoj, Syamal Mahato, Santosh Mahato and other PCPA leaders also chose to march with Trinamool after stepping out of jail.Reacting to Monoj's change of stance, Jangalmahal outfit Santras Birodhi Mancha secretary Ashok Jiban alleged, \"The government forced these people to join the ruling party. Those who refused to accept the negotiation is rotting behind the bars.\" In favour of his argument, he pointed out Chhatradhar's example.\"Chhatradhar did not bend before the government. Consequently, the government is opposing his political prisoner status in spite of Chhatradhar having all the required criteria,\" said Ashok Jiban. Earlier, Chhatradhar had alleged in a letter to a city-based rights activist that the government was refusing to provide the minimum required facility and treating them like animals in the jail.Another prominent PCPA leader, Gopal Pratihar in Bankura, also surrendered to police at Taldyangra on Friday. Pratihar started his political career as an influential leader of CPM's peasant front, but a year after the formation of Left Front government in 1977, he deserted the party. Later he turned into a key organizer of the movement since the formation of the PCPA.Sources claimed that Pratihar has surrendered after a negotiation with Trinamool Congress and soon after getting bail he would join the party. But what is leading these rebel leaders to join Trinamool? Days before his wedding, Monoj chose to remain silent.Dinen Roy, the Trinamool Congress president in West Midnapore said, \"Yes, he approached our local leadership to join Trinamool Congress. We will soon decide on the matter.\" Another PCPA leader who shifted loyalty reasoned, \"Otherwise we had to face the same fate of Chhatradhar Mahato. The government would slap more new cases to keep us behind the bars.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12139714", "title": "Four die after being hit by truck", "text": "LUCKNOW: Four persons, including a 7-year-old boy and a woman, were killed and two others injured after being hit by a truck at Ganga Bazaar locality in Gosainganj on Sunday evening.The victims were brick-kiln labourers, police said. They were identified as Sultan (25), Bishen, a married woman and Gulshan (7), all natives of Bilaspur in Chhattisgarh and Mohd Salim, a resident of Ganga Bazaar locality. As the victims were getting down from the four-wheeler, a truck coming from Sultanpur side knocked them down. While four of them died on the spot, two injured persons were rushed to the hospital. The identity of the injured, the police said, could not be ascertained till the filing of the news. The police said the truck has been seized and the driver, identified as Kaptan Singh of Mushafirkhana in Sultanpur, nabbed. The incident was being investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12141608", "title": "This Lenten season, a tiatr that focuses on being faithful", "text": "Lent, the season of grace, deep thought and reflection, invites Christians to retrospect on several issues related to family and social life.Infidelity and extra-marital affairs take the centre stage in Fr Neville Gracias' Lenten show 'Voch...Anink Patok Korum Naka' (Go...and sin no more) and provides an opportunity to reflect on the sacredness of marital life.Due to financial constraints, Fay (Felcy) and Irwin (Salu de Loutolim) are unable to meet the demands of everyday life. Dr Borges (Fr Neville Gracias) decides to offer his ancestral property to his godchild Fay and asks the couple to make the best of the property made available to them.Richard Mendonca (Sylvester Vaz), who considers himself to be rich and a wealthy builder, convinces Fay and Irwin to hand over the entire property to him in exchange for a decent house on the same property. The couple gives in to Mendonca's request and go against the wish of Dr Borges.At this juncture trouble sets in for Fay and Irwin. Although the couple is content with the house offered by the builder, Fay gets carried away with Richard's willingness to help her financially, but with selfish interests. On the other hand, Irwin lands a decent job in Pearl Industries, but the manager Ember Gomes (Jessica Gomes) eyes him for his handsome looks.As a staunch Catholic and being driven by the principles of Christ, Dr Borges along with Irwin's father Domingo (comedian Dominic) tries his best to keep the couple united, but to no avail. Finally, Fay and Irwin follow different paths with the hope of finding fulfillment in life. Will the new 'jodis' click for a lifetime? At what crossroad do the couple meet and what brings them together? Will they acknowledge their mistake and reunite forever? Who sacrifices for the welfare of the couple?Values of married life and how greed for money and wealth can ruin family life have been highlighted in the drama. Biblical scenes, comic interludes and proverbial sayings have also been well incorporated in the main plot.Sylvester Vaz has played his role well as the rich man while Jessica Gomes excels in her negative role. Domingo (comedian Dominic) and Mafalda (Luis Bachan) tickles the ribs of the audience with their natural comedy.Some of the songs by Jessica Gomes (Gorv), Dominic/Luis Bachan (Nokri), Fr Neville/Jessica (Padri), Dominic (Bhroxttachar), Sylvester Vaz (Bhavart), Salu de Loutolim (Axea) are worth listening as each provide a unique message.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12145326", "title": "Four Maoists killed in an encounter", "text": "RANCHI: Security forces killed four suspected Maoists during an encounter at Piparwar in Chatra district in the wee hours on Monday.However, police managed to recover only two bodies from the encounter site.The two rebels, whose bodies were recovered have been identified as Tapeshwar Ganjhu of Chandwa in Latehar district and Anil Ram of Panki in Palamu district.Police also recovered one semi-automatic rifle, a regular rifle, 300 live cartridges, one walky-talky and a powerful can bomb from the place where security forces found the bodies of the rebels.Chatra SP Anup Birthare said that around 100 Maoists raided the Ashoka project of Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) and torched five vehicles including a couple of earth movers.\"In retaliation security men of Central Industrial Security Force (CISF), Jharkhand Armed Police (JAP) and district police opened fire killing four rebels. We managed to recover two bodies as the rebels took away the other bodies while retreating in the near by jungles,\" said the SP.\"We are confident that four rebels were killed in the encounter as we have recovered their belonging from the spot,\" he added.Police sources said that the encounter continued for over three hours in which one constable of CISF sustained minor injuries on his foot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12141315", "title": "Scientists for more use of chemical science and technology", "text": "PATNA: A two-day national symposium on 'Recent Trends in Chemical Science and Technology' organized at the Indian Institute of Technology Patna (IITP) concluded on Sunday stressing on more use of chemical science and technology and application of nano technology in chemistry.Addressing chemical scientists and academics from universities in Canada, South Africa , Japan, Taiwan, different IITs in India, other universities in India, and scientists of reputed chemical companies, IITP director A K Bhowmick said that their quality papers reflected the use of chemical science and technology in day-to-day life. He said that IITP had from its inception focused on research works and project works along with an effort to impart quality teaching to its students. He said IITP students were being sent to foreign countries for research projects. Prof Abu T Khan of IIT, Guwahati, said that chemists play crucial role in developing 68 percent drug molecules in laboratories.Application of green chemistry technology and environment chemistry for reducing environmental pollution, use of organic synthesis for manufacture of products enhancing life-style of the people to the discovery of new drugs through chemical research, were stressed by the chemical scientists. Reliance Industries Ltd vice-president Uday Chand said Asian chemical companies figure in Fortune magazine's top 10 list. He said China is the leader in chemical industries market and India is placed third in the list. He said that the trillion dollar market of chemical industries in the world in 2007-08 would jump five times by 2030. There is a shift in global petrochemical industry towards East, he said, adding that in the post-economic reform period, Indian chemical industry's growth has perked up due to strong domestic demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12141479", "title": "Indian eves win World Cup Kabaddi Championship", "text": "PATNA: Asian gold medallist India etched its name on the first Women's World Cup Kabaddi Championship trophy after defeating Iran 25-19 in a pulsating final in the indoor hall of Patliputra Sports Complex at Kankarbagh here on Sunday. Japan was declared third and Thailand finished fourth in the championship.Aggression was writ large on the players' faces as both the teams went all out in the final. India won the toss and elected to field. The first-half belonged to Indian skipper Mamatha Poojari and Iranian ace Ghazal Khalaj. Both players converted their maximum raids into points. They were the top scorers of their respective teams with 8 points each.The match started at a fast pace with attacks and counter-attacks from both sides. Iran, who had lost the semifinals to India by just one point in extra time at the Guangzhou Asian Games, put their best foot forward but failed to match the strategy of Indian team.Mamatha admitted the fact that the Indian team was under pressure because of the close encounter with Iran in the Asian Games. \"But we were confident of winning the final with a handsome margin. It is our game and we will always try to keep the tricolour flying in kabaddi,\" an elated Mamatha said after the match.Ghazal, who had earned 12 points out of her 16 raids in the semifinals against Thailand, was so aggressive in the first-half that the umpire had to show a green card as a warning. Mamatha, too, was overconfident and that cost India three points when she was caught by their rivals while trying to go deep into the Iranian defence in the first-half. India led 19-11 at half time.The host team changed its strategy in the second-half and opted for a defensive game to keep the lead. Sedigheh Jafarikalokan, Hajar Shahin Kamal Aghaei and Salimeh Abdollahbakhsh were given the charge of Iranian raids in the second-half and Sedigheh earned some good points.Earlier, India reached the final after defeating Japan 59-20 in the second semifinal of the championship. Indian captain Mamatha Poojari and her Japanese counterpart Aya Aoki led their teams from the front with their brilliant raids. While Mamatha, Priyanka Negi and Abhilasha Mhatre carried many successful raids, Suvarna Bartakhe and vice-captain Deepika Henary Joseph won points for India with good catching. Mamatha scored 19 points while Abhilasha earned 10 points in the match.Japan, who had defeated strong contender Bangladesh 17-15 in the quarterfinals, won the toss and earned their first point through Yumi Kaneko, who carried out some lethal attacks on the strong Indian defence. But the Indians started blunting the Japanese attacks within minutes and earned their first out of the total four lonas with score reading 8-1. India led the first half 33-8.Earlier, Iran defeated Guangzhou Asian Games silver medallist Thailand 46-26 in the first semifinal. Although both the teams were technically sound, Thailand succumbed to the better team coordination and power game of the Iranians. However, Iran had the dubious distinction of getting a yellow card slapped on Sedigheh Jafarikalokan. It was for the first time in the championship that a player was shown yellow card for jumping the rules.Iran won the toss and Ghazal Khalaj piloted the raids on Thai defence from the left flank. She took the optimum advantage of her height and earned a lot many points for Iran. Ghazal was well supported by Zahra Masoumabadi whose side-kicks left the Thai catchers clueless. However, Namfon Kangkeeree and Nuchanart Maiwan scored some valuable points for Thailand in the second half.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi handed over the winner's trophy to Indian captain Mamatha. Shatrughan Sinha , MP, gave the runner-up trophy to Iran's skipper. President of the International Kabaddi Federation Janardan Singh, HRD minister P K Shahi and principal secretary of HRD Anjani Kumar Singh were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12139875", "title": "Namesakes haunted even chief ministers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former Uttar Pradesh chief minister Mulayam Singh Yadav was forced to fight a two-sided battle during the 1993 Uttar Pradesh assembly election. While, on one hand Mulayam was combating his political rivals in Jaswantnagar, on the other hand namesakes were out to spoil Netaji's poll party.However, Mulayam had the last laugh as he won not only from Jaswantnagar, but also from Shikohabad and Nidhauli Kalan. In Shikohabad, Mulayam polled 55,249 votes (42.43%) against his nearest rival Ashok Yadav of the Congress who got 39,558 votes (30.38%). Mulayam also won Nidhuali Kalan and got 41,683 votes (38.77%) defeating Sudhakar Verma of the BJP who got 34,620 votes (32.20%).Interestingly, in 1993, the former chief minister faced his namesakes from all the three constituencies, from where he contested. In Jaswantnagar, Mulayam's namesake got 192 votes (0.15%), while in Shikohabad and Nidhauli Kalan, the namesake could muster only 0.12% and 0.17% of the total votes respectively. Apart from this Mulayam Singh Sehra contested from Barauli as an independent and secured 13th place. Another namesake contested 2002 assembly poll from Barthana seat.A female candidate bearing the name Mayavati fought from Srinagar assembly seat and won the 2002 assembly election on a BSP ticket by bagging 28.92% votes. However, the BSP chief and current UP chief minister romped home from Jahangirganj and Harora, both reserved for SC. Interestingly in 2007, the MLA from Srinagar (Mayavati) changed here name to Mayawati and lost the election to RA Usmani for Samajwadi Party. Former strongman of Ayodhya and patron of Jankranti Dal Kalyan Singh too faced the namesake menace. In 2002, the former CM was pitted against a candidate by the name of Kalyan from Debai, who managed to bag only 525 votes (0.46%).In addition to this, two candidates with the name of Kalyan Singh contested as an independent and on a NLP (National Loktantrik Party) ticket from Maudaha and Mainpuri respectively, bagging negligible votes. Interestingly, SP's Kalyan Singh Dohare won from Kannauj (SC).Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12140021", "title": "Drunken driving: 35 vehicles seized", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh traffic police have impounded 35 vehicles while challaning drivers for drunken driving in the city on Saturday night.All vehicles are stationed in traffic police lines in Sector 29.The tipsy drivers were not allowed to call their family members after being challaned.Considering that allowing a person to call his known after being caught for drunk driving is a time and manpower consuming exercise, Chandigarh traffic police stopped this practice and started impounding the vehicles of drunk drivers from March 2.The scheme was lunched four months back. On March 2, police impounded 50 vehicles including 25 SUVs during the anti drunken driving drive in the city.A total 1,200 persons have been challaned for drunken driving and due to the scheme, police had impounded only 305 vehicles out of 1,200 during the first two months of 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "margao/panaji", "code": "12141504", "title": "Poll staff reach home only at 2 am", "text": "MARGAO/PANAJI: Though the election process at polling booths was appreciated by most political parties and the electorate, some polling staff, especially women, had a nightmarish experience as they reached home from duty long after midnight on Sunday morning.The voting process, though slow due to poll monitoring, passed off smoothly and without any major hitches. But the polling staff, especially at Fatorda stadium, heading homewards in the north complained of long hours of agonizing wait for transport back home.\"We were made to wait for more than two hours at Fatorda,\" a government official deployed on polling duty said. The staff from north Goa deployed in various constituencies of Salcete had reported at Fatorda stadium by 9am on Friday.\"From here, we collected the election material and proceeded to the respective polling booths in the taluka,\" another official said.But long after the last beep of the electronic voting machine was recorded when everybody had settled down to dinner, the polling staff in Fatorda were still waiting to go home.\"A few vehicles had departed at 10pm on Saturday, but we missed boarding it,\" a source said. But many of the staffers who had finished their work were forced to wait till their colleagues elsewhere joined them. \"We sat in the bus for more than two hours and reached home only around 2 in the morning,\" a female staffer said.\"No separate transport arrangements were made for women,\" a female staffer lamented.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12145752", "title": "TDSAT to telcos: Pay penalty on graded scales", "text": "NEW DELHI: Telecom tribunal TDSAT has asked private operators, on whom DoT has imposed penalty for not reverifying prepaid connections in Assam and North East, to pay 25 per cent of the fine as per the old slab system.Clarifying its earlier order, TDSAT said the operators would pay 25 per cent of the penalty imposed by DoT following \"graded scales\", which invite penalty based on the percentage of subscribers unverified.There is a dispute between the operators and the Department of Telecom on the interpretation of \"graded scales\".In April 2009, DoT had introduced a \"graded scale\" of penalty, based on the percentage of correct verifications reported.If the percentage of correct subscriber was above 95 per cent, then penalty was Rs 1,000 per unverified subscriber; between 90 to 95 per cent it was Rs 5,000 and below 80 per cent was is Rs 50,000.The dispute is for the figure above 91 per cent. In cases where the correct verification was up to 91 per cent, penalty was Rs 1,000 per unverified subscriber next for 5 per cent. For the rest 4 per cent, it was Rs 5,000.However, DoT by a new circular of February 3, said that telcos would have to pay Rs 5,000 for the entire 9 per cent of unverified subscribers.In an interim order on February 6, the Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal had asked the operators to pay one-fourth of the penalty imposed on them. The operators are -- Dishnet Wireless, Vodafone, Bharti Airtel , Idea Cellular and Reliance Telecom.TDSAT's clarification came over a bunch of petitions filed by them, along with their GSM industry lobby group COAI, seeking stay on the penalty imposed by the DoT's Telecom Enforcement Resource and Monitoring cell.In orders on similar matter related to other telecom circles, on May 18 and June 3, the tribunal had said that the operators would pay penalty in accordance with their own interpretation of \"graded scale\".However, while the passing interim order, the tribunal had left the issue pertaining to the calculation of penalty, following which the operators sought clarification.\"We would like to clarify our orders dated May 18, 2011 and June 3, 2011 passed in Petition No. 252 of 2011 will be applicable to these petitions also as a matter of principle,\" said the tribunal.The government's directive to reverify has been challenged by the COAI, contending that it was prepared \"without any application of mind\" and \"in a totally casual manner\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144214", "title": "Atharva loses 10 kilos", "text": "The actor is undergoing a makeover for Bala's upcoming filmVikram lost a lot of weight for Sethu and Pithamagan, Arya learnt yoga for Naan Kadavul and Vishal had to sport a squint for Avan Ivan. All for director Bala, who is known to be a taskmaster. And now, it looks like it's the turn of Atharva - the hero of the filmmaker's upcoming movie Eriyum Thanal - to work out, quite literally.A little birdie tells us that the actor, the son of late actor Murali, is going that extra yard to get his role in to the best of his director's liking. The Muppozhuthum Un Karpanaigal star is said to be losing up to 10 kilos for this particular role.A source says, \"The actor is on a strict diet and keeps working out on a daily basis to keep his weight in check. As the second schedule is coming up soon, he's working against time to get in shape for that.\"The first schedule of the film was completed and the output has pleased the unit and crew. \"As with Bala's previous films, there's a shroud of mystery surrounding this project as well,\" adds the source, \"The filmmaker is careful not to let out key details about the characters and the project out till the last.\"When CT contacted Atharva, he says, \"All I can say is that we're working hard on the film. Bala is a dream director for me and working with him on the first schedule has been a learning experience. We're looking forward to the second schedule.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12140740", "title": "Centre to beef up power grids in Kerala cities", "text": "KANNUR: The Centre in a move to beef up power distribution in State's metros has earmarked Rs 83.15 crore for Thiruvananthapuram, Kozhikode, and Kochi .The tender process will begin this month and the fund will be utilized for reducing transmission and distribution loss by using SCADA (supervisory control and data acquisition) technology.Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal has said that the government was planning to extend the project to smaller towns in the state too.Earlier, it was implemented only in the towns with population of over 30,000 and where the transmission and distribution (T&D;) loss is more than 15%.\"However, since the rate of transmission loss is less in Kerala, the Centre is planning to implement it in towns with a population of 15,000,\" Venugopal said.The scheme will include 28 towns of north Kerala out of which 21 towns of Kannur are included.Meanwhile, in a move to improve utilities in tourist destinations and pilgrimage centres, the Centre has decided to provide funds for underground cabling of electricity connections.The minister said that though Centre was willing to help state weather the power crisis, there are many bottlenecks in the transmission corridor.He said projects worth Rs 1,170 crore are in progress in the state under the Restructured Accelerated Power Development and Reforms Programme (R-APDRP).The scheme aims to improve the distribution and transmission networks using modern technology. While Rs 214 crore was sanctioned earlier to implement the project in 43 towns, it will now be extended to 42 more towns in the second phase with an additional Rs 872 crore.The Centre is mulling to use solar and wind energy to provide electricity to houses in forest areas. \"The project will be implemented with 90% Central grant with a facility for free maintenance up to five years,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12141888", "title": "PG programme\u2019s batch size delays placements at IIM-Indore", "text": "INDORE: The overcrowded batch of Post Graduate Programme (PGP) 2010-12 seems to be a major hurdle for the Indian Institute of Management-Indore (IIM-I) to beat placement blues this year. This is said to be one of the reasons that usual placement season has got delayed at the institute, which used to conclude by mid-February. Startlingly, the institute is struggling to place an odd number of nearly 70 students this year due to an enlarged batch size, which is highest among all IIMs.\"The size of PGP batch was doubled this year as compared to the previous one. Placing 450 students is becoming a Herculean task for the placement committee. Though most of the students have been placed, some are still struggling,\" claimed an IIM-I source.Even taking innovative route with their placement process to beat recession troubles could bear desired results as major placement consultancy firms could not come up with good placement packages for the prestigious institute like IIM.According to sources, out of a 450 strong batch in PGP, nearly 380 students have been successfully placed. A few students received international placements and some opted out of placement to become entrepreneurs. The average placement salary package of the 2010-12 batch is expected to be between Rs 12.8 lakh and Rs 13 lakh per annum, which is almost close to last year's average annual package of Rs 14.06 despite an increase in batch size.The annual package this year has seen a rise of nearly Rs 2 lakh per annum with an international bank offering Rs 34 lakh per annum to students, sources said. Most of the recruiting companies are new visitors at the campus selecting a good number of students from the institute.Participation from sunrise sectors like e-commerce and education has been promising to provide jobs to students. Nearly 130 companies have visited the campus so far.On the other hand the placement cell at the institute, which till last year promised to place only 300 students, is now looking forward to place the whole batch in the coming days. Bhaskar Chaudhary, secretary, student placement committee, said, \"We are almost through with the placement process though it may take a little more time to conclude it. The batch size is the highest among all the IIMs and going by the market scenario, it is proving to be difficult to place a huge batch. This has delayed placement this year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "keshpur", "code": "12141317", "title": "Two killed in tusker attack", "text": "KESHPUR: A group of three elephants have entered Keshpur from Salboni - which they never did in the past - going on rampage and killing unsuspecting villagers heading to their fields. The forest department, along with police and locals, were trying their best to push this elephants back to the jungles dotting Mayurjharna project area from where they'd gone astray.Among those killed were Sk Aminuddion (38), a resident of Anandapur's Jaganathpur and Fadan Patar (55), a resident of Anandapur's Bela. Aminuddin had a horrific death when they tusker not only flung him on the ground but gorged the body by its tusks. Around 7:30 am, Aminuddin unaware of the overnight developments was headed to his fields when the elephant attacked him. Local villagers were trying to stop the elephants from entering their village when the elephant while backing off found Aminuddin and attacked him. Several others too were injured. But Fadan succumbed to his injuries around 3:30 p.m. today. Villagers claimed nearly 20 bighas of cultivation - including vegetables and paddy - were completely destroyed by the rampaging tuskers.DFO Asish Samata said, \"The elephants never take this route. So they took everyone by surprise. It could so happen they'd gone astray from the group in search of food or since there a couple of male tuskers they came here following females. We are trying our best to drive them away toward Salboni jungles, from where they arrived in the first place.\" Samata said police and locals too are assisting them to drive away the elephants from Keshpur.Forest officials are sure these tuskers were from a group of 23 tuckers spotted in the jungles dotting the Mayurjharna project. For some reason they didn't leave last year in September and chose to stay back. This group, forest officers said, was causing the maximum damage and had a tendency to sneak in uncharted routes in search of food. This group, originally from the Dalma Range, has already created havoc late last year in the jungles dotting Garbeta. They were quite for a while, till they spread havoc in Anandapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12140385", "title": "A fun-filled glittering afternoon keeps the ball rolling", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It wasn't just the sun that made Sunday morning a bright one, but an array of Hollywood and Bollywood stars, who descended on the green course of Chandigarh Golf Club adding dazzle to the Alchemist presents Times IGP Invitational Golf Tournament. The galaxy of guests from showbiz and sports included Academy award winning filmmaker Kathryn Bigelow, writer Mark Boal, Bollywood actors Sunny Deol, Sanjay Dutt, Kirron Kher, Abhay Deol, Neeru Bajwa and 'flying Sikh' Milkha Singh and his son ace golfer Jeev Milkha Singh among others.Jeev cheered the participating golfers coming from diverse backgrounds.\"It's a very interesting event and a good initiative of local police. It's also good to be in Chandigarh as we have got a lot of support from the police and people here,\" said Boal.Over 96 golfers of this region competed in five different categories on Sunday. The participants included bureaucrats, senior police officers, prominent members of the judiciary and defense cadre, business tycoons and young kids.Legendary athlete Milkha Singh also participated in the tournament and encouraged the youngsters to work hard and remain focused in order to achieve their goals in life.\"I am delighted to be here and become a part of this tournament. Though I do not know to play golf, but I am sure participating in it would be fun,\" said Sanjay Dutt.A Goa-based band entertained the guests and audience with their live act while various fun-filled activities ensured a joyous morning for every one present. The tournament will now go to different cities like Jalandhar, Srinagar, Gurgaon and then, the winners from each city would return to Chandigarh on November 17 to compete for the Times IGP trophy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12140924", "title": "Sports all set to get a fillip with 11-fold Budget hike", "text": "One key aspect of state Budget for 2012-13, which went unnoticed, is the 11-fold hike in the allocation for sports, effected by finance minister Anam Ramanarayana Reddy. The credit for this unprecedented increase in the sports allocation from Rs 20 crore in 2011-12 to Rs 220 crore in 2012-13 state budget goes to cricketer-chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy.To promote sports, the government aims to build one mini-stadium, comprising an indoor and outdoor stadium and athletic track of 200 to 400 metres, in each of the 294 Assembly constituencies in the state. Eventually, the government plans to have a mini-stadium in every mandal in the state in the next two to three years.It was in July last year that Kiran Kumar Reddy had sanctioned construction of mini-stadium/sports complex in each mandal and asked district collectors to identify 5 to 7.5 acres of land. In the past, out of 1,122 mandals in the state, Sports Authority of Andhra Pradesh (Saap) had started construction of mini-stadia in 41 mandal towns. However, these mini-stadia could not be completed due to paucity of funds. Now, with the enhanced budgetary allocation of Rs 200 crore, Saap will take up construction of stadia and modernisation of sports facilities, especially in mandal towns located in the 294 Assembly constituencies. In Phase I, renovation of neglected stadia in districts will be taken up. Phase II envisages completion of mini stadia where works were stalled midway. In the third, construction of mini-stadia will be completed in other mandals. The time-frame for the entire programme is three years.AP was among the first to establish the State Sports Council. The AP Sports Council was renamed as the Sports Authority of AP through Act 4 of the Assembly in 1988 with the mandate for creation and maintenance of sports infrastructure and promotion of sports in the state. There are 258 sports infrastructure facilities maintained by Saap today. Incidentally, AP was also the first state that formulated a comprehensive sports policy as part of the Vision-2020 document. As part of the policy, the government announced several incentives for sportspersons and initiated a series of measures to promote sports at the village, mandal and district level with a vision to make Hyderabad the \"sports capital\" of India with state-of-the-art facilities of international standards.No wonder, Hyderabad shot to fame in the country and the world of sports a decade ago by hosting the 32nd National Games in Dec. 2002. To facilitate this event, new stadia were constructed in Hyderabad, including GMC Balayogi Athletic Stadium, Hockey Stadium, Indoor Stadium and Modern Aquatic Complex at Gachi Bowli, KVBR Indoor Stadium at Yousufguda, Indoor Stadium at Saroornagar, Tennis Stadium at Fateh Maidan and Velodrome at Osmania University campus. These stadia with total seating capacity of 54,000 were completed with a cost of Rs 75 crore.In October 2003, Hyderabad hosted the first edition of Afro-Asian Games. The central government provided assistance of Rs 103 crore to AP for organising these games. A shooting range was set up at the Central University campus with 600 seating capacity for the shooting event. The last major sports event in Hyderabad was the 4th Military World Games in October 2007 wherein over 5,000 athletes from 100 countries vied for 1,205 medals in 13 disciplines.If the state government is able to step up the allocations for sports from less than Rs 100 crore in the 11th Plan period (2007-2012) to something like Rs 1,500 crore/Rs 2,000 crore in the 12th Plan (2012-17), this would make AP a truly happening state in the sports arena.As they say, charity begins at home and CM Kiran Kumar, who calls himself a Hyderabadi, would do well to sanction 15 mini-stadia, one in each of the Assembly constituencies in the twin cities, and complete these on a war-footing.(The writer is a member of AP Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12139732", "title": "This Holi exams play spoiler for kids", "text": "MUMBAI: With Holi falling in between the board exams, SSC and HSC students are already worried about giving the festival of colours a miss. While some SSC students are planning to play despite their rigid schedule, senior students are not all that lucky.For most SSC students, March 9 would be a holiday as they have not opted for the second or third language or even the composite languages that are scheduled on that day. Still they prefer to remain indoors on the Holi day. Rohan Rukhana, student of Friends' School in Mulund claimed that he will not be able to play Holi despite not having any exam on March 9. \"Most of my friends who have opted for Sanskrit will have their exam and others who have opted for other composite paper, may chose to play. However, for me, even the long break that I have got for science will not be enough. I cannot afford to waste time,\" said Rukhana.Vinay Shekhar, from Holy Family High School, who has opted for French as his composite paper on March 9 has decided to play Holi as he is fully prepared for the paper. Kanish Shetty from Bombay Cambridge School will not Holi this year. \"I love the festival, but will not be able to participate this year due to the board exam,\" said Shetty.Many HSC Students are too worried about their papers the next day to play Holi. While science students have their Biology paper-I on March 9, students who have opted for economics will also have their exam on the same day. \"We can play Holi next year, but nobody is going to take chances with their exam. And we have our important paper the next day to even think about spending some time. Though it is a bit disappointing to see others enjoying the festival, when we are forced to study,\" said Rajesh Mehta, a commerce student.Parents on the other hand are worried about their children falling ill during the board exam. \"This year the exam goes on for a month. We have to ensure that our kids do not fall ill in between for any negligence on their part or our part. I will not be allowing my daughter to play this year,\" said a parent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12139275", "title": "4 accused advocates sent to Parappana Agrahara", "text": "BANGALORE: Four advocates who were arrested on Saturday following violence at the City Civil Court complex on Friday, were shifted to the Parappana Agrahara central jail on Sunday. But not before they too, like some high-profile inmates earlier, took the hospital route. While three of the four accused -Santosh, Raghavendra and Ravi Nayak- were taken to the jail from the jail ward of Victoria hospital, prime accused AP Ranganath was shifted to Jayadeva hospital after he reportedly complained of chest pain. However, doctors at Jayadeva sent him back to the jail after conducting required tests and finding him to be normal.Earlier in the morning, tests were conducted on all the four by Victoria hospital doctors after they complained of various health problems. Dr Mallikarjun, medical superintendent, said: \"Their entire physical test has been done. ECG report was normal. One among the accused, Santosh, who had certain wounds, was sent to our surgery department for further examination. But reports of all three of them were normal. They were treated as out-patients and sent back.''Around 3 pm, all the three were taken to Parappana Agrahara while Ranganath was shifted to Jayadeva after he complained of chest pain.Dr CN Manjunath, director, Sri Jayadeva Institute of Cardiovascular Sciences, told media that Ranganath was absolutely fine. \"Ranganath complained of discomfort, tiredness and fatigue. His ECG, Echo and treadmill tests are normal. He was treated as out-patient,\" he added. Ranganath was sent to Parappana Agrahara around 5 pm.Meanwhile, additional commissioner of police (Law and order) Sunil Kumar told TOI that no fresh arrests have been made on Sunday. \"Apart from these four, no more arrests have been made. The teams which have been set up to arrest the errant advocates are on the look out for the accused. We are in the final stages of getting all the visual evidence and have identified the advocates who created trouble at the court premises,\" he said.Two advocates, Vishwanath and Devaraj, were picked up for questioning in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12144191", "title": "Force and Finesse", "text": "Bandit Queen (1994) Bandit Queen created such an uproar when it was first released that it was impossible to separate the film from the noise - the censor board, women's organisations, Arundhati Roy and eventually even Phoolan Devi herself jumped into the fray , first denouncing and then supporting the film.But all the sound and fury couldn't distract from the fact that Bandit Queen was so gut wrenching that its images stayed embedded in your brain - a door that swings open and shut as more men come in to rape Phoolan Devi haunted me for years.This is not easy viewing - not just because the brutality is so graphic but because it indicts all of us. We are all somehow complicit in the fate of this woman who was married to a much older man when she was only 11 and then relentlessly abused by men in power - from her husband to cops to higher-castes to bandits. So the first time she is with a man she loves, she can't decide if she wants to make love or hit him.Shekhar Kapur , assisted by an array of incredible talents - from lead Seema Biswas to editor Renu Saluja to composer Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan - told a tough story with skill and compassion. It is truly Bollywood's loss that after Bandit Queen, nobody quite figured out what to do with an actor as remarkable as Biswas.Battleship Potemkin (1925) Since The Artist has brought silent movies back into focus, it seems like a good time to revisit Sergei Eisenstein's classic Battleship Potemkin. The film was made 87 years ago but it still retains its dramatic power - especially the iconic Odessa Steps episode, arguably the most famous sequence in cinema.The movie is based on a true story of sailors on an armored cruiser, who revolted after being served meats crawling with maggots. The ship's doctor takes a look and tells the angry men: Those are not worms. Those are only maggots. Wash them out with brine. It's good meat.Eisenstein wasn't attempting to create textured characters or an emotional arc here - the actors play types in a simplistic morality play in which the good people stand up against the evil czarist troops. But the battle has heft and tension. No matter how many times you've seen the original or references to it (in films like Brian De Palma's The Untouchables and Terry Gilliam's Brazil), when the pram with the wailing baby goes down the Odessa steps, you still gasp in horror.The sequence was so effective that it turned fiction into historical fact - it is widely believed that there was a massacre when actually no such event took place. Eisenstein's film helped to create the grammar of cinema and its power endures.Farewell My Concubine (1993) Farewell My Concubine is a visually sumptuous, ineffably tragic story of two artistes in the famed Peking Opera whose lives play out against tumultuous political events spanning half a century.The two meet as children and are molded through brutal methods (these include regular lashings and being strapped upside down) into famous performers, best known for their roles as king and concubine in a traditional opera. Their relationship becomes especially rocky after a woman, Juxian played by the stunning Gong Li , expands it into a triangle. But Cheng Dieyi, played by Leslie Cheung, and Duan Xiaolou played by Zhang Fengyi, are locked together in an eternal dance of love and hate.Chen Kaige , one of the seminal figures of China's Fifth Generation directors, tells the story on an epic scale. The film has sweep and scale but we never lose sight of the details - from the gorgeous opera costumes to Dieyi's expressions of a love so intense that ultimately it must turn vicious. Farewell My Concubine was nominated for two Oscars and is the only Chinese film ever to win the Palme d'Or. It is a thing of great beauty. Savor it.E.T- The Extra Terrestrial (1982) I cry when I watch E.T. Each time, I see that wise-eyed creature point his spindly finger at Elliot's heart and say 'I'll be right here,' I weep unashamedly. But the film's genius is that it also makes me laugh out loud, ache with emotion and fills me with wonder and delight. Is there any thing more enchanting than E.T. hiding in the closet among stuffed toys or going trick or treating on Halloween under a white sheet - when he sees a child dressed as Yoda, he starts to follow him, saying, 'home, home.'Steven Spielberg's love story between a 10-year-old boy and an alien had an innocence and purity that few movies can muster. And special effects designer Carlo Rambaldi's creation - a waddling creature with strange limbs and leathery skin who holds us with his eyes - was pure magic. It's hard to believe but Columbia Pictures turned down the movie because it was deemed too risky. Clearly, as writer William Goldman so eloquently put it, in the movie business, 'nobody knows anything.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12140954", "title": "One person arrested for practising 'black magic'", "text": "HYDERABAD: One more person was nabbed by South Zone police for allegedly cheating a woman by claiming supernatural powers and practising black magic. The Falaknuma police arrested Syed Saleemuddin of Fatima Nagar after a complaint was lodged on Saturday by one Zareena Begum. Begum reportedly sought Saleemuddin's assistance at Pahadi Shareef dargah . \"She visited his house twice and was charged Rs 5000.He then soon began demanding more money and also misbehaved with her,\" said Falaknuma inspector. The police have registered a case under Section 354 (outraging the modesty of a woman) and Drugs And Magic Remedies Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "12141640", "title": "Jat sangharsh samiti threatens to intensify stir", "text": "HISAR: The agitating jat leaders on Sunday announced to intensify their stir by blocking rail tracks near two more villages despite the 26-member committee of the sarv khap panchayat on Saturday announcing that the stir has been suspended following its meeting with chief minister B S Hooda. The agitators refused to pay heed to the committee's announcement as the members failed to reach the agitation spot at Ramayan village on Sunday to apprise them about what transpired during their meeting with the CM.The members of the khap committee were to meet the agitators on Sunday morning.Meanwhile, train services continued to be suspended for the 15th day on Sunday and additional police force was deployed around the rail tracks after the leaders announced to intensify the stir while giving a last opportunity to the sarv khap committee members to meet them on Monday morning.The committee members reason for failing to meet the agitating jats at Ramayan village was the absence of some of the members who met the chief minister in Chandigarh.Rail tracks near Gajuwala and Mahuwala villages are the two additional locations identified for agitation by the members of All India Jat Arakshan Sangharsh Samiti (AIJASS).\"After a day long wait, none of the members had turned up to apprise us about the meeting with the chief minister. So we took our call on the matter,\" said Dharampal Chhot, state president of AIJASS.\"Hum kamzor nahi hain. Khap help karegi to dheek hai, nahi karegi to hum bhi government se nipatna jante hain (We are not weak. If khaps help us, that's alright, and if not, then we too know how to deal with the government),\" said Rambhagat Malik, district president of AIJASS.When contacted, Sube Singh, one of the members of sarv khap panchayat committee said, \"We know that the members of AIJASS are upset as we failed to reach the venue. We will meet the sangharsh samiti on Monday at 11am and will tell them about what we discussed with the government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12140363", "title": "Soon, cushioned seats in Central Railway 2nd class", "text": "MUMBAI: Second class commuters on the suburban network can expect comfortable ride in less than a year as the Central Railway (CR) will provide cushioned seats.Subodh Jain, general manager, CR, told TOI, \"Since it is pilot project, this type of seating arrangement will be provided in two Siemens rakes. We will watch the durability of this facility and also try to get feedback over two months after which it will be decided whether to extend this arrangement in other rakes.\"The move is being undertaken after a request from chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who was in favour of upgrading the comfort of the second class commuters.Once the cushioned seats are installed, it will be a path-breaking move on Mumbai's suburban rail network since July 2007 when the white and purple Siemen's rakes were introduced in the city. It radically improved passenger comfort as these rakes came with features like forced ventilation, better lighting, smoother ride, stainless steel interiors, better acceleration and braking.The official said the work to provide cushioned seats in two rakes is estimated to cost Rs 27 lakh. The work is expected to be complete within six months from the date of finalization of the contract. Material made of coir will be used to prepare the cushion seat in second class. According to CR officials, \"It is cheaper compared to rubber foam which is being used for making cushion seats in first class compartment. Rubber foam is expensive and has to be treated with chemicals to make it fire-resistant.\"Apart from being heat and moisture resistant, coir is also considered to be moth-proof and flame-resistant. Coir fibre is tough, durable and can spring back to shape even after constant use. In case of a fire, the smoke emanating from the coir is considered non-poisonous.However, the existing seat arrangement made of wood/hardboard can accommodate four passengers, which may not be the case with the cushion seats. The official said, \"Being soft, cushion seats will not provide grip for a fourth commuter to balance himself.\"Also, these seats may require recurring maintenance as they can be easily torn or damaged by miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12146190", "title": "SP hopeful of majority in UP, Mulayam likely to be next CM: Akhilesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: With just a day left for counting of votes, the Samajwadi Party on Monday said it was hopeful of getting a majority in Uttar Pradesh and party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav will become the next chief minister.\"We have a done a lot of hard work to ensure the success of the party and are hopeful of getting majority,\" SP state president Akhilesh Yadav told reporters here.Asked about the chief ministerial candidate of the party, Akhilesh said that 'netaji' (Mulayam Singh Yadav) was everyone's choice.\"The elected legislators will decide, who will be the next CM. I think netaji is everyone's choice and will become the CM,\" he said.About post-poll alliances, Yadav said that the situation would become clearer after counting.On Congress leader Beni Prasad Verma's comment pitching for support to BSP, Akhilesh Yadav said that it was his view and his party had to decide on it.With exit polls predicting a hung Assembly in Uttar Pradesh, Verma, who quit Samajwadi Party in 2007 following differences with Mulayam Singh Yadav, said he would personally prefer BSP to SP, which he dubbed as a \"party of goons\".Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12146014", "title": "Rahul wants a new tune", "text": "With the insurgence of young voices, Mollywood is singing fresh tunes these days, feels playback singer Rahul Nambiar, who is popular in Kollywood and Tollywood circles too.However, Rahul says that the scope for experimenting in Malayalam is limited due to the complex nature of the language. \"We can't experiment too much in Malayalam, unlike in Hindi or Tamil, which are more flexible. However, since we also give a lot of importance to the lyrics and diction, Malayalam music stands out,\" he says.The Addada Mazhada singer, talking about the Malayalam film industry, says, \"The industry is undergoing a lot of change in the last few years. It has opened up to desi and high-range voices.\" He is all praise for young musicians for bringing in a new vision to the industry despite all the limitations. Rahul is currently awaiting the release of Mr Marumakan for which he has crooned two songs and another one for composer Gopi Sunder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12139666", "title": "Metro has a unique design for INA station", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first time, commuters will access the platform before the concourse in Phase III of the Delhi Metro network when it expands the existing INA Metro station. Till now, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) has been consistently designing stations where commuters access the concourse before the platform, irrespective of whether the station is underground or elevated.DMRC will be expanding the existing INA Metro station in the third phase, to connect the existing Jehangirpuri-HUDA city centre corridor with the new Mukundpur to Yamuna Vihar corridor, which is part of Phase III. A DMRC spokesperson said, \"From the perspective of construction, this metro station is going to be unique, as the platform will be constructed above the concourse for the first time in Delhi Metro. This is because of height variation between the existing INA station and the upcoming new INA station owing to the existing Metro tunnel at the location. The DMRC has modified the station design to adjust to the new circumstances.\"That's not all. The station is being tipped as a major interchange Metro station, with connectivity to not only three major shopping hubs which it caters to at present - Sarojini Nagar, INA market and Delhi Haat - but also to areas like Mukundpur, Rajouri Garden and Mayur VIhar in future.\"At present the residents of these far-flung localities find it inconvenient to visit these centres owing to inadequate alternative public transport facilities,\" said the DMRC spokesperson. The station will bring Delhi closer as it provides accessibility from all directions. Students travelling between the North and South campuses of Delhi University will also be able to commute by Metro by using INA as an interchange station. The station will have five entry and exit points for the convenience of passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "12168807", "title": "Travelling with cash? Beware of cops!", "text": "NIZAMABAD: In a curious scenario, small traders and commoners are facing music from police for carrying money and ornaments ahead of the Kamareddy by-elections.While top police officials claim that they are strictly following the instructions of the Election Commission , people, especially small businessmen, are facing difficulties following restrictions on carrying money and gold and silver ornaments.Though police have seized Rs 1 crore cash and 30 kgs of silver ornaments from various check posts, neither was a political leader arrested nor were the seized valuables found to belong to any political party. According to police records, cash of Rs 75 lakh was seized from a person belonging to Maharashtra at Kamareddy on February 22 and Rs 14 lakh was recovered from one Gouraiah at the Machareddy check-post on February 27. Gouraiah, a native of Potangal village of Mustabad mandal of Karimnagar district was proceeding towards Nizamabad for registration of his land when cops stopped him.On Sunday, Dichpalli police seized 30 kg silver at Gannaram check-post. Kamarreddy-based silver merchant Bhemaiah was carrying silver after collecting it ar Armoor, Nirmal of Adilabad and Nanded of Maharastra. Cops did not spare the businessman even though he showed them purchase receipts. An amount of Rs 10 lakh was recovered during vehicle checking at the housing board area in Kamareddy town on Monday evening. Paatha Bhairaiah, a resident of Kamareddy town was carrying the money which he got through the sale of his house in Hyderabad.Another Rs 4.12 lakh cash was seized at Gannaram. Four youths were proceeding towards Hyderabad from Metpalli of Karimnagar to purchase a second hand car. Wholesale oil trader Gangadhar criticised police for not checking the vehicles of political leaders who are most likely to carry huge quantities of cash.People, especially small businessmen, are facing difficulties following restrictions on carrying money and gold and silver ornaments in view of bypoll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12139918", "title": "4 new areas notified as sanctuaries", "text": "NAGPUR: In a big boost for wildlife, and tigers in particular, the state government has notified four new sanctuaries by adding around 350 sq km to the existing 8,100 sq km under the protected area (PA) network.The notifications were issued on February 27 and 28, and March 1, 2012. The areas that have been notified include Umarzari adjoining Nagzira Wildlife Sanctuary (152.81 sq km); Navegaon sanctuary around Navegaon National Park (133.88) and new Bor sanctuary around existing Bor Wildlife Sanctuary (61.1 sq km).The notification will pave the way for declaring Navegaon-Nagzira as a tiger reserve and Bor as part of the Pench Tiger Reserve. The state has also renotified 2 sq km area of Nannaj sanctuary, which was the best potential area for Great Indian Bustards (GIBs). When the 8,496.44 sq km bustard sanctuary was denotified to 1,222.61 sq km, the 2 sq km area was also included in it. However, now it has again been notified.Official sources said to compensate the reduction in area of Nannaj sanctuary in Solapur district, the government has come up with four new areas as sanctuaries.Wildlife experts like Kishor Rithe, Bittu Sahgal and Debi Goenka have welcomed the move but said the move is inadequate to actually compensate the loss of protected area. They claimed that it was decided that area to be deleted from Nannaj sanctuary would be compensated by notifying equal area as sanctuaries in Maharashtra.\"The GIB sanctuary area was reduced from 8,496.44 sq km to 1,222.61 sq km, whereas government has only declared approximately 350 sq km area as new sanctuaries. Hence, the efforts are not enough,\" Rithe, who is also member of the National Wildlife Board (NBWL), said.\"As per the National Wildlife Action Plan, India should reserve 10% area under wildlife sanctuaries and national parks. After Nannaj denotification, the area in the state has drastically decreased from 4.97% to 2.6% i.e. from 15,332.49 sq km to 8,058.66 sq km - a sharp drop of 60.55%. The government needs to bring more areas under the PA network,\" said Debi Goenka.\"There are three potential areas; Kopela-Kolamarka (Gadchiroli), Umred-Karangla (Nagpur) and some good grassland areas in Marathwada, which can be declared as sanctuaries,\" said conservationist Bittu Sahgal.According to official sources, Bor sanctuary will be extended to 120.39 sq km. It will include existing sanctuary area of 61 sq km area and adjoining 60.70 sq km (12.24 sq km from Nagpur and 48.46 sq km from Wardha).The 120.39 sq km Bor will be 'satellite' core of 257.23 sq km Pench along with 172.86 sq km Mansinghdeo sanctuary. If entire area of these three PAs is clubbed, Pench will become 550.47 sq km. As per the latest (2010-11) tiger estimation report of the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA), there are 24 tigers in Pench-Bor landscape.Looking into these tiger-rich areas, former environment minister Jairam Ramesh during his city visit on September 13, 2010, had made it clear that Navegaon-Nagzira and Bor would be declared as tiger reserves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12139671", "title": "Tribals, dalits take to streets against illegal mining", "text": "LUCKNOW: Thousands of dalits and tribals took to streets in Sonbhadra on Sunday to protest against the illegal mining taking place in the district. The immediate cause of the protest was the recent mining accident which left over 10 labourers dead. The protesters organised a march and gheraoed the local police station.They also handed over a memorandum to the district administration. Addressed to the governor, the memorandum demanded CBI inquiry into the illegal mining in the district, action against local forest and mining officials as well as labour and revenue department personnel.The agitators also demanded action against the police which, they claimed, have knowledge of all illegal mining taking place but do nothing to stop it.People served an ultimatum that they would launch a big movement if their demands are not met within 15 days. On February 27, around a dozen labourers were buried alive in a landslide following a blast in a mine. The protesters alleged that the blast was carried out by untrained staff. They said that the workers were from nearby villages who were forced to work in the mines because they are not getting employment under MNREGA.They also said that illegal mining has resulted in a large scale air and water pollution in the region, causing respiratory diseases. They also pointed out that those involved in illegal mining include politicians of various parties and some journalists.The protest was jointly organised by the National Forum of Forest People and Forest Workers, Kaimur Kshetra Mahila Mazdoor Kisan Sangharsh Samiti, Human Rights Law Network, Federation of Natural Resources Based Working People and Inqlabi Naujwan Sabha among others.The Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court has also taken cognizance of illegal mining and accidents in Sonbhadra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12139954", "title": "Knives out for Nitin Raut", "text": "NAGPUR: Continuing their tirade against EGS minister Nitin Raut for the setback Congress suffered in civic polls, party leaders from North Nagpur met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Sunday and demanded his resignation.Led by general secretary of City Congress Committee Raju Dronkar, the anti-Raut group assembled at airport and shouted slogans against the minister. When Chavan came out of the airport terminal, Dronkar and his supporters urged him to hear them out. Chavan stopped for a while and discussed the issue with the disgruntled activists.Dronkar said, \"Congress was expected to come to power but could not due to its poor performance in north Nagpur where it got just five seats out of 26. Of the five seats, three were from Lokmanch. Raut denied tickets to loyal Congress men. Action must be taken against him. As punishment, party should not give him ticket for next polls.\"President of party's city unit Jaiprakash Gupta was unhappy with the public act. \"All leaders get a chance to talk in party meetings. Protesting in public in not the right way. I have informed the state body about it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12145480", "title": "Discounts at the book fair attract youngsters", "text": "Stalls at the book fair put up bargain counters to attract younger customersThe fact that the recently concluded World Book Fair 2012 at Pragati Maidan saw over seven lakh visitors is enough to validate that there are still enough book readers in the capital.But, participants at the nine-day long literary extravaganza also ensured that they had something for every pocket, including books on special discounts and bargains. Even though the National Book Trust only allowed the participants to offer a standard 10% discount on the books, many of the stalls had special bargain or discount counters in a bid to surprise customers with special offers. For instance, Om Books International had special segments for books worth Rs 100, Rs 200 and Rs 300. Ajay Mago, the publisher, told us, \"There are always buyers who come looking for special prices at the book fair, and these counters are for those. These do really well especially with the younger lot.\"Some like Penguin , which is celebrating 25 years of its existence had a stand of its most iconic titles at reduced prices, while others like Harper Collins India had special \"Buy 3 for 2\" schemes running at the book fair. Anandita Sharma, a college student, told us, \"As a student, I have a limited budget that I can spend here. Obviously, I'll first buy specific titles that I am looking for, and with the leftover money I'd like to buy cheaper fiction titles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12143822", "title": "Dia Mirza behind closed doors", "text": "The actress was locked inside her dressing room minutes before her show-stopper entryThe fashion week which kicked off last week in the city in a suburban hotel had its first 'oops' moment with Dia Mirza . The pretty actress was the show stopper for Khusali Kumar, daughter of late music tycoon Gulshan Kumar, for her 'fairy tale' collection. However, it nearly turned into a nightmare with Dia getting locked up in her dressing room by accident.An eye witness backstage informed Mumbai Mirror, \"The models were walking on the ramp as choreographed and everything was going fine. Dia was inside her dressing room doing her final touch up. The event managers were instructed to alert her as soon as her musical cue was played. To everyone's horror, her door somehow got locked and despite the coordinators trying their best, it refused to open.\"Meanwhile, neither the models nor the audience were aware about what was happening inside as everything appeared seamless on the ramp.The eye witness adds, \"Twenty seconds before her appearance, a panic-stricken coordinator said 'I don't care how you open the door she has to be on stage right now because her cue has already started.\"'What followed was considerable banging and a smashing down of the obstinate door after which a rattled Dia, was rushed to the stage.Thankfully, it was just in time for an applause. When contacted, Mirza told this newspaper, \"Yes, I was stuck.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12140097", "title": "Sena, BJP protesters bring Thane to a halt", "text": "THANE: A high-stakes political battle between the Shiv Sena-BJP and the Congress-NCP combine to seize control of the Rs 1,700-crore Thane municipal corporation caused immense hardships to the locals here who woke up to a total bandh in the lake city on Sunday.Weekend shoppers and regulars who crowd the streets, cinema halls and hotels on Sunday were forced to stay indoors as all commercial and business activity was brought to a grinding halt by the Sena-BJP activists. Autorickshaws and buses run by the Thane municipal transport body were pulled off the streets as quite a few vehicles were the target of the protestor's ire.The immediate trigger for the bandh call was the alleged kidnapping'' of a newly-elect BJP corporator Suhasini Lokhande who has been reported missing by her brother Prakash Tambat. The BJP has accused NCP leader Jitendra Awhad of being the master mind behind the kidnap drama so as to add to their tally of votes for the March 6 polls to elect the city mayor.Awhad said the city has been held to ransom by the Sena and that he had no role to play in Lokhande's case, Lokhande, subsequently called a television channel on Sunday and declared that she was safe but declined to reveal here whereabouts. She said she would attend the polls to elect the Mayor and will vote for the Sena-BJP candidate. The Mayor elections has set-off a never-before seen horse trading and desperate politicking to upset the rival parties calculations. The Sena-BJP-RPI is just four short for a simple majority of 66 votes in the 130-seat civic body, whereas the DF combine which has collectively polled 52 seats, has backed the support of Independent taking their tally to 57. A local gangster Raja Gavari who won the polls on a Congress ticket from Kalwa, will also cast his vote in the polls, as the Thane sessions court on Friday granted him immunity from arrests till March 7. He has been absconding for over a year now on charges of murder and extortion.The Raj Thackeray-led MNS which has seven corporators here, will prove to be a game changer in this bitter political struggle and his decision to abstain from the polls or to side with either of the political party will tilt the scales here. Should he abstain from the polls, the Sena would have a cake-walk to the Mayor's post. However, NCP top bosses are said to be in contact with him persuading him to join hands. His decision to support the Sena will depend on the latter's stand in Nashik corporation where the Sena's move to abstain from polls will help his party to get the Mayor's post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12139250", "title": "50% of government schools have no playgrounds", "text": "BANGALORE: Vidya Raani from GTLPS School stood up at the recent children's ward sabha in Bangalore to say: \"Neelapuram Government School has 100 children, but no playground. Where do we play?\"Little Vidya's query only reflected the indifference we have towards a child's basic need - playing. To walk in line to a playground for PT exercise or to play football during free hours is a luxury for schoolchildren now. Of 50,000 elementary and secondary schools under the education department in Karnataka, almost half of the schools do not have a playground.Among elementary schools, while 24,563 have playgrounds, 20,636 don't, the department said. In the level of secondary education, it's 3,339 who have versus 1,120 have-nots.While the government is struggling to fix toilets and drinking water facilities in schools on time, the facility of playgrounds has always got overlooked. Not that it's just Bangalore institutions grappling with this, but things look no better in other districts as well.While Bangalore Urban and Rural has 1,419 schools without playgrounds, Chitradurga has more schools without a playground than ones with the facility. In Tumkur, 1,366 schools do not have grounds. Mysore is no better, with 1,067 schools having no access as against 871 with the facility.The better-offs are in Dakshina Kannada, with only 117 schools without grounds among the 1,000-odd institutions. Shimoga has 1,100 schools with playgrounds, while 779 are deprived of them. Secondary schools are the luckier lot as the majority has playgrounds across districts.Though there was a proposal by Rastriya Madhyamika Shiksha Abhiyan (RMSA) to take children to neighbouring playgrounds, it wasn't approved because of logistical issues. \"Space is an issue everywhere. Usually, in schools, children are given sports equipment and asked to go and play in the available space,\" said AS Seetharamu, consultant, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan.Other facilitiesThere are 2,700 schools with no electricity. Of this, 770 are secondary schools. Belgaum, Chikkodi and Bidar are among the worst affected.The heartening news: there are 35,000 schools with ramps and only 11,000 without it. Except for a few hundreds, 48,000 schools have libraries.Haves and have-notsFacility------------------ Elementary school---------- Secondary school----------------------------Yes--------No----------------------Yes----------NoPlayground------------24,563---20,636-----------------3,339-------1,120Electricity---------------43,160---2,039-------------------3,687-------772Ramps-------------------35,383---9,816-------------------1,701-------2,758Library-------------------44,593---606----------------------4,191------268Compound wall--------31,281---13,918------------------2,762------1,697Source: Sarva Siksha Abhiyan (SSA)Times view", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12139982", "title": "Funny lines of poetry add mirth to Holi", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With Holi fever catching up fast in the city, one of the oldest locality of the city, Daragunj hosted the annual Mugdar Baraat on Saturday nightwhichwas followed by Hasya kavi sammelan. For the local residents it was time to feast amidst the spirit of festivities and doses of laughter handed out by poets who has gathered on the occasion.The Baraat led by office bearers of Prayagraj Sewa Samiti carrying the traditional mugdar( traditional gymn equipment) donated by the families of noted wrestlers from the city, Krishna Rao and Lalai Pahelwan was taken out in Daragunj on Saturday night.Starting from Dr Prabhat Shastri and passing through the ancient BeniMadhav temple, curious onlookers had lined up across the roads to catch a glimpse of the event which marks the beginning of Holi festivities in the city. Sporting colourful Holi caps and Abir Gulal smeared on their forehead, members of the samiti led by the secretary, Teerthraj Pandey, chanted the slogan \"Bura Na Mano Holi hail\" which reverberated in the air even as the Baraat culminated at Dhaka dhak crossing.TheHasya kavi sammelan began with the recitation of Kuteshwar Nath Tripathiwho invoked the Goddess of Learning-Saraswati in his composition.This was followed by his traditional composition of Bhojpuri humour where he took pot shots at the cosy relationship between brother-in-law(jija) and sisterin-law(saali) by saying \"Saali Hamar kavi sammelan mein ek khila huwa Guldasta, Saala hamaar aisey jaise atikraman virodhi dasta\".This sent the audience into peels of laughter. Similar compositionswere presented by other poets including Lalji Singh, Umesh Patel, Dharmendra Tripathi, Maqdoom Phulpuri, Ritambhara Mishra, Noori Parveen, Faiyaz Ahmad, Dharma Prakash Mishra, Rajesh Pandey and others which drew wide applause from the gathering which sat till the wee hours to listen to the poets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12144396", "title": "Bohra Muslims display their sartorial traditions", "text": "KOLKATA: The heart of the city witnessed a procession on Sunday morning, which, unlike other usual processions that we are used to, was pure visual delight. Men and children from the Dawoodi Bohra community, dressed in exotic fineries walked more than three kilometers from Chandni Chowk to Pollock Street near Dalhousie.The community celebrated the 101st birthday of the religious head of the global Bohra Muslim community, Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin Saheb.The traditional attire of the community being completely different from what is worn by Muslims otherwise, it sure attracted a lot of attention. So instead of the skull cap most men and children wore quite elaborate topis, in white embroidered with gold thread. These bore resemblance to caps in the Arab and Egyptian traditions. There were many who wore pink saafas, golden phetas and something similar to pagdis from the Yemeni and Egyptian traditions, that were the original homes of the Bohra Muslims.Sartorial traditions were also visible in the kurtas that the menfolk wore. These are distinct from the awami suit that are worn by other Muslims with curved cuts. The Bohra Muslim jhokha, or the tunic that the menfolk of the community wear as a mark of respect when they visit mosques was also visible. This is clearly a Yemeni tradition. But in India the Jhokha is made of light cotton because the Yemeni severe cold is absent here.A total of 3800 members of the community live in Kolkata, of the one million Bohra Muslims living in the country. It is essentially a trading community that settled in Gujarat after migrating into India from Egypt and Yemen many centuries ago. It was during the time of the East India company that a group of Bohra Muslims moved to Bengal. The seniors of the community say that these people were from Surat who moved to Bengal to establish trading relations.\"We are essentially traders of textiles and metals (read hardware) and in Bengal we continued with that tradition. The batches of Bohra Muslims who moved to Bengal from Gujarat were called Bangali wallas and even today many of the earliest Bohra Muslim families in Kolkata are known by that adage,\" said Saifuddin Faizullabhoy, a senior member of the community.The procession converged in the community's mosque called the Saifee Masjid. A sprcial prayer was organized and peans were sung of Prophet Mohammed and His Holiness the 52nd Syedna of the community.\"The Syedna's birthday is of great religious significance to the global community of Dawoodi Bohras because the spiritual headquarters of the community has shifted to India from the time of the 25th Syedna,\" explained another senior member of the community, Shabbir Chiba.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12141071", "title": "Realtor Gupta wielded influence in 2 governments", "text": "HYDERABAD: There was a time when realtor Gowri Shankar Gupta would call the shots and have his way with successive governments. That is, until the DLF case came to be an albatross round his neck.Apart from successive chief ministers, ministers and several top government officials had helped him obtain building permissions and land at throwaway rates. Those officers who did not co-operate with him were, incidentally, shunted out.However, with Gupta facing the heat for fraud, the state government has cancelled the agreement for the 'Urban Entertainment Centre' which Gupta was to have developed on the premises of Basheerbagh's Old Gandhi Medical College. Officials are now inquiring into the allotment of the land and how it was accomplished without any tenders having been floated for a project of nearly Rs 100 crore.Soon after the Gandhi Medical College was shifted to Musheerabad, in early 2000, the tourism department took over the 5.6 acres of vacant land by paying Rs 63 crore to the revenue department. In 2005, that land was leased out for 33 years to GS Constructions Pvt Ltd on a Build Operate and Transfer (BOT) after both parties entered into an agreement.\"Even for projects worth only a few lakh rupees, the state government calls for tenders, expressions of interest and requests for proposal. However, in this case, GS Constructions Pvt Ltd was given land without any norms being followed,\" a builder pointed out.Sources said that an officer in the tourism department had played a crucial role in making the land available to the developer at a nominal lease of Rs 2 lakh per month following instructions from the then chief minister. As part of the project work for the 5.6 acre plot, the developer demolished a part of the heritage building's principal's room. But, after TOI brought this issue to light, the AP Chapter of the Institute of Architects moved court to have the builder eventually restore the demolished portion. As regards the building permit for the Entertainment Centre, a member of the GHMC's multi-storied building committee member opposed the permission saying that the builder should maintain 12-metre buffer zone from two heritage buildings apart from setbacks on the premises. However, an IAS officer of the GHMC reportedly argued that the committee should not insist on open space and setbacks separately as the developer would lose precious land. However, the building permission was not given due to objections and other reasons.After the meeting, officials recall, the multi-storey building committee was reconstituted by dropping the representative from Indian Institute of Architecture.The sources said even after formation of GHMC, first commissioner CVSK Sarma was shunted out from the corporation after a year of his tenure for not obliging Gupta's works especially Urban Entertainment Centre in Basheerbagh. Before him, a city planner was transferred out of the corporation on the same issue.When GHMC town planning wing officials went to demolish unauthorised structures of then under-construction Big Baazar building ( Hyderabad Bottling Company) in Ameerpet in the initial stage itself, GSG Builders Pvt Ltd, a Gupta firm, pulled the strings in the government, forcing a senior corporation functionary to recall the team and instructed them not to demolish it.In the case of Hyderabad Central, the traffic police initially opposed permission to the mall as they feared it might lead to traffic chaos. However, the traffic police had to buckle under pressure and waive the green flag for the project.Even for projects worth only a few lakh rupees, the state government calls for tenders, expressions of interest and requests for proposal. However, in this case, GS Constructions Pvt Ltd was given land without any norms being followed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12145051", "title": "Aravaan's location tales", "text": "One of the highlights of Aravaan, according to many who have watched the film that released this week, is the locations that have been showcased.Director Vasanthabalan, who has directed the film, says that they took a long time to freeze on the locations. \"We wanted a place where there was no mobile signal,\" he revealed recently, \"So we scouted throughout the country for such a place and wherever we got a good location, it didn't match the story.\"That was when a friend suggested a place near Madurai. \"We went there and it was really awesome,\" he recalls, \"The location perfectly suited our subject.\" Aravaan, which marks the debut of singer Karthik as music composer, has Aadhi in the lead role. Pasupathy has done an important role in the film as well. The movie was stuck in some hassles relating to its release in the recent past but has released in cinemas successfully this week.The filmmaker, Vasanthabalan, is known for selecting his locations with care. One of his earlier flicks, Angaadi Theru, revolved around life in Ranganathan Street, one of the busiest shopping areas in Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12140943", "title": "Slow pace of pipeline work annoys denizens", "text": "HYDERABAD: With Chandulal Baradari main road in a dug-up state for more than six months, residents are miffed. Complaining about the slow pace of works, they say that movement through the area has become their biggest problem.The HMWS&SB; is laying a new sewerage line, which is part of a project taken up across the Old City to revamp the sewerage system under the JNNURM scheme. Local residents say that with buses taking detour, it is a long walk up to Bahadurpura main road to catch a bus, and autos refuse to ply on the road. \"Several college going students and senior citizens live in these colonies. They have to put up with a lot of trouble,\" informed Mohammed Azam, a resident of the area.Besides transportation the residents have also been complaining about noise and constant tremors due to the use of explosives to blast rocks. Akbar Kamal, a senior citizen said, \"The pace of work is dead slow. The cutting of rocks takes place throughout the day and is very disturbing. The officials are also using explosives to blast away rocks. We fear this may cause damage to our buildings.\"Residents informed that the road was freshly laid when the digging work started. \"The GHMC sports complex here was inaugurated last year and as big politicians were inaugurating it, the authorities recarpeted the road. But soon after the road was laid, the sewerage pipeline work started. Why lay the road in the first place?\" asked an aggrieved resident.When contacted, the Water Board authorities denied that the use of explosives. An official said that the work would have been completed earlier if it were not for the rocky terrain. \"We did not expect to encounter rocks in this area. Earlier we had decided to blast the rock but after the residents complained, we stopped. We are now using chemicals and advanced cutting technology to finish the work fast. We have to lay another 160 metres of pipeline and the whole project will be completed. We have asked the company executing the task to finish the work before May this year,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12139892", "title": "Jumbo statues shine after being uncovered", "text": "NOIDA: In less than 24 hours after the last vote was cast in the final phase of UP assembly polls on March 3, the BSP government, acting on an Election Commission order, began undraping statues of Mayawati and elephants at the Dalit Prerna Sthal. The statues were covered in January after an EC order.The state election commission in Lucknow confirmed the order to unveil the draped statues. \"The direction to uncover the statues that were covered in the run-up to the assembly polls has been passed to the state government,\" said joint chief electoral officer of Uttar Pradesh, Anita C Meshram. The district administration of Gautam Budh Nagar started the job a few hours after receiving the order.At the Dalit Prerna Sthal, the undraping job began on Sunday morning by the Uttar Pradesh Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Limited (UPRNNL), the public sector undertaking in charge of maintenance of the park. Arvind Trivedi, general manager of UPRNNL (Noida), said, \"The work is being done under the supervision of UPRNNL officials posted in Noida.\"In the Noida park, workers were seen washing and cleaning statues after uncovering them. The work continued right through the afternoon. Noida Authority officials, who were supervising the work, informed that all statues would be uncovered by this evening. The UPRNNL had undertaken the task of draping the statues following the EC's order on January 7.In Greater Noida too, statues in Mayawati's native village Badalpur, at the Surajpur entry point and inside the Gautam Buddh University were uncovered. \"We began the work after receiving instructions from the district administration,\" said Parminder Kumar, DGM (OSD-Projects), Greater Noida Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12141354", "title": "Nalanda Open University holds seventh convocation", "text": "PATNA: Former chief scientific advisor to the Indian Space Research Organization and Vikram Sarabhai emeritus professor Y S Rajan said on Sunday that even though the electronic and print media are full of gory stories of corruption, violence and scandals, creating a general sense of hopelessness and helplessness, the ground realities are different. There is still goodness , honesty, capabilities and strength in our people, he said.Addressing the students of Nalanda Open University (NOU) at its seventh annual convocation at the S K Memorial Hall, Rajan said, \"India is not going to be what is flashed in the media. It is going to be what you want to do in your own life.\" He said that the next 10 to 15 years are going to be a period of cataclysmic fast growth, with too many ups and downs and several unpredictable changes. \"But one thing is sure, you will get many opportunities, if you are alert, agile and ready to grab the opportunities coming your way,\" he said.Rajan further observed that only IITs, IIMs, film stars and celebrities are not going to make India. They have some role, but real India is today run by people who are ordinary and average. When the average is raised higher, India will rise higher, he said.Counselling the youths to build self confidence and believe in their ability, Rajan said, \"In the modern world, those who organize their work, win. Those who can market their ideas will get the funds. Those who market their products with good communication skill get the market.\"Governor-cum-chancellor Devanand Konwar, in his presidential remarks, appealed to the youth to become worthy of their degrees and serve the country with sincerity and dedication. \"Wherever you go and whatever you do, you must not forget the last man in the queue,\" he said. He appreciated the achievements made by NOU during the last 25 years of its existence and hoped that it would scale new heights in future.Earlier, NOU registrar S P Sinha led the academic procession. NOU vice-chancellor Jitendra Singh welcomed the guests and outlined the recent advances made by the university in the field of distance education. NOU pro-VC K K Singh proposed the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12140311", "title": "Ex-mayors penalized for fund excesses", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The audit and accounts wing of the municipal corporation recovered the penalty from four former mayors during MC's last five year term 2007-2011, for using civic body's finances beyond their limits an in \"arbitrary\" fashion.Out of these penalized mayors, three are from Congress party while one is from SAD-BJP alliance.The authorities recovered a penalty of Rs 1.26 lakh from former mayor Kamlesh for conducting two meetings without adopting necessary procedure and use of excess petrol. A penalty of Rs 87,000 and Rs 47,000 was recovered from former mayors Pardeep Chhabra and Harjinder Kaur, respectively, for using excess fuel during their respective mayoral terms.The last mayor, Ravinder Pal Singh had to pay penalty for using 18 litres extra fuel in his official vehicle.According to sources in the audit and accounts wing, Congress leader Kamlesh conducted two special meetings during her tenure in 2009. The department had told her to deposit expenditure on these two special meetings which amounted to over Rs 87,000 by saying that irregular expenditure was done in these meetings. These meetings were held on August 28, 2009 and October 8, 2009.Sources in the audit and accounts department also said special meetings were organized by the then mayor without getting a written requisition by not less than one-fourth of the total number of councillors.Moreover, no business was transacted in these special meetings, resulting in wastage of time and funds of the municipal corporation.\"The expenditure of the special meeting that was organized on August 28, 2009 amounts to Rs 48,246 and the second meeting that was organized on October 9, 2009, was Rs 39,112. Rest of the amount was taken from her for using excess fuel,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12139641", "title": "Terror\u2019s new weapon: Capsule bomb", "text": "NEW DELHI: The interrogation of Lashkar terrorist Ahtesham Malik has revealed that he was assembling a 'capsule bomb' to carry out attacks at Chandni Chowk.A police officer said they are yet to come across capsule bombs in previous blasts. Police had seized from the Lashkar operatives 3000 empty cases of capsules in three different sizes, beakers, funnel, dropper, thermometer, gloves, three packets of fire-crackers, one litre of sulphuric acid and two detonators which, the sources said, was to be used in manufacturing capsule bombs. Ahtesham told police the material was procured from Chandni Chowk, the sources said.As many as 11 memory cards were seized from the Lashkar terrorist, which had video clips of him allegedly making bombs and using firearms. One of the videos purportedly shows Ahtesham making a capsule bomb, they said.\"Capsule bombs can inflict casualties. The explosive is put in a capsule, which is attached to a detonator. We haven't come across such bombs in the national capital in the recent past,\" said a senior police officer. He said, \"We arrested them before they could carry out a blast in the Chandni Chowk area using IEDs.\"Ahtesham has been trained in hurling grenades as well, the police officer said. \"It is tough for terrorists to smuggle RDX across the border. Lashkar and JuD are now training their cadre to make bombs using chemicals bought from local markets. We are on the look out for the person who provided them with detonators,\" the officer said.The probe also threw up evidence of links between Pakistan-based Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD) and Lashkar. Ahtesham told his interrogators he was mentored by Jamaat-ud-Dawa leader, Hanzala. They said Hanzala had given him a few stickers in Urdu espousing jihad.JuD is the political arm of Lashkar, arranging finances in the garb of charity for LeT to carry out terror operations across India, the sources said.Hafiz Saeed is said to be a senior leader of Jamaat-ud-Dawa, they said.Apart from meeting Jamaat-ud-Dawa leaders in Pakistan , the Lashkar terrorist was reporting to Abu Hamza, a top LeT terrorist in Kashmir. Ahtesham, the sources said, came back to India on January 26 after undergoing terror training in Pakistan. \" He motivated his friend Shafaqat in the national capital to carry out the attack. Together they conducted recce of the markets in Delhi,\" said the officer. Lashkar terrorists Ahtesham, Shafaqat and Tawseef Peer were arrested by police last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-05"}
