{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16843253", "title": "Raids on houses of four govt officials", "text": "GUWAHATI: The anti-corruption and vigilance wing of Assam Police on Tuesday conducted simultaneous raids on the houses of four government officials in Barkhetri development block in Nalbari and Hatigaon here.While one of the raids was conducted at the house of Arup Ahmed located at Elora Path in the Hatigaon area here, the other three raids were conducted in the houses of Mazidur Rahman, Holodhor Haloi and Prakash Baishya in Nalbari.The officials are accused of committing criminal breach of trust as public servants and misappropriating government funds in the rural block since 2002. In all the raids, the wing recovered huge cash, gold ornaments and incriminating documents. \"We have recovered some cash and gold jewellery from the house of Ahmed. We are yet to count the cash. We have also found official files and audit documents of Barkhetri development block in his house,\" said a senior official of the wing.The involvement of these three officials in laundering government funds came to the fore two months ago during the investigation of a case involving Md Gajnafor Adil, the then Barkhetri block development officer (BDO), in Nalbari district. He was found swapping government funds earlier.The police wing had found foreign currency in a raid which was conducted at the house of Adil in August. The anti-corruption and vigilance wing had also charged Adil with having acquired disproportionate assets to the tune of Rs 12 crore.The sleuths are also checking various bank accounts of these officials' spouses and relatives. The anti-corruption and vigilance wing is likely to file a criminal case against the accused under the \"Prevention of Corruption Act\" 1988.Though Arup Ahmed denied the charges, he could hardly say anything about his assets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16847733", "title": "Osama bin Laden driver's 'terror' conviction quashed by US appeals court", "text": "WASHINGTON: A US court has reportedly quashed the conviction of Osama bin Laden's former driver over material support to terrorism.The US court of appeals for the District of Columbia circuit ruled Salim Hamdan's offence did not constitute a war crime.The court's judge Brett Kavanaugh said it could not support a conviction as supporting terrorism was not categorised as a war crime at the time of the actions for which Hamdan was convicted from 1996 to 2001.\"If the government wanted to charge Hamdan with aiding and abetting terrorism or some other war crime that was sufficiently rooted in the international law of war at the time of Hamdan's conduct, it should have done so,\" the BBC quoted the judge, as saying.Hamdan had been the first Guantanamo detainee to be sentenced by a US military commission when he was given a 66-month jail term in August 2008.The former driver, who is reportedly in his mid-40s, was freed in 2009 because he had already spent seven years in US custody after being captured and detained in Afghanistan in November 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16844756", "title": "Chennai wary as rain clouds gather", "text": "CHENNAI: If you are living in Valluvar Kottam or Mambalam, you may be lucky this monsoon. If you are a resident of Velachery or Adyar, get ready for some tough times.With the northeast monsoon round the corner, Chennai Corporation has completed only less than half the storm water drain works in the city. The result: Many neighbourhoods will be flooded; some others may be spared. Civic officials, however, say water-logging would be minimal this monsoon as civic workers have completed desilting of all old storm water drains.Corporation sources said they have completed laying new storm water drains in areas like Valluvarkottam, Mambalam and Vysarpadi, but they are yet to finish the work in Velachery, Adyar, Pulianthope, Perambur, Choolai, Virugambakkam and Anna Nagar. Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said the civic body is all prepared for the monsoon. \"We have completed de-silting of drains across the city. There is also good progress in the construction of storm water drains. So we expect this monsoon will not cause inconvenience to the residents,\" he said, pointing out that usually flood-prone Ganesapuram subway would not have any problem this time.Sources in the corporation said that they had completed only 40% work of the 533km storm water drain work in the old limits of the corporation. The works started in 2010 under a 814.88crore central project. The project covers 12 water bodies, including the Cooum, Captain Cotton Canal and Otteri Nullah. Though the civic body is yet to take up works in the newly-added areas of the corporation, some of the works done under the mega city project are likely to help some suburbs.Corporation officials blame the traffic police for the low pace of work on storm water drains. A senior corporation official said: \"In some places, traffic police denied us permission to construct the drains during day time. Sewage overflow and the presence of utility cables were obstacles in some other places.\" Half-completed drains pose a danger. Sensing this, the corporation has decided to erect barricades and cordon off the pits using tapes.Residents are worried as the ongoing metro rail works will worsen the conditions if there is flooding. \"There are several traffic diversions across the city because of the metro rail works. If any of these stretches are water-logged, traffic will be severely affected\" said V Venugopal, a resident of Anna Nagar.Uprooting of trees is the other major complaint the civic body receives during rains. An official said workers have been asked to be on call to remove fallen trees. Officials said arrangements have been made for lodging of several lakhs of people in schools and marriage halls if there is wide-spread inundation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16844198", "title": "Discoms offer 24X7 redress of plaints", "text": "GURGAON: Anticipating a surge in power-related complaints during the festive season, the ministry has appointed special night-time teams in the state to attend to such cases in a time-bound manner. Both the distribution companies - the DHBVN and the UHBVN - will be setting up 250 such teams, which will be responding to power complaints through the night.\"Each of these teams will be headed by a junior engineer, who will be provided with supporting staff and vehicles,\" said Ajay Singh Yadav, power minister, Haryana. The scheme focuses on rural areas, and will come into effect by October 20.\"It has been decided to earmark one sub-station in each of the operational sub-divisions, where facitlities for registering complaints will be made available for the consumers,\" said an official. He added that senior officials will be monitoring the night-time complaints.\"We decided to strengthen the complaint redressal system. Extra staff, telephones and vehicles are being made available to field offices. The utilities will soon have about 4000 new assistant linemen,\" the official added.Valid in Gurgaon, DHBVN's toll free number for all such complaints is 1800-180-1615.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16843943", "title": "Decide on upper caste panel: HC tells Centre, UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Tuesday asked the Centre and state government to consider setting up of upper castes commission to redress the grievances of the higher castes. The court directed the governments to decide within two months the representation of the petitioner by which he raised the issue of setting up of a commission for the higher castes.The order came from a division bench of acting Chief Justice Amitava Lala and Justice Anil Kumar on a PIL filed by a political outfit Swarajya Party of India through its president Anupam Mishra. The petitioner's counsel SN Pandey contended that the governments have constituted minority commission, scheduled castes and scheduled tribes commission, backward class commission, women commission and human rights commission to address the grievances of particular class and community. However, there is no forum where the people of general category can raise their grievance, when they are oppressed.The petitioner cited Bihar Savarn Aayog and demanded constitution of a commission in the state on the same pattern. Notably, the high court had earlier on May 13, 2010 and June 8, 2010 directed the governments to consider the same demands, but till date the governments have neither constituted any forum nor have they denied to constitute such commission.The high court had observed in its order on May 13, 2010 that the general category could not be considered as an oppressed class, but as the days are changing, even the upper class people are feeling oppressed for any inaction on the part of the authorities. However, it had also clarified that it was the domain of the government to see whether there should be a commission for the general class or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843852", "title": "IAC, BJP take on Digvijay for comments on not targeting leaders' families", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress leader Digvijay Singh's statement that the party did not target families of political leaders despite evidence of corruption invited criticism from India Against Corruption which said its stand on both Congress and BJP being hand-in-glove had been vindicated.Opposition BJP also flayed Singh for his comments that the ruling party did not target family members of political adversaries, saying public figures should conduct themselves properly.Responding to Singh's remarks, IAC member Prashant Bhushan said the comments only displayed an arrogance born out of a feeling that only the corrupt could rule.\"This proves what we have been saying that established political powers in the Centre and states have formed a club of corrupt parties and it is only their prerogative to stay in power. That is why they are challenging us and demanding to know what our locus standi is in demanding a Lokpal and to stand for elections. This shows the arrogance born out of a feeling that only those following corrupt parties can stay in power,\" Bhushan said.The BJP also joined issue with Singh. Leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said, \"The issue is not that you accuse somebody's relative or an individual. It is about whether you talk about corruption or not. I am also somebody's relative. If I am merely accused of something, are people not entitled to talk about it? People in public life are in a situation where they should conduct themselves properly. People who are politically connected must be extra careful about their transactions.\"Singh's comments had come against the backdrop of BJP's demand for an impartial probe into the alleged financial wrongdoings of Congress president Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra.Congress has been under fire over favours allegedly given by Haryana government to DLF and Vadra. Singh chose to point out the difference between targeting people who were in politics and those who were not, giving the example of former PM A B Vajpayee's step son-in-law Ranjan Bhattacharya.Singh had said, \"We don't target people who are not in politics. This is ethics... Everyone has a private life. For example, Ranjan Bhattacharya was not in politics but he was living with Vajpayee. Have we ever said a word about Ranjan?\" He added that Congress similarly kept away from the son and daughter of BJP leader L K Advani .To the suggestion that they possibly never had a case against the progeny of saffron biggies, Singh said, \"Don't ask me that, we have enough evidence and reasons to say (to target them) but we would not.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16847302", "title": "Allu Arjun\u2019s Iddarammayilatho launched", "text": "Allu Arjun's new movie Iddarammailatho was launched on Wednesday (October 17, 2012) morning at Ramanaidu Studios in Hyderabad. A formal pooja ceremony was performed by the film's prominent cast and crew and the regular shooting will commence from the second week of November. The romantic entertainer will be directed by Puri Jagannath and produced by Bandla Ganesh under Parameswara Arts.Speaking on this occasion the stylish star said, \"Desamuduru, which was directed by Puri Jagannath was a turning point in my career and I like the way Jagan deals the script. I'm very happy to team up with him again for Iddarammailatho.\"Puri Jagannath said, \"Bunny ( Allu Arjun) is a name synonym to energy and he's the first hero in Telugu film industry to have a six pack. I like his dedication and it's a pleasure to work with him for the second time.\"Amala Paul is playing one of the female leads in the film while the second heroine is yet to be announced. Iddarammailatho will be majorly shot in Barcelona (Spain). Devi Sri Prasad is providing the tunes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16844119", "title": "Error in central scheme survey, MCG to end agency's contract", "text": "GURGAON: After coming across a lot of discrepancies in the survey conducted for the Rajiv Awas Yojana, the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has decided to terminate the contract of the present agency and says it will conduct a fresh survey.According to officials, the survey was conducted to implement the central government scheme but they say that the list of beneficiaries has been found to be incorrect. \"The Rajiv Awas Yojana is meant for the slum dwellers and the urban poor. This scheme aims at providing support to states that are willing to provide property rights to slum dwellers. Wapcos was appointed as the consultant to carry out a survey to identify slum areas. In the report it submitted it claimed that there are 92 slum areas in the MCG area. However, when we carried out verification we found that there were lots of discrepancies and several names and addresses were found to be incorrect,\" said a senior official.\"Therefore we have asked the state government to cancel the present contract and allow us to conduct the survey again and we have called for fresh tenders and the process to finalize the agency is on. Right now the lowest price quoted by an agency is around Rs 1 crore and in all probability we will hand over the contract to this agency. However a final decision is yet to be taken and we are waiting for the approval from the state government to award the fresh contract,\" he said.In order to ensure that the fresh survey does not pose its own set of problems, MCG is planning to ask the new agency to also include a study on the socio-economic condition of the beneficiaries as well as get their biometric data. Also, the agency will be asked to conduct a GIS mapping of the slum areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16843994", "title": "Only 0.95% of allocated budget for SC spent in Bihar: Punia", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar government spent only 0.95% of the 16% allocated 11th Five-Year Plan budget for welfare and uplift of scheduled castes people in the state, said National Scheduled Castes Commission chairman, P L Punia, on Tuesday, after a meeting with the welfare minister (SC), Jeetan Ram Manjhi, chief secretary, secretary, SC welfare, principal secretary, education, and senior officials of other departments concerned with the implementation of schemes meant for SC people.Punia said there was a huge gap in literacy figure for the SC people in Bihar as against the national average - 17.5% in case of male and 15% female. He said against the 16% quota reserved for the SC, the government could fill up only 11.4% posts in Group D, 8.86% in Group C, 14.73% in Group B and 14.5% in Group A. He said 80% people in Bihar are living below poverty line.Punia said he came to know that fake SC certificates were procured by 11 applicants for the job in animal husbandry department, 62 fake certificates in LIC and 23 in other government departments. He said despite the state government claim that manual scavenging has been eliminated, there are 82,000 dry latrines still being serviced in some way and the SC people must have been involved in it.He said the state government should follow the standards set by the Union ministry of social justice and empowerment for welfare and uplift of the SC people.To a query as to how could he claim that only 0.95% of the 11th Five-Year Plan budget was spent on SC welfare, he said the amount was to be spent on the schemes for the SC people while most of the works for their welfare were shown in the general works like forest development, road construction, construction of hospital buildings, etc.Punia said he was merely highlighting the fact and wanted the situation to improve, adding he was happy to know that one Scheduled Castes police station will be opened in each of the 38 districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16845181", "title": "BJP promises 3 subsidized LPG cylinders", "text": "PANAJI: Stating that on an average, each household requires at least nine LPG (domestic) cylinders, BJP president and health minister Laxmikant Parsekar on Tuesday announced that the state government will provide consumers with three cylinders at a subsidized price. This will be in addition to the central government's six LPG cylinders.The government will formulate a scheme once it receives something in writing from the central government on the number of LPG cylinders that will be provided at a subsidized price, Parsekar said.Parsekar also put an end to the inconvenience and hardship to consumers following a week of long queues outside LPG dealers' stores to submit their 'know your customer' (KYC) forms.Attributing the confusion to a lack of coordination between the central government, oil companies, LPG dealers and customers, Parsekar said that everybody need not fill out the KYC form. He said that only customers who have two connections in the same name and address and those who have listed incomplete addresses have to fill these forms.Appealing to the public not to panic over the KYC form-filling, Parsekar said, \"Out of 5 lakh connections, only 30,000 individuals have to fill the KYC form.\"Consumers with multiple connections are required to fill and submit the KYC form available with their LPG agent/dealer by October 31.The remaining consumers may submit their KYC forms in a phased manner.Speaking to mediapersons, Parsekar said the clarification comes following a meeting between chief minister Manohar Parrikar and the oil companies. Parsekar said that Parrikar has directed the oil companies to keep a hard copy of the customer's KYC form with the dealer. The chief minister also issued a direction to the director of civil supplies to release an advertisement to end the confusion on KYC forms.Stating that Goa has over 5 lakh LPG connections, Parsekar said that the KYC forms are being sold in black in certain areas.Parsekar's press conference came a day after Congress spokesman Sudip Tamankar demanded that the government intervene in the LPG cylinder issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16844775", "title": "Velachery MRTS work to resume after 2 years, residents up in arms", "text": "CHENNAI: Five hundred yards from the Alandur court building, just beyond the Thillai Ganga Nagar subway, a pillar of the incomplete MRTS Velachery-St Thomas Mount line stands in the middle of the road. From here, the line shifts course and the next row of pillars is set to go through Jeevan Nagar, a residential colony.The extension of the MRTS section, halted for nearly two years after local residents obtained a stay order from the Madras high court, is set to resume soon after the stay was vacated recently.Commuters are happy, but locals are gearing up for another phase in the battle. \"We are not going to give up,\" said Jeevan Nagar Residents' Welfare Association president S Ekambaram (80), who has lived in the area for 25 years. \"We are already working moving the Supreme Court,\" said the former TNEB engineer.Ekambaram said he had approached several people, including the mayor and MLAs and MPs, in the past two years. \"Everyone refers me to someone else,\" he said. \"If they continue with the current course, I will lose 15% of my house and my son, whose plot adjoins mine, will lose his entire house,\" he said. A total of 75 families, accounting for independent houses and apartments, stand to be affected once land acquisition begins. \"Except for this stretch, all other plots on both sides are poromboke land,\" he added. \"Yet they chose to take over patta land only.\"Just 1 km away on the same road, at Vaniyambadi, the remains of S Chitra's bedroom and kitchen stand like a ghostly apparition. Her family manages in the remaining rooms, but the broken portions remain an eyesore.\"They broke this down three years ago for the Adambakkam station,\" she said. \"But we get regular visits from surveyors even today who walk all over the place measuring everything. They may tear down more buildings, but the surveyors don't communicate clearly. They say nothing is decided yet,\" she said.For others like Usha Ravichandran, the uncertainty has kept them on tenterhooks. \"We have not repainted the house or undertaken any repairs in the past few years as we are not sure if we will lose the house entirely,\" she said. \"As it is, the compensation they might offer is unlikely to come close to covering the cost of the loan for this house, let alone help buy a new one.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16844414", "title": "Pak bravery award for Malala Yousufzai", "text": "Sitara-e-Shujaat, one of Pakistan's highest civilian awards for bravery, will be given to 14-year-old Malala Yousufzai, who was shot by the Taliban last week for speaking out against the militants, interior minister Rehman Malik said on Tuesday. Taliban, meanwhile, said Malala deserved to die because she had spoken out against the group and praised US President Obama. Calling her a \"spy of the West\", it said, \"Islam orders killing of those who are spying for enemies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "cansaulim", "code": "16845161", "title": "CM OK\u2019s projects for Cortalim constituency", "text": "CANSAULIM: The chief minister Manohar Parrikar toured the Cortalim constituency along with Cortalim MLA and forest and environment minister Alina Saldanha along with a team of government officials on Tuesday afternoon.The chief minister listened to public grievances, inspected sites of proposed projects, scrutinized plans and issued instructions to government officials.Parrikar scrutinized the market complex project at Cortalim. He then visited the lake in Sancoale and reviewed its beautification plans. The new panchayat ghar for Sancoale was also discussed and instructions for estimation of the land to be acquired were given. The Kala Bhavan at Sancoale was inspected and two proposals for setting up of a national drama school and national institute of fashion technology were discussed. It was also decided to continue with the existing theatre for Cortalim constituency. Parrikar then visited Velsao-Pale-Issorcim panchayat where he visited the fishing hamlet of Mollo Dando and listened to villagers' grievances.The team finally visited the villages of Cansaulim, Arossim and Cuelim to take stock of the proposed projects and scrutinized the plans drawn up by Shalini Barbosa e Saxena, an architect, for upgradation of the primary health centre, the market complex at Cansaulim, a road at Tontem-Morod, a ward in Cansaulim, which has been a long pending demand of the villagers and the two primary schools in Murdi and Borsulem in Cuelim.After a short discussion with Saldanha, two projects; the market complex and the upgradation of the primary health centre were decided to be given to GSIDC for execution. Saldanha, in a brief address, on behalf of the villagers thanked the chief minister for visiting and approving most of the proposed plans of the four villages in Cortalim constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "16844206", "title": "This Lohardaga temple promotes vegetarianism", "text": "LOHARDAGA: The Ashtabhuji Durga Temple that Jagatpal Sahu has built at Chatti village in Lohardaga is testimony to the belief that the divine energy at the centre of all creatures is feminine in nature as also that vegetarianism is the be-all and end-all of existence.This unique temple promoting vegetarianism is situated at about 30 km from the district headquarter town of Lohardaga on Lohardaga-Ranchi road via Bedo.The temple named Om Jai Chhattis Ma Mandir has 36 different paintings of animals on the same plinth and they are worshipped as gods.There are several other idols of goddess Kali , Shiva and Parvati with the son Ganesha on their lap, Hanuman, Surya and perhaps one of its kinds the idol of Chhath Mata. The temple is however famous for its paintings being worshipped, all in feminine form. 'Murgi (hen) mata ki jai, kekda (crab) mata ki jai, ghoda (horse) mata ki jai, ghongha (snail) mata ki jai and similar goes the other captions with the paintings created on the wall of the main temple wall.The temple popular for its exclusivity is the creation of a devotee of Durga, Sahu (37) of the same village. Just in front of the temple on the opposite side of the road he runs a sweet shop that is flourishing by the blessings of the Goddess, as the eatery too is famous for the village and its surrounding areas.'It was the Goddess herself whso once appeared before me at my home and I asked sought her blessing to build a temple of hers that I wished from my childhood. The Goddess permitted me and I started the construction work of the temple in the year 2006, said Jagatpal, popularly known as Jagatu Baba who is the also the priest of his temple. He can be identified from far by the 'chunari' tied on his forehead, mostly clad in saffron uniform. He said that one Moti Sahu's family donated the land for the temple that he got opened in 2006. About the animals worshipped as God in the temple he replied that there is only one god (Durga), all other gods in any religion are the same and all creatures are her blessings so the animals can be worshipped.He has put no restriction of caste and creed for worshipping at the temple but he strictly bans non-vegetarian food and those who take wine.He did not accept donations for his further plans to develop the temple adding 36 domes and idols each of the animals.This hass received a good response in promoting vegetarianism in the area. Jay Kishore Sahu and Gopal Sahu, the co-villagers said that people were laughing at him in the beginning for the idea of promoting vegetarianism but now he is respected by all and a number of people have become vegetarians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16843515", "title": "Vocational education students to get HSC certificates", "text": "PUNE: The state ministry of higher and technical education has decided to award higher secondary certificates (HSC) to students completing vocational education after Std X. They will also be eligible for admission to undergraduate degree courses.At present, the HSC certificate is given by the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education to students who complete the conventional 10 +2 degree courses in arts, science and commerce. The entire aim of drawing equivalence between HSC and certificate vocational courses is to bring these students into the mainstream so that they can pursue conventional degrees such as engineering and medicine, said Rajesh Tope, state minister of higher and technical education.He said that close to three lakh students who pass vocational courses annually are set to benefit from this decision. The scheme will be implemented from the 2013-14 academic year (AY).The Directorate of Vocational Education and Training (DVET), a state board that regulates vocational education in the state, conducts two-year vocational courses through various affiliated institutes in the state. Students who qualify for certificate courses through DVET will receive the +2 HSC degree certificate. A total of 16 such courses are offered by DVET after completion of Std X. Subjects included are electrical maintenance, general civil engineering, carpentry, maintenance and repair of electrical appliances, building maintenance and office management, among others.\"The step has been taken to ensure that vertical mobility is created for these students after they complete their certificate course,\" said Tope. \"At present, students who undertake vocational education after Std X have limited options and are forced to pursue a career in the vocational segment. But, with an HSC certificate in hand, they can get into engineering, commerce, arts and other such fields. For engineering and medicine, however, they will have to sit for entrance tests like other students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16844200", "title": "Hearing on toll collection in HC today", "text": "GURGAON: The issue pertaining to decongestion and other related matters of the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway 32-lane toll plaza will once again come up for hearing in Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday. The HC may give directions to the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) over the time frame to integrate the split toll booths, which are temporary in nature so far, with the main system of toll collection.The court will also review the implementation of its direction issued during the last hearing wherein it had imposed a ban on the use of U-turn near the 32-lane toll plaza as a crossover from the service lane from the Udyog Vihar side or the Udyog Vihar flyover to the service lane on the other side of the main carriageway to reach Ambience.The court had directed the Haryana police to implement this direction, besides ordering the private concessionaire to put up signboards on the carriageway about this with a message that they would be challaned for the offence.Residents of Ambience Lagoon, which was affected by this direction of the court, through their counsel, will also be present in the court seeking to be made a part of the ongoing court case to find a permanent solution to the U-turn towards their society. There are other related matters where the court has reserved its order. One of them is related to payment to Haryana police for deployment of cops on the e-way.Moreover, the traffic police have also raised the issue of traffic congestion at the Kherki Dhaula toll plaza seeking direction to the agencies concerned to take remedial steps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "16847740", "title": "Apple hires Amazon\u2019s exec William Stasior to head Siri team", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Apple hired Amazon.com executive William Stasior to lead its Siri voice-recognition software group. Stasior, who had run a unit of Seattle-based Amazon handling search and related advertising, will head the group that is building out the voiceactivated personal assistant that Apple added to its iPhones, iPads and iPod Touch devices last year, said Trudy Muller, a spokeswoman for Apple.Apple, based in Cupertino , California , introduced Siri after buying a start-up of the same name in 2010. The software understands users' questions and provides answers by voice and Web links on a device's screen. Members of the Siri team that came over in the acquisition have since left Apple, including former CEO Dag Kittlaus and co-founder Adam Cheyer.The personal assistant was the most heavily marketed feature of the iPhone 4S , with Apple hiring actors including Samuel L Jackson and John Malkovich for commercials.Some customers have complained that the software doesn't work as well as advertised , with one even filing a lawsuit. Last month, Apple added to the technology with the introduction of its most recent mobile operating system, called iOS 6, building in the ability to search for sports scores, movie times and make restaurant reservations with voice commands.At Amazon, Stasior was in charge of developing new search and advertising technology . The unit had about 200 employees, according to a copy of his resume. A graduate of Massachusetts Institute of Technology , he previously worked for search-engine creator Alta-Vista and Oracle .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16845829", "title": "375kg ganja seized in Madurai, four arrested", "text": "MADURAI: In a major haul, police have seized more than 375kg of ganja and arrested four persons, including a college student in Madurai.Deputy commissioner of police R Thirunavukkarasu told reporters on Tuesday that the seized contraband was worth Rs 35 lakh. Police have launched a hunt for three more persons involved in the smuggling of ganja and have begun investigation if a larger network was involved.Police said that a team led by Teppakulam inspector Duraipandian was conducting vehicle checks near Maruthupandiar statue on Kamarajar Salai. The team intercepted a speeding motorcycle from Viraganur and inquired the youth, who was riding the vehicle and an aged woman on the pillion.During questioning, the youth, identified as Silambarasan, a college student and Perumayi (60) gave contradictory answers. Growing suspicious, police conducted a search and found the duo carrying 1.5kg of ganja. The ganja was stuffed in small packets intended for sale, police said.The two were arrested and subjected to further interrogation when they revealed that they had stocked more ganja at a rented house in Maharaja Nagar in Viraganur. A police team visited the house and found 190 bundles of ganja each weighing 2kg.\"Two more people, identified as Balraj and Mariammal were arrested from the house. The arrested people told us that the ganja was bought from Andhra Pradesh,\" a police officer said. Perumayi's husband, Kalai and two others involved in the smuggling and sale of ganja had managed to flee from the police.Thirunavukkarasu said that they are conducting intense investigation to crack the entire network of ganja sales. \"We are inquiring the source of ganja in Andhra Pradesh and the people who acted as agents for the Madurai gang and whether it was involved in selling the contraband to any other peddlers,\" police said.Police suspect that the ganja was meant to be supplied to adjoining districts like Theni and Dindigul also. Police seized 296kg of ganja in the rural areas of Madurai district on August 6 and arrested eight people from Usilampatti and Peraiyur blocks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16845347", "title": "German yoga group visits Sangam city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A 15-members German Yoga group headed by Stefan Datt and Miriam from Berlin, Germany visited city with a motive to spread Indian culture and music all over the world.The group also took holy dip in the Sangam.Informing this, Datt said other objective for visiting the city was to meet the Mallik family hailing from the famous Darbhanga Gharana of musicians who stay in Allahabad.The group organises the biggest Yoga festivals in Berlin every year with more than 10,000 people taking part from diverse groups of society.He said that the festival features more than 50 Yogis, saints and musicians where also the Mallick family headed by Prem Kumar Mallick also conduct a Nada music workshop.The team also organised a Nada yoga session in the city which was held under the supervision of Prem Kumar Mallick, a top Grade artist of All India Radio and Doordarshan and a professor in the department of Music at Allahabad University.The group left for Varanasi from where they would go to Haidwar to take a holy dip in the Ganga.The group head, Stefan Datt said that their visit to Ganga is guided by the spirit of purification of heart and soul and they wish to spread this message further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16844892", "title": "Medical tests in Bangalore gang-rape 'inconclusive'", "text": "BANGALORE: Medical examinations on the South Asian undergraduate law student, who was allegedly gang-raped on the Bangalore University campus on Saturday night, have remained inconclusive, a senior doctor of Vani Vilas Hospital where the tests were conducted said.The girl, studying at the prestigious National Law School of India University, was allegedly sexually assaulted by a group of 7-8 drunk men on the campus. She was with her male friend, an IT employee, when the incident took place. The police claimed they were awaiting the report. But the doctor said the hospital sent the report on Monday evening.The doctor told The Times of India that the specimens, including vaginal swabs, have been sent to the Forensic Science Laboratory, Koramangala, for further examination. According to sources, the tests found \"no external, visible marks of rape\" - a reference to swelling and bleeding, among other things. The sources said Vani Vilas doctors could not record the victim's statement completely due to the inhibiting presence of policemen during medical examination. \"The doctors could not ask too many queries to get the complete picture,\" the sources said.The victim's friend, who was with her on the night of horror, was subjected to medical examination at Victoria Hospital on Tuesday afternoon. The medical examination memo to the dean of Bangalore Medical College from the Jnanabharathi police said tests needed to be conducted to find out whether his injuries were a result of the assault on him on Saturday night or caused by earlier incidents.The memo was referred to the gynecology department of Victoria Hospital where the youth underwent tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16844871", "title": "Political life hard: CM on party anniversary", "text": "CHENNAI: On the eve of the AIADMK's 40th anniversary, Tamil Nadu chief minister and party chief J Jayalalithaa said it had been far from easy for her, as a woman, to lead a political life. \"It (political life) is a river of fire where the script is full of ingratitude, betrayal and conspiracy,\" she told cadres in a cryptic message on Tuesday. \"But I am continuing my public life as I do not want to give up my responsibilities, fearing such things,\" she said.Jayalalithaa retraced her political career that began in 1982 when she became a member of the party and said the good work by her - during her party's previous regime and in the past year or so after her party returned to power - would fetch it more victories.\"I realise with gratitude that the people are waiting to give more victory prizes to the AIADMK,\" she said, adding she had dedicated her life to protecting the AIADMK founded on October 17, 1972 by the late matinee idol M G Ramachandran , popularly known as MGR. The three-time chief minister, whose political career spans three decades, has been urging partymen to gear up for the Lok Sabha elections.In an indirect reference to a few MGR loyalists, who had opposed her leadership and subsequently quit the party, Jayalalithaa said, \"Certain people had joined hands with evil forces to exploiting the situation when MGR was unwell and worked against the party\". These people, she added, were \"desperate to destroy her\". After she took over the AIADMK in 1991, she had scarified her life to save the party and its cadres. She had no personal motives and followed the principle 'I am for you and I am because of you', Jayalalithaa said.She expressed gratitude to her mentor MGR for nurturing in her the \"spirit of sacrifice\" that was required to take forward the party organisation after him and also to protect the ideals of Dravadian movement and to continue political legacy left behind by the late chief minister C N Annadurai, who founded the DMK. She recalled that MGR had extracted a promise from her to fulfill his multiple tasks.Noting that she had been implementing various welfare measures in order to place Tamil Nadu ahead of other states, Jayalalithaa said other states were now following suit by implementing similar schemes. Highlighting various welfare projects such as mid-day meal, pension to elders, education for all and free laptop to students implemented during the AIADMK regime, Jayalalithaa assured continuation of such \"progressive schemes\".The AIADMK leader took potshots at her arch rival DMK chief M Karunanidhi without mentioning his name. In an indirect reference to the 2G scam, she said people had rejected those who had \"looted the nation of several crores of rupees, brought disrepute to Tamil Nadu at the national level by indulging in unprecedented scams and hindering the progress of the state.\" The AIADMK chief, who had led her party to a landslide victory in last year's assembly election, said, \"Such evil forces are trying to rise again thinking that people would have forgotten their misdeeds. We know that people will not allow that to happen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16844935", "title": "Phoenix memorial to represent university\u2019s journey", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University \u2014 which has been like a phoenix, rising above the times of yore and flying high again \u2014 is all set to install on the campus an impression that symbolizes its past, present and future.An architectural marvel, a \"triangular phoenix memorial\", is being prepared for installation to commemorate PU's journey pre and post-Independence.What makes this memorial unique is its thoughtful design carved out in a triangular concrete structure. Sixty-five steps show PU's journey in Lahore, as many others post-Independence and the third side represents the future.The memorial will be unveiled by noted historian Romila Thapar on the foundation day on October 20. The university officials, however, are yet to decide a place to install it.\"A steering committee for the PU foundation day is working on the function script. The representation of PU's journey through the memorial is phenomenal,\" says a PU official.PU will celebrate 130 years of its existence on October 20. What makes the celebration unique this year is the equal number of years (65) the university spent pre and post-Independence.A series of events will mark the day on the campus. These will begin with a foundation day lecture on ''Interpretation of Early Indian History'', which will be delivered by Thapar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16843738", "title": "Police\u2019s special operations group understaffed, cases on organized crime pile up", "text": "JAIPUR: The state police's special operations group (SOG) has been able to dispose of only 29 cases this year out of the 134 cases registered with the agency till June. The SOG officials have attributed the delay to the inadequate staff to handle the huge workload.According to the officials, about 110 cases were registered in 2009. Of them, 53 cases were disposed of. Similarly, of the 150 cases registered in 2010, the SOG had been able to complete investigation in 43 cases. Similarly, the SOG registered 176 cases in 2011 of which investigation into 68 cases was completed.\"We have completed probe into 29 cases this year. The SOG primarily deals with organised crime and gangs. The investigation into these cases are complex and need more manpower then what is available to the agency,\" a police officer said.The officer further said in most of the cases, the SOG has to gather intelligence before laying a trap to catch the criminals. \"It requires a lot of time and resources leading to delay in cracking the cases. The investigation officers are unable to give proper time to one case due to work overload,\" the officer said.Most of the cases are first registered with police of various districts and then transferred to SOG due to complexity of the investigation or when the crime spread over to a wider area beyond the jurisdiction of a particular police station or police district.\"Cases related to frauds, organsied crime and cyber crimes which need technical assistance and expertise are investigated by the SOG. The agency seeks help of private experts while probing these cases,\" the officer added.The SOG has carried out 26 special operations against organized crime cases involving fake currency, illegal weapons, narcotic rackets and wanted criminals till August this year. The number of special operations was 34, 26 and 25 in 2009, 2010 and 2011 respectively.However, as the special police stations are being set up for probing cases related to fake currency and cyber crimes, it is expected that the SOG will have less workload.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16845317", "title": "Rare worship of Durga for 18th year in a row", "text": "PATNA: Faith, they say, has no boundaries and gives strength to devotees to perform feats that may otherwise seem impossible. Baba Nageshwar Rai, 55, is one such devotee who lies on the floor without food or water and does not change posture for complete nine days of Navaratra, when holy 'kalash' is placed on his chest. He will do this for the 18th year in a row, having started this practice in 1995. This year, he plans to place 15 'kalash' on his chest at the pandal put up at Naulakha Mandir near Vikas Bhavan . The 'kalash sthapan' is slated on Tuesday.Asked if he does not face any problem, Rai said \"I don't have any trouble or health complication during these nine days. On the contrary, there is a certain thrill in devoting oneself to the goddess.\" He added, \"Last year, I had kept 12 'kalash' on my chest, but this year it will be 15. There is no greater satisfaction than lying at the feet of 'Mother' (goddess Durga).\"Vijay Yadav, president, Naulakha Mandir Durga Puja Samiti, said, \"We see Rai doing this every year without any problem. He is as fit and fine as everyone when the 'kalash' is removed after nine days.\"Rai originally hails from Darbhanga and lives at Mandiri here. He supports his family of six by doing odd jobs on the Secretariat premises. Prodded a little on what makes him undertake such a mammoth mission, Rai said, \"I do this every year for the welfare of the common people and to bring peace in the world..\"Umesh Singh of Durga Puja Samiti, Boring Road, said, \"Five years ago, even we had a man who had kept 'kalash' on his chest for nine days. But seeing his discomfort, we decided not to continue with the practice.\" He added, \"We will have nine 'kalash' in our pandal this year, which have been decorated using paints and 'Lord Bhaironath' will be worshipped with 'Ma Vaishnavi'.\"Physician Dr Richa Sharma said said, \"Muscles become weak and blood circulation may stagnate leading to stroke or paralysis. It is very difficult to remain in such condition for nine days.\" However, she added that psychology plays an important role in keeping such believers going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843342", "title": "Two Pakistanis behind Mumbai, Pune blasts?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Intelligence agencies have established that the bombs used in both Zaveri Bazaar blasts in Mumbai (July 13, 2011) and Pune serial blasts (August 1, 2012) were made by two Pakistani nationals, who owed their allegiance to Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT), in what marks a new turn in the investigations into terrorist acts across the country.Sources said that the two Lashkar operatives are close to Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal, commanders of LeT's proxy, Indian Mujahideen (IM), who deployed the Pakistani duo with various aliases for different missions. \"For Zaveri Bazaar blasts, their names were 'Waqas and Tabrez', while for Pune blasts their names were 'Shaqir and Ahmed',\" said an investigator. He also said that the duo is expert bomb makers and planted the devices both in Zaveri Bazaar and Pune.Asad Khan, Imran Khan and Feroz, who were recently arrested by Delhi Police for Pune serial blasts and for plotting a similar attack in the national Capital, told the city police about the two bombers. The troika said that Riyaz Bhatkal had told them that the bombers \u2014 'Shaqir and Ahmed' \u2014 would help them assemble explosive devices and set those off. The three arrested members of IM also told Delhi Police that Bhatkal had told them not to ask the bombers several questions.Delhi Police's Special Cell even issued the portraits of these two terrorists, who allegedly are IED experts and have made bombs for several attacks. Its investigations have since led them to believe that Shaqir and Ahmed were the same as Waqas and Tabrez, who are wanted for Zaveri Bazaar blasts.The duo had stayed in a rented apartment in Byculla's Habib building during 13/7 Mumbai attacks as Waqas and Tabrez, and had joined gyms when they stayed in Pune's Kasarwadi to carry out strikes in the city on August 1. In Mumbai, they made bombs with India chief of IM - Ahmad Zarar Siddibappa alias Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh - in a Byculla flat.Their names had first surfaced in January when a Special Cell was camping in Mumbai to arrest the duo, but they managed to give a slip to the Delhi team, allegedly due to an information leak by Maharashtra ATS. Later, Maharashtra ATS had arrested a member of Mumbai attack module, Naquee Ahmed, who was reportedly helping Delhi Police in arresting the others.\"In Pune, they came with the names of Shaqir and Ahmed and were not carrying any cellphones. Asad, Imran and Feroz received them few days before the August 1 attack, gave them handsets with Pune numbers after which they all conducted a reccee in Junglee Maharaj Road area. Shaqir and Ahmed (Waqas and Tabrez) made bombs in Kasarwadi flat, and then planted them. It turned out that they are same persons, who made bombs for 13/7 Zaveri Bazaar bomb blasts in which 26 people had lost their lives,\" said a senior intelligence official.\"It seems that only person who knows the real identity of these two Pakistani nationals is Yasin Bhatkal, who is also absconding. Yasin had stayed with them in a Byculla flat in Mumbai before the Zaveri Bazaar blasts. These two Pakistanis change their identity for every blast and the module of Indian Mujahideen here carrying the blast is not supposed to know much about them,\" said the source.In Mumbai attack, Maharashtra ATS had arrested four IM operatives \u2014 Naquee Ahmed, Nadeem Sheikh, Kanwar Pathrija and Haroon Naik \u2014 while Yasin Bhatkal and these two Pakistani nationals are still absconding. Waqas and Tabrez had planted the bombs in Zaveri Bazaar on stolen two-wheelers on July 13, 2011.In Pune bomb blasts, the same Pakistani nationals - Shaqir and Ahmed \u2014 had planted bombs with Feroz on bicycles at Junglee Maharaj Road area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16843259", "title": "Numaligarh Refinery Limited pays Rs 9 cr dividend to Assam govt", "text": "GUWAHATI: Numaligarh Refinery Limited (NRL) on Tuesday paid Rs 9.08 crore as dividend for the financial year 2011-12 to the state government for its equity holding of 12.35 per cent in the company.The dividend cheque was formally handed over to chief minister Tarun Gogoi by Dipak Chakravarty, managing director of NRL. Also present on the occasion were R T Jindal, principal secretary (industries &amp; commerce) and senior officials of NRL.The resolution of declaring a dividend of 10 per cent for NRL shareholders for the year 2011-12 was adopted in the 19th annual general meeting of the company held on September 7 in Guwahati. Besides this, the contribution by NRL to the state exchequer during the year was Rs 556 crore.In 2011-12, NRL recorded the highest ever sales turnover of Rs 14,027.75 crore, registering a growth of 56.4 per cent over last year's turnover of Rs 8,972.19 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16844759", "title": "Man ties up father, sets him on fire", "text": "CHENNAI: A 45-year-old man and his son suffered burns following a quarrel in Sriperumbudur on Monday night. They are now recovering at the Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital (KMCH).Police said S Raji (22), a house painter, was alone at home when his father K Sankar, a labourer, returned drunk. A quarrel ensued and an angry Raji tied his father's hands and feet before setting him on fire.Hearing Sankar's cries, neighbours took him to the KMCH. Raji, who was suffered burns on his hands, was also admitted to the hospital. Both suffered 20% burns, police said. Sankar, an alcoholic, often quarreled with his family members, police added.The Sriperumbudur police registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16843807", "title": "4 killed, 20 injured in accident", "text": "JAISALMER: Four persons were killed, while 20 other injured when a tractor trolley overturned on Tuesday morning at Phalsund Road in Baytu police station area in Barmer district. On receiving the news a large number of villagers reached the spot and started the relief work and informed the police.The injured were taken to a hospital in Baytu, from where nine persons were referred to Jodhpur looking at their serious condition. All the persons were residents of village Sawau Padamsingh Kairali Nadi. SP Rahul Barat said that all were going on a religious trip to Devta Ke Than.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16844201", "title": "Kherki Dhaula toll plaza equally congested", "text": "GURGAON: Kherki Dhaula toll plaza is as troublesome as the 32-lane toll plaza and traffic jams and long queues of vehicles are a commonplace there too. Traffic becomes unmanageable during peak hours, while the night hours are equally chaotic when restriction hours on heavy vehicles get over.Traffic police said they have already put up this matter in Punjab and Haryana high court which was already hearing a case pertaining decongestion of 32-lane toll plaza on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway and other related issues.A traffic cop said that videographic evidence of the traffic mess had already been submitted to the court during the last hearing in October. A night vision camera was procured to record the traffic situation when heavy vehicles start plying.A long line of containers and trucks could be seen standing haphazardly at the toll plaza waiting to cross it.Cops said the issue was similar to the other toll plaza and related to congestion. The stretch is used by thousands of commuters working in Maruti and other industrial companies in IMT Manesar.Commuters complain that traffic chaos prevails during peak hours with a majority of drivers violating rules and jumping from one lane to the other. On an average, it takes 15-20 minutes to cross the toll plaza.During the September 20 hearing, the high court had directed the NHAI and the private concessionaire to take remedial steps.The court had observed, \"...the position of traffic at Kherki Dhaula toll plaza is also not very happy. Often there are traffic jams. Hence we direct the NHAI and the concessionaire to take remedial measures so that the court is not compelled to pass harsh orders.\"The private concessionaire, Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL), agreed there was need to increase the capacity. A spokesperson said there was a decongestion plan already in the offing with four additional gates being built.\"We have already submitted to the NHAI detailed plans for adding two more lanes on each side of the toll plaza. These would be done in the existing row in the land available. The addition of four lanes to the current 16-lane toll plaza would increase capacity by 25%.\"\"We would also have the provision of two additional reversible lanes to improve the traffic flow during peak hours. In addition to this, as per the original plan there is some land near the toll plaza building which has not yet been made available to us as there is a dispute and the matter is in the court. Regarding expansion beyond the toll plaza, we had sent a proposal to the NHAI to make available more land adjacent to the current toll plaza so that the toll plaza could be expanded by adding on more lanes,\" said the spokesperson.Commuters barely using Udyog Vihar link roadThe Udyog Vihar link road connecting the city's industrial belt to the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway has failed to serve its purpose. Contrary to the projection of 15,000 vehicles using this road each day, not more than 1,000 vehicles have been taking this route. In such a scenario, there is no decline in traffic situation at Shankar Chowk which has been witnessing jams during peak hours. With vehicles coming from Udyog Vihar, Cybercity and IFFCO Chowk congregating at this intersection, it takes around 15-20 minutes to cross this stretch.Had a large chunk of Udyog Vihar commuters started taking the link road, the situation would have been better at Shankar Chowk. Praveen Yadav, president of Gurgaon Udyog Association, said. \"This link road has recently come into existence and not many people are aware of it.\"It has limited scope and it only caters to Udyog Vihar Phase I, II and III and those coming from Kapeshera border and Dundahera.\"Yadav added that it would be a difficult for commuters from other parts of Udyog Vihar as well as residents of Palam Vihar to use this stretch to reach the expressway.Following the Punjab and Haryana high court's order, an eight-lane toll plaza was installed at the start of the expressway for tolling purposes by the private concessionaire, Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd. But due to fewer vehicles using this stretch, out of eight lanes only two are being put to use at present.A DGSCL spokesperson said, \"It is now not a question of public awareness, as it has been quite sometime the road has been made operational. What we have come to understand that the link road is not that wide enough and commuters will have to take many twists and turns to reach this place.\"From our side, we have distributed pamphlets and put up banners and constantly making announcements through public address system at the 32-lane toll plaza.Punjab and Haryana chief justice (Retd) Mukul Mudgal, who was appointed court commissioner to inspect the toll plaza, in his report to the HC had recommended widening of the link road should be accorded top priority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16847835", "title": "Manoj Tiwari in and as Parshuram", "text": "The real Bihari Babu Manoj Tiwari will be seen in the role of Parshuram in his upcoming project. He will be seen in two roles in the movie. Pakhi Hegde, Alli Khan, Anil Yadav are the other stars in the movie. The film is made under Kajal Films and produced by Aniruddh Vishwakarma.Direction is by S Kumar, writers are Vijay Pandit and Umesh Upadhyay. Manoj Tiwari has claimed that the movie is going to be a huge hit.Source : bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16844351", "title": "Don\u2019t fast if you have health problems: Doctors", "text": "RANCHI: Navaratra is the time when devotees keep a fast for nine days. However, doctors have warned against fasting if someone has diabetes and arthritis.\"The sugar level will keep fluctuating if diabetic patients fast. This can also lead to metabolic disturbances like levels of sodium and potassium changing in the body of the person,\" said associate professor of the department of medicine in the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS), Dr Sanjay Kumar Singh. Fasting is not also advised for those who suffer from peptic ulcers, related to stomach problems. \"The patients who suffer from such problems should not fast because they if they stay on an empty stomach for long, it can affect the intestine leading to vomiting etc,\" said Dr Umesh Prasad, the associate professor, RIMS.Dr Prasad said people suffering from liver disorders are also at risk. \"If people with liver disorders fast for nine days, the energy the body gets after eating during normal days will stop as the energy level falls during fasting.\" He added that those who suffer from the gout pain characterized by recurrent attack of arthritis should also avoid fasting as that affects the joints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "cape town", "code": "16839692", "title": "CSK vs HL: Chennai slump to second loss in CLT20", "text": "CAPE TOWN: Chennai Super Kings' chances for a semifinal berth in the Champions League Twenty20 suffered a blow as they slumped to their second consecutive defeat in the tournament with a six-wicket loss at the hands of Highveld Lions on Tuesday.ScorecardAfter being sent into bat, Chennai posted a challenging 158 for six with captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni top-scoring with 34 but the Lions chased down the target with three balls to spare in a thrilling Group B match that went down the wire at the Newlands.Opener Gulam Bodi smashed a 46-ball 64 to play a big role in the Lions' win. The local side now are in a very good position to make it to the semifinals having beaten defending champions Mumbai Indians in their opening match on October 14.Chennai, who had lost to Sydney Sixers in their opening match on October 14, squandered a sensational start in their defence of 158.Pacer Doug Bollinger (2/18) got two quick wickets early on to reduce the Lions to eight runs for two in the third over but Chennai allowed the local side to wriggle out of the tight spot and then to eventually win the match.Chennai will now have to win both their remaining matches to have any chance of making it to the semifinals.Bodi and Neil McKenzie (32) shared a 93-run stand for the third wicket from 9.5 overs to turn the tide in favour of the Lions.The Lions needed 51 from the last five overs and 20 from the last two overs and they did it in style by reaching 159 for four with three balls to spare.For Chennai, Ravichandran Ashwin and Albie Morkel took a wicket each, besides the two wickets by Bollinger for 18 runs.Chennai made a sensational start in their defence of 158 with Bollinger removing Lions captain Alviro Petersen with the first ball of the innings in an LBW decision.Two overs later, Bollinger induced an edge to Quinton de Kock (5) for Dhoni to take an easy catch behind the wicket.The two early wickets pegged the Lions back and they were just 18 for two after the fifth over and 59 for two at the halfway stage.But Bodi and McKenzie steadied the run chase after the initial jolt and then took their side to a position from where they could launch for a win.Bodi was the dominant partner as he played most of the shots, including the two sixes off Albie Morkel in the ninth over. He reached his half century in 38 balls with a six off Faf du Plessis in the 12th over which yielded 14 runs.Bodi was not afraid of taking on a quality spinner like Ravichandran Ashwin as he smashed a four and a six in the 13th over as the Lions had to come up with some big overs in view of the soaring asking rate.Dhoni brought back Morkel, who was hit for two sixes in the ninth over by Bodi, and the change in bowling did the trick as the fast bowler gave the much-needed breakthrough.Morkel removed Bodi with an angled delivery which the batsman wanted to hoist but it took the edge of his bat for Dhoni to complete an easy catch behind the wickets.Bodi faced 46 balls for his 64 which he made with the help of five fours and four sixes. His dismissal ended the 93-run stand from 9.5 overs for the third wicket with Neil McKenzie.Lions needed 51 runs from the last five overs and nine from the last over. Jean Symes, who remained not out on 39, hit two fours to end the match in style.Earlier, Dhoni top-scored with a 26-ball 34 as Chennai Super Kings posted a challenging 158 for six.Dhoni, who promoted himself to number four, hit two fours and as many sixes in his knock after coming at the halfway stage of the innings after his side was sent into bat at the Newlands in the Group B match.Chennai lost wickets at regular intervals and looked like they would settle below 150 but the 50-run stand from 4.2 overs between Dhoni and S Badrinath (27 not out) for the sixth wicket saw them go past that mark.The last two overs yielded 27 runs, with the penultimate bowled by Dirk Nannes, producing 19 and that saw Chennai reach a challenging total.Badrinath was the second highest scorer while all the other batsmen, except for Albie Morkel (4), contributed in the 20s.For the Lions, Aaron Phangiso grabbed two wickets for 17 runs from his quota of four overs while Sohail Tanveer, Nannes, Chris Morris and Zander de Bruyn took a wicket each.The Chennai openers Faf du Plessis (25) and Murali Vijay (22) began on a confident note with the former launching Nannes for a huge six in the second over and then gave the treatment to Tanveer with three fours from the next over.Vijay, who played second fiddle so far, then struck an effortless six off Nannes to take Chennai score to 43 for no loss at the end of fifth over.The breakthrough for the Lions was provided by Morris with Phangiso taking a stunning catch to get rid of du Plessis who consumed 20 balls for his 25.Phangiso, who had dismissed Sachin Tendulkar in Lions' previous match, ran back from the point region, dived full-length and pouched the ball before thudding himself into the ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16845950", "title": "KFC questions closure notice", "text": "KOCHI: International food chain brand Kentucky Fried Chicken (KFC) has challenged the closure notice served on its outlet at Thiruvananthapuram after worms were allegedly found in the chicken served there.The petition questioning the closure order by food safety officials was filed at the Kerala high court by Yum Restaurants India Pvt Ltd, the Indian arm of the US-based corporation.Food safety officials initiated action against the KFC outlet at Pulimoodu in Thiruvananthapuram after a family complained of worms in the chicken served to them. This KFC outlet began functioning only in May this year and was the company's fourth one in Kerala.Officials of the food safety department had claimed to have found stale food items while conducting a search at the outlet based on the complaint. A closure order was immediately slapped on the outlet, while officials sent the samples collected from the outlet for laboratory analysis.According to the petition filed through advocate P Sanjay, the closure order is against the statutory provisions and is in violation of principles of natural justice.The multinational company is relying on the principle of equality before law and right to freedom guaranteed by the Constitution to prove its point. According to the Constitution, right to freedom includes the right to carry on any occupation, trade, or business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16845416", "title": "Bhatt to inspect '02 riots papers on Friday", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Justice Nanavati Commission will allow suspended IPS officer Sanjeev Bhatt to inspect documents pertaining to 2002 post-Godhra riots as per the Gujarat high court order.\"We have neither been intimated by Sanjiv Bhatt nor we have issued any summons to him in this regard. He can come anytime and as per the court order we will let him inspect documents which are in our custody,\" said an official of Nanavati Commission.Gujarat High Court had recently declined to direct Nanavati Commission, which is probing the post-Godhra riots, to summon chief minister Narendra Modi while disposing off the PIL filed by Bhatt.However, it had directed the state government to submit documents concerning the 2002 riots, as sought by Bhatt, to the commission within a week and then also asked the commission to let those documents be inspected by Bhatt. Bhatt has decided to inspect those documents on October 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16843845", "title": "One more arrest in Vanya shooting case", "text": "GURGAON: Sushant Lok police have arrested another person, Mritunjay, in the Vanya shooting case on the charge of allegedly having helped the accused security guard flee from Gurgaon after the incident. Police are questioning him and will produce in a city court on Wednesday. The main accused security guard, Rahul Kumar, is in judicial custody.\"We are also trying to nab the tout, Neeraj, who had provided the fake gun licence to the accused guard. Our teams will conduct a raid in Bihar in an attempt to arrest Neeraj and we are questioning Mritunjay, a native of Bihar, who had helped guard,\" said Gaurav Phogat, SHO, Sushant Lok police station.Rahul Kumar, the accused guard, was playing hide-and-seek with police for 45 days until he surrendered. The guard had revealed that he got the fake gun licence through a tout in Khagaria district of Bihar in 2008. Investigators found that in official records there was no weapon licence issued in Rahul's name by the district authority.Five-year-old Vanya was shot at just outside her house in Gurgaon's upmarket DLF Trinity Apartments on August 20 night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16845524", "title": "Fakir is ISI's zonal coordinator, say cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The man suspected to be an ISI agent, Sirajuddin Fakir, 23, who was nabbed along with an accomplice on Sunday has turned out to be a zonal coordinator for Pakistan's intelligence agency said Crime Branch officials.Police said Fakir has been working to set up a network of spies in western India and has recruited a number of youths in Maharashtra, Punjab, Rajasthan and Gujarat for this.\"Initially Fakir claimed to be involved in collecting information on Army deployments and movements in Gujarat and confessed to mailing them to his ISI handler in Karachi, Tahir Khan. It now turns out that he is the zonal chief of ISI's network in this part of the country. He is actually coordinating with ISI agents he recruited in the western region. He would scrutinize information before forwarding it to Karachi,\" said a crime branch officer.According to his accomplice, Mohammad Ayub Shaikh, Fakir paid sub-agents on a monthly basis using money that he got from Karachi through various wire transfer firms.Intelligence officers from the Army, Air Force and Central Intelligence Bureau are now in touch with crime branch officials on the developments surrounding Fakir and his accomplice Shaikh. Crime branch officials handed over Fakir's mobile phone call detail record (CDR) to Army intelligence. \"All the numbers pertain to Army cantonments in various parts of Gujarat. These numbers will now be cross checked by Army intelligence to verify if insiders were leaking information to Fakir,\" said a senior city police official.CDR and mobile phone tower locations prove Fakir spent inordinate lengths of time in Bhuj, even though he does not have known family links there. This angle is now being probed by the city police's probe agency.Crime branch officials said call details have also revealed the identities of some people in Ahmedabad who were in regular touch with Fakir. These people have been called for questioning. \"We have also got evidence to prove that some of these people are connected to this ISI network. Some of Fakir's contacts have now gone underground. One of them is Sohail, who like Fakir, lives in Jamalpur. An educated youth, Sohail, used to help Fakir send emails, but when he started hiking his rate, Ayyub was roped in,\" said a crime branch official.Well-trained at resisting interrogationThough his mannerisms and attire pointed towards simplicity, his behaviour say crime branch officials is nothing short of a hardcore criminal. During the last two days of interrogation Fakir has not been very forthcoming and has been adept at leading interrogators on a wild goose chase. He does not tire from long hours of questioning. He first tries to gauge how much the interrogator knows and only reveals some enough information to them. He does not show any remorse for being involved in spying and anti-national activities.Unkempt to avoid suspicionYou could have passed Fakir on the street and not noticed him. His clothes are untidy and his trousers were often bell-bottomed and frayed. Blackened and worn out slippers and unkempt hair complete his look. He received atleast Rs 2.5 lakh over the last 18 months from ISI, he has not let this reflect in his lifestyle. \"He could afford better clothes and personal hygiene. He told us that the ISI trained him to keep a low profile by consciously adopting this attire and look to blend in. This was why not even his neighbours noticed that he was earning more money than usual.More educated than he claimsIn his first 24 hours in crime branch custody, he said that he studied only till class VII. Fakir also convinced interrogators that he didn't know English and had hired Shaikh for this purpose. He also claimed to have found much of the information about Army's movements which he passed on to Karachi, by accident. Crime branch officials are now sure that Fakir understands English quite well. \"As we analyzed the information he had sent to his handlers, we have realized that there is a lot of clarity. On Monday night crime branch officers spoke among themselves in English. Before they asked Fakir anything he said that he had already answered their queries. This proved that he understands the language well,\" said a crime branch official. Some papers found from his house were written in English and pertained to Army deployments and movements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16846250", "title": "Nasardi deemed city\u2019s dirtiest river", "text": "NASHIK: A recent survey by the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) has found that the Nasardi is the filthiest river in Nashik.The MPCB officials blame it on residential activities along the rive'sbanks adding that there the pollution was not due to the release of industrial effluents. The officials also pointed out that the width of the river has reduced considerably because of increased human habitation on the bank.According to the findings, on an average, the amount of dissolved oxygen (DO) in Nasardi is 2.5 mg per litre of water and the bio-chemical oxygen demand (BOD) is 8 mg per litre of water. The officials said that the DO should be above 4 mg per litre of water while the BOD should be between 4-6 mg per litre of water.During the Ganesh festival the DO reduced significantly due to pollution. Last year, the DO in Nasardi had come down to 1.6 mg per litre water during immersion. However, in the post immersion period and due to rainfall, the DO bounced back to normal.This year following Ganesh immersions, the quality of water has shown a different picture. The DO was nil before immersion while post immersion it was 4.2 mg. The officials of the MPCB said that this was due to the release of fresh water from the dam and the rains.The river flows from Pimpalgaon Bahula (prabhag 17), Swarbabanagar area (prabhag 20), General Vaidyanagar to Godavari Sangam (prabhag 30), Nasardi Bridge to Agartakali village (prabhag 31), Dadasaheb Gaikwad Hall to Hotel Kinara in Mumbai Naka (prabhag 39) and then towards Cidco (Untawadi side), Ganesh ghat and Gurubabanagar (prabhag 49). The MPCB says that the pollution is not contained in one particular stretch but seen throughout the river.\"This is not a notified river. The quality standards are very low. The width has been reduced considerably. Lot of residential activities go on by the river. The houses are just on the banks of the river. All the waste released into the river pollute it,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16844998", "title": "Government College for Women bag hockey gold", "text": "LUDHIANA: Government College for Women (GCW) led from the start to defeat Khalsa College for Women (KCW) 4-1 in the hockey final of the District Women Games. For GCW, Lakshmi scored a brace while Jagdeep Kaur scored the lone goal for KCW.The match was dominated by GCW right from the start, as they put the opposition defense under pressure, scoring two goals in the first half. In defense too, GCW proved their mettle as they defended their lead quite easily. KCW had a few goal-scoring opportunities - two against one in front of the goal - but they failed to convert those.After the lemon break, Jagdeep Kaur did reduce the margin as KCW tried hard to stage a comeback into the match but a defensive error saw it concede a crucial goal. Then it was a cakewalk for the GCW team as they romped home to a 4-1 win.In a match for the third place, Khalsa High School, Kila Raipur beat Khalsa Girls Senior Secondary School, Ludhiana 2-0. The match produced the fastest goal of the tournament. A goal was scored 14 seconds from the starting whistle.At the start, a sloppy back pass by a Ludhiana player was intercepted by the Kila Raipur team center forward, Pawanjot Kaur, who dodged past two defenders before pushing the ball past the goalkeeper. After conceding that goal, the Ludhiana team was never able to recover and lost the match 2-0.Dashmesh SC thrash Khalsa CollegeOn the concluding day of the District Women Games, the kabaddi final match was played between Dashmesh Sports Club, Latala and Khalsa College, Ludhiana.In a one-sided match, the Latala team proved too strong and experienced for the Ludhiana team, as they thrashed the local team 14-3. The match saw a nervous start by both the teams where no points were scored in the first few minutes. But with an enthusiastic crowd, which roared on every point and encouraged every raider, it did not take long for the match to heat up.Though the Ludhiana side opened the scoring with a successful raid, the match was completely dominated by the Latala side, which boasted a couple of national level players.One of the clear favourites in the tournament, having made its way into the final with score lines like 36-5, the Latala team was too strong in its defence, scoring most of the points in its own half.The match was witnessed by the additional deputy commissioner (development) of Ludhiana, Rishipal Singh, who was also the chief guest at the closing ceremony of the two-day festival. After the match he gave away the winners trophy and cash prizes to the Latala team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16844167", "title": "Security beefed up ahead of Durga Puja", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The district administration is taking several steps to ensure that security is stepped up during Durga Puja.More than 300 police officials and about 250 magistrates will supervise over 1000 jawans of Rapid Action, Jharkhand Jaguar and Jharkhand Armed Police (JAP) deployed at strategic locations to handle the security of thousands of people who go pandal hopping during Durga Puja.In the wake of recent incidents of communal violence in the city, the administration does not want to take any chance as far as security arrangements are concerned.It has not only directed the puja committees to equip their pandals with closed circuit television ( CCTV) sets but will also deploy additional number of policemen in plain clothes at sensitive puja pandals.\"Safety and security is paramount and administration will take adequate measures to ensure that puja celebrations go on in a peaceful manner,\" said subdivisional officer, Subodh Prasad.Over seven police station areas have been bracketed in the sensitive zone category. These include Azadnagar, Mango, Pursudih, Baghbera, MGM police stations, among others.Many incidents of pick-pocketing were reported at several pandals last year. The administration has it made it clear to all the puja committees that the responsibility of managing crowds rests with them. \"We will train the volunteers at respective pandals on ways to manage the crowd efficiently. We will also seek help of the local police station jawans, if such a need arises,\" said Kendriya Durga Puja Samity (KDPS) general secretary, Ram Babu Singh. The KDPS has also urged the police to provide women constables in adequate number at puja pandals.There are 250 puja pandals in the two adjoining cities of Jamshedpur and Adityapur. The elaborate security arrangements will come into effect from October 20. Owing to the early inauguration of some pandals, however, the local police stations of the respective areas have been asked to enhance the vigilance and mobile service in advance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843655", "title": "Strike partial but commuters suffer in rush hour", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tuesday's strike by autorickshaw and taxi unions failed to bring the city to a standstill, though complaints of overcharging and harassment were rampant through the day. Commuters in some parts of the city had to face hardships as many autorickshaws stayed off the roads and some demanded excess fare - double the usual amount in some cases. The unions went on the one-day strike to press for a fare hike and protest against installation of GPS systems in their vehicles.Government officials, meanwhile, said that the report on the fare revision would be submitted within a week. Sources say a minor hike is most likely to be recommended, though the final decision would be taken by the political brass.Delhi transport minister Ramakant Goswami claimed that the strike did not have any impact. \"Commuters did not face any difficulty,\" he said. Officials say that the partial failure of the strike would also have an impact on the political establishment's decision on the fare hike.While the government termed the strike ineffective, commuters had a different story to tell. Fifty-five-year-old Bharat Bhushan wasted half an hour trying to find an autorickshaw to Ajmeri Gate. Bhushan, a resident of Safdarjung Enclave, said he tried to book a radio taxi also, but in vain. \"I tried booking a radio taxi but that too did not work out as they were overbooked. I left my residence again in a bid to look for an autorickshaw. Although I managed to get one, the driver wouldn't go further than INA market,\" said Bhushan.Several other commuters had a hard time. In places where connectivity to Metro stations is a problem, Delhiites had to depend on other modes of transport. Rajender Jha, who had to go from Kailash Colony to AIIMS and ITO had a harrowing time. While autorickshaw drivers fleeced passengers, travelling became difficult in overcrowded buses. Most commuters said areas in south Delhi were the worst affected.\"I reached office almost an hour late as most of the buses were crowded and I did not get an autorickshaw for almost 45 minutes at the Bhogal bus stop,\" said a resident of Bhogal who works at a private company in Connaught Place.In view of the strike, Delhi Transport Corporation had deployed more buses across the city to ensure that commuters did not face any difficulty. \"Almost 5,000 buses were deployed today. Usually, around 4,000 buses ply on other days,\" said a DTC official.The autorickshaw unions which participated in the strike have opposed the government's directive to install global positioning systems in their vehicles due to the high cost of the equipment. At a meeting with representatives of prominent unions on Monday, Goswami had promised to take a decision on increasing the fares for autorickshaws and taxis within 15 days.The unions had told the minister that they will not be able to install the device - costing Rs 13,500 each - selected by DIMTS. Last month, the Delhi high court had rejected the plea by autorickshaw unions opposing the city government's notification on installation of GPS in three-wheelers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16843904", "title": "Online trend: Now, log in to purchase logs of timber", "text": "LUCKNOW: Similar to online shopping for best deals in books, apparels or accessories, buyers in Lucknow can also go hunting for best quality teak or sheesham online.Doing an e-bay on natural resources, UP Forest Corporation has put details of timber available with it online for buyers to make a choice and place bids. The cost of the timber can be paid either online or at the time of delivery, on the online shopping format.To make it even more convenient, the website will also allow auto-bidding, where a buyer might not sit tracking the site for every bid. He can quote an amount by which his bid will be increased, each time there is a counter-bid. The first e-auction started on an experimental basis in Lucknow from Tuesday. \"We are holding it for four continuous days initially because it's a new system and we want to give buyers enough time to place orders online,\" said Umendra Sharma, managing director UP Forest Corporation.The corporation has decided on only 14 lots (each lot comprises 8 to 10 tonnes of timber) to be put up for auction this time. The timber on sale has been graded on the basis of quality and details have been uploaded on the website for all. Buyers can check the quality and make a bid depending on their need and preference.As far as the amount of bid is concerned, the corporation hasn't fixed any lower or upper cap. Buyers can quote the price they find relevant. The corporation, on the other hand, has its confidential figures, against which the bid amount will be compared and the profitable deal awarded.At times, it might lead to over-pricing, but since it's an open-market system, prices are for all to see and buyers could bid accordingly, said corporation officials.Since it's an experimental move, at present, only traders, builders and others buying sizeable volume of timber will be allowed to participate in the online bidding.\"Depending on the response, we will allow even those buying timber for woodwork in their house,\" said the official. Other forest produce like medicinal plants and leaves will also be put to sale online.The corporation has 77 depots in the state. Lucknow will be the first to introduce the service and other depots will follow. The buyers will have to register themselves on the website and pay Rs 10,000 as security depot, which will be refunded once the cost of the timber was paid. The buyers can also get annual registration paying Rs 20,000. The corporation, however, does not offer home delivery, and this has been done to keep public grievances at bay. \"It's possible that buyers cry foul and allege we didn't deliver the quality they paid for, so let them come, check the quality and take the timber home,\" said the official.The corporation holds two to three auctions every month at its depots. But not without the hiccups. At times, the best quality timber is not sold for dearth of buyers, who might not be informed about its availability, or there might be clashes among the buyers, leading to the postponement of the auction. E-auction will cut down the problems, besides keeping the bidding process fair and transparent. So far, buyers were visiting the depot to check the availability of timber they wanted, but now, they would do it online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16844737", "title": "\u2018Follow doctors\u2019 advise before surgery\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: The saying 'Don't hide anything from your doctors and lawyers' means a lot when it comes to saving lives. City anaesthesiologists spoke about many cases where withholding information from them have proved problematic for those undergoing surgeries.The doctors were discussing various aspects of their job with the participants during a lecture organized by city branch of Indian Society of Anesthesiologists in the 'Doctor Tell Me' series on the occasion of World Anesthesia Day, on Tuesday.The panellists for the discussion comprised of eminent doctors like Dr Hema Mankeshwar, former professor and head of the anaesthesia department of the Government Medical College and Hospital ( GMCH) and Dr Naresh Tirpude, the present counterpart.\"We only aim to clear some misconceptions and educate a few things about our profession during discussion,\" said Dr Vidula Kapre, one of the moderators. Dr Pratibha Deshpande said, \"In India, very few people actually know about anaesthesia and what we do.\"Dr Naresh Tirpude said, \"There is no concrete law in India regarding the mistakes that can happen in administering anaesthesia. However, we practice caution by means of a necessary interaction between patients and anaesthesiologists before a surgery.\"Dr Mankeshwar added that many hospitals have a separate clinic for pre-anaesthesia counselling near their OPDs.\"With increased lifespan, the exposure to diseases too has increased. So, it becomes all the more important to know vitals like blood pressure and blood sugar levels. Sometimes, small things can lead to disasters,\" said Dr Chandrashekhar Cham, president of ASI, Nagpur.Secretary of the organization, Dr Sheetal Dalal said, \"The agents of administering anaesthesia also have changed over the years from ether to chloroform and other agents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "16847440", "title": "PCB forms committee to probe umpire fixing allegations", "text": "LAHORE: The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) has constituted a committee to probe into the allegations of corruption against umpires, Nadeem Ghouri and Anis-ur-Rehman.Although the PCB is yet to make an official announcement regarding the formation of this committee but reliable sources have said that board's legal experts were on the panel.\"The PCB executive co-ordination committee that met yesterday discussed about Nadeem Ghouri. The members were briefed that the committee had already requested the Indian channel that carried out the sting operation to provide the unedited tapes,\" a source in the board said.Ghauri and Rehman have been accused, along with four other umpires from Bangladesh and Sri Lanka , of corruption by India TV, which carried out a sting operation to get the umpires to speak on camera.But Ghouri has vehemently denied the allegations and said the video was fake.The ICC has already suspended the six umpires named in the sting operation and asked the respective home cricket boards to carry out their own investigations into the matter.\"The PCB executive co-ordination committee discussed the Ghouri issue in detail and also the fact that he had been claiming that he had already informed a board official about the offer made to him by the undercover reporter,\" the source added.The source said the committee would be questioning the two umpires and would also like to question the undercover reporter.\"The committee has legal experts on it as the ICC has indicated that it wants to get to the bottom of the truth,\" the source added.The PCB executive co-ordination committee is said to have also discussed the performance of the national team in the recently-held ICC World Twenty20 in Sri Lanka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16846268", "title": "Three teens drown at Gangapur dam", "text": "NASHIK: Three Std XII students of Bhonsala Military College drowned at the Gangapur Dam, where they had gone for a swim on Tuesday afternoon.The bodies of the three students were fished out from the dam waters within a couple of hours after the incident came to light. The deceased were identified as Ritesh Krishnamohan Shukla (17) of Gangapur Road, Ganesh Roham (17) of Sawarkarnagar Nagar and Amit Ram Singh (17) of Ranenagar, Cidco.Fire brigade officials said that they got a call about the incident at 12.50 pm and by 1.45 pm, all three bodies were fished out.The three boys had been accompanied by five more persons, including four girls. However, the remaining five preferred to stay away from the waters, while the three deceased reportedly entered the water despite being warned by their friends.Abbas Bagwaala, a friend of th deaceased who part of the group that visited the dam said that they left the city around 11am. After reaching the dam, the deceased insisted on entering the dam waters for a swim. However, Abbas and the girls in the group warned them against the same. Since the boys didn't pay heed, the others watched them enter the water while they sat at a distance.Abbas said that after the trio entered the water, one among the three started drowning and the other two lost their lives as they were attempting to pull him out.Abbas said they raised a cry but there was no one around to save them. A person who was drawing the water from the dam said that he could not swim. Subsequently the news spread about the mishap. The village police Patil called the fire department and the bodies were fished out.The bodies of the three students were later brought to Civil Hospital for a post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16843848", "title": "One death, 169 cases in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Residents are in panic over the rising number of dengue cases in the city. There is a huge difference between the number of dengue cases reported by the private hospitals and the district health department. The private hospitals have collectively reported more than 800 cases in the city, while the health department confirmed only 169 cases till Tuesday.Private hospitals and the health department also differ on dengue death statistics. According to private hospitals, there are four deaths while the latter confirmed only one. So far four cases of swine flu have been reported in the city.A health official explained that the reason behind this difference in figures is that the private hospitals are calling all the viral fever cases where platelet counts have gone down dengue cases. Private hospitals generally conduct NS 1 test within two days of a patient reporting fever to detect dengue. They are claiming a high number of cases on this basis.However, in keeping with guidelines when we conduct the second blood test (IGM) in our lab, most cases turn out to be negative, added the official.Vikas Bhakri, resident of DLF Phase III, said, \"There is a shortage of beds at private hospitals. They are accommodating patients in corridors and ICUs. This is a matter of concern. The district administration has failed to address the concerns of residents. Sanitation in almost all the areas is a huge concern.\"Earlier, the Haryana health department had directed the Civil Hospital to treat all cases of viral fever with low platelet count as dengue cases. Health officials have also been asked to conduct fumigation drives in those areas where patients are detected as well.Dr Satvir Chaudhry, director health services (VBD), said, \"There is no outbreak in the district, but given the rise in viral fever cases, health officials have been instructed not to wait for the dengue test results, as there is no difference in the line of treatment of other fever cases. Moreover, a fumigation drive will be conducted in that areas as it will create awareness among residents.\"It is considered an outbreak when more than five cases (clustering) of the same disease are reported in a locality in a span of seven days. Chaudhry visited many areas of the city from where dengue cases were reported on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16844689", "title": "Abhijeet Group \u2018rationalizes\u2019 staff as coalgate bites", "text": "NAGPUR: The coalgate heat seems to have led Abhijeet Group, whose promoter Manoj Jayaswal is otherwise known for a flamboyant lifestyle, adopt austerity measures. The company facing CBI probe in the coal allocation scam is now cutting flab.Abhijeet Group calls it rationalization of manpower and is learnt to have initiated plans to reduce the workforce in businesses that are yet to start. This includes mainly cement plants the group has planned to come up with at Satna in Madhya Pradesh, Chandrapur in Maharashtra and Latehar in Jharkhand.According to insiders, a list of laying off around 30 to 35% employees across the country has been prepared, with some jobs already cut. Jayaswal refused to comment but senior officials insisted it was only 'manpower rationalization' and not retrenchment. They said this meant the surplus employees in projects that have not started yet would be shifted to those where work was under way. \"Of course it is an individual's choice to leave if he does not wish to take up new assignment,\" said a top management officer. Asked about contracts not being renewed, the official said it was company's discretion to not extend any contract if it was not required.There have been rumours of salaries of higher level staffers as well as payment towards certain contractors being held up and working hours being extended by an hour which was again denied by the company officials.Abhijeet Group which has debt amounting to as much as 80% of it projects cost recently cancelled its initial public offer (IPO) and now the equity portion will chipped in by the promoters themselves. The IPO was supposed to have brought the equity portion for power projects for which loans to the tune of 11,500 crore have been sanctioned. Of this, an amount close to 6,500 crore has already been disbursed. The loans included around 97 crore borrowed for buying a plush business jet. For this the Deustche Bank, Tokyo, had extended a foreign currency debt on the basis of a letter of credit issued by the IDBI Bank.Abhijeet Group's power plants are coming up in Jharkhand and Bihar, apart from one in Mihan-SEZ which ready at present. However, power is being sold in open market as the state's electricity regulator Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC), is in the process of finalizing the rates at which power will be supplied to SEZ.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16845567", "title": "Youth, married men prone to suicide: Congress", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Youth and married men figure high in Gujarat's suicide tally. Congress party leaders on Tuesday released a detailed study on suicides in Gujarat and blamed the BJP government for unemployment and financial crisis.\"Every fifth person committing suicide in the state is below 20 years of age and over 70 per cent of those committing suicide are married men,\" said Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) president Arjun Modhwadia. \"These are some of the findings of the analysis of suicide cases recorded in the state over the past 10 years.\"A booklet titled \"End of Lives\" was released by GPCC on Tuesday which revealed that due to unemployment and financial crisis, 11,681 suicides took place during chief minister Narendra Modi's rule in Gujarat. \"No fewer than 7,062 farmers and agriculture labourers committed suicide during this period,\" said a Congress leader. The analysis of the suicide data obtained under the Right to Information Act was carried out by a team headed by Modhwadia. He said that social analysts Vidhyut Joshi, Edvin Masihi, Gaurang Jani and professor Raxa Doshi along with Congress spokesperson Manish Doshi played a key role in the analysis.Modhwadia said the data revealed that of the 36,248 people who committed suicide during Modi's rule, about 80 per cent were below the age of 40, while 15 per cent were farmers and agricultural labourers. He said that the highest number of suicides were recorded in the Saurashtra-Kutch area.Joshi, while releasing the booklet, said earlier there was a strong bond among members of society, but in the present circumstances this bond had been broken and hence a when a person was in distress he or she rarely got any help from relatives.\"The economic disparity between different sections of society is also playing a key role in increasing the number of suicides,\" said Joshi. \"Earlier, we had never heard about all members of a family committing suicide together. But this is now a dangerous new trend. Among farm labourers , economic and social exploitation are the main reason behind the rising cases of suicide .\" Gaurang Jani said the government had shown dreams to youth but had failed to help fullfill them. This was forcing many to commit suicide, Jani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16844806", "title": "Haryana IAS officer Khemka\u2019s plight echoes in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: Haryana's senior IAS officer Ashok Khemka is in the news for being transferred from the land registration department even while he was probing a land deal involving Robert Vadra. Khemka, it is said, had been transferred 40 times in the past 21 years. A 1991-batch officer, he has opposed the decision to transfer him, saying it was \"demoralising and dehumanising\". Khemka's plight is a topic of hot debate among bureaucrats in Tamil Nadu as well.A few senior IAS officers in the state too have faced similar action. Co-optex managing director U Sagayam, in the news for exposing the multi-crore granite scam in Madurai, was transferred 18 times in 20 years and the commissioner for disciplinary proceedings C Umashankar held 20 posts in 22 years. It is not just 'All India service' officers. A few 'Tamil Nadu state service' officers too have suffered a similar fate. For instance, Tirunelveli police deputy commissioner N Manivannan was transferred 16 times in his 10-year service, said senior officers. A few young officers too have faced frequent transfers.\"Government's have always used two tools to take on officers - they either transfer them or suspended them,\" said former chief vigilance commissioner N Vittal. Recommending a minimum tenure for key posts, he said, \"I respect the courage shown by Khemka in ordering the probe and facing the transfer.\" Another senior officer, seeking anonymity, said: \"Due to the frequent transfers, officials cannot display their efficiency. Sometimes, young officers get totally demoralised.\"Transfers and suspensions of officers have been in vogue for the past six decades, said Vittal. \"This is nothing new. But tenures for certain positions should be fixed. The tenure of the CBI director, for instance, is two years. The government has to get permission from CVC for his transfer,\" he said. The governments should appoint the right persons for the right posts too, Vittal said.Umashankar suggests that the tasks of postings and transfers of civil service officials be entrusted with the Union Public Service Commission. \"We have been recruited by the UPSC. The state governments and the Centre should not have the powers of transfers, promotions and postings. I have been transferred three times in my carrier within 100 days and five times within five months of my taking charge of the new posts,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16844828", "title": "Tamil Nadu cops can\u2019t ensure safety: Lankan minister", "text": "CHENNAI: Sri Lankan minister Douglas Devananda has expressed doubts about police's ability to ensure his safety if he appears for trial in a murder case in Chennai. Tamil Nadu police were equal to the Scotland Yard in investigation, but when it comes to security they are not as efficient, as was evident from the assassination of Rajiv Gandhi in 1991, his counsel told a sessions court, which is hearing the minister's petition seeking recall of the pending non-bailable warrant against him and permission to face the trial through video-conferencing.After hearing the arguments, IV additional sessions judge S Rajagopalan said he would deliver the verdict on the plea on October 18.The matter relates to a murder case registered against Douglas and his associates for the Diwali-eve murder of one Thirunavukkarasu at Choolaimedu here in 1986. The sessions court had issued the non-bailable warrant against him and declared him an absconding accused in 1994, after he and others failed to appear in court. In his petition, Douglas said his entry into Tamil Nadu and personal appearance in the court would trigger law and order in the state. Apprehending threat to his life in the state, his counsel also wanted the trial to be conducted through video-conferencing.Additional public prosecutor Prabhavathi, however, informed the court that an accused must present himself before the court concerned if he wants the warrant against him to be recalled. Allaying Douglas' apprehensions about his personal safety, she said the state police would give him full protection to him during trial.However, Douglas' counsel P N Prakash, citing the assassination of former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi at Sriperumbudur, said police cannot ensure safety of the minister. Several policemen too died in the assassination, he said.Prabhavathi, opposing trial via video-conferencing, told the court that since several police officers handling the case had been transferred during the interregnum period, it would be difficult for any officer to identify the accused shown on the video. Prakash, however, said identification of the accused could be done by the witnesses and there was no need for the investigating officer to do so. Douglas has said he was prepared to face trial in the murder case but it should be through video-conferencing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16844711", "title": "Oustees ask Hindustan Aeronautics Limited to return unused land", "text": "KORAPUT: People who lost their land to the Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) project in Koraput district have demanded that unutilized land be returned to them. The land losers under the banner Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) Displaced Persons Association threatened to intensify their agitation after the tripartite discussion between the association, district administration and HAL failed to reach any solution on the issue on Monday.\"Many times we have approached the administration and HAL authorities to return the unutilized land that had been acquired in the mid-sixties but to no avail. Our agitation to get back the land will be intensified as we are not satisfied with the administration's decision,\" said advisor of the association Sadhu Chatria.The administration during the tripartite meeting on Monday clarified that there is no rule to return land which has been acquired for a project. \"There is no rule to return the unutilized land acquired for any project. The surplus land could be used for the future expansion of HAL or in any other project as decided by the government,\" said sub-collector Koraput Rasmita Panda.The administration, on its part, urged the eligible displaced persons to take vocational training in different institutes established by the HAL.For the past few months, hundreds of land losers belonging to Katigaon, Sindhiput, Solaput and Pangiput villages have been urging the district administration and the HAL to return 2918.18 acres of land, which has remained unutilized, to the land losers. The association members alleged that they were not adequately compensated during the land acquisition and the company has also neglected peripheral development.To pressurize the administration to listen to their grievances, the displaced persons had also forcibly ploughed around five acres of land on HAL premises. Sources said 3,121 acres of land was provided by the state government to HAL during the later's inception in 1964.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16843978", "title": "Uttar Pradesh chief secretary sets October 25 deadline for industrial policy GO", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh chief secretary, Javed Usmani on Tuesday set a deadline of October 25 for issuance of all requisite government orders associated with the new industrial policy.Presiding over a meeting, Usmani also asked the officials to get the GOs published in the form of a booklet by November. The issuance of industrial policy associated GOs and their subsequent publication in the form of a booklet is proposed to provide a big relief for industries to set up their units in different parts of the state.The chief secretary said that adequate security will be provided to the industries. For that a fast track grievance redressal cell should also be set up in the office of inspector general of police in different zones of the state. A district level grievance redressal cell under the supervision of an additional SP level officer will also be established. Usmani said that police will also ensure adequate patrolling in the industrial zones.At the same time, an 'industry-business security forum' under the chairmanship of respective district magistrate will also be set up. The forum will also comprise industry representatives, who will be given special status.\"Likewise, a vocational training institute will be set up under the labour department. The state government will provide additional help to an industrial house, which would get at least 100 unskilled workers trained according to its need,\" Usmani said. A labour market information cell will also be established in order to establish a better coordination between the service provider and the training institute, he added. Similarly, the state government will provide all possible help to the industrial house that wishes to introduce industry-relevant course in a technical institute.The institute of prestige will also be given priority if they wish to adopt an ITI , a polytechnic or a technical institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "16848464", "title": "Holland in line for Australian Test selection this summer", "text": "SYDNEY: Left-arm spinner Jon Holland, who plays for Victoria , is in line for Test selection this summer, and possibly next year's Ashes, after he was declared by selectors as one of Australia's top two spinners for the longest form of the game.Holland's one-day bowling and his performance on the winter Australia A tour of England, where he outbowled incumbent Test spinner Nathan Lyon, has impressed chief selector John Inverarity.\"I think it's fair to say that we're of the view that the two best spinners we've got just at this moment are Nathan Lyon and Jon Holland,\" Inverarity said.The declaration from Inverarity is a blow to Michael Beer, who has been Lyon's Test understudy for more than a year and who played a Test in the West Indies in April, The Sydney Morning Herald reports.Beer, like Lyon, made his Test debut with little first-class experience, after being heavily backed by then WA coach Mickey Arthur, who is now Australia's head coach, the paper said.Holland's international prospects improved last summer after a dominant six-wicket haul in a tour match against India and then a Ryobi Cup haul of 6-29 against South Australia that was witnessed by Inverarity, the paper added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16845339", "title": "Students see live business operations on industrial tour", "text": "ALLAHABAD: First-year MBA Students of School of Management Studies (SMS) of Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology (MNNIT) here went on an industrial tour to the Tata Motors Plant in Lucknow and Indo Gulf Fertilizers in Sultanpur recently as part of their course curriculum. One batch of 42 students was led by associate professor Dr Tanuj Nandan, on their trip to Lucknow, while the second batch of 43 students was led by assistant professor Dr Tripti Singh to Sultanpur.The objective of the visit was to familiarise students with live shop-floor operations and to provide them an opportunity to interact with functionaries of the plant management. At the Tata Motors Plant in Lucknow, engineers apprised the students of the process of manufacture of trucks and low-floor buses. At the Indo-Gulf Fertilizer plant, students got familiar with the process of manufacture of fertilizers, a vital component in agricultural productivity. Students also interacted with managers at the plant and got the opportunity to resolve their queries. The two visits were conducted under the guidance of their institute's director Prof Peeush Ranjan Agrawal.On the other hand, a musical feast for the faculty and students of MNNIT was organised by the Student Activity Centre. The function was held as part of SPIC-MACAY, which promotes Indian arts and culture among youth. Indian classical vocalist Rattan Mohan Sharma, nephew of classical vocalist Pandit Jasraj, accompanied by Shailendra Mishra on tabla, Dharam Nath Mishra on harmonium and Ramdas on pakhawaj performed and left the audience spellbound, informs Dr Nandan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16844823", "title": "More tests don\u2019t mean a healthier you: Review", "text": "MUMBAI: Annual health check-ups don't necessarily save lives, says a new Cochrane review of medical trials. Be it overall deaths or deaths specifically from killer diseases such as cancer and heart ailments, the review said the check-ups don't make much of a difference.Annual checks have always been a grey zone, with its supporters and opponents alternately making a strong case (the former underline the value of a saved life for a family, while the latter scream poor public health economics). In India, the idea got a fillip in March 2012 when the Centre announced a tax rebate of up to Rs 5,000 for preventive tests. For the diagnostic segment that is growing at over 13% every year, the budgetary sop was the ultimate incentive.But the Cochrane review, which is respected for its independent and evidence-based studies, looked at 14 trials involving almost two lakh people to arrive at the conclusion. The trials divided participants into two groups: one in which participants were invited to general health checks and another in which they were not. The results were varied: people were more likely to be diagnosed with high blood pressure, high cholesterol or other abnormalities. What sealed the review was a closer look at 11,940 deaths recorded in nine of the trials: the researchers found no difference between the number of deaths in the two groups (those who were tested and those were not).\"From the evidence we've seen, inviting patients to general health checks is unlikely to be beneficial,\" lead researcher Lasse Krogsboll of the Nordic Cochrane Centre at Copenhagen in Denmark said in a statement released on Tuesday.The local diagnostic industry leaders were not amused with the review. \"The definition of death is very important here,\" said Dr A Velumani, promoter of Thyrocare chain of diagnostic labs. \"Preventive checks can delay deaths, they aren't and cannot eliminate death,\" he said, adding that preventive checks basically ensure that a patient doesn't meet with premature death. \"Preventive checks can make a difference to lifespan and quality of life.\"A hospital administrator said preventive cancer checks carried out in his hospital recently had revealed ovarian cancer in two of the 100 women who had signed up. \"For them, it was a life-saving diagnosis,\" he said.However, public health analyst Dr Abhay Shukla is opposed to the idea of annual preventive checks. Pune-based Dr Shukla, a founding member of the Centre for Enquiry in Health and Allied Themes (CEHAT), said, \"There are two kinds of routine tests. One is a screening test, say, for diabetes, that is carried out across the population for public health reasons, while the other is a particular test carried out in a specific group of people due to clinical reasons.\" He said the generic panel of tests, popularly known as preventive tests, doesn't fall in either of these categories. \"Preventive health check-ups are an irrational battery of tests carried out on healthy people whose main indication is that they have money in their pockets. It is not scientific and can be completely avoided,\" said Dr Shukla.Should preventive tests really be avoided? The Cochrane review author Krogsboll advises a refined approach: \"What we're not saying is that doctors should stop carrying out tests or offering treatment when they suspect there may be a problem. But we do think that public healthcare initiatives that are systematically offering general health checks should be resisted.\" The review concluded that studies should be designed to target specific conditions such as kidney disease instead of a blanket approach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16845969", "title": "Police reports exaggerated: DYFI", "text": "KANNUR: The reports about damage to public properties following the Collectorate march of the DYFI on March 21 were exaggerated by the police, DYFI leaders have alleged. \"We don't support violence and what happened at the Collectorate was unfortunate. But, police have exaggerated the damage to the public properties and claimed that the loss was over Rs 15 lakh. But the actual loss was Rs 1,92,881,\" claimed MLA and DYFI state secretary T V Rajesh based on the details collected under the RTI. He was talking to reporters at a press meet here on Tuesday.\"Since the government misled the court about the loss, the arrested people were released on bail only after Rs 16.44 lakh was deposited at the magistrate court here,\" he pointed out.\"Though the FIR in the case was registered by Kannur Town SI G Gopakumar, after the police took a suo motu case, the loss was magnified by the police as per the instruction of the higher ups,\" he alleged.He demanded that home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan should reveal his stand on the matter.Rajesh also said if the amount in the report was written by the SI, the department should take stringent action against him for misleading the court as well as creating a false impression about the attack.However, according to police sources, some top officials in the PWD with some vested interests were suspected to have tampered with the actual loss and prepared a list showing lesser amount, contradicting the loss estimated by the police, and a vigilance investigation was on to bring out the truth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16845463", "title": "Shehnai notes amid garba tunes", "text": "VADODARA: When Payal Patel was swinging to the tunes of a garba at Mehsananagar Ground four years ago little did she know that she would find her soulmate while playing garba. However, Payal not only found a partner of her choice but also got married with him within a few months. Her parents, who were among the spectators at the garba venue, met the boy and gave approval for the marriage.Payal's isn't a one-off case. Several couples have met at this garba venue and tied nuptial knots in the last 15 years. Members of the Saurashtra Leuva Patel community organize an informal 'marriage mela' every year on the seventh day of Navratri at Mehsananagar garba ground. Parents of prospective brides and grooms are invited to the venue to hunt for a suitable partner for their kin, and most turn back with a smile on their face. Mostly the prospective grooms and brides themselves turn up at the venue.\"I met my wife Bela at the Mehsananagar Garba ground nine years ago. It was a sort of community gathering wherein the prospective grooms and brides would look for suitable partners. I saw her playing garba and decided to talk to her. It was an informal meet but we developed a liking for each other,\" said Dr Jayesh Rakholia.\"Our family background and ideas about life matched. Later, our parents met during the garba on the night of 'poonam' and completed the formalities. We got married within a few months. Our love story began at Mehsananagar Garba Ground,\" Jayesh told TOI.\"People don't get much time to hunt for suitable partner these days. Earlier, community gatherings were used as a platform to arrange marriages. But now it is a thing of past. Hence, we thought of using garbas as a platform to bring prospective brides and grooms together,\" said R B Bhesania, organizer of Mehsananagar Garba and trustee of Saurashtra Leuva Patel community.Bhesania said his experiment has worked as several members of Patel community turn up at his garba venue to scout for suitable brides and grooms. \"Now, members of other communities too turn up at our venue with the same motive,\" he added.Payal, who found her soul mate Sanjay Patel, at the same venue four years ago, said, \"I went to the venue for playing garba and was hoping to find a suitable partner. We both interacted with each other informally during Navratri. It was an ideal set up and helped us break ice. Later, our parents met each other and gave a go ahead for our marriage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16844042", "title": "Aashiana police nabs gang of chain-snatchers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Recent victims of chain and purse snatching incidents in trans-Gomti area may contact Aashiana police station as cops have caught a gang of chain-snatchers and their buyers who confessed to 12 such crimes. Out of the total 12 cases, five were registered at Ghazipur, four at Aashiana, two at Gomtinagar and one at Manaknagar, police stations.The police team nabbed four young men at Aurangabad Khalsa, Utarethia, beneath the Shaheed Path bridge at 11 pm on Monday and recovered a country-made pistol, live bullets, Rs 6,000 in cash and several gold chains from Bachole Yadav and Chhotakkey Dhanuk, the alleged chain-snatchers. Two other men, Rajendra Soni and Mohit Mishra were also arrested from the spot, allegedly for buying the stolen chains from the accused. The duo used to shuttle between Lucknow and Kanpur to commit crimes and stay away from police. \"After committing crimes in Lucknow the two fled to Kanpur and robbed there and vice versa,\" said police.Chotakkey Dhanuk, a resident of Mishra colony in Unnao, is believed to be the main culprit and had been jailed in the past for murdering his neighbour in broad daylight in Unnao. The accused have confessed they were involved in most of the cases reported in different parts of Gomtinagar and Indiranagar areas. The places where they have snatched chains recently include Vivek Khand and Vijay Khand areas of Gomtinagar and Sector 15, Sector 18 and C-Block areas of Indiranagar. In Aashiana, the accused made good with their loot from Sector K and road opposite Vishal Megamart.The accused are used to a lavish lifestyle and drinking expensive liquor and had taken to chain-snatching full time after giving up studies.Suicide: A 24-year-old woman allegedly committed suicide in Telibagh on Tuesday morning. Identified as Rekha, she was married for the past two years and had given birth to a son six months ago. The tragic incident was reported by Premshankar, her father-in-law, who is an assistant review officer at the the state secretariat. Rekha, from Maurawan in Unnao, was married to Premshankar's son Pramod Kumar and was staying with her in-laws at Gopalnagar in Telibagh. Rekha ended her life by hanging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16843684", "title": "Bhuvneshwar takes centrestage as Central Zone's remarkable fightback jolts North", "text": "HYDERABAD: After being in the driver's seat for more than two-and-a-half days, North Zone got the jolt of their lives in the final session of play on Day 3 here on Tuesday and their hopes of making it to the final of the Duleep Trophy now hang by mere nine runs.In a dramatic turn of events, the post-lunch session produced one of the most remarkable fightbacks in domestic cricket as the last pair of Bhuvneshwar Kumar (120; 225b, 12x4, 3x6) and Rituraj Singh (21; 38b, 3x4, 1x6) rubbed North noses in the dust with an unbeaten century partnership to take Central Zone within sniffing distance of taking the all-important first innings lead.Central were 442 for nine at stumps on the penultimate day of play and require another 10 runs to book their berth in the summit clash. It could still be anyone's game on Wednesday as morning conditions will be favourable to the medium-pacers. With Central having just one wicket in hand, North should still seal it but on the evidence of the last two hours of play on Tuesday, it will not be a wonder if Central pull it off.With the wicket easing up a lot, it was not going to be a test of technique but of temperament. Bhuvneshwar and Rituraj scored big on this count. They displayed amazing character to take up the challenge and come through the day's play with their heads high. Their rivals will surely have a sleepless night.At 342 for nine, it looked curtains for Central but Bhuvneshwar and Rituraj had different ideas. Bhuvneshwar, who was on 45 when Rituraj joined him, changed gears with such ease that it left the North bowlers in a daze. By the end of play, skipper Shikhar Dhawan was forced to defend the total instead of attacking the batsmen. So calculated was Bhuvneshwar's assault that Dhawan had nine fielders stationed at the ropes to save the boundaries.But there was no stopping him on this day. The 21-year-old Kanpur lad smashed boundaries at will as he toyed with the rival attack.He reached his 50 in 137 balls with four boundaries, but the next 50 came off just 56 balls with seven fours and two sixes. The duo has already put up 100 on board with Bhuvneshwar contributing 75 of those and Rituraj, who deserves equal appreciation for hanging in there for 100 minutes, making 21.Lack of patience and application had cost Central the title last season against East, and for most part of their innings here, it looked like they hadn't learned much from their previous experience. At 117 for five, it seemed to be a lost cause for Central who were replying to North's healthy total of 451.Skipper Mohd Kaif and Mahesh Rawat turned things around a wee bit as they took the side to 146 for five at stumps on Day 2.Brief scores: North Zone 1st Innings 451. Central Zone 442/9 (Bhuvneshwar Kumar 120 batting, Mahesh Rawat 71, Mohammed Kaif 64, Amit Mishra 4/151).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16845968", "title": "Kerala Agricultural University to set up crop productivity centre", "text": "THRISSUR: In order to study the variation in crop production and crop-weather relations in the kole lands, the Kerala Agricultural University (KAU) will soon open a 'kole land \u2014 crop productivity centre' in Venkitangu.The centre will be set up at a cost of Rs 18 lakh with financial aid from the state government. \"In some areas of kole land, paddy production is high with a yield of 12-14 tonnes a hectare. But in other areas, the yield is not more than four tonnes. The reasons for such variation will be analyzed,\" said Prof U Jayakumaran of agriculture research station, KAU.\"Every year there is a change in the quantity of production. But, nobody knows why. If we can study that, a contingency plan can be evolved to increase production. This is the aim of the project,\" he said. The project is expected to be launched next month.To study crop-weather relations, an automatic weather station costing Rs 5 lakh will be installed at Venkitangu. It will study temperature, monsoon, rainfall, evaporation, wind direction and how these affect production. A field lab will also be started here to analyze soil and plants, said Jayakumaran.As part of the project, a crop security intelligence wing has been formed and officers have been appointed to conduct field observation in five blocks: Puzhakkal, Mullassery, Anthikad, Cherpu and Irinjalakuda.\"If they identify any pest disease or crop disorder, they will have to inform us and the assistant director in the agriculture office of the block concerned,\" he added. The intelligence wing has been set up at a cost of Rs 12 lakh.\"With their information, we can ensure timely intervention of experts to adopt measures on a war footing to maintain productivity,\" Jayakumaran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843758", "title": "Govt to use Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojna cards to identify cash transfer beneficiaries", "text": "NEW DELHI: With doubts being raised on the genuineness of below poverty line (BPL) cards, the government has decided to instead use the Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojna cards to identify beneficiaries for cash transfer of subsidies.To start with, a pilot project at one location each in Punjab and Rajasthan will shortly begin for cash transfers. The petroleum ministry has issued instructions to oil marketing companies to carry out the pilot projects in two states after finance ministry approved the guidelines for such cash transfers using RSBY cards.More than 27 million people are covered under the RSBY scheme and during the 12th plan period, it is estimated to reach 70 million people. The smart card will help the government in identifying beneficiaries and also preventing duplication.Earlier, the petroleum ministry had carried out a pilot project on cash transfer of subsidy on kerosene in Alwar district of Rajasthan where it had used Aadhar as the basis for identification. Comprehensive guidelines have now been framed to use RSBY cards as the basis for cash transfers.The finance ministry has also instructed its banking division to ensure that all targeted beneficiaries have bank accounts before the scheme is rolled out.After successful implementation of this pilot, the government will roll out the scheme in more than 11 districts in as many states and Union Territories. The petroleum ministry has estimated an expenditure of Rs 1,800 crore for 2013-14 for the selected districts.Finance ministry has already ensured 100% coverage of bank accounts of families targeted for cash subsidy transfer in the UTs of Andaman &amp; Nicobar Islands, Puducherry, Chandigarh, Lakshadweep, Dadar &amp; Nagar Haveli and Daman &amp; Diu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16845360", "title": "Right to life and freedom cannot be casually snatched away from someone", "text": "It is indeed shocking that a man should have remained in jail for 15 years after his sentence has been served out merely because officialdom is unable to ascertain what his nationality is. As the court has correctly pointed out, the right to life and freedom cannot be so casually snatched away from someone. Even if the person happens not be a citizen, it reflects poorly on the rule of law in our country if such gross injustice is done to him. The government must at least now show the kind of urgency it should have done many years ago and make arrangements for him to be released and sent home, wherever that may be.Related story:  SC aghast at detention of foreigner for 15 years", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16843512", "title": "Taekwondo head questions IOA's spending", "text": "BANGALORE: With elections to Indian Olympic Association (IOA) round the corner, a veteran official has hit out at the functioning of the apex sports body and has filed an application under Right to Information (RTI) seeking details about its finances.Taekwondo Federation of India president Harish Kumar set the ball rolling on Tuesday, alleging that none of the federations have been getting any help from IOA. \"In my association with IOA for more than 17 years, I am yet to find an occasion where the apex body has helped the financially-starved NSFs,\" Kumar wrote to his colleagues in IOA.Asked about the application filed in August and a reminder sent last week, Kumar said his effort was to bring transparency. \"The national sports federations (NSFs) and state Olympic associations are constituent members of IOA but hardly a penny has come to us. We want to know about the funds IOA is getting and how it is spent,\" Kumar told TOI.\"To my query under RTI, I have got some replies and they have informed that the remaining answers will come by Monday,\" he said.The retired IPS officer, who was all set to go on appeal against IOA after his queries went unanswered, said as per IOA's partial reply the body received an average funding of Rs 2 crore per year from the International Olympic Committee (IOC).\"The IOA, I feel, has wasted more than a crore of rupees in the legal battle between Hockey India and Indian Hockey Federation even as deserving athletes hardly got a share of the IOC grant. The funds received from IOC are not just for holding meetings, foreign tours and TA/DA, a share of it should be given to federations to conduct the Nationals,\" said Kumar, one of the 19 executive members of IOA.\"The cost of conducting a National championship has now gone up to Rs 10-12 lakh. The Union sports ministry provides only Rs 2 lakh to conduct the senior Nationals. For proper utilization of funds, 40 per cent of the grants received should be set apart for supporting NSFs, 30 per cent for deserving athletes and the remaining for day-to-day running of IOA,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16846286", "title": "VRS for civic official may be decided today", "text": "NASHIK: Even as corporators are divided over the issue of approving voluntary retirement proposals for senior officials, the voluntary retirement proposal of superintendent engineer of the water department, R K Pawar, is likely to be taken at on Wednesday with the civic administration havin presented Pawar's VRS application to the general body.Pawar had already given a three-month notice for his voluntary retirement to municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare. His notice period will end on October 18. The decision on the VRS must be taken by the GBM within three months or else the proposal gets approved on technical grounds.In the last GBM, Congress corporator Dinkar Patil and independent corporator Gurumit Bagga had urged the mayor not to approve the VRS application of any municipal official. Bagga said that the NMC is already facing a manpower crunch. Accepting VRS of a senior official will be an indirect loss to the corporation as these officials have work experience.According to sources, a group of corporators in the House is planning to adjourn Wednesday's GBM in which case, Pawar's application will get technically approved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16845894", "title": "Black spots on city roads continue to haunt motorists", "text": "KOCHI: Accident black spots continue to haunt city roads even as a project envisaged by the police in coordination with motor vehicles and public works departments to identify them and implement safety measures is gathering dust. No steps have been initiated to implement the project, announced a year ago in view of the rising number of road accidents. The number of accidents was 2,374 in 2008, 2,042 in 2009, 1,446 in 2010, 1,599 in 2011 and 1,536 in 2012 (up to August).As part of the project, a committee comprising officials of these departments need to evaluate roads to identify the spots where accidents occur frequently. It was mooted after the Kerala Road Safety Authority proposed scientific studies on causes of major accidents, involving three or more lives, for implementing effective and expeditious remedial steps.\"The project was announced with much publicity but nothing has yet taken shape. Accidents continue to occur at these spots.The committee had met only twice in these months. They have not completed identifying the spots and no effort has been taken to install warning signboards or reflectors at any junction,\" a senior official said.Traffic assistant commissioner K S Baby Vinod said they were taking all necessary steps to identify the spots. However, a committee member said, \"We have not finalised the spots as certain other details should also be evaluated. We just concluded a preliminary survey. We will be able to finalise the list in two months,\" he said.Another traffic police officer said, \"Accidents are caused mainly by drivers' negligence but there are spots that blind the driver. There are traffic junctions in the city where the signalling system should be immediately revamped.\"The police had also mooted another programme to curb accidents, wherein senior officers will supervise a probe into accidents involving loss of two or more lives. The circle inspector having jurisdiction over the accident spot would inform the executive engineer (PWD), the RTO and the DSP about the accident, following which the DSP would organize a combined visit under his leadership to the scene of accident to study the spot and suggest remedial measures.Police officials said that the Road Transport Officer and PWD executive engineer should be made aware of the necessity to implement the project. \"There is a lack of coordination between the officials of these departments. A senior police official should take the responsibility of coordinating the activities for speedy implementation of the project,\" officials said.Kochi range inspector general K Padmakumar said he would personally look into the project and take steps to implement it soon.What are black spots?Sharp turnings Junctions where there are buildings that obstruct vision of driversMedians on road that cannot be easily spotted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16845705", "title": "Banaras Hindu University Central Library to be open round the clock", "text": "VARANASI: Students of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) can avail the facility of reading in Central Library round the clock. The library is gearing itself to capacitate around 500 students in an under construction air condition hall which will be open 24 hours for university students. Apart from that, the hall is likely to have over 100 computers installed in it so that students can have access to library's e-resources.According to deputy librarian, Central Library, BHU, Dr M Anandamurugan, \"this facility is likely to start from January onwards. All the students, whether residing in university hostel, private accommodation or day scholars including students of Women's College and Faculty of Education, Kamachha, can avail this facility.At present, the scheduled library timings are 9am to 9pm which will be the same as far as issuing of new books is concerned. \"No new books will be issued after 9pm, however, students will be allowed to read the already issued books and their own books in the library. Students can also bring their laptops to the library,\" said Anandamurugan. The hall will be provided with internet connections and over 100 computers will also be installed in the hall to provide access to online journals, research papers, and other publication among the students, he added.According to university librarian, AK Srivastava, \"in view of poor power supply in the city and to provide e-resource access among students who cannot afford to buy computers or laptops, vice- chancellor, BHU, Dr Lalji Singh proposed this idea. \"The hall will take around one month for completion and is likely to be inaugurated during the culmination of 150th birth anniversary celebrations in December last,\" he informed.Banaras Hindu University organizes special lecture by VCThe department of musicology, Banaras Hindu University, organised a special lecture on 'Science of Establishing Identities: Past, Present, Future' by vice-chancellor Dr Lalji Singh, noted scientist of molecular biology, on Tuesday.Delivering the lecture, Singh said the 21st century is the century of science, and it is essential for everybody to keep information of scientific developments. Speaking about DNA fingerprinting, he said the technique is being extensively used for forensic investigation, paternity determination and seed stock verification.DNA fingerprinting evidence is presented in the court of law. This indigenous technique is used in cases like paternity disputes, identification of missing children, identification of mutilated bodies, exchange of babies in maternity wards and cases of rape and murder. He said the DNA fingerprinting can effectively be used to infer the generic affinities among related group of animals.The fingerprint profiles are believed to have evolved too rapidly to be informative over a large period of time. It is also being used for wildlife preservation and better management of endangered species in zoo and also for identification and isolation of genes for useful characters in silkworm races. This technology is also being used for medical diagnosis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16848592", "title": "Doodle contest", "text": "Google India announces 'Doodle 4 Google' competition for 2012, inviting children between the ages of 5 to 16 years to share their creativity by doodling on the Google logo. The theme of this year's competition is Unity in Diversity. The annual contest that received over a 100,000 entries last, expects a stronger response this year, as they reach out to over 40 cities.The winner of the competition will be announced in New Delhi on November 6, while the winning doodle will be featured on the Google (India) homepage on November 14 marking the children's day.Nikhil Rungta, country marketing head, Google India states, \"This is a great opportunity for students to explore the intersection of art and technology, while sharing their talents and creativity on a national scale. Last year's winning doodle by Varsha Gupta, from Delhi NCR, showcased in vivid detail that India is a land of different cultures, and music is an integral part of it. This year we expect the children of India to showcase to the world how India is united in diversity.\"Participants will be grouped into three different categories\u2014Group one comprising students from class I to III; Group two with students from class IV to VI; and Group three with students from class VII to X. They will also be divided into four regions\u2014north, south, east and west. Three entries will be shortlisted from every region across each of the three groups. Following the preliminary judging, 12 entries will be announced and exhibited for public voting. Based on the number of votes, one winner from each group will then be selected. Finally a jury of independent judges along with the original Google doodler will then choose the final winning doodle from all the finalists. While the winning doodle will be featured on the Google (India) page, all the 12 finalists will receive a tablet and Google kit.Interested participants can apply online. All participants must submit all necessary details along with their doodle as mentioned on the online form. Submission may be either individually or through the school. Last date for submissions is October 23. To participate and for more details visit, www.google.co.in/doodle4google", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16847916", "title": "Anjali Abrol to wow Mahadev as Meenakshi", "text": "Anjali Abrol claimed fame through the character of Rani from Star Plus's ace show Raja Ki Ayegi Baraat after which she was seen in Sony TV's Chajje Chajje Ka Pyaar for a while. However, the actress took a long gap from TV to enjoy her personal and social life and is now all set to return.Few weeks back it was reported in the media that Anjali Abrol will be seen in one of the upcoming episodes of Star Plus's Lakhon Mein Ek and the latest we heard is she is all set to enter Life OK's most celebrated show Devo Ke Dev Mahadev, produced by Traingle Films Company .A little birdie quips, Anjali Abrol has been short listed to essay the character of Meenakshi, the one who wants to get Mahadev ( Mohit Raina). Meenakshi is a normal girl but is fascinated by Mahadev's charisma and wants to take Parvati's place.Interestingly,she tries all means to impress Mahadev but at the end gets defeated as Mahadev clears her that he is married to Parvati and no one else can ever take her position.\"It's a cameo but I loved to be associated with Mahadev and that's the reason why I took up the role,\" confirms Anjali Abrol.Anjali has started shooting and her track will go on air next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16848364", "title": "Used American heart devices for Indian patients", "text": "Used heart devices of U.S. patients can be safely fixed in seriously ill heart disease patients in the developing world, researchers say .The devices, which are known as implantable cardioverter defibrillators (ICDs), automatically deliver potentially life-saving electrical shocks to the heart in people at high risk of cardiac arrest.However, in the developing world few people have the money to afford the cost - about 5,000 dollars in the U.S. for pacemakers, and four times that for ICDs.\"These devices did work well. They delivered appropriate shocks and saved lives,\" Fox News quoted lead researcher Dr. Behzad B. Pavri from Thomas Jefferson University Hospital in Philadelphia as saying.A few studies have already shown that it is possible to reuse pacemakers - devices that use electrical pulses to the heart to keep a normal heartbeat.According to researchers, one remedy would be for wealthy nations to donate used ICDs - taken from cadavers, or from patients who have their ICD removed because of an infection or to get an upgraded model.The new study, reported in the Annals of Internal Medicine, is the first to look at reusing ICDs.The researchers of the study found that ICDs donated from the U.S. appeared to work safely for 75 impoverished patients in India. Over more than two years, there were no infections, and no evidence that the devices malfunctioned - the two biggest concerns with reused heart devices.Still, Pavra said, plenty of questions remain.This study was small and reviewed the records of consecutive patients who got the donated ICDs at one center, Holy Family Hospital in Mumbai.It was not a \"prospective\" study, where researchers recruit patients then systematically follow them over time.\"We clearly need more data. Hopefully, these data will help in achieving a prospective trial,\" Pavri said.However, even beginning a trial is far easier said than done. One of the biggest obstacles is U.S.regulation, Pavri noted.The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) allows ICDs and pacemakers to be used only once. For there to be any large-scale exportation of the devices from the U.S., the FDA would have to be on board with it.The Indian patients in this study received their ICDs after Pavri and his colleagues flew to Mumbai themselves, carrying the devices in their baggage.In this study, 81 patients received ICDs, and the researchers were able to follow up with 75 - which is actually quite good in this context, according to Crawford, who was not involved in the work.For 54 percent of the patients, the ICD delivered an appropriate shock at some point over two-plus years.This was higher than what would be seen in U.S. patients, Pavri noted.According to Pavri, the difference is that the patients in his study were higher-risk. They all had \"class 1 indications\" for an ICD. That includes people who've already suffered life-threatening heart arrhythmias or have significant damage to the heart muscle from a past heart attack.Nine patients died, after an average of two years with the device.A limit of the study, Pavri said, is that there was no information on how often the ICDs may have delivered inappropriate shocks - where the device mistakenly detects a dangerous heart arrhythmia and gives a needless and painful shock.That's a risk with any ICD, but it's important to find out whether reused devices carry a particular risk. Future studies would need to look at that, Pavri concluded.The study has been published in the Annals of Internal Medicine .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16845704", "title": "Doctor's wife run over by train near Ashapur Rly crossing", "text": "VARANASI: Wife of a doctor of government mental hospital died after coming under the wheels of a moving train near Ashapur railway crossing on Tuesday. Another woman died in Gohpur village, under Cholapur police station area.A train had to pass through Ashapur railway crossing, under Sarnath police station area. The gates were locked. Before the train could pass through the crossing, a woman reached the railway tracks and came under the wheels of the moving train.The cops ascertained the identity of killed woman with the help of sim-card recovered from her mobile phone. She was identified as Shashi Kirania (52), a native of Taktakpur. Her husband Pawan Kirania is a doctor at government mental hospital. Her two sons reached the spot but they preferred to remain mum. Police suspect it to be a case of suicide. Bharti (21), wife of Chhedi Rajbhar of Gohpur village, under Cholapur police station area, was found hanging with the ceiling of her room on Tuesday morning.Daughter of Laxman Rajbhar of Rhania, she got married to Chhedi on April 21, 2012. On Monday night, when Chhedi's brother left home for their work place, he came out of the house to sleep while Bharti and other family members stayed inside the house.On Tuesday morning, she was found hanging with the ceiling of her room. Chhedi and other family members also claimed that she had left a suicide note in which she had written that she was committing suicide due to personal reasons.Without informing her parents, they took the body for cremation. Laxman reached the cremation ground and informed the police about the incident. He alleged that Bharti was murdered. The body was sent for postmortem examination.Rash driving kills a minorRash driving claimed two lives, including a minor boy, in two separate road mishaps at different places in the district on Tuesday morning. Several pilgrims, who suffered serious injuries when their bus turned turtle near Khochwa, are under Mirzamurad police station.According to reports, Shiva, a nine-year-old boy of Amripur Balua area in Chandauli district, arrived at his maternal grandmother's place in Udaipur village under Cholapur police station for past few days. On Tuesday morning, while he was going to the temple alon with his family members, a Quallis crushed the boy and fled from the scene.The boy died on the spot. On seeing it, his family members reported the matter to the police after which the Cholapur cops alerted the city police. The cops nabbed the killer vehicle near Pandeypur police outpost.Meanwhile, Lalji Patel (35), a hawker was killed when a vehicle crushed him near Rajatalab police outpost when he was going on his bicycle. The cops rushed him to SPG hospital where the doctors declared him brought dead.In another road mishap, around 22 pilgrims suffered injuries when their bus turned turtle near Khochwa area under Mirzamurad police station. Reports stated that a group of pilgrims from Bihar was heading towards some shrine when the incident occurred.Initially, all the injured pilgrims were rushed to a local hospital where on noticing sharp deterioration in the health condition of four, the doctors referred them to SPG hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16848101", "title": "'Sharam Karo Punjabio' to create awareness", "text": "'Sharam Karo Punjabio' is the song from album Braveheart 2 - Dabka by Surinder Sangha. The song 'Sharam Karo' creates awareness and touches issues like recent UK riots, alcoholism and female genocide. Sharam karo has been sung by Amar Singh.Lyricist and music producer Surinder Sangha entered in UK Bhangra industry with his hit debut album Braveheart in 2009. The singles Fight and Koka gained enormous popularity and were smash hits across the world. Surinder Sangha has had several of his lyrics recorded so far by other artists.Amar Singh had an inclination towards singing from a very young age and was persuaded by his teachers to sing and perform on stage. While studying, he was given the chance to sing in school competition. He won Gold Medal in 'Best Folk Singer' category and second prize twice at the Punjab state level competitions. From then on he received vocal training from the late great ustaad Kuldeep Manak Saab.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16845011", "title": "Bangalore University women hostellers demand a safe campus", "text": "BANGALORE: Inmates of Bangalore University girls' hostels in the Jnanabharathi campus marched to the jurisdictional police station on Tuesday, in protest against the lack of security on the sprawling campus. Their protest comes in the wake of the alleged gang rape of an NLSIU student of the BU campus on Saturday.Over 100 students from the BU hostels held a demonstration in front of Jnanabharathi police station, demanding enhanced security. \"The campus is spread over 1,100 acres but the number of home guards is only 65. The place is open to the public. What kind of security are police promising us here?\" asked Mahalakshmi V, a PG student.BU hostels have a 7pm deadline. \"None of us dares step out of the hostel after that. Eve-teasing is rampant, boys try wheelies and drunk men are a regular sight. It's the wrong place for women,\" said Surana S (name changed), a law student.The girls were furious with police and university officials who have turned a blind eye to the security issue so far. They got no response from police on Tuesday either. Officials at the station told them the commissioner would be in the station on Wednesday, and they could submit the memorandum to him.In the memorandum, the students have sought the removal of some station staff. Incidentally, the station staff was involved in a tiff with BU registrar B C Mylarappa last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16845268", "title": "Cabbies fleece youth, held", "text": "MUMBAI: The Matunga police recently arrested two taxi drivers for allegedly fleecing Rs 400 from a 24-year-old IIT student. Reshma Patil, a second year chemical engineering student, took the pre-paid taxi from outside Dadar station to go to Powai when she was duped on October 8. Patil approached the Matunga police on the following day and got the two drivers---Mohammed Mulla (42) and Harcharan Singh (53)---arrested.The incident occurred around 1.30pm when Patil got down from a long-distance train and hired the taxi. Patil said, \"I returned from a conference in UP. After getting out of Dadar station I hired a taxi. The driver said the fare will be around Rs250 for Powai. Before leaving, another person sat next to the driver in the cab. The person claimed he was the driver's friend. Mid-way the driver asked me to pay the fare. I gave a Rs 500 note which the driver took and the next moment he asked for more money. When I checked with him he said I had paid only Rs100. I asked him to return the money and gave another Rs 500 thinking I may have paid Rs100 mistakenly,\" she told the police. Patil realized she was duped only after reaching her hostel in Powai.The two accused have been booked for cheating. After completing five days in police custody they were sent to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16845322", "title": "Former justice Uday Sinha to probe Madhubani firing", "text": "PATNA: Justice (retd) Uday Sinha of the Patna high court will probe the police firing in Madhubani on October 12 and 13. The judicial commission will submit its report within six months.As per the terms of reference cleared by the state cabinet on Tuesday, the commission will probe the sequence of events which led to the police firing, involvement of a person or many directly or indirectly in inciting violence, justification for the police firing and who was responsible for it.Giving details of the cabinet decisions, senior state official Vijoy Prakash said the government had also decided to open six residential high schools for ST students, including those belonging to Tharu tribe, in West Champaran district for which a sum of Rs 13.75 crore has been earmarked. The schools will be opened at Kadambhava in Bagaha; Beltari and Madhuban in Ramnagar, Birbhiriya in Dudhaura village, Mainatand, Belsandi village and Ghanura village.The cabinet has also slightly-modified the scholarship norms for SC/ST students for the year 2012-13. It would be given on the same pattern on which schoolboys and girls are provided bicycles. Now only those SC and ST students would be eligible for scholarships who have at least 75% attendance between April 1 and September 30 this year. It has been done to check the dropout rate in schools. The state government has also decided to create 212 posts of additional district judges and sessions judges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16844845", "title": "Fogging at construction sites to curb mosquito menace", "text": "COIMBATORE: Health and civic officials in the district believe that the real estate scenario has a direct link to the dengue fever scenario, especially within city limits.The ongoing mosquito control measures carried out in the city will now focus on construction work sites and other areas including the premises of vacant locked houses, government offices and public areas like cinema halls to ensure that the prevalence of vectors, mainly aedes aegypti mosquitoes are brought under control.\"There are many construction sites in the city and suburbs where the fogging and anti-larval operations are not conducted, exposing residents to the risk of infection. Stagnant water in these areas is a breeding ground for mosquitoes. This is more so during the rainy season,\" said Dr D Damodaran, Deputy Director, Public Health Services, Coimbatore.A high level meeting of city corporation officials was conducted on Saturday and attended by city mayor SM Velusamy, Corporation Commissioner TK Ponnusamy and Deputy Director of Public Health Services D Damodaran to discuss control measures in detail. The sanitary inspectors within corporation limits were issued strict instructions to ensure that they carry out these operations. As of now the civic workers are conducting fogging operations using Pyrethrum to kill any adult aedes aegypti mosquito and also going door to door to applying temephos, an organophosphate larvicide in all drining water sources to prevent the breeding of the mosquitoes.\"It was brought to our notice that under construction work sites and government buildings are not brought under the scope of fogging operations. But now strict instructions are being given to ensure that it is done without fail,\" said TK Ponnusamy, Commissioner, Coimbatore Municipal Corporation.The total number of dengue patients undergoing treatment in the city has hit 32 since October 1 after seven fresh patients arrived here for medical treatment on Tuesday. However, officials said that four out of these seven cases were from other districts mainly from Dindigul, Erode and Nilgiris. Three dengue cases reported from the district were of Thejaram (40), a resident of Kannampalayam and two siblings Vijayakumar (27) and Nandakumar (33) of Moideen colony. Officials claimed that all these three patients might have come down with infection outside the district as they frequently travelled to Tirupur district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16842935", "title": "\u2018Faulty norms make schemes inaccessible to minorities\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Demanding a change in the criterion for identifying districts with minority population, former parliamentarian Aziz Pasha on Tuesday said that the Centre has to designate districts with 15 per cent minority population as Minority Concentration Districts (MCD) as against present criterion of 25 per cent to bring Muslim concentrated districts of Andhra Pradesh under the ambit of Multi-Sectoral Development Programme (MSDP).Currently there are no districts in the state designated as MCD. Pasha was speaking at a conference organized to announce countrywide all-party conventions to highlight socio-economic and educational backwardness among the Muslims. The conventions will be held from November 15 to December 15. Under MSDP, various schemes like construction of Indira Awas Yojna (IAY) houses, anganwadi centers, industrial training institutes (ITIs), polytechnic institutes in addition to a host of other infrastructure development schemes have been envisaged to improve the living conditions of minorities.Quoting Planning Commission figures, the CPI member said, \"The government spent Rs 194 crore out of the earmarked Rs 3,780 crore for development of infrastructure in MCDs amounting to only five per cent of the outlay. As a result only three polytechnic colleges as against 23 sanctioned, and only three ITIs constructed when 28 were sanctioned. And only 56 per cent of houses sanctioned for minorities were constructed during the last five years. Most of the spending has taken place in areas where the concentration of Muslims is less.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16843733", "title": "Mehrangarh stampede: Kin vow never to visit fort again", "text": "JODHPUR: Long queues were witnessed outside the Chamunda Temple at Mehrangarh Fort every year during Navratras. Many would travel great distances to get a glimpse of the goddess during the nine-day festival.The temple again opened on Tuesday for the festival but the long queues of passionate devotees were no where to be seen.The temple stampede that claimed 216 lives on September 30, 2008 shook its devotees' faith once and for all. Family members and relatives of those were killed say they will never visit the temple again.\"The temple is painful reminder of the day I lost my son,\" said Harish, a taxi driver whose 17-year-old son was killed in the stampede. \"I don't entertain passengers who want to visit the fort,\" he added.The families of the victims also hold a grudge against the royal family for not visiting them after the tragedy.However, it is the government's neglect and the delay in presenting the commission report that has hurt them the most.Over four years after the tragedy, the findings of the Justice Jasraj Chopra commission report are yet to be made public.Convener of Mehrangarh Dukhantika Sangharsh Samiti, Manaram Meghwal said, \"We have been striving to get the report findings public, which was submitted to the government on June 11, 2011. We are unable to fathom the delay.\"The samiti submitted a memorandum to the district collector on Tuesday and is also planning to gherao chief minister Ashok Gehlot during his scheduled visit to Jodhpur this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843911", "title": "Supreme Court lifts ban on tourism in core areas of tiger reserves", "text": "NEW DELHI: Much to the delight of wildlife enthusiasts and tiger conservationists, the Supreme Court on Tuesday lifted its interim ban on tourism in core areas of tiger reserves which had stopped entry of visitors to popular destinations like Dhikala in Corbett National Park.Additional solicitor general Indira Jaising informed a bench of Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar that the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) had framed guidelines for tiger tourism under the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972 and notified it on Monday.The court said since the statutory authority had framed guidelines permitting tourism in 20% area of the core zone of tiger reserves, its July 24 interim order banning tourism in these areas must be vacated.\"Now that the guidelines for tourism in core and buffer areas of tiger reserves have been notified by the NTCA, we modify the July 24 interim order and direct that henceforth, authorities will be allowing tourism as per the October 15 guidelines,\" the bench said.After the court had banned tourism in core areas based on earlier suggestions of the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), many politicians, environmentalists and tiger conservationists had protested against the ban, saying it could allow poachers a free run in the forests.NTCA made a U-turn and told the court that since many states had reservations over complete ban on tourism in core areas, it would consult all stakeholders and frame comprehensive guidelines for tiger conservation while protecting the rights of forest dwellers.Taking the notifications on record, the bench asked state governments and Union Territory administrations to frame Tiger Conservation Plans within six months and send it to the NTCA for approval. Counsel for the state governments supported the court's decision to vacate the interim ban.The court had on July 24 issued interim ban on tourism, taking note of the failure of authorities to protect tigers whose population had dropped below 1,500 in the national parks. It also took note of state governments' lethargy in notifying core and buffer zones in national parks and sanctuaries.The new NTCA guidelines said, \"Since tourism has been happening in areas of national parks and wildlife sanctuaries which are designated as core and critical tiger habitat, regulated low impact tourism (visitation only) would be allowed in such areas subject to site specific carrying capacity.\" However, it said \"no new tourism infrastructure should be permitted in such core and critical tiger habitat\".dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16843710", "title": "Five govt schemes in state to be linked to Aadhaar card", "text": "JAIPUR: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress party president Sonia Gandhi will visit Dudu on October 20 to launch integration of UID numbers (Aadhaar) along with government-run flagship programmes. During the visit, Singh and Gandhi will also felicitate nine IAS officers from different parts of the country for their commendable work in the Aadhaar cards.The Centre has decided to honour the nine IAS officers of different cadres for their immense contribution in the effective implementation of Aadhaar in their respective districts. The function that marks the second anniversary of the UID project will also have live streaming of Aadhaar-based payments in government sponsored schemes.\"We have received confirmation of the honouring of IAS officers. The list as of now is of nine officers but a final one would be prepared after the approval of special protection group (SPG),\" an official of the Unique Identification Authority of India said.According to the official, the major focus will be the linking of government schemes with the Aadhar's unique identity numbers. Encouraged with the results received in the pilot projects of direct cash subsidy to the beneficiaries, the government is now integrating five of its schemes with the Aadhaar card system. Aadhaar numbers are intended to ensure correct identification of beneficiaries and reduce duplication of records and leakages that mar delivery of subsidies like fertilizers, oil and food, that together account for around Rs 2.5 lakh crore.During the October 20 function, cash transfer to the beneficiaries will be streamed live from five states. The schemes which will be streamed live includes, implementation of UID with NREGA from Ramgarh panchayat in Jharkhand. Kakinada district in east Godvari of Andhra Pradesh will show case the linking of UID with the public distribution system (PDS). Similarly, how Aadhar will function for LPG distribution will be streamed live from Mysore, Karnataka. Also, Augranagabad, in Maharashtra, and Tripura have been selected for a pilot project for the old-age pension scheme.\"In live streaming, we will show how beneficiaries avail the benefits of government schemes through UID. For example in PDS, each ration store will have a detection machine. A beneficiary can receive the subsidized ration only after getting verified through the machine. Only those ration stores will then be credited with the subsidized products who have used the Aadhaar cards,\" an official source said.On the occasion, the prime minister will hand out the Aadhaar card number 21 crore. The person has not been identified so far but whosoever the number will be called on the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16843874", "title": "This year, highest no of CAT takers from Maharashtra", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra has the highest number of CAT (Common Admission Test) takers this year. As many as 31,040 candidates appearing for the ongoing CAT for admissions to the Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs) reside in the state, followed by Uttar Pradesh with nearly 25,270 candidates, and Delhi with 21,507.Of the 2.14 lakh applicants this year, the top five cities of New Delhi (21,224), Bangalore (19,553), Mumbai (16,895), Hyderabad (16,138) and Pune (13,368) constitute around 40.7% of the total registrations. Data released by IIM-Kozhikode, which is organizing the CAT 2012, states an overall increase in numbers across the categories. There is a 4.2% increase in the total number of registrations this year. The IIMs also witnessed around 8.6% growth in the number of girls registering for CAT in 2012. The number of boys taking CAT has gone up by 2.6%.This year, there was an increase in number of candidates having two-three years of experience. As compared to last year, there is a 43% rise in the number of candidates having more work experience. The number of candidates from the non-creamy OBC, SC and ST categories has gone up too. The NC-OBC category saw a growth of 13.3%. \"The shift in candidate pool in terms of gender and social balance, as well as work experience, is a positive indication that our society is becoming more aware of the opportunities available,\" said SSS Kumar, CAT 2012 convenor from IIM-Kozhikode.Candidates from engineering stream, nearly 67.6% form the largest pool of CAT takers, this year too. Around 67.6% students are from the engineering stream.Prometric, the firm that conducts the computer-based CAT, said 9,805 candidates candidates took the test on Monday. Both sessions have concluded and all candidates who started their tests have completed successfully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16848319", "title": "IPS officer goes missing in Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: An IPS officer has gone missing from Tippi in West Kameng district of Arunachal Pradesh when he was on his way to Tawang from Itanagar.Superintendent of police of the Special Investigation Cell in the state police MS Chauhan went missing from Tippi on Tuesday at around 2.30pm when he, along with two of his subordinate staff, was going to Tawang.Chauhan asked inspector Mohan Kaye and constable Vikram Singh of the Special Investigation Cell, who were accompanying him, to drop him at Tippi market and wait for him at a nearby river where he would join them for lunch.There was no information of his whereabouts since then, West Kameng SP T T Lama said.The SP, however, ruled out any possibility of his being kidnapped, arguing that the place where Chauhan got down from the vehicle was a busy area.\"We have launched a search since last night, but no clue on his whereabouts has yet emerged,\" Lama said.A case has been registered in the Bhalukpong police station.The Gauhati high court had appointed Chauhan as the special investigating officer of the multi-crore PDS scam in Arunachal Pradesh in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843369", "title": "Boy stabbed for breaking up quarrel", "text": "NEW DELHI: A schoolboy was stabbed by another in northwest Delhi last week when he tried to break up an argument. Police said two boys have been detained and a case has been registered under IPC Section 324 (voluntarily causing hurt).Police sources said two Class 11 students had an argument a week ago over how one of them managed to score more than the other. \"A close friend of one of the boys intervened and broke up the quarrel. However, on October 12, the other boy planned to teach the peacemaker a lesson along with another student. They waited for the boy outside the school gates. When he came out, they stabbed him with pencil knives in the stomach, and fled,\" said an officer.Police were called by the authorities at Babu Jagjivan Ram Hospital. The victim is stated to be out of danger but under observation. Acting on his statement, northwest district police caught the two assailants.\"We have registered a case of hurt. A probe is on,'' said DCP (northwest) P Karunakaran .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16844680", "title": "Bus service station comes up on parking space!", "text": "NAGPUR: In a brazen violation, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is permitting city bus operator Vansh Nimay Infraprojects Pvt Ltd (VNIL) to utilize public parking space behind Zero Mile square for its service station. The land was reserved for parking and acquired by NMC after granting transfer of development right (TDR).The land bearing khasra No 283, mouza Sitabuldi, measures 1,296 sq mtrs. Information obtained under Right to Information (RTI) Act by activist TH Naidu reveals it was owned by Nashik-based Tarkeshwar Misir (Mishra) and was acquired by NMC granting TDR on December 27, 2008. The area of the acquired land is mentioned as 1,407.28 sq mt and TDR was granted for the same area. Besides, NMC also acquired unbuildable land adjacent to this land, also owned by Misir granting TDR. The area of this land is mentioned as 537.77 sq mtrs and TDR was granted for the same area. The total area of the land comes to 1,945.05 sq mtrs.Bylaws stipulate any land, specially those acquired granting TDR, must be utilized for the purpose mentioned in development plan. The NMC has to amend the plan if it wants to utilize it for any other purpose. Sources told TOI that VNIL was utilizing the land as service station from 2009 without any permission from NMC. \"The standing committee in 2010 passed a proposal and granted the land to city bus operator on lease basis at the rate of Re 1 per sq ft. The NMC's estate department is recovering the lease on this basis.\" The operator is utilizing the land for washing the buses and repairing them including replacing broken windowpanes and glasses.Corporator Praful Gudadhe said, \"If the city bus operator is using it as service station, it is violating the DP.\" Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke too confirmed it was a violation but said it was need of the hour. \"Starbus operator has been allotted land on temporary basis. It was very important to improve the service. The operator will be asked to vacate in coming days. The land is reserved for parking and it would be utilized accordingly,\" he said.\"The land is reserved for parking and is utilized for public purpose itself as city buses too are property of NMC,\" said a senior NMC official.Naidu said citizens were facing great inconvenience due to lack of parking place. \"The land may come as great relief for the citizens coming to these places, especially Zero Mile. The land should be vacated and developed for public parking,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16844863", "title": "BMC: Penalty on sub-engineers won\u2019t be revoked", "text": "MUMBAI: Hardening its stand against its own staff, the civic administration has decided not revoke the penalty levied on sub-engineers for delay in pothole-filling. The decision was taken by municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte and additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta. The fines will not be revoked but there could be a possibility of re-evaluating the fine if the sub-engineers offer a genuine explanation.All 97 sub-engineers have been served a show-cause notice and the chief engineer will give them a hearing. TOI had reported on October 16 that the civic body had slapped a total fine of Rs 1 crore on the sub-engineers from the road department for exceeding 48 hours to attend to a pothole.Even after pressure from the engineers' union to revoke the fine, the civic body has stuck to its decision. The increment of the two executive engineers, who had incited the other engineers to stage a walkout on the chief engineer last week over the penalty issue, will be stopped for insubordination.Additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta said, \"There will be no revocation of the fine on sub-engineers. But we are ready to re-evaluate it by giving them a chance to present their reasons for the delay. Valid reasons like sanctioned leave, reporting of large number of potholes which could not be managed in a day will be definitely taken into consideration while moderating their fine.\"He said the top 10 defaulters will not be spared. He also denied that the problems in the pothole tracking system software led to the delay in pothole repairing. \"The software was working fine,\" he added. Engineers had alleged that glitches in software led to the delay.Meanwhile, president of Maharashtra Navnirman Mahapalika Kamgar Karmachari Sena Dilip Naik said, \"Instead of taking action against senior officials like chief engineer (roads), the sub-engineers are being targeted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16842737", "title": "IAS officer Ashok Khemka shunted out for probing Vadra land deal, opposition fumes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The transfer of senior IAS officer Ashok Khemka after he ordered a probe into Robert Vadra's land deals and later blocked one between Vadra's company and DLF triggered a fresh political war on Tuesday between Congress and BJP. Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda defended removal of the officer and even threatened action against Khemka if he was found to have misrepresented facts.Khemka left office as Haryana's director-general of consolidation of land holdings and land records-cum-inspector general of registration on Monday only after he signed papers cancelling the mutation order (no.4513) in favour of DLF for 3.53 acres at Shikohpur village in Gurgaon district. The land was sold to DLF by Vadra.On Tuesday, he took charge as MD, Haryana Seed Development Corp Ltd. His October 11 transfer order came after he questioned the land deal between Vadra's company Sky Light Hospitality and DLF Universal and also ordered an inquiry.\"I initiated an inquiry on my own on October 8 and told the DCs to begin a probe on October 12. I am not aware what instigated my transfer,\" said Khemka. \"If I have misrepresented facts, I may be prosecuted.\"As India Against Corruption's demand for a probe into Vadra's business deals got shriller, BJP said the transfer was a warning to those who questioned the \"first family\" of Indian politics. \"The transfer is a victimization and exposes the 'emergency mindset\" of the Congress,\" said BJP spokesman Prakash Javadekar.Meanwhile, there were reports of threats to the 1991 batch officer. \"Khemka told me recently he received threat calls in which warnings were given to him,\" said Anupam Gupta, a high court lawyer.Also on Tuesday, Hooda said Khemka's transfer was in accordance with an order of the Punjab and Haryana high court but sources close to Khemka maintained he was targeted for raising suspicion over land deals involving Vadra.The 'mutation' was cancelled as Khemka, who has faced numerous transfers during his career of 20 years and came to be known as a whistleblower, felt the order was issued by an assistant consolidation officer who was not the competent authority to do so. Khemka's order said as per the land revenue act, only a revenue officer can order mutation.He also pointed out other lapses in the deal. Taking note of these, he had ordered an inquiry into the deal on October 12, asking four deputy commissioners of Gurgaon, Faridabad, Palwal and Mewat to probe.Khemka, in his probe order, said Vadra's company bought the 3.53 acre land on February 2, 2008 for Rs 7.5 crore and the same plot was sold to DLF on September 18, 2012 after obtaining a letter of intent (LOI)/licence from the director of town and country planning on March 3, 2008. Of the 3.53 acre, the LOI was renewed for 2.70 acre on January 18, 2011.However, Shikohpur village was re-notified by the Haryana government for land consolidation on August 5, 2011.Khemka maintains that after the village was notified for land consolidation, sale of property on September 18, 2012 without the permission from a consolidation officer was illegal as it went against section 30 of the consolidation Act. Section 30 says transfer of property during the pendency of consolidation proceedings without the sanction of consolidation officer is prohibited.The officer also pointed at the valuation of the land by the officers concerned. In his order, the officer told the four deputy commissioners to inspect all documents pertaining to the land deals of Vadra from January1, 2005 to find out cases of under-valuation of property. The land, bought in 2008 for Rs 7.5 crore, was sold for Rs 58 crore in 2012.Khemka also questioned the way director, town and country planning department, issued the LOI for the land. Immediately after buying the land in February 2008, Vadra's firm had received a cheque of Rs 5 crore from DLF on June 3, 2008. It got three more cheques of Rs 10 crore, Rs 35 crore and Rs 8 crore on March 27, 2009, November 7, 2009 and July 25, 2012 respectively. Khemka claimed Vadra had entered into a sale agreement with DLF on or before June 3, 2008 when he received Rs 5 crore from the realty firm.According to the officer, renewal of the LOI/licence by the town and country planning department on January 18, 2011 in Vadra's name was also not beyond suspicion as by November 7, 2009 over 86% (Rs 50 crore) of the deal amount was paid to Vadra.Khemka asked whether Vadra had suppressed before the town and country planning officer the fact that he entered into a sale agreement for the property much before he applied for the renewal of the LOI/licence in his name. And, if the town and country planning department was aware of the agreement, it should not have issued the renewed LOI/licence in Vadra's name.Times ViewTransfers of government officials because they are inconvenient to those in power are all too common in India. This is not just an irritant or inconvenience for the officer concerned and his or her family. It severely erodes the ability of the bureaucracy to discharge its constitutional duties and hence undermines the quality of governance that can be provided. Commissions and committees on administrative reforms have repeatedly made suggestions on how the bureaucracy can be insulated from malafide political interference, but predictably little has been done to implement these suggestions. Their implementation must be taken up with urgency and sincerity if governance is not to collapse altogether in the days to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "daresi", "code": "16844965", "title": "Daresi\u2019s 80ft Ravana will be state\u2019s tallest", "text": "DARESI: This Dussehra, Ludhiana will stand tall in the state. The city's oldest Ramleela committee of Daresi will ensure a grand celebration with an over 80 foot high Ravana effigy \u2014 which will be the tallest in Punjab. Besides, the effigy will have a special electronic circuit that will help ignite it with a remote control.A 10-member team of Shahganj town, near Agra (Uttar Pradesh), was approached to make this mammoth effigy. \"It will be the biggest effigy, in terms of height, width and weight, in Punjab. And, it will be ignited with a remote control. The other three effigies of Kumbhkaran, Meghnath and Khardushan will be 65 feet tall,\" Asgar Ali, who is leading the team of craftsmen from Shahganj, said.The demon king's 10 heads will be connected electronically with different remote controls and ignited one by one.Daresi Sri Ramleela Committee general secretary Sanjeev Kundra said, \"Earlier, our Ravana effigy was 65 feet high. This time, we wanted to do something new. As our Dussehra is quite popular, we decided to go in for a taller demon king. People here haven't seen such a tall Ravana.\" So, has it been a costly affair? \"Yes, this time we spent more on it than last year, as we wanted a good result. The effigies will have special fireworks which will make the celebration all the more bright,\" he added.After Daresi, Upkar Nagar will have the tallest Ravana (60 feet). At Basant Avenue, Kitchlu Nagar and near bus stand, the effigies will be between 35 and 55 feet. The city will see Dussehra celebration at about 20 places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16847688", "title": "Ek Duje Ke Liye to release in Dussehra", "text": "Dinesh Lal Yadav and Pawan Singh will be seen sharing screen space in 'Ek Duje Ke Liye'. Made under Yashi Films Pvt Ltd and Capital Films Pvt Ltd the movie is scheduled to release this Dussehra. Anil Ajitabh is the director who has won many awards for his direction.South Indian actress Madhu Sharma, Ehsaan Khan and Sangeeta Raman will also be seen in important roles. The movie is a love story with some action.Source : bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16844684", "title": "Railways asked to study bullet train feasibility", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government has asked the Railways to study feasibility of the Mumbai-Nagpur \" bullet train\". Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan sought a report after a presentation by German consulting firm Vossing on Monday.Vossing, appointed by the government in 2009 for a pre-feasibility study, submitted its report a while ago. State finance minister Jayant Patil, a strong advocate of the project, pushed for its implementation during Monday's meeting. The consultants proposed a 1,000-odd km high-speed network covering Mumbai-Navi Mumbai-Pune-Auranga--bad-Nagpur-Beed-Nanded-Yavatmal-Wardha-Nagpur. With trains at a maximum speed of 350 kmph, the corridor is expected to cut Mumbai-Nagpur travel time from 11 hours (Duranto) to four hours. The consultants proposed the corridor could either be track-based or run on magnetic levitation technology.To be completely air-conditioned, the fare would range from Rs 900 to Rs 3,600. However, sources said the Railways are not keen on the project, which is estimated to cost Rs 1.30 lakh crore. Even senior state government functionaries have questions on its viability. However, Patil and his NCP colleague Jaydutt Kshirsagar said the corridor would spur development in these areas and reduce the burden on cities.The consultants proposed the project could be completed in 30 years, with 50% of funding through passenger fare and 20% by running a high-speed container freight service along the route at night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843187", "title": "HC blast: Key witness examined", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Special NIA court continued recording the statement of Amir Abbas Dev who was earlier arrested by the NIA for his alleged role in the Delhi HC blast but later turned approver and was granted pardon by the judge.According to the sources, Dev was confronted with his confessional statement recorded under Section 164 CrPC by a magistrate, in which he had described the sequence of events. The statements recorded by a magistrate under Section 164 of the CrPC binds a person and any deviation during the trial makes him liable to be tried for committing perjury.During an in-camera hearing, district judge H S Sharma examined Dev on the role of Wasim Akram Malik, arrested by the NIA for his alleged role in the Delhi HC attack. In his statement, Dev has claimed that Malik had hatched the conspiracy to plant a bomb outside the Delhi HC and had approached him to find out a person with \"computer knowledge\". It was then that Dev introduced him to a juvenile, also an accused in the case.Two days before the blast, Malik had given him an envelope, containing the details of the e-mail that was to be sent after the blast. \" ...he also told me to tell the juvenile that he should chew the paper containing the contents of the mail after sending the e-mail,\" Dev said in his statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16842857", "title": "B P Acharya gets bail", "text": "HYDERABAD: After spending nearly 7 months in jail, IAS officer and former home secretary B P Acharya is all set to taste freedom on Wednesday. Principal special judge U Durga Prasad Rao of the CBI court on Tuesday granted conditional bail to Acharya, who is accused number one in the Emaar scam case, being probed by the CBI. As the order was pronounced at 4.30 pm and the jail authorities need the release papers to effect his release, Acharya is slated to walk free only on Wednesday.As per the conditions on which he was granted bail, Acharya should stay in the city and appear before the CBI authorities at their Koti office every Friday until further orders. He was also asked to surrender his passport to the court and if not possessing one, file an affidavit stating the same before the court. Apart from these, the bureaucrat was directed to submit two sureties worth Rs one lakh each and was told that he should never tamper with the evidence or witnesses in the case.Acharya was arrested for the first time by the CBI on January 30, 2012, on charges of criminal conspiracy and for causing loss to the state exchequer in the Emaar case while he was the chairman and MD of APIIC.But, as the Centre did not accord permission for his prosecution, the CBI court refused to take cognizance of his role and granted him bail on March 16, 2012.Later, following a petition by the CBI, the HC found fault with the trial court's decision to grant bail to him and cancelled the bail directing him to re-surrender before the trial court. On March 29, Acharya surrendered and was sent to Chanchalguda jail once again.Since the investigation in the Emaar case is almost over, chargesheets have been filed and the CBI could not place any material to substantiate its apprehension that Acharya would tamper with the evidence if released, the judge granted conditional bail to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16843562", "title": "PM Manmohan Singh pledges $50m for biodiversity conservation", "text": "HYDERABAD: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday announced a $50 million grant for biodiversity conservation in India and other developing countries under the 'Hyderabad Pledge' while launching the high level segment of the UN Convention on Biodiversity meeting.The announcement came on a day Union environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan called a closed-door meeting of select countries to break the logjam on lack of commitment from developed countries to fund the conservation targets decided under the convention.On Monday, talks on mobilizing money had to be suspended with Japan and Canada playing the main spoilers. Talks on how and where even a small amount as an interim arrangement would materialize for the short-term fell through with Namibia walking out in exasperation. The negotiations on this front had to be suspended for a day in order to find a way out.Sources in the negotiations told TOI that the developed countries continued to insist that a detailed baseline be prepared for how much funds already existed and how much more was required before they pledged any of their own for an international effort to reduce the rate of biodiversity loss. Developing countries saw this as a ruse to not promise any funds at the Hyderabad meet, and consequently delay their obligations at least by a year.Natarajan's meeting with key countries representing the blocs and groupings of nations ensured an easing of tension as countries decided to go back to the negotiating table on the vexed issue of conjuring up the money.Speaking later in the day at a side event, Natarajan said, \"A huge financial gap exists to manage biodiversity-related issues.\"Addressing the full UN meet, she had said, \"Resource mobilization is the most important unfinished agenda (from last year). I urge the parties to CBD to agree to some measures, commitments and targets on resource mobilization, even if on an interim basis.\"She added, \"If we are not able to agree to any measures on resource mobilization, then four out of the ten-year period would have gone, making it all the more difficult to achieve the targets by 2020. This will be our collective failure.\"The prime minister's speech also caught attention with his specific reference to rights of farmers to free use of seeds and reiteration of the Forest Rights Act.He said, \"Indian farmers have always believed in the free use of seeds. The Protection of Plant Varieties and Farmers' Rights' Act of India confers intellectual property to farmers through registration of seed varieties.\" The particular Act is seen as being at variance with the seed bill by many.The PM further said, \"The challenge going forward is to develop new models of inclusive conservation. In India, we have legislated a Forest Rights Act that lends legal sanctity to the rights of forest dwellers, who are often the best friends of the biodiversity that resides in these magnificent forests.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16845019", "title": "Goddess Durga\u2019s \u2018rudraksha\u2019 idol pulls crowds at Gita Mandir", "text": "LUDHIANA: Navaratra are here and has the whole city is caught in the festive mood, with temples decorated and women set to play \"garba\" to welcome Goddess Durga.The city temples too have left no stone unturned to add extra glitz and colour to celebrations for the residents who are coming in large numbers to pay their obeisance.The Gita Mandir in Vikas Nagar, has made an idol of Durga with 51,000 rudraksha, especially for the nine-day long festival. General secretary of Gita Mandir, Pardeep Dhall, said, \"We called in artist Ramakant from Bihar for making an idol with rudraksha.\"Detailing the rudraksha seed used to make the idol, he said, \"The artist has used 'panch mukhi rudraksha' (five faced) \u2014 it is believed that the 'panch mukhi rudraksha' has always come forth in the form of a guiding angel for the welfare of mankind as a gift from Lord Shiva.\" The rudraksha was especially brought in from Haridwar to make the idol here. Pardeep added that 108 \"jyotis\" (lamps) will also be lit and these would burn continuously for all the nine days of the festival.It is not only the lights and idol that have set the mood for the festival. Another big attraction for the residents will be the flying Hanuman at the temple along with a signature campaign for the girl child. \"This year the theme of Navaratra is 'Save the girl child' and for this a special signature campaign is being held during the festive days,\" added Dhall.Bobby Prabhakar of SKS Nagar, said, \"I have especially come to see the rudraksha idol \u2014 it indeed is an amazing piece of art.\"In Govind Go Dham temple a special \"kanyaka pujan\" will be organized every day of Navaratra. \"Special worship of cows would also be organized on daily basis,\" said, Sunder Das Dhamija, chairman of the Govind Godham Trust.Other temples in the city, including Durga Mata Mandir near Jagraon Bridge, Nav Durga Mata Mandir in Sarabha Nagar, Durga Mata Mandir in BRS Nagar and Lakshmi Narayan Mandir in BRS Nagar, Krishna Mandir in Model Town and Model Town Extension are also teaming with activity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16845255", "title": "Puja organizers flout safety norms", "text": "PATNA: The huge welcome arches and pandals erected for the coming Durga Puja by encroaching city roads and pavements are causing difficulties to Patnaites.According to guidelines issued by the district administration and law enforcement agencies, puja committees should not erect any pandal by encroaching roads and near any high-tension wire or transformer. But puja organizers are openly flouting the rules and no checking drive has been conducted by the authorities concerned to ensure compliance with the norms.The pandals and welcome arches erected near Dak Bungalow crossing, Kidwaipuri, Digha road, Ashok Rajpath, Naya Tola, Rajendra Nagar, Gardanibagh, Patel Nagar, Kadamkuan, Machuatoli and Patna City area are blatantly violating the guidelines. The big budget puja pandals are causing traffic congestion during the pre-puja days. While tent house consignments block traffic for days, poles erected to facilitate puja lighting and sound further compound woes.The district administration had directed the puja samites just two days back to ensure proper safety and security of puja pandals, but several pandals erected in highly-congested areas are giving a damn to these directives.A number of puja pandals at PWD Durga Puja Committee, Buddha Marg, Adalatganj Durga Puja Committee, Beerchand Patel Path, Gulzarbagh Durga Puja Committee, R-Block Durga Puja Committee and other places have not only been installed in congested, serpentine lanes, some of them have been erected right below entangled and hanging electric wires, violating the safety guidelines. Some pandals have been installed adjacent to power transformers, like in the busy Birla Mandir Road and Sultanganj area, raising fears of fire.Most pandals are yet to make arrangements for sand and water to tackle possible fire incidents. Some pandals have only one common entry and exit gate and that too, not wide enough.The pandal at Bari Path, near Hathwa market, has been erected on footpath while its main gate covers a portion of the main road in the busy market area.\"This is one of the major markets of the city with a large number of shops. People throng the place in large numbers in the evening. As one part of the footpath is completely encroached upon by the puja committee, people park their vehicles on the other side, making the whole area congested,\" said Vinod Das, a shipowner of Hathwa market.Sharad Seth, a resident of Gardanibagh area, said, \"Durga Puja will be followed by Laxmi puja and Diwali. Eateries will mushroom along the roads. As a result, traffic flow will be hampered, giving commuters a harrowing time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16845396", "title": "Lokmanya Tilak Terminus to replace Dadar as outstation hub", "text": "MUMBAI: Dadar will cease to be a station for long-distance trains in five or six years, by when Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (LTT) will be upgraded from five to 12 platforms to bear Dadar's load. At present, Dadar serves eight long-distance trains. \"Platform lengths at Dadar cannot be increased because of space constraints, preventing us from running longer trains,\" said a Central Railway (CR) official.The Railway Board has accepted a proposal by CR to upgrade LTT, which \"will bring facilities there on a par with that at the airport, though on a smaller scale\", the official said. \"It will have seamless connectivity with other modes of transport. There will be a mall, multi-storey parking, escalators, restaurants, food courts, better signage and indicators, budget hotels and an aesthetically pleasing exterior and interior.\"The project will be implemented on public-private partnership (PPP) at an estimated cost of Rs 5,000-6,000 crore. It will be executed by the Railway Land Development Authority by using 20 acres of land that CR possesses around LTT.Income will be generated by FSI sale and lease rent from the bid winner.\"A call for expression of interest for the project is likely to be issued within six months,\" said CR general manager Subodh Jain. Construction work is likely to begin in 18 months, by when the tendering process is expected to be over.The railways aim to time the bidding process with the opening of the Santacruz-Chembur Link Road (SCLR), which will improve east-west connectivity, providing quick access to LTT. \"We are confident of receiving premium quotes in bids. After all, LTT is located in the heart of Mumbai,\" a CR official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16846371", "title": "Can Seshan stem the rot?", "text": "CHENNAI: For the third time in the last 30 years , one of the oldest educational trusts in the country has had to be taken over by someone from outside the trust-thistimeformer chief election commissioner T N Seshan - in an attempt to fan the embers of its past glory to life. All indications point to a rot at the top , which has seeped down to affect faculty and students .The 170-year-old Pachaiyappa's Trust is among the wealthiest in the country, with assets worth an estimated 5,600 crore . Much could have been done with the funds available to develop the colleges attached to the trust, but faculty and alumni of the institution said that for most administrators of the trust the temptation to take advantage of their position was bigger than the duties.Academics and alumni of the colleges run by the trust said that each time a new set of people took the reins, they expected them to pull the trust out of the depth it had sunk into. \"Neither the respective boards of trustees nor agencies that took up responsibility during interim periods could salvage the colleges. Most of them were only interested in lining their pockets,\" said alumnus and former professor of Pachaiyappa'sCollegeMunikrishnan. Thetrustsitson a cashdepositof 120crore. Another 28 crore was added recently after land for the metro rail project was acquired from the trust. They have been deposited in various accounts, but not even the interest accrued has been used to make the much-needed changes in the infrastructure of the colleges and hostels under the trust.Political interference played its part in the institution's downward spiral. The 2009 elections were marred by charges of bogus voting and politicking. Stability was the casualty of infighting among the board members. Faculty members of the six colleges complained that any issue requiring the full attention of the boardonly evinced a responsefrom some membersof theboard,withsome members remaining absent because they did not want to meet others. \"There has been no coordination among the members for years, so no policy decisions were taken,\" said a member of the Association of University Teachers (AUT).Even before three members of the board, including presidentMKLoganathan, resigned last month all the members of the board could not get along long enough to take important decisionslike appointing principalsfor thecolleges. Chairperson of the AUT unit of Pachaiyappa's College professor, V M M R Andavar, said that what the trust need now were administrators with integrity and a transparent mode of functioning to give the colleges a makeover and students confidence and pride in their institution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16844893", "title": "Car runs over three persons in Morena", "text": "BHOPAL: Three persons, including two tribal women, were run over by a car in Morena district on Tuesday. The car driver, after hitting a motorist, was trying to escape when he ran over the three.The incident took place on Gwalior road - about 9 km from the district headquarters - at 11.30 am, when a motorist was hit by a car. Panicked by the accident, the car driver tried to escape, running over two women who were walking along the roadside.The victims were identified as Raju Sharma (41) resident of Morena, Parwati Bai (40) and Ramko (61). Raju was rushed to district hospital by the local residents where he died after a couple of hours.The two women, who were residents of Morena, died on the spot. Eyewitness said, two persons inside the car also sustained injuries. The car was found abandoned after a few kilometre from the spot. Police have registered a case against the unidentified persons in this matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16844290", "title": "Disabled people protest against Salman Khurshid", "text": "RANCHI: A group of disabled people under the banner of Jharkhand Vikalang Sangh (JVS) took out a procession and burnt the effigy of Union law minister Salman Khurshid to protest against the alleged fraud by his family-managed Zakir Hussain Trust.The protest march began from Mahatma Gandhi's statue in Morhabadi ground and ended at Albert Ekka Chowk here.JVS president Narayan Kumar Mahato said the alleged fraud done by the Trust was just the tip of an iceberg. \"There are large numbers of fake NGOs operating in the state. We also don't get what is promised by them. The monthly pension of Rs 400 which we get from the state government also gets delayed,\" said Mahato. Each disabled person in the state is entitled for a monthly pension of Rs 400.Sanjay Sahu, a person in his mid 20s, claimed that he was recently taken to Jaipur by an NGO called Mukti Sansthan, which operates from Kantatoli area, with a promise to give him a tricycle. But he returned empty- handed. \"I work in a roadside eatery to eke out a livelihood but when the person who approached me for a free tricycle and treatment at a hospital in Jaipur, I went with him. After going there, I realized that the man had taken me along with seven other people from different places was making false claims. Finally, after staying there for one week I took a train and returned to Ranchi,\" said Sahu.He claimed that the others also returned to Ranchi without getting any benefit from the NGO or the hospital at Jaipur. \"After returning to Ranchi when I went to look for the office of Mukti Sansthan at Kantatoli, people there said those who operated it have left the place long ago,\" said Sahu.SB Srivastava, who runs a coaching class n the same building for the past couple of years, said very often people came to his office and inquire about Mukti Sansthan by seeing the board. \"Every time I give them only one answer that no such organization functions from the place,\" said Srivastava.JVS president said there were at least 100 NGOs like Mukti Sansthan which take advantage of innocence of unlettered people. \"Every time they get an opportunity to cheat innocent people, they take maximum advantage,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16843073", "title": "US visa processing goes online", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: To streamline the visa process worldwide, the US embassy and consulates across India are implementing a new visa processing system that standardises procedures and simplifies fee payment and appointment scheduling through the website www.ustraveldocs.com/in. Under the new process, more applicants will be able to complete visa requirements without having to visit the US embassy or the consulate.As per the new process, US visa applicants can now pay application fees via electronic fund transfer (EFT) or through mobile. They can also pay in cash at more than 1,800 Axis Bank branches, said chief of consular services, Martha J Hass, at a press meet here on Tuesday and added that it however, doesn't change the visa laws. The new system allows first-time applicants to schedule appointments online or by phone and allows companies and travel agents to purchase multiple fee receipts for group travel and it accommodates the scheduling of group and emergency appointments.Visa applicants can contact via telephone, email or online chat. The call centres will be open from 8 am to 8 pm from Monday to Friday and 9 am to 6 pm on Saturday. The numbers are 91-120-660-2222 or 91-22-6720-9400 in India or 1-310-616-5424 in the US. Applicants can email in English or Hindi at supportindia@ustraveldocs.com or can directly chat with the persons concerned from the consulate's website www.ustraveldocs.com/in during call centre hours.Another change is that applicants also can make two appointments.Prior to their visa interviews, applicants will have to visit an offsite facilitation centre (OFC) to submit their fingerprints and a photo to speed up applicant processing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16844286", "title": "Yamuna e-way region master plan passed", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Paving way for major urban development work in the region around the Yamuna Expressway, which connects Greater Noida with Agra, the NCR Planning Board has approved the first phase of the Master Plan 2031 of the Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority (YEIDA). According to the master plan, the Authority will develop the area up to Jewar, which will include 584 sq km of Gautam Budh Nagar and Bulandshahr districts in phase-I.The plan has now been forwarded to the Uttar Pradesh state government for final approval after which it will be implemented.As per the Master Plan 2031, the population in the Yamuna Expressway area will be around 35 lakh in the next two decades. The Authority, therefore, has proposed residential development in a total area of 25,000 hectares. The plan includes 18 group housing units, whereby plots between 100 and 200 acres have been allotted by the Authority to private developers along with another 21,000 individual plots. The plan for phase-I also plans to connect the region with others through expressways like the Eastern Peripheral Expressway and the Ganga Expressway. A 130m-wide railroad corridor connecting it with Khurja in Bulandshahr and Palwal in Haryana has been planned.To connect the sectors with adjoining regions such as Khurja, Bulandshahr and Palwal, the Authority has proposed to construct a 120m-wide road. The roads connecting YEIDA sectors with Greater Noida and Noida will be 130 metres wide. The Authority has also allocated more than 20 sectors for commercial development.Other salient features of phase-I of the plan include a \"world class\" Sports City, an inter-state bus terminus, a transport nagar, two power generation plants, each having a capacity of 2,000 megawatts and procurement of Ganga water for residents.\"The area between Greater Noida and Jewar covered in the first phase of the master plan includes 133 villages spread across an area of 58,000 hectares. Twenty-five percent of this area has been earmarked as dedicated green area, 20% has been earmarked for industrial development and 9% for institutional development. The master plan proposes a holistic development plan for the entire area with an emphasis on setting up industrial hubs,\" a senior Authority official said.According to officials, the second phase of the master plan will cover the area between Jewar and Agra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16844968", "title": "Developers crib about long process for getting permissions", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic body's policy that seeks to impose penalties on developers and even cancel projects if redevelopment of its properties is not completed within deadline evoked mixed reactions from experts and developers.Sunil Mantri, chairman of Mantri Realty and member of the real estate committee of the Indian Merchants' Chamber, complained about one clause that pushed up the revalidation charges of a letter of intent from Rs 1,000 per year to Rs 5 lakh if a developer failed to process the intimation of disapproval (IOD) and commencement certificate (CC) within a year. It's often not possible to get the IOD and CC on time, he said.\"Once LOI is issued, the developer prepares the project details and has to go to various authorities for permissions, like the highrise committee, for environment clearance, fire brigade, etc. This burden cannot be passed on to the builder as the government doesn't work within a time frame. Completing any building takes three-five years and getting IOD may be slightly easier, but procuring a CC is most difficult as it needs various clearances. There should be a stipulation on various authorities to clear the proposals in time,\" he added.Architect P K Das said: \"Timely completion will help check... cost escalation. In most BMC projects, the final cost is three times that the original cost. So basically, it is a step towards professionalizing the implementation process.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16844722", "title": "Goons with guns a new headache for Nagpur police", "text": "NAGPUR: City police now have a tough job on hand with the offences involving firearms on the rise, the latest being registered at Gittikhadan police station in early hours of Monday. With Vijay Thawkar's murder case yet to be detected in convincing manner, latest challenge underlined the fact that police have a major concern regarding firearms being smuggled into city by criminals.Mohan Pandey was shot from close range while in sleep at his residence at Surendragarh in Seminary Hills by former accused of Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act ( MCOCA) Suryaprakash Tiwari, alias Pinku, who was accompanied by his elder brother Pushpendra, Sanath Tandon, Sultan Khan and others. Police arrested Pushpendra, Tandon and Khan. The cops have seized a country-made revolver and a live cartridge. Main culprit Pinku is still at large. Pandey, sleeping with blanket on, received injury on his right hand. Police said Pinku had attacked Pandey over an old enmity.In 2011, Pinku and others had attacked Pandey with a sharp weapon but he was lucky to survive. Once a mentor to Pinku, it is learnt through police sources that Pandey is now bitter rival of the goon. Pinku, who has 11 offences against him including murder, is also close to a section of detection branch wing of Gittikhadan police. In September last year, Pinku was nabbed with an accomplice by Gittikhadan police station with a pistol and two live cartridges. Pinku had got bail in that case. He was held again with arms last December.Under protection of some cops, Pinku was engaged in extortion and other illegal activities. City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay said the proposal to slap Pinku with Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities Act was being finalized when the incident took place. \"We have certain formalities to complete before stringent Acts are slapped against criminals,\" he said.Though Hudkeshwar police have made one arrest in the murder of sarafa trader Thawkar, more people involved in the case are yet to be nabbed. According to cops, criminals now prefer firearms over sharp weapons. Illegal arms dealer from Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh are smuggling firearms into the city. Last year, a murder had taken place at Ganeshpeth when a deal in firearms had gone wrong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16844930", "title": "Getting marriage registered a year after wedding not easy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Married for a year and have not got your marriage registered? Well, you are up for a tedious task if you want to get the wedding registered in Chandigarh. According to the new rules, couples who do not approach the deputy commissioner's office within a year of tying the nuptial knot will have to seek approval from the home department.As per the new rules under the Compulsory Marriage Registration Act, 2008, of Haryana adopted by Chandigarh, the condition is applicable to marriages solemnized before notification of the Act.\"It is such a cumbersome procedure. First, we had to wait in a long queue to appear before the tehsildar and then the case went to UT secretariat, where we had to be available for physical verification. Two set of norms for those who get marriages registered within or after one year makes no sense. Our case is still pending after a week of applying for marriage registration,\" said a couple at the DC office \u2014 who have been married for over a year \u2014 requesting anonymityAccording to the new rules, couples who do not approach the deputy commissioner's office within a year of tying the nuptial knot will have to seek approval from the home department.Ranjit, a resident of Sector 48 said, \"A marriage certificate is a valid document and most couples wake up to its utility a year later. The procedure should be simplified by making it online for the convenience of the general public. A single window system would also be helpful as more and more couples are applying for it.\"According to the Act, \"Any marriage of which delayed information is given to the registrar (DC) after one year of its solemnization shall be registered only with the written permission of the chief registrar and on payment of such fee along with such fine as may be prescribed and on production of an affidavit attested by notary public or magistrate justifying the cause of delay made.\"UT joint secretary, home, M M Sabharwal said while the DC is the competent authority for registration of marriages, in case one year has lapsed from the date of wedding, the case has to go to the chief marriage registration officer, which is the home secretary. But the case has to be routed through the DC office only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16844908", "title": "Educationist-realtor Dayananda Pai shot at", "text": "BANGALORE: Two bike-borne men fired at educationist, builder and real estate entrepreneur P Dayananda Pai's car in Bangalore on Tuesday. The 67-year-old and his driver, Siddaraju, escaped unhurt as the bullet-proof black Bentley's windows had been rolled up, police said.Notorious Bangalore criminal Hebbat Manja, believed to be currently in Thailand, is suspected to be involved in the attack.Pai, founder of real estate company Century Real Estate whose asset value is over $2 billion, was coming from his office. The car came down the city's National College flyover to the Vani Vilas Road and entered Bull Temple Road in front of Ramakrishna Mission. At the circle, two bikes, which had been tailing Pai, moved to either side of the car.The pillion-rider of the bike on the car's right side fired at the driver's window, while the one on the left opened fire at the rear window. Pai, who initially thought his car was being stoned, later realized that they were fired at.The Bentley then entered the nearby BMS College of Engineering campus where police were called. The car with bullet marks on its windows has been sent for forensic examination.The bullets were not found at the spot. Pai is a trustee of BMS College of Engineering. Police suspect four men were involved in the attack and said Pai hadn't caught a glimpse of the attackers.Minutes before the attack, Pai had received a call on his mobile, police commissioner Jyothi Prakash Mirji said. The caller identified himself as Hebbat Manja, who asked Pai why the realtor was not heeding his word and letting go off a piece of land. Pai told police he asked Manja who he was but the call got cut.A few seconds later, Manja called again and told Pai he'd spoken to his brother, Satish Pai, and issued a warning. The line got cut again, Mirji said. Minutes later, the shooting happened. Pai told police he neither knew Manja nor the piece of land he referred to.Pai has been given police protection. The probe into the shooting has been handed over to the Central Crime Branch of city police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843371", "title": "Two-year-old falls into drain, dies", "text": "NEW DELHI: In another case of civic negligence, a two-year-old boy lost his life after falling into a drain in Aman Vihar, outer Delhi. Though locals claimed that the drain - two-foot wide and three-foot deep - is maintained by one of the municipal corporations, cops said the ownership is yet to be established. A case of death due to negligence has been registered but no one has been named in the FIR.The boy, Aditya, slipped out of the house on Monday evening. His father, Sudhir, had gone to Chapra for work while his pregnant mother was at home. His body was recovered on Tuesday morning.Times ViewMunicipal authorities should be held responsibleOur municipal authorities just never seem to learn despite repeated tragedies of this sort caused by their negligence. And they will not learn as long as they are not made to pay a price for it. We have consistently held that in such cases where their negligence leads to loss of life or limb, they must be made to pay compensation to the victim's family. The sum must not be less than Rs 10 lakh. Further, it is necessary that the MCD fix individual responsibility for the negligence. The official or officials found responsible must then be made to pay a portion of the compensation amount. They must also face prosecution for criminal negligence. Only with such tough action will a culture of greater responsibility in our civic bodies be inculcated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16845743", "title": "Exhibitions to promote khadi held", "text": "VARANASI: As many as six exhibitions of khadi and village industry products will be organised by divisional office of Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC) from October 15 to promote small-scale industries and entrepreneurs.Nodal officer, KVIC, Varanasi, Gopalji said that the five-day exhibitions will be held in Azamgarh, Ballia, Jaunpur, Ambedkar Nagar, Pratapgarh and Sant Ravidas Nagar.KVIC has provided a grant of Rs 679.69 lakh in 2011-2012 to entrepreneurs to start own venture in khadi and village industry products under the Pradhanmantri Rozgar Srijan programme of the union ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises.Divisional office of KVIC has set a target of providing grant of Rs 779.46 lakh to people in 2012-2013. As many as 31 persons from Jaunpur and 27 persons from Pratapgarh have been selected to provide financial assistance while process of selection is still on in 11 other districts.Under this programme, after the selection process, a subsidy of 25 per cent or 35 per cent is given to him or her, 10 per cent of the amount required to set up industry is to be paid by them while remaining amount is being paid via banks. KVIC member Indresh Vikram Singh also visited the divisional office on Monday. A target of providing job opportunities to as many as 4,05,000 people has been set.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "16843469", "title": "HC stays auction of Shirdi temple offerings", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Aurangabad bench of the Bombay High Court on Tuesday stayed the auction of some of the valuable items offered by devotees at the Sai Baba temple in Shirdi. The valuables include 32 gold and 30 silver articles, diamonds and other precious stones.The committee had planned to auction the silver articles on October 18, gold items on November 1 and precious stones on November 8. The gold articles include a crown with precious stones, bangles with pearls and chains, while the silver articles include a chariot, crowns and a statue of Sai Baba.Rajendra Gondkar of Rahata and Sandeep Kulkarni of Shrirampur taluka in Ahmednagar district had moved the high court against the auction bid, arguing that neither tender notices were published in the newspapers nor prior permission of the high court was sought.The Shri Saibaba Sansthan Trust's interim management committee had issued an advertisement for the auction on October 9 on the trust's official website, the petitioners' lawyer, Satish Talekar, said. However, no concrete reason was provided for the auction, he claimed.The bench, comprising Justices Naresh H Patil and A B Chowdhary, also directed the interim committee not to take any major financial decision in future without prior permission of the HC.The petitioners said that since the existing committee was appointed by the HC as an interim arrangement, it could not take financial decisions without prior permission. \"The high court, in its order dated April 26 and May 5 this year, had made it clear that the present committee cannot be permitted to open bids and award contracts without permission,\" said Talekar.On March 30 this year, the Aurangabad bench had granted an interim stay on the state government order appointing a new board of trustees for the trust. The bench, then comprising Justices Bhushan Gavai and Sunil P Deshmukh, had directed the principal judge Ahmednagar, chief executive officer of the Shirdi trust and the Ahmednagar district collector to take over the management of the trust affairs until the government constituted a new committee in accordance with the April 30, 2010 HC directive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16844045", "title": "District administration stops restoration of Satkhanda", "text": "LUCKNOW: The repair and restoration work of Nawabi period monument Satkhanda has been stopped. A decision to this effect was taken by the Lucknow district administration. District magistrate, Anurag Yadav said, \"The work has been stopped for a while. We are reviewing the money spent so far, besides preparing an estimate of the money needed for the entire work. For this, we have sought the help of Archaeological Survey of India's Lucknow chapter.\" He added that step has been taken to generate funds for the undertaking remaining repair work in one go.However, the DM could not tell as to when the repair work will resume. The development comes as a bad news for those trying to restore the monument. A visit to the place is enough to gather the reasons. Thick grass has already made roots on the edges of the monument and in the open area, and stray animals can be seen roaming in the place.Satkhanda, was constructed by the third King of Awadh, Mohd Ali Shah in 1837. It was meant for moon sighting by the clerics, as Muslims celebrate their festivals based on lunar calendar. However, Mohd Ali Shah died in 1842 and his descendants took the under-constructed Satkhanda tower as a bad omen. So, the monument was left unfinished. In 2007, the place was a safe haven for drug peddlers and rag pickers.Restoration work was undertaken by Hussainabad and Allied Trust (HAT) with the help of Lucknow administration in 2008. Encroachment was removed and a boundary wall constructed around it on the land which was left by the grabbers. The work stalled in the end of 2009, and could resume only in 2011. In June, an expert group in structural engineering from IIT Kharagpur inspected the site to find out if the monument could be completed or not, and a positive indication.Further financial allocations for maintenance of the Hussainabad Clock Tower have also been stopped. Maintenance of the clock is essential to ensure that it continues to tick.The Hussainabad Clock Tower is claimed to be the tallest in India and considered next only to London's Big Ben. It was constructed by Nawabs of Avadh between 1882-87 to mark the arrival of George Couper, the first lieutenant-governor of United Provinces of Avadh and North West. It is a marvel created by James William Benson - who made clocks for the Queen of England. Attempts to get the clock tower functional began in 1999.But they all failed, one of them made in year 2004 proved fatal. This time, the person hired for purpose fled with crucial parts. The trust and Lucknow administration began again in 2009 and got in touch with the Anglo Swiss company. Experts from the company came in and said that it was impossible to repair the clock as the missing spares were not available.In January 2010, the administration decided to replace the old clock. But a duo came forward asking for one last attempt. They began their work on April 13 and were able to repair the clock and make it functional on October 28, 2010. Three months later, all clocks started working.Thereafter, the engineers started project's second phase wherein gongs and chimes were the focus. The task was accomplished last year.Restoration work was undertaken by Hussainabad and Allied Trust (HAT) with the help of Lucknow administration in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16845213", "title": "Jyoti Randhawa hopes to add one more to his three titles in Indian Open", "text": "MUMBAI: Having sustained a back injury mid-September during training, Jyoti Randhawa had to miss out on a possible title defence of the CG Open earlier this month.But a week's rest and a few physiotherapy sessions were enough to help him recover and register a tied ninth finish in the BILT Open the following week. The Delhi-based professional now seeks a fruitful return to the Karnataka Golf Association (KGA) course after 2005 -- where his last professional win came in the Hero Honda Southern Open -- when he tees off at the $1.25-million Indian Open on Thursday.\"I am totally fit and raring to go. It was just a muscle sprain, nothing to worry about. My game is pretty good after four months of rigorous practice. It's only about handling the tournament pressure. Am hoping for a good week here and looking forward to compete against Ryder Cup star Peter Hanson ,\" the three-time Indian Open winner told TOI from Bangalore.Randhawa, who is paired with Filipino Angelo Que and Chinnarat Phadungsil of Thailand in the first round, was happy with the course conditions. \"The course looks in great shape. I didn't play a practice round today but spent an hour each on the driving range and the putting green. I am looking forward to a good result,\" said Randhawa, who has not had a good finish in the Indian Open after successive victories in 2006 and 2007. The 40-year-old missed the cut last year and ended tied 17th in 2010.The eight-time Asian Tour champion, who recently shifted to his new house in Gurgaon, is targeting an improved ranking by year-end. \"Now that the house part is done with, I can focus totally on golf. I would be playing in the Singapore Open and Hong Kong Open after this and hope to have a good finish there,\" he added", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16843787", "title": "Rajasthan State Road Transport Corporation to get 27 more buses, new time table", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan State Road Transport Corporation (RSRTC) winter session time table came into effect from October 16. In the new time-table almost 200 long routes have been broken down to sub-routes while trips per bus have been increased. The roadways is also planning to start 27 new buses and services to Amritsar and Nainital in the coming days.However, the new schedule for the roadways has created problems for long distance commuters. To reduce the losses the management decided to break the 200 routes which will force the passengers to take 2-3 buses on these routes. Also the interstate buses running on contractual basis will now be taken off from the services.\"The routes have been made short so that losses that we are incurring can be brought down. Services have not been stopped on the essential routes, it is just that operations have been changed a little. We will monitor the situation and will review it after two weeks,\" said a senior official of Rajasthan roadways.\"Earlier our buses were making 1,18,866 trips which hardly provided time for their maintenance. We have now reduced it to 12,101 and will ensure that they can be maintained properly\" said sources.With the new time table the buses for Delhi will be available after every 6 minutes, for Agra every 15 minutes, Ajmer every 2 minutes and for Sikar the frequency will be every 4 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16845708", "title": "Traffic load increases with Navratra", "text": "VARANASI: Traffic load had increased after the commencement of Navratra from Tuesday. The traffic police accuse other departments as well as people of non-cooperation.The presence of SP traffic GN Khanna at Cantonment railway station crossing with stick in his hand to regulate traffic was enough to reveal how the chaotic picture. He told TOI that traffic diversions and restriction on vehicular movement on different routes would be made effective from the fifth and seventh days of Navratra. With the beginning of festive season, a sudden influx of vehicles from neighbouring districts as well as states had started which increased the traffic load, he added.Despite increase in the number of vehicles, the vehicular movement is not being stopped or diverted from anywhere. He said that cops are utilising their resources to regulate the traffic and crowd. Encroachment and parking of vehicles roads is affecting traffic regulation exercise badly.Almost all the roads become crowded since morning. Lack of parking space further compounds the situation. Khanna said that the traffic police had identified 27 points to create parking zones but the Varanasi Municipal Corporation did not show interest in it.He said that the Varanasi Development Authority had also been asked to ensure action against commercial building owners who are misusing the parking zones for commercial gains. The traffic police have no right to initiated action against defaulters. Khanna said that temporary road dividers have been created as part of an exercise to streamline traffic.A blue print to initiate measures like removing police booths from places such as Chowk, construction of road dividers, removal of encroachment and other works had been prepared. He said that the work on it would start after seeking nod of SSP BD Paulson. Shardiya Navratra begins with religious fervourReligious fervour marked the beginning of Shardiya Navratra on Tuesday. Scores of devotees throng in Shailputri temple in Alaipur area to get a glimpse of the deity who is believed to be worshipped on the first day of Navratra.Devotees started assembling at almost all prominent Durga temples in the city from early dawn on Tuesday to welcome the arrival of the Goddess. Similarly, special puja was also performed in prominent temples including Kashi Vishwanath Temple and Sankat Mochan on the first day of Navratra festivity.Meanwhile, a number of shops selling chunari (the traditional colourful clothing offered to the deity), coconut, and puja articles saw brisk sale of the devotional articles on the occasion. A number of devotees also observed fast on the opening day of Navratra. Besides, major temples, mutts, and market places were found decorated with colourful lights. Special puja was also performed at puja pandals at Townhall, Daranagar, Gai ghat, and various other places where the face of the idols have been opened for worshipping. Meanwhile, rituals of kalash sthapna and special prayers were also performed at Vishawanath temple of Banaras Hindu University (BHU).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16844918", "title": "\u2018Exorbitant\u2019 Mantralaya revamp bids to be scrutinized", "text": "MUMBAI: A high-powered committee, headed by chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia, on Tuesday ordered a detailed scrutiny of all the bids received for the Mantralaya revamp project.It has directed the public works department (PWD) to carry out a rate analysis of each item mentioned in the bid document. Sources revealed that the scrutiny exercise will be carried out for all the three bidders.While the government had estimated Rs 110 crore as the overall cost for the project, the project's first bid, meant for the biggest component of the work, which was opened on Friday, witnessed costs exceeding Rs 160 crore.The lowest bidder, Unity Infraprojects, has quoted Rs 163 crore, a staggering 48% above the project cost estimate. Other bidders Shapoorji Pallonji (Rs 167 crore) and Larsen and Toubro (Rs 177 crore) quoted bids that were 52% and 61% high respectively.The PWD, on Saturday, sought a review report from project's consulting architect Raja Aederi, who had worked out the original estimates. The bids along with Aederi's analysis were placed before the committee on Tuesday.It was found that the rates quoted for civil works were way above the estimates. Especially, the cement concrete works were found to be much higher than the estimates. Similarly, bids for the IBMS and fire-fighting equipment were much higher.An explanation was sought from Aederi, who reportedly stood by his estimates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16848495", "title": "Target Kolkata launches its music", "text": "'Target Kolkata', an action film which has an interesting storyline had its music launch at Tollygunge Club recently. The movie will see the 'rebirth' of Arindam Roy, the hero (formerly known as Rishi who has acted in many Bengali and Oriya films in the past). Like the film's storyline, even the cast of the film is quite interesting. The film stars Arindam Roy, Bidita Bag, Subrat Dutta, Sreela Majumdar, Suhasini Mulay (yes, the Suhasini Mulay of Bhuvan Shome fame), Boddhisatta Majumdar, Prasun Gayen, Jagannath Guha, Rana Mitra, Arindam Sil and others.The film has been directed by Kartick Singh who has also written the story and screenplay. It has been produced by Shyamol Biswas and presented by SRB Films 2011. The dialogues are by Sounava Bose while the cinematographers are Bibhu Das and Sandip Das. M.Sushmit is the editor while the art director is Amit Dutta. Shantanu Paul is the action director while Debraj Ghosal is the choreographer.The film has 7 songs which have been composed by Nayan Bhattacharya and Dron Acharya and have been penned by Banibrata Mukherjee and Anindya Bose. The playback singers for the film are Somchanda Bhattacharya, Sujoy Bhowmick, Rupam Islam, Sunidhi Chauhan, Nayan Bhattacharya, Alka Yagnik, Kunal Ganjawala, Diya Roychoudhury and Moumita Patra.Source : gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16845439", "title": "Health checks may not be very effective: Study", "text": "MUMBAI: Just when India began allowing tax sops of up to Rs 5,000 for preventive health check-ups, here comes an international review that says that annual pinpricks to detect tough health problems such as heart disease or cancer may not necessarily mean fewer deaths.The Cochrane review that looked at data of over two lakh people, in fact, said that the annual preventive checks may lead to diagnosis and treatment of diseases that may never have shortened life anyway.The diagnostic industry, which has been witnessing double-digit growth in India in the last few years, doesn't agree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16845474", "title": "14 lakh burglary at NRG's house", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Bungalow of an NRG on Santram Road was burgled when family members were out on a tour.The thieves decamped with foreign exchange , cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 14 lakh. Nadiad town police have registered a case and have started investigation.According to investigators, Rajesh Patel, a resident of Vinayak Park on Santram Road, was earlier living in London with his family.However, he recently came back to settle down and had ventured into farming with his relatives in nearby villages. Patel along with his family, had been to Vapi from October 13 to 15. When the family came back on Tuesday morning, they found the lock on the main door broken.\"They were shocked to see belongings in almost all the rooms ransacked and a cupboard having a safe broken.As per the complaint by Rena Patel, Rajesh's wife, the thieves stole 400 grams of gold and silver jewellery, Rs 5,000 cash along with 300 British pounds and 200 US dollars,\" said a Nadiad police official.Investigators suspect the hand of an insider. \"We have questioned the family members abut people who knew about their absence for three days. We are also questioning the nearby residents to know whether they had seen any movement near or inside the house during the period,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843931", "title": "Ex-cabinet secretary hints 2G note against Chidambaram was framed during Pranab's tenure", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former cabinet secretary K M Chandrasekhar has hinted that a controversial official note suggesting finance minister P Chidambaram could have prevented the 2G scam by insisting on auctions was essentially framed by the finance ministry under Pranab Mukherjee .In his response to the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) on telecom, Chandrasekhar has made it clear that the crucial insertion in the March 25, 2011, note that the tainted 2G licences could have been cancelled was neither discussed nor approved by him.The note had kicked up a furious political storm as the finance ministry was seen to have \"blamed\" Chidambaram. Mukherjee had then written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh saying the note was revised after consultations with cabinet secretariat and PMO.Mukherjee, in fact, argued that the note was issued on PMO's insistence. Chandrasekhar has said that he did not ask for or saw the note that he felt to be an \"internal note\" of the finance ministry.He said he saw a March 18, 2011, e-mail dispatched by Govind Mohan, a joint secretary in the cabinet secretariat, to the finance ministry significantly altering the note to include the Chidambaram reference only this year. Chandrasekhar said the officer had liaised with the finance ministry as he had dealt with the subject in the ministry prior to joining cabinet secretariat.The former cabinet secretary said he saw the e-mail for the first time only on August 24 while perusing material supplied to him in the context of the JPC's queries.His submissions indicate the buck for the 2G note stops fairly and squarely with the finance ministry even if the jury is still out on if there was a deliberate intent behind stating, \"DoT could have invoked this (cancellation) clause if finance ministry had stuck to its stand of auctioning the 4.4 Mhz spectrum.\"While explaining the note, Chandrasekhar points out that the task of putting the events and timelines in a cohesive order was complicated by the information being scattered across several files in the finance ministry.A clear or coherent picture was not available and the finance ministry was asked to prepare a document that would help officials appearing before the Public Accounts Committee to refer to an entire sequence of events at one place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "16844254", "title": "Cement trader found dead in Dhanbad flat", "text": "DHANBAD: Police on Tuesday found the body of prominent cement trader Shrawan Kumar Gupta (55) under mysterious circumstance in his flat on Dhaiya road under Sadar police station. Yamuna Devi, Gupta's domestic, first noticed the body when she came in for work on Tuesday morning.She said she found the body on the cot with the doors of the flat wide open. The victims mouth was also tied up with a cloth. She informed the neighbours, who in turn called the police control room.Danbad DIG Lakshman Prasad Singh, SP R K Dhan and other senior police officers rushed to the flat in a residential complex on Dhaiya Road.The police have questioned the neighbours and also recorded the statements of the victim's employees and servants. Gupta's firm was involved in cement distribution in the coal belt.Businessmen engaged in similar trade have also been questioned, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16845865", "title": "Lawyers rule out Dhayanidhi's surrender", "text": "MADURAI: Even as police tightened the grip on Union minister M K Alagiri's son Durai Dhayanidhi Alagiri with the hope of getting him surrender, his advocates have ruled out any possibility of his surrender.Advocates of Dhayanidhi Alagiri fighting in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court, as well as the judicial magistrate court in Melur, said that there was no question of his surrendering now.\"We have filed an anticipatory bail plea in the Madurai high court bench. It is coming up for hearing in two days. Why should he surrender?\" asked Dhayanidhi's counsel, Veera Kathiravan.But the police moves are clearly aimed at getting him to surrender. They have intensified the search and are planning to inquire half-a-dozen more of his family members and friends to find his whereabouts after the Melur judicial magistrate court had issued a non-bailable arrest warrant for him.\"Twelve teams have been sent to various places to arrest the accused in the granite scam. The court has made it clear that the accused cannot escape from the law by issuing a non-bailable arrest warrant. We hope that they would surrender in the next few days. If they fail, we will initiate proceedings to declare the accused as absconding criminals,\" a senior police official said.Besides the arrest warrant, a more powerful factor that could force Dhayanidhi's surrender, is the disappointment of DMK patriarch and Alagiri's father M Karunanidhi's disappointment over his grandson evading police for over two months. Apart from Dhayanidhi, the court had also issued arrest warrants for Olympus Granites' partner Nagaraj, PRP Exports owner P Palanisamy's wife Selvi, sons Suresh Kumar , Senthil Kumar, Sindhu Granites owner Selvaraj and two others. A senior police official said that in the next few days all these people would surrender or get arrested.However, DMK men and the advocates of Dhayanidhi say that they would fight it out in the courts rather than surrender. \"How can the police seek arrest warrant when an anticipatory bail is being heard in the high court? If the court provides anticipatory bail, Dhayanidhi would automatically be available for questioning. It is not necessary to arrest a person to interrogate him,\" said Veera Kathiravan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16844457", "title": "How CIA used marriage plot to kill Qaida leader Awlaki", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Central Intelligence Agency managed to kill one of its most wanted terrorists, al-Qaida leader Anwar al-Awlaki in a drone strike attack in September 2011, through a 'fake marriage plot' with a Croatian woman.The plot to kill al-Awlaki revolved around a Danish CIA-al-Qaida double agent, who was paid $250,000 in 2009 to find a European wife for the terrorist mastermind, the New York Post reports.Morten Storm, the double agent, said in 2010 he found a Croatian woman, Aminah, through a Facebook page setup for fans of al-Awlaki, and used the money from the CIA to play matchmaker, and through a series of bizarre and chilling videos, text messages, and emails, he helped Aminah entice al-Awlaki.Storm said that Aminah's wooing worked because al-Awlaki accepted the proposal, saying, \"If you can live in difficult conditions, don't mind loneliness, and can live with restrictions on your communications, that is great.\"Storm revealed that with the courtship done, al-Awlaki invited Aminah to meet him in Yeman whereupon the CIA was planning to kill them in a drone strike. He was subsequently killed in a CIA drone strike in September 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16845933", "title": "Corporation red-faced over streetlight ad issue", "text": "KOCHI: City corporation will have to answer some serious questions after the town planning committee pointed out the absence of a detailed agreement between the local body and the private agency that was allowed to place advertisements on streetlights in the city. The committee, which met on Tuesday, suggested that the agency that defaulted on payments should be blacklisted. A senior member said that they have recommended disciplinary action against officials, including the town planning officer, for the discrepancies in awarding the tender that resulted in revenue loss. The committee also wanted to re-tender the streetlight advertisement rights. The committee will place their suggestions before the corporation council.The one-year tender given to the private agency ended in March 2011.Following allegations in the council that the agency owed around Rs 65 lakh to the civic body and authorities were not keen on collecting the money, mayor Tony Chammany asked the finance and town planning standing committees to look into the issue. The finance committee had reported that the civic body lost Rs 9 lakh/month due to the deal. To avoid this problem, the committee suggested that steps must be taken to keep a record of the streetlights that would be tendered for placing advertisements. It was also recommended that the local body should physically verify all streetlights before inviting tenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16846587", "title": "Mountain Man film in trouble", "text": "Filmmaker Ketan Mehta has been served legal notice by Sanjay Singh, who is producing a biopic based on the life of Dashrath Manjhi, to be directed by Manish Jha. Manjhi was also known as the Mountain Man, courtesy his feat of single-handedly carving a 360-foot-long,25-foot-high and 30-foot-wide road through a mountain in Gahlour village in Bihar.While Mehta seems to have turned a blind eye to Singh's notice, allegedly, Jha's assistant Mahendra Jakhar is the one to have leaked Jha's script to Mehta,who is already shooting his own film. Jhaand Singh are terribly angry and upset and have slapped notice on Mehta.Jha told Mirror, \"It helps to have a creative associate as a bouncing board but little did I know mine would create such a big problem in my life. Now, I have no option but to take legal recourse. Dasrath Manjhi is a real life inspirational story. I had registered the script and the screenplay with the Copyright Board of India 2010 and also have email correspondence dated July 1, 2010 with Mahendra to show I had sent him the script for feedback and ideation. Surely, we didn't deserve this.\"He added, \"The combination of writer Abhijat Joshi and director Rajkumar Hirani etc. are rare examples of implicit trust and creative excellence that brought wonderful cinema to our screens. We need more such people in our industry, and it is a shame that one person Mahendra is giving a bad name to the whole clan of writers. I will never be able to trust writers now. This kind of deceit is reprehensible. It is sad because all directors need good writers who can be trusted.\"Apparently, producer Singh gave an amount of Rs 25,000 to Manjhi's son and took the family's permission for their screen adaptation. Manjhi's family was even told they would get a 5 per cent stake in the film's profits. Singh and Jha never expectedthiskindoftwistinthetalewhere Jakhar would go around brandishing the script as his own, finally selling it to Mehta.Said Singh, \"We are filing a criminal case against Mahender so that he doesn't get away with this act of treachery. We will also file a stay order in the lower court on production of Mehta's film until this matter is resolved.\"When contacted, Mahender said, \"If Sanjay and Manish can prove their claims, I am ready to give my script of Dashrath Manjhi's life to them. They are lying. I have been working with Ketan on this film since two years. Manish Jha had disappeared since the longest time. I never worked with him as a creative associate. Ketan and I have full permission from Manjhi's son on our film and we know we are doing no wrong.\"Ketan Mehta remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843708", "title": "Disabled man gets 3-year jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 37-year-old handicapped man has been sentenced to three years in jail by a Delhi court for trying to kill his former tenant by stabbing him.Additional sessions judge O P Gupta held west Delhi resident Ravinder guilty of committing attempt to murder under section 307 of the Indian Penal Code, saying the injuries inflicted by him on victim Parveen could have been fatal.\"Keeping in view the facts and circumstances of the case and the rival submissions, I do not find that accused deserves any leniency. The injuries could have proved fatal as has been deposed by prosecution witness Dr Trilok Chand of RML hospital.\"Victim cannot be lost sight of while awarding sentence. I deem it fit to impose a sentence of rigorous imprisonment for three years and a fine of Rs 5,000,\" the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16844779", "title": "Woman, 60, claims she is illegally confined", "text": "CHENNAI: A 60-year-old woman, whose live-in partner died in April, has invoked the Domestic Violence Act saying she has been kept under illegal confinement in a house for more than three weeks.Shahar Banu said someone locked her house on Santhome High Road from outside on September 22, and that since then a neighbour was giving her food and medicines through the window. \"I am tired and need immediate medical attention. I don't want any property owned by my husband. I had several valuables in his memory but they were all plundered by unidentified persons. I want them back. I want to live my remaining days in memory of my husband,\" she said.Banu told TOI she had been living with Dr D L Ramachandra Rao for more than a decade. After Dr Rao died in April, one of his brothers D L Raja asked her to move out of the house. He issued a legal notice in May. She was arrested by the central crime branch on land-grab charges and jailed.Since returning from jail, she has been residing in the house, which was locked from outside on September 22. Her counsel M Velmurugan has now invoked the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act, and approached the Chennai district administration for assistance. The protection officer issued notice in the matter and the Foreshore Estate Police registered a case against Raja on Banu's complaint.Dr Rao had a clinic near Banu's house in Mannady more than three decades ago and they knew each other. Later, she got married to a man named Ebrahim and moved to a house owned by Dr Rao, a bachelor. After her husband's death Banu took complete care of Dr Rao. At one stage, he even wrote to his brothers confirming his relationship with Banu and cautioning them against interfering with her life.Banu said: \"Rao trusted me and mentioned me as his spouse in a few documents. After my husband's demise, Rao insisted that I marry him. In fact, at an informal gathering at his Santhome house, we got married in 2008.\"When contacted, Raja denied that Banu was under illegal confinement. He said, \"I have moved the court and got an injunction order in my favour. I have submitted the copy in the local police station. I have not detained Banu illegally in the house. If she is inside the house, she will be evicted with police help soon.\"Raja said: \"There is a police guard in front of the house. Banu is levelling false allegations against me and my family to grab my brother's property.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16846641", "title": "Akshay Kumar's daring moves!", "text": "Last evening, Akshay 'Khiladi' Kumar took his penchant for daredevil stunts a step further.While shooting a song titled Baawariya for his next Khiladi 786 at a suburban mall, the actor climbed on to the tiny space in front of a side wall on the second floor and broke into an impromptu jig. Akshay tried taking permission from choreographer Ganesh Acharya before attempting the stunt, but despite everyone present telling him this wasn't part of the sequence, the actor persisted.An eyewitness told TOI, \"That spot was like no mans land but Akshay wanted to go there. The director and the producer both warned him saying they didn't have a safety harness . However, Akshay didn't listen .\" It was like walking a tightrope so much so when Akshay stepped down, everyone breathed a sigh of relief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16845542", "title": "Journey from commerce to divinity", "text": "KOLKATA: On a balmy Tuesday afternoon, the autumn sun was finally casting its slanting festive rays on the city. It weaved a yellow glow, the one that transports every Bengali to the nearest puja pandal, which is now receiving the final touches. It triggered delight across the city and at Kumartuli, which basked in a happy chaos. Idols have started filing out of the artisan colony, leaving behind a trail of clutter, confusion and commerce that hardly signalled the unbridled joy or the divine solemnity that the clay idols will spark off, once they cross the boundaries of the dingy workshops.A smell of wet clay and dry straw pervaded the lanes housing the damp studios jostling for space. As the idols were readied for departure, Kumartuli came to a near halt. Dozens of porters heaved the images on to bamboo structures, creating a logjam inside the colony. Bystanders, visitors and buyers were pushed to the edges of the narrow lanes. As the chaos unfolded, amateur photographs merrily clicked away. Truckloads of idol-buyers paced up and down even as they engaged in last-minute bargains with artists.\"You had promised not to charge more than Rs 12,000. You can't go back on your word now,\" pleaded a youth. The idol-maker argued mildly with the army of youngsters. The deal was made and the idol placed on its bamboo skates. At Nrisingha Pal's studio, overhead plastic sheets proved to be a hindrance. They had to be pushed up with bamboo poles to let the idols move. \"Now let's move fast, my friends. A lot of work remains to be done. This is just the bare idol and we must deck it up within the next 48 hours,\" Bapi Das, a north Kolkata youth egged on his friends. They soon gathered a legion of porters who pulled up the deity into a waiting truck.Rows of stalls selling colourful decorations did brisk business. Items were being sold at a frenetic pace. Here, dry commerce ruled and hard bargaining was the order of the day. \"Budgets have been getting tighter; so decorations are sacrificed. This is a trying time for us, for we can neither concede too much, nor afford to turn away buyers,\" said Ranjit Sarkar, owner of Shilpalaya, a decoration shop.For Kumartuli traders, the next three days will be a test of their marketing skills. It's the season they look forward to for the bulk of their annual earnings. They can't sit back and plan for the week ahead.Outside the colony, as the idols made their way to the pandals, joy and celebration slowly took over. Cries of 'Bolo bolo Durga thakur maiki jai' split the air. As the vehicles sped along the thoroughfares, pedestrians got their first glance of the goddess. Children smiled and the elders chalked out their holiday plans. Pandals receiving the last decorative mountings welcomed the goddess. Many were yet to make enough room for idols.At a Shovabazar club, barely a kilometre from Kumartuli, a shed has been created for the idol, away from the main pandal. \"It has been a problem, for our pandal is not yet ready. But we can't wait any longer for the idol to arrive. Once it's here, puja begins. It's Shasthi for us today,\" said an organiser.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16845155", "title": "Tough test awaits for Euro stars Peter Hanson, Richie Ramsay in Indian Open", "text": "BANGALORE: Europe's Ryder Cup player Peter Hanson , who will be the biggest draw at the $1.25 million Hero-Indian Open, showed glimpses of his short-game skills by holing from the bunker on the 18th hole during the skills challenge against an Indian team at the KGA here on Tuesday.The 35-year-old Swede, who led Rest of the World -- defending champion David Gleeson and Scot Richie Ramsay being the others in the three-member team - to a 3-1 win over home hopes Anirban Lahiri, Gaganjeet Bhullar and Shiv Kapur, however, felt there was a long and tough week ahead of him. \"I'm a rookie here and am looking forward to playing my first event in India,\" Hanson said. \"But it is not going to be an easy week.\"Ramsay endorsed his view. \"I think it is going to be a pretty tough week,\" said Ramsay, who tried the korma for lunch. \"This is my first visit to Bangalore and have experienced the traffic here and seen people flying around on scooters,\" said the world No. 58, who would be hoping that he stays ahead of the traffic on the leaderboard on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843868", "title": "Centre on watch mode before revoking AFSPA in J&K;", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is not in favour of continued presence of Army or paramilitary forces in Jammu &amp; Kashmir, but will wait for some more time before revoking the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) in the state.Home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde on Tuesday said that peace had returned to Kashmir and that there were no visible secessionist sentiments among the people, however, it needed to be certain before calling off forces from there.The Omar Abdullah government has been pressing for partial removal of AFSPA, and has earmarked Srinagar and Budgam district for pullout of Army personnel.Speaking on the sidelines of the 28th NSG Raising Day Parade, Shinde said, \"Continued presence of the armed forces in the Valley is not a good thing. However, we have seen continued peace in the Valley only for a year. We would wait for some more time before taking any decision on the issue (revocation of AFSPA).\"Shinde, who recently visited Kashmir, stressed on how peaceful the Valley had become. He said, \"I went to Kashmir recently and roamed without a security convoy. I made a surprise visit to Lal Chowk (in Srinagar) roamed as freely as I would in a Delhi market. The Valley has been extremely peaceful in the past one year and I was happy to see gleaming faces everywhere. I also sensed that people no more have secessionist sentiments.\"The home minister also used the opportunity to make his difference of opinion with former National Security Advisor ( NSA ) and West Bengal Governor M K Narayanan on NSG hubs clear. He said, \"It is important to have NSG hubs. It cuts delay in reaching the forces to cities of operation in emergencies. During 26/11, NSG had been delayed by 11-12 hours due to non-availability of aircraft. Had there been an NSG hub in Mumbai at that time, they would have reached in an hour.\"Speaking at a lecture organized by NSG on Friday, Narayanan had dubbed the formation of four NSG hubs in Mumbai, Kolkata, Hyderabad and Chennai as \"a major mistake\". Narayanan had argued that it would dilute the capability of the force, as a special force is judged by the quality of its men and not by its numbers. He had also said that for faster mobility, NSG should have its own aircraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16844784", "title": "Double sting: Malaria makes a comeback in time of dengue", "text": "CHENNAI: After seeing a steady decrease for more than five years, the incidence of malaria has more than doubled in the past one year. Entomologists and public health experts in the state say they are finding an unusual cohabitation of two varieties of mosquitoes- the dengue-causing aedes and the malaria-causing anopheles.There has been an increase in fever cases and several people were diagnosed with dengue. Doctors say they are surprised to find a large number of malaria cases compared to last year. The health department statistics show that the number of malaria cases went up to 31,4456 till July from 22,156 in 2011. \"Aedes, which was an urban mosquito, is now found in several rural areas. In many places we see aedes and anopheles breeding in the same pool, which was not the case earlier,\" said state's chief entomologist S Sridharan.Though both the varieties of mosquitoes breed in fresh water, anopheles has a larger breeding scope. They breed in water that has sand sediments, such as in wells. Three years ago, when entomologists surveyed the city and its suburbs, they found aedes mosquitoes outnumbering anopheles. \"The population of aedes is still growing, but anopheles has managed to come back,\" he said.There were no official figures for July - October 2012, but doctors in the directorate of public health confirmed many malaria cases. In Chennai, the number of cases has gone up from 14,927 in 2011 to 17,521 till July this year.Doctors said two years ago they thought the city would soon be able to eradicate malaria, but now it seems to be challenging. \"It's a kind of double burden our population is facing,\" he said. While the population of the dengue-causing mosquitoes can be controlled up to 70% with source reduction (giving no room for breeding), malaria-causing mosquitoes have to be controlled through source reduction and larval control.Officials from the directorate of public health, rural and medical services were asked to visit houses in areas where there were more than five dengue cases or a death. \"We want to tell people how to prevent mosquito breeding,\" a senior health department official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16845466", "title": "Denied 'justice', rural health doctor threatens to quit", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: At a time when the government is finding it difficult to get enough doctors for rural postings, a Kerala Health Services assistant surgeon has alleged that he is being forced to quit service because of official apathy he has been facing for the past 10 years. The assistant surgeon, Dr Nebu John, who is currently with the Alappuzha Government Hospital, alleges that his 13-year-long service has been marred by the indifferent attitude of the higher authorities. Dr John had earlier served as the medical officer in-charge at a primary health centre in the rural outskirts of the city.A departmental enquiry, related to a case that occurred a year ago while Dr John was serving with the PHC at Amboori, is pending against the doctor.Dr John was attacked by a miscreant, against whom he filed a police complaint. Neyyar Dam police sub inspector, S Ajayakumar, had demanded a booze party at a luxury hotel in the city from the doctor in return for registering the case against his attacker. The doctor had no option but to oblige. But no action followed and the doctor was forced to file a complaint against the SI before the Thiruvananthapuram Range IG. The probe that was conducted by the IG proved Dr John's allegation and disciplinary action was taken against the SI.In the meantime, the wife of the miscreant filed a counter case against the doctor, alleging sexual harassment. Following this, the director of health services placed Dr John under suspension. The case is still pending before the Kattakada Magistrate court.\"Even after one year, the department has not completed the enquiry against me,\" the doctor said. He added that he had also got a favourable ruling from the high court that agreed that the police had denied him justice. But the DHS authorities do not seem to have taken the HC ruling into consideration, he said.The doctor has approached the State Human Rights Commission for justice as a last resort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16844996", "title": "Parent asked to pay for kid in 25% poor quota", "text": "MUMBAI: A parent, who admitted her child to a private school in the western suburbs under the 25% quota reserved for economically weak students who are promised free education under the RTE Act, has been asked by the institute to pay fees. Worried that her child would have to drop out of school as she would not be able to pay the fees, the parent called up an officer from the BMC's education department for help.Under the Act, every school has to set aside 25% of its seats for poor students and provide them with free education. Only institutes with a minority status are exempted from the rule.By the end of the first six months of an academic year, the government was supposed to reimburse a part of the fund. But with no money in sight till now, the school in the western suburbs asked the poor parent to pay up. Though no official complaint has been lodged, the education officer received a call from the parent, asking him about the deadline for the government to pay the fund. Even schools have started asking local education officers when and how the amount will be disbursed to them.Under the rule, schools have to certify themselves to seek the fund. Additional chief secretary of school education department J S Saharia said, \"The money is available with the government and as soon as the schools certify themselves as eligible, we will disburse it. The schools have to give us details on the admission process, kids enrolled, their eligibility criteria and the money spent on every poor student. The state will reimburse the average amount spent on the education of a child in a year, which is little over Rs 10,000.\" He added some institutes gave incorrect data and education officers were verifying the facts.Another education officer said a school could claim the fund only if it was unaided and did not receive any government grant or concession for any purpose. \"If a school got its plot, building or other facilities free of cost or at a subsidized rate, it will not be eligible for the reimbursements,\" said the officer.But a school principal is worried about the delay. \"The first installment was supposed to be paid by October 30. But with the state having just started to collect information, the money may not come even by the end of the academic year,\" the principal said. \"Most trusts get their plots for institutes at subsidized rates. Are they not eligible for the fund? If the state is so reluctant to reimburse, there is little wonder why no school is interested in the RTE Act plan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843510", "title": "Election Commission seeks probe into FCRA 'violation' by Congress, BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Election Commission (EC) has asked the Union home ministry to probe the alleged violation of the Foreign Contribution Regulation Act (FCRA) by both the Congress and the BJP by receiving donations of about Rs 5 crore each from Vedanta Group subsidiaries \u2014 Sterlite Industries and Sesa Goa.Nirvachan Sadan sources told TOI that the Representation of People Act (RPA) debarred political parties from receiving contribution for a foreign source defined under clause (e) of the Section 2 of the FCRA, 1976. The FCRA, too, states that it has been formulated \"to ensure that the foreign contribution and foreign hospitality is not utilized to affect or influence electoral politics, public servants, judges and other people working in the important areas of national life like journalists, printers and publishers of newspapers among others.\"\"Since MHA is the nodal ministry for enforcing the FCRA, we wrote to the ministry a fortnight ago to look into the alleged donations by subsidiaries of the UK-based Vedanta group, which prima facie is a 'foreign source', and see if the Congress and the BJP have violated provisions of the FCRA,\" said a senior EC official.It is only after the violation of the FCRA is conclusively established by the MHA that the EC plans to initiate action against the BJP and the Congress under the RPA as well, and both the parties could be served with show-cause notices.The EC inquiry into donations received by the Congress and yhe BJP from Sterlite Industries and Sesa Goa was based on a recent report by the Association for Democratic Rights (ADR), an independent pressure group for electoral reforms, and a complaint filed by ex-revenue secretary-turned-civil rights activist E A S Sarma.The ADR had, in its report released in September, said \"Sterlite Industries, a subsidiary of the Vedanta Group, has donated Rs 6 crore to Congress during FY05 and FY10 while the Madras Aluminium Co Ltd, also a subsidiary of the Vedanta Group, had contributed Rs 3.5 crore to BJP.\"An investigation by the EC, assisted by the Income-Tax department, found that both Congress and BJP received about Rs 5 crore each from Sterlite Industries and Sesa Goa group, agency reports said.Vedanta Resources, according to its annual report of 2011-12, had paid $5.69 million (about Rs 28 crore) to political parties in India in the last three years.Without disclosing the identity of the beneficiaries, billionaire Anil Agarwal-promoted Vedanta has stated on the report that it paid $2.01 million to political parties during 2011-12. A Vedanta spokesperson was quoted as saying, \"We would like to confirm that all political donations made by Sterlite Industries India Ltd (SIIL) and Sesa Goa Ltd (Sesa) in specific years, were strictly in accordance with the provisions of Section 293A of the Indian Companies Act, 1956, after taking due approval of the respective Board of Directors and Audit committees and full disclosures have been made as per law.\"Vedanta, however, said the company believed that the provisions of FCRA do not get attracted to these contributions as they are not \"foreign contributions\" at all. \"We have been legally advised that the FCRA provisions are not attracted in the background of present facts, to Indian companies incorporated as such and duly listed on domestic stock exchanges,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "16843283", "title": "Rally against illegal migrants in BTC on October 18", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Opposing the government's move to resettle Bengali-speaking Muslims in BTC areas without proper land patta and documents of citizenship, the Co-ordination Committee for Peace and Harmony (CCPH), an umbrella organization of over 26 different organizations, have decided to bring out a mass rally in every important location of four BTC districts on October 18.BTC chief Hagrama Mohilary on Monday said the CCPH will bring out the rally in all four BTC districts in protest against unabated influx to the region. He added that people of all communities will take part in the event to be held from 6 pm to 7 pm. He said the \"mass crying\" will take place at Kokrajhar flyover, Titaguri, Deborgaon, Gaurang Tiniali, Kharigaon, Patgaon, Ramfalbil, Serfanguri, Kachugaon, Gurufella, Gossaigaon, Jaraguri, Dotma, Chitila, Fakiragram, Salakati and Banargaon. He added that the central committee of the CCPH would also be formed shortly.Mohilary said the government has been trying to resettle the relief camp inmates who have obtained VCDC certificate, pan card, job card and bank passbooks. He added, \"We have been opposing resettlement of people who don't have land pattas and other documents of citizenships, but the government is trying to go ahead with unacceptable conditions\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "gulbarga", "code": "16844862", "title": "Burning train claims 2 lives at Gulbarga station", "text": "GULBARGA: A mother and her child died and seven others suffered injuries when the Hyderabad-Solapur Falaknuma Passenger train caught fire during its scheduled stopover at the Gulbarga railway station on Tuesday afternoon.The fire broke out around 1.45pm in the general coach of the Solapur-bound train, 40 minutes after it arrived at Gulbarga, 594km from Bangalore. Some passengers were sleeping in the train when the fire broke out. The train was scheduled to leave Gulbarga at 4.30pm.According to railway officials, 15 passengers jumped out of the burning compartment. But a woman and a child reportedly got caught in the blaze that reduced two coaches to charred metal frames.Naseema Begum alias Fathima, who jumped out to safety, said some passengers were carrying a can of kerosene with them. \"The kitchen fuel might have spilled over from the can and caught fire when somebody lit a cigarette,\" Fathima told reporters at the platform.Fathima said many were trapped inside when the flames engulfed the compartment. \"I was lucky to come out uninjured. Many passengers could not escape as two doors were jammed and the smoke spread fast,\" she added.Gopal Guttedar, from Bagur village near Solapur, had a close shave when he, his wife and their two-year-old son managed to scamper out of the compartment just as the fire was spreading. His wife and son suffered burns.A tea-stall owner at the railway station, Rasheed Ahmed rushed towards the burning compartment and helped a couple of passengers disembark to safety. Busy in the shop, Rasheed heard \"what sounded like an explosion\", and found the bogey on fire.Firefighters doused the blaze after a two-hour battle. Also, they helped railway employees separate the burning coaches from the rest of the train. The deputy commissioner and the district police chief, among other top officers, supervised rescue-and-relief work.Quoting witnesses, district minister Revunaik Belamagi said the fire was caused by spilt kerosene near the toilet. Since the train was stationary, passengers had a quick and easy escape by running into the next bogey through the vestibule or jumping on to the platform.Union minister of state for railways K H Muniyappa said the kin of the deceased would get compensation. He ordered a probe into the fire accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16845707", "title": "Delay in army, police recruitment rallies leads to agitation", "text": "VARANASI: Resentment is brewing among youth due to delay in beginning the army and police recruitment process. It led to a demonstration by youth from Varanasi and Chandauli districts. They blocked Padao crossing, under Ramnagar police station area on Tuesday. The cops of the two districts succeeded in convincing the mob to call off the stir.It may be recalled that violent scenes had occurred during army recruitment rally in Chandauli district in July 2009 after which no rally was organised there. The proposed army recruitment rally at Sonebhadra district was also postponed due to one reason or the other while the schedule of other recruitment rallies of army or police have not been announced. Youth preparing to take part in such rallies are getting frustrated. An angry mob of youth had attacked Varanasi-Pratapgarh passenger train at Kapsethi railway station recently.On Tuesday morning, a large number of aspirants gathered at Padao crossing and blocked it. On receiving information, the student leaders and their supporters from Lal Bahadur Shastri PG College in Mughalsarai and Harishchandra PG College, reached there in support of agitators. The vehicular movement on Varanasi-Mughalsarai-Chandauli, Varanasi-Mirzapur and Varanasi-Shaktinagar highways and other roads got paralysed. Several kilometre long queues of vehicles were formed.People heading towards Mughalsarai railway station became the worst sufferers while the schoolgoers, patients, pilgrims and those heading towards Varanasi for marketing also suffered. The demonstration did not allow even the motorcycles to pass. The agitators pointed out that they had filled the forms for police recruitment several months back but the government has not shown interest even in informing when the recruitment process would start. They demanded to restart army recruitment rallies in Chandauli and announcement of the schedule of army recruitment rallies in other districts of the region.The news of incident brought the officials of Varanasi and Chandauli districts on toes. Heavy police force from different police stations of the districts reached Padao. SP (security) Chandauli, Vijay Bhushan also reached the spot. The cops held several rounds of talk with the demonstrators. Bhushan asked the demonstrators to give their demands in writing for forwarding it to the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16845022", "title": "Trench work contractors flout quality rules", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic body introduced stringent conditions for awarding tenders to monitor the quality of road repair, but the entire purpose seems to be defeated in case of trench re-instatement work. To bring erring contractors to book, the BMC has issued showcause notices to them for their carelessness and non-compliance of project conditions.The BMC had recently awarded Rs 120-crore tenders at the ward level for the refilling and reinstating of pits and trenches, usually dug to repair underground utilities. One of the conditions of the tender was that the contractors would have to instal sensors and GPS devices on their machines so that the BMC could check if the stipulated norms had been followed at the sites. The civic body gave the contractors four months to instal the sensors, but even though 80% of the work has already been completed, the quality-monitoring devices have not been put in place. For flouting the rule, the civic body has issued showcause notices to nine out of the 24 contractors who have been assigned the task.Riled up experts and officials also questioned the purpose of setting down the conditions in the first place if contractors were allowed to take their time and instal the quality-monitoring devices and work without complying with the rules. \"We will not let the contractors go scot-free. They cannot ask for time to instal the system and not do it. We have served them notices and will forfeit their deposits,\" said additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta.Refilling trenches and returning dug roads to their original state is important as shoddy work often led to potholes on the stretches. Following uproar over shoddy work, the civic body introduced new measures for contractors who are supposed to instal sensors on their equipment and vehicles and use heat sensors, density sensors and GPS devices beside other equipment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "16845158", "title": "In Goa, Navratri marks worship of earth mother goddess", "text": "KERI: 'Navratri' is the festival of nine nights when Durga, the goddess of creativity and procreation, is worshipped throughout Goa as Bhumika, Sateri, Navdurga, Bhagvati, Kalika, Mahamaya, Shantadurga and so on.Goa is considered the land of goddess Shakti who is widely worshipped in various forms and insignias.In stone sculpture, she is popular as Mahishasurmardini depicted as Durga killing the buffalo demon. In the ant-hill she is worshipped as Sateri or Bhumika. All these forms are related with the earth mother goddess.On the first day of the seventh month of the Hindu calendar Ashwin, in some temples, a copper pitcher is installed surrounded by clay in which nine varieties of food grains are sown inside the sanctum sanctuary of the temple.All the nine nights are celebrated by presenting devotional songs, folkdances and through religious discourses. Hanumant Parab of Pissurlem who is busy for nine days in worshipping village deities said, \"The earth mother goddess is the harbinger of prosperity who blesses us through rich agricultural productivity. To express our gratitude, we worship her happily for nine days and nights and on the 10th day, we take the insignias of village deities in a procession to the tune of folk musical instruments.\" For nine days, temples throughout Goa are marked with festivities.The idol of the goddess is put in a specially-decorated colourful swing and for nine nights, this swing is being swung to the tune of folk music by devotees who throng in large numbers to participate in the festival. Over the last many years, Gujarati folk dances like Garba, Dandiya are becoming widely popular among Goan youth who are engrossed in these dances for a period of nine days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16845298", "title": "Road show in Aurangabad on Oct 20 to woo investors", "text": "INDORE: In a move to attract tourist to Madhya Pradesh and explore possible investment in state tourism sector, Madhya Pradesh State Tourism Development Corporation (MPSTDC) is going to organize a road show at Aurangabad in Maharashtra on October 20.After getting the status of industry, tourism department has swung into action to explore possible investment opportunities in state tourism sector which has registered a notable growth in the last one year.Regional manager of MPSTDC, M N Jamali, who is in-charge of road show in Aurangabad, said that road show is aimed at attracting tourists to our state and also explain about the investment opportunities available here. With tourism sector getting industry status, investors would now get all the benefits including tax rebate and others.There is a huge opportunity for investors in tourism sector in the state. The department has prepared a land bank of 455 acres across the state that will be offered to investors for tourism and allied activities, he added.The road show has been organized keeping in mind the upcoming Global Investor's Summit, starting from October 28.The department recently organized a similar road show in Kashmir, and after Aurangabad, the MPSTDC will go to Uttar Pradesh.In the last few months, the department has organized road shows in abroad and in India at Pune, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Lucknow, Nagpur and other places.Jamali said that last year, they registered a growth of 20 per cent in inflow of foreign tourists and the inflow of domestic tourists increased by 30 per cent.Infrastructure for tourism has increased of late and some new hotels are likely to come up at tourist destinations, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16847885", "title": "Cricket's future in social media: Srikkanth", "text": "The fourth edition of the FICCI's Media and Entertainment Business Conclave conducted an interactive session on \"Sports and Entertainment- Cashing in on the second screens\" that discussed the rapidly changing trends of sports viewership on alternate platforms and the emerging technology available to the industry.Krishnamachari Srikkanth, R. Sridhar- General Manager, Media Services Team, Tata Communications; and Praveen Sharma- Head of Media Sales, Google India participated. Srikkanth, at his trademark humorous best, spoke about the role of the internet in facilitating educational development citing the function of \"edustrokes\", a website that teaches Math and Physics to children through the medium of sport.He highlighted the tremendous potential Cricket holds for the future through the tools of digital and social media. Recognizing the need to adapt to change, Srikkanth branded the internet as \"the best invention\" since the aircraft and stressed on the importance of innovation in Cricket. An admirer of the western philosophy for exploring the unknown, Srikkanth said that \"exploration results in innovation\".Going along the same lines, R. Sridhar brought to light the way and manner in which mobile phones have changed the face of modern networking. With the advent of the Smart Phones and Smart TV, people from different corners now access to any information at the click of a button.Praveen Sharma stressed upon the advantages of online viewership, particularly with regards to interactivity and customization. He highlighted that more users are getting comfortable watching live sports online and that it offers \"strong catch-up monetary\" benefits. He predicted that by 2014, the data consumption from smart phones will have increased vastly. Interacting with the audience, the panel members touched upon the issue of TV rights and the impact it has on the game.Though agreeing that alternate delivery platforms could completely change the way we see and interpret sports, all three panel members insisted that the \"spirit of the game\" would not be compromised because of technological change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16845196", "title": "Cops to check Raja SMSes", "text": "MUMBAI: Police will examine the test messages exchanged between Raja Mukherji and a former TV professional as additional evidence to prove charges of molestation and kidnapping against him.Cops are also looking for witnesses to support the case. Raja, brother of actor Rani Mukherji, was arrested on Monday for molesting the complainant in his car at an isolated place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16844190", "title": "Administration approves Rs 373L for Hazaribag irrigation projects", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The Hazaribag administration has sanctioned Rs 373 lakh for constructing 15 medium and minor irrigation projects for augmenting irrigation facilities in the district.Stating this here on Tueasday, Hazaribag DC Manish Ranjan said lack of irrigation facilities was very badly felt in Hazaribag thisn year as the district recorded a deficit of 32 % against the normal and average rainfall. Thus, he said, there was a need to increase irrigation coverage owing to erratic and inadequate rainfall during the monsoon.He said in many parts of the district paddy coverage targets could not be achieved due to shortage of rain and Hazaribag could achieve only 79% of the paddy coverage target of 84,100 hectares of khariff paddy. This could be achieved due to good 'hathia' rain and good rainfall in September and first week of October this year.The DC further said out of the above 15 irrigation projects sanctioned several of them include increasing the depth of 'ahar' and reservoirs as per the demands made by mukhiyas so that the water can be preserved for meeting production target. The orders were issued to the executive engineer, minor and medium irrigation, Hazaribag Division. He also issued orders to monitor the construction work and pay attention on using quality material.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hempstead", "code": "16847800", "title": "Barack Obama slams Mitt Romney's outsourcing plans", "text": "HEMPSTEAD: A combative Barack Obama today hit back at Mitt Romney , retrieving lost ground in the second of the three high-stake presidential debates, saying his Republican rival's plans on outsourcing will only result in more jobs in China and India.Obama, who drew flak from his own party for a lacklustre performance in round one two weeks ago, this time often dictated the terms of the debate questioning Romney's approaches towards China, immigration, taxes, unemployment , gun laws and other domestic and foreign issues.During the 90-minute face-off at the Hofstra University here for a town hall style debate, Romney retorted claiming US has been losing manufacturing jobs to China as enterprises feel it is \"more attractive\" to go offshore than to stay here.A snap CNN/ORC International poll showed 46 per cent of respondents thought 51-year-old Obama won, compared to 39 per cent for 65-year-old Romney. The result was within the survey's margin of error.Both Obama and Romney fielded questions also on topics like gas prices and Libya from members of the audience, a group of 82 undecided voters from New York's Nassau County.The question on outsourcing of American jobs overseas came at the fag end of the debate, which saw an aggressive and assertive Obama take on Romney as he tried to improve on his performance at the first debate in Denver where the Republican leader came out as the surprise winner.\"One of his (Romney's) big ideas when it comes to corporate tax reform would be to say, if you invest overseas, you make profits overseas, you don't have to pay US taxes.\"But, of course, if you're a small business or a mom-and- pop business or a big business starting up here, you've got to pay even the reduced rate that Governor Romney's talking about. And it's estimated that that will create 800,000 new jobs. The problem is they'll be in China. Or India. Or Germany,\" Obama said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16843483", "title": "Dhirendra Bapu Sawant held in Taljai building collapse case", "text": "PUNE: Dhirendra Bapu Sawant (29), wanted in connection with the collapse of an illegal building in Taljai Pather on September 24, was arrested on Tuesday in Satara.Eleven people had been killed and 11 others injured when the three-storey building collapsed. Former Congress corporator Sanjay Nande (43) and Sawant, alias Lahuji, partly owned the land at Saidattanagar Colony where the building had come up. Nande was arrested on September 25 but Sawant had been untraceable after the incident.The building was among 2,300 illegal properties identified by the municipal corporation and to which notices had been issued. A notice had been issued to Nande and Sawant in this connection on September 1.The Sahakarnagar police have filed a case against Nande and Sawant under sections 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), 337 and 338 (causing hurt and endangering the lives of others) of the Indian Penal Code and section 52 (penalty for unauthorised development) of the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act.Speaking to TOI, senior police inspector Kamlakar Takawale of the Sahakarnagar police station said that the police had first looked for Sawant in Khed, his hometown, but he was not there. Later, the police got information that he was in Satara.\"Our team checked most of the lodges and hotels in Satara, Wai and Mahabaleshwar during the last month,\" Takawale said.On Tuesday, the police learnt that Sawant was staying at a relative's house. \"We laid a trap and arrested him,\" Takawale said.Sawant will be produced in court on Wednesday. \"Nande is still in the judicial custody,\" Takawale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16843603", "title": "Citizens oppose proposed slaughterhouse at Pimpri", "text": "PUNE: A large number of citizens have objected to the proposed slaughterhouse at Pimpri, off the Pune-Mumbai highway.The municipal corporation plans to construct the slaughterhouse on one hectare land in survey number 202 at Pimpri Waghire. The land falls in the industrial zone. As per the provisions of the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act, the corporation had invited suggestions and objections from citizens.One of the main objections has come from Krupp Industries, which is located off the highway. A company official said, \"Our company has been in existence in Pimpri for the past 54 years. The proposed slaughterhouse will come up close to our canteen. We have about 2,000 workers who will be affected. We have a strong objection to the proposal which has been conveyed to the PCMC.\"Residents of rented quarters at A-Block in Pimpri have also objected to this project. They have sent a letter to the PCMC which has been signed by 109 people. Copies of the letter have been sent to the animal welfare department. The letter says that the proposed abattoir at survey no 202 is hardly 150 meters away from the large residential area which exists since 1947. Local people have suffered due to the smell from companies for several years. Now, the people do not want to suffer further, the letter said. The residents also suggested that though the site looks isolated now, but after the construction of the subway near Pimpri railway station, a large number of people will travel by the adjacent road.An official from the town planning department said, \"We have received several objections to the slaughterhouse proposal. The work of compiling them is on and is expected to be completed in a week. Later the town planning department will inform the people about the dates for hearing on their objections. The civic administration will prepare a report and send it to the state government for approval.\"At present, Pimpri-Chinchwad has only one slaughterhouse, which is small, located below the Indira Gandhi Railway over bridge (ROB) near the Pimpri railway station. Traders sell meat from rows of shops that the PCMC has constructed under the bridge. However, these shops are not properly enclosed nor do they have the required facilities.Officials say the proposed slaughterhouse will have all modern facilities, including proper disposal of waste. Officials said there is no central place where animals can be slaughtered in hygienic conditions. Around 15,000 to 16,000 kg of sheep/goat meat is consumed in the city every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843190", "title": "Talwars\u2019 router was running till afternoon", "text": "NEW DELHI: The counsel of Dr Rajesh and Nupur Talwar on Tuesday cross-examined two witnesses, Deepak Kanda and Bhupender Singh, who had testified about the use of internet on the night of the murder of Aarushi Talwar and Hemraj.Kanda, nodal officer of Airtel , said, \"The internet was used from 2.04am on May 16 to 1.11 in the afternoon. It is wrong to say that this has happened because of independent activity. Further, CBI did not give me the router and the modem of the house to check.\"Defence counsel Satyaketu Singh said this statement showed that the logs were not a reliable indicator of whether the internet was actually used in the intervening night of the murder. \"How is it possible that the internet was used after Aarushi's body was discovered around 7am following which both police and other family members came to the house?\"Bhupendra Singh, a scientist with CERT-IN under the IT ministry, said the log did not explain why the router was allegedly switched on and off repeatedly. \"However, the gap between the sessions can decipher this. I can't say if the log given to me by CBI was complete or detailed.\" \"It means that there was a technical problem with the internet router,\" said the defence counsel. \"The way it was switching on and off on May 16, it was switching on and off on May 15 night as well,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "16845833", "title": "Class IX student kidnapped, raped for two days", "text": "JALPAIGURI: A Class IX student was allegedly kidnapped by two bike-borne criminals, raped for two days and dumped in front of Cooch Behar Hospital on Monday.The girl's family members lodged a complaint with police on Tuesday. Police have started a probe but have got no leads in the case so far.A girl said the two youths were unknown to her and they forcibly picked her up on their bike when she was returning home from school on Saturday. She has not been able to specify the place where she was taken.She was allegedly raped for two days by the two youths who dumped her in front of Cooch Behar Hospital early on Mahalaya. Seeing her condition, locals picked her up from the road and admitted her to hospital. On Tuesday, Chhatra Parishad members staged a demonstration in front of Cooch Behar police station, demanding punishment for the criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16844265", "title": "Nagri villagers launch fast-unto-death", "text": "RANCHI: Residents of Nagri have resorted to fast-unto-death to reclaim their land acquired by the government for a knowledge hub.Seven villagers including two women started fast. The villagers have decided to give up their lives but not land after the government decided to acquire 227 acres in Nagri that affected 350 families. One person from each of the 350 households will take part in the fast.The agitation is being organized under the banner of Nagri Bachao Jan Sangharsha Samiti which has called several bandhs in Ranchi to press for the demands but in vain.A large number of security personnel have been deployed under the supervision of a magistrate at the site.Shiela Toppo, who has lost 12 acres, said, \"It is the time for festivities but we are fasting to get back our land.\" A tent has been erected beside Ranchi-Ramgarh highway where the fasting villagers would stay till either the government agreed to their demands or they sacrifice their lives, said Arun Pradhan, the state secretary of the People's Front of India.Along with Toppo, Ganeshwar Ram Munda, Kudda Oraon, Ramanand Toppo, Vikash Toppo, Arjun Toppo and Praveen Toppo were in the fast.The villagers claim that the Jharkhand government has forcibly acquired 227 acres of agricultural land in Nagri Chaura village, 25km from here, to establish an educational hub. The boundary walls for Indian Institute of Management Ranchi and Central Law University have already been constructed at the site. On a number of occasions, the protesting villagers laid a siege to the chief minister's residence and Raj Bhavan to press for their demands. As nothing has worked, the villagers have finally decided to launch an indefinite hunger strike.Ganeshwar Ram Munda, who has lost five acres, said, \"Land is the sole source of income for us. Forcible acquisition of land from me is like snatching away food from my platter.\"Vikas Toppo, another fasting villager, said the government was trying to involve us in technicalities. \"We have enough documental proofs to claim that the land belongs to us.\" Dayamani Barla, who has been leading the agitators, said, \"The government should now listen to the villagers.\"SDO, Sadar, Amit Kumar said, \"BDO and CO were sent on the site to take stock of the situation.\"Meanwhile, first class judicial magistrate S K Maharaj on Tuesday forwarded social activist Dayamani Barla to judicial custody for 14 days. She was forwarded to custody after she surrendered in a case of 2006.The court had earlier proclaimed her an offender and ordered for attachment of property for staging a protest in Argora. All the protesters, led by Barla, were carrying traditional weapons and attacked policemen on duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "jerusalem", "code": "16846340", "title": "Attractive people have desirable traits, values?", "text": "JERUSALEM: Attractive people are perceived as having more socially desirable personality traits like confidence than their less-attractive peers, a new study has claimed. Researchers found that it is difficult to resist the temptation of assuming that a person's outward appearance reflects something meaningful about his or her inner personality.Research has shown that people tend to perceive attractive adults as more social , successful, and well-adjusted than less attractive adults, a phenomenon that's been termed the \"what is beautiful is good\" stereotype. Lihi Segal-Caspi and Sonia Roccas of the Open University and Lilach Sagiv of The Hebrew University of Jerusalem investigated whether the \"what is beautiful is good\" stereotype holds up in the real world. The researchers examined how traits and values might be related to physical attractiveness.The researchers recruited 118 university students to serve as \"targets\" . The targets completed surveys about their values and traits. Women who were rated as attractive were perceived as having more socially desirable traits. They were perceived to value achievement than less attractive women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16845811", "title": "City school rocks to Disco Deewane", "text": "KOLKATA: What happens when two new cine heartthrobs take the centre stage to dance with you in your school while the principal and teachers just watch? Well, actors Varun Dhawan and Siddharth Malhotra did just that on Tuesday at Delhi Public School in Ruby Park, where they interacted and danced with the students to promote their forthcoming debut movie 'Student of the Year'.The students gathered in hundreds at the school auditorium to catch a glimpse of the debutants who arrived in time and spent half an hour entertaining their young fans. \"I cannot believe that they are in my school. They look really nice and are very friendly,\" said Deepjyoti Das, a Class-XII student who was \"heartbroken\" by Aliya Bhatt's absence who couldn't make it to the event due to sickness. Mahesh Bhatt's daughter Aliya also stars in the Karan Johar movie along with Siddharth and Varun.Both the actors jazzed to the tunes of the foot-tapping chartbusters from the movie 'Disco Deewane' and 'Velle'. The students clapped, cheered and sang along, while dancing in their seats. With the mood set, the students then joined the two actors on the stage and did the popular 'kneading-the-dough' dance move with the number 'Disco Deewane'.Varun Dhawan then shared experiences of his school days and told the students to treasure what they learn at school. Delhi boy Siddharth Malhotra also remembered his days at DPS, Delhi. \"The friends you make at school are the friends for life,\" said Malhotra.Megha Dudhwewala of class XI was star-struck and could not believe that the actors performed on her favourite songs. \"I saw them in front of me, performing and also shook hands. My day could not have been better,\" said Dudhwewala. Where Dudhwewala was mesmerized, Sujhasha Ghosh of class XII was impressed with their humility. \"It is unbelievable to see that how humble they are in person. We got a chance to dance with them. They really impressed us with their down-to-earth charm,\" said Ghosh, who says that she is going to catch the first show when the movie releases on October 19.DPS Ruby Park principal Anushree Ghosh, too, wished the actors luck for the Durga Puja release. \"The students had been waiting since morning with so many queries. They even completed an extra assignment while waiting in the auditorium,\" said Ghosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16848574", "title": "Shoes with in-built GPS to track lost Alzheimer's patients", "text": "LONDON: Shoes fitted with an in-built tracking device to locate Alzheimer's patients have gone on sale in the UK.Designed to give worried relatives and friends piece of mind, the shoes enable the person with Alzheimer's to be monitored remotely, giving them more freedom.One of the most common concerns for families of an Alzheimer's sufferer is that the person often becomes lost after getting confused and disoriented.The 250-pound shoes are fitted with a miniature GPS system - similar to those used in sat-nav systems found in cars -- that allows its wearer's location to be accurately pinpointed, the Daily Mail reported.Relatives are even able to set up a designated \"safe\" area so if the person strays beyond those boundaries, it would trigger an alert in the form of an email or text message.Family members use an app downloaded to a smart phone or computer to find out the location of the missing person.The GPS system is implanted in the heel of what appears to be a normal walking shoe.The device, which cannot be seen or felt, contains a battery, SIM card (this is what tracks the wearer) and an integrated chip to help the device function.The antenna and a USB connection to charge the shoes runs up the back heel of the shoe.The shoes need charging roughly every two days, a process that takes roughly two hours.The tracking device is a joint development between Los Angeles-based GTX Corp, who make miniature tracking devices, and Aetrex shoes.Patrick Bertagna, chief executive of GTX Corp, said the mini GPS system was initially made for training shoes for long distance runners. But he said production was changed after tests showed the benefit to sufferers of the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16845192", "title": "Daya Nayak gets new post", "text": "MUMBAI: Police sub-inspector Daya Nayak, who was suspended in 2006 due to a probe in a disproportionate assets case and was posted to a side branch early this year, was on Tuesday transferred to the west region control room.Sources said that despite Nayak's transfer to the west region control room, he will be included in the special squad of addl CP Vishwas Nangre Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16845521", "title": "IIT-Kharagpur zooms into global racing contest", "text": "KOLKATA: For sometime now, a group of engineering students of IIT Kharagpur (IIT-Kgp) have been zipping down the roads on the institute's campus. They have designed a racing car and are testing its endurance on campus for the moment. The special initiative has full support of the institute and has also managed sponsorship from the country's automobile companies.It took nearly a year for the boys and girls of at least four departments of the institute to design and manufacture the car. Apart from the engine, every other part of the car has been designed and manufactured at the laboratories of the institute. Armed with this Formula One car, this group of students will enter a global racing competition in the UK. The Silver Stone racing event is organised by the Society for Automotive Engineers and is considered to be the most prestigious event for amateurs in the world. It is attended by students from most top tech schools of the world.The F-1 car designed by these 25 IIT-Kgp students has been named Kart, with an engine power of 600cc, that has been taken from a passenger car major in India. The chassis, suspension and body have been made by the students using the solid works and ANSYS software, which is a favourite among all students handling automobile technologies.\"The car is able to attain a maximum speed of 160 kmph. However, we are being able to test it at only 120 kmph since we are currently running it on the campus which does not have the right kind of track for such cars,\" said Anurag Savarnya, leader of the 25-member team. There are four faculty members who have worked alongside students to bring the car to shape.Among the tech schools that will participate at Silver Stone, 50 miles from London , are Carnegie Melon University, US, University of Hertfordshire, UK, University of California , Los Angeles, Monash University, Australia and Chelmers, Sweden. IIT-Kgp has already been registered as an Indian entry for the event to be held early next year.The beauty of the event is that students not only have to design and manufacture the car but also drive it. \"We are extremely happy with the car that we have been able to manufacture because of the aerodynamic finesse that we have been able to achieve,\" said C S Kumar, head of the mechanical engineering department. He has been mentoring the project. The other faculty members are Ranjan Bhattacharya, Kingshuk Bhattacharya and Amiya Mohanty. Apart from mechanical engineering, the other departments involved in the project are electrical, electronics and aerospace engineering.\"We have been able to achieve a satisfactory level in air intake system, which can even be compared to professional F-1 cars. Kart can take in large amounts of air that improves combustion and naturally the output improves remarkably. That is what helps the vehicle gain speed,\" explained Kumar. The centre of gravity has also been lowered satisfactorily which improves the stability of the car, enabling it to take those sharp turns at high speed, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16845109", "title": "''Know your customer only for multiple LPG connections'", "text": "PANAJI: The civil supplies department on Tuesday clarified that the KYC (know your customer) procedure being followed by LPG gas agencies at the moment is only to verify multiple or ghost connections.\"As per central government instructions, the oil companies have been asked to gather data on LPG consumers and verify multiple connections,\" said Shabri Manjrekar, director, civil supplies.But consumers who have single connections are also queuing up outside the dealers offices, she said. \"Only those having multiple connections should go to their respective dealers to facilitate the verification process,\" Manjrekar stressed.Chaos, meanwhile, continued in and outside offices of LPG dealers across the state, as consumers queued up to fulfill the KYC requirement with only two weeks to the deadline. The central government's restriction of subsidized gas cylinders to six per household per year and the requirement of filling the KYC forms has triggered the rush.\"This has sparked off fear and tension among consumers, and homemakers and senior citizens are the worst affected,\" said Roland Martins of Goa civic and consumer action network (GOACAN).\"The sudden change in ground rules when many festivals and a peak tourism season looms ahead has caused tension to homemakers and tourism stakeholders,\" he added. Said consumer Bosco Gomes, \"The government should have drawn a roadmap to allow consumers sufficient time to comply with the requirements. The deadline till October 31 is too short for us as some agencies have hundreds of customers.\"The rates of LPG differ from one agency to the other as the commission for dealers has been raised. \"The government should clarify how people will not become victims to black marketers and hoarders during the peak season,\" Martins said.Manjrekar told TOI that the civil supplies department will monitor the LPG gas supply. \"We have been conducting frequent raids, but now we have to do it on a war-footing.\" The reduction in quota of kerosene has also compounded the problem and has led to tension as with the rationing of LPG, the non-subsidized refill costs 900-plus. Consumers are demanding that the deadline be extended beyond %October 31.The remaining consumers may submit their KYC forms in a phased manner.Speaking to mediapersons, Parsekar said the clarification comes following a meeting between chief minister Manohar Parrikar and the oil companies. Parsekar said that Parrikar has directed the oil companies to keep a hard copy of the customer's KYC form with the dealer. The chief minister also issued a direction to the director of civil supplies to release an advertisement to end the confusion on KYC forms.Stating that Goa has over 5 lakh LPG connections, Parsekar said that the KYC forms are being sold in black in certain %areas.Parsekar's press conference came a day after Congress spokesman Sudip Tamankar demanded that the government intervene in the LPG cylinder issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16843801", "title": "Woman immolates self in Bhatta Basti", "text": "JAIPUR: A 45-year-old woman allegedly committed suicide by immolating herself at her house in Bhatta Basti area on Tuesday morning. In a statement to the police before dying, the woman had reportedly said that she was depressed over financial problems being faced by the family. Neighbours have also told the police that she had frequent fights with her husband over the latter's drinking habits.According to the police, the deceased, Gudiya alias Tashleem, was alone in the house at Sanjay Nagar slum area as her husband Pappu Khan, an auto rickshaw driver, had left for work, while the four children were playing outside.Some neighbours saw smoke coming out of the house. \"They rushed inside and saw her on flames. They informed the police and rushed her to SMS Hospital,\" said ASI Bhanwar Lal who is investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843526", "title": "Needless procedures plaguing hapless patients: World Bank", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unnecessary procedures on hapless patients have not just become a menace in private hospitals, but are also becoming rampant in government facilities.The World Bank report on health insurance commissioned by the Union health ministry says that the new government- sponsored health insurance schemes like the flagship Rashtriya Swastha Bima Yojana (RSBY) has found evidence of unnecessary care.RSBY has found that certain hospitals perform many more hysterectomies than required, or combine hysterectomies with simultaneous salpingo-oopharectomies (the removal of an ovary together with the fallopian tube), which entitles the facility to claim additional charges for one more treatment package.There were similar claims for hernia combined with appendectomy to maximize revenues from the scheme.Monitoring data from Aarogyasri - a health insurance scheme run by Andhra Pradesh government \u2014 also suggests that certain procedures like appendectomy, hysterectomy, laminectomy/discectomy and renal stone lithotripsy were experiencing provider induced demand.\"Insurance coverage is resulting in higher utilization among beneficiaries. Adverse selection does not appear to be a major problem for the new wave of government sponsored health insurance schemes because most are free or at a negligible cost and often automatically cover all eligible beneficiaries. However, moral hazard and early signs of unnecessary care and substitution of inpatient for outpatient services are worrisome, and will require tough control measures,\" says the World Bank report.Anecdotal evidence also suggests that some schemes may also induce overinvestment in tertiary care and expensive technologies (like CT scanners and cardiac catheterization units) at the expense of investments in ambulatory care, prevention and coordinated networks.\"Healthcare in India is inexpensive when compared with costs in countries in the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ). Nevertheless, care is probably not inexpensive in relation to the income of the vast majority of its citizenry, but if insurance drives a hospital-based system, costs will escalate beyond what the country can afford,\" the report adds.Now, more Indians have some form of health insurance. The country's public financing for healthcare is less than 1% of the world's total health expenditure, although it is home to over 16% of the world's population.Families meet almost 70% of their health expenses out of their own pockets, placing considerable financial burden on poor households, often pushing them deeper into poverty.The World Bank report, authored by Gerard La Forgia and Somil Nagpal, finds that over the last five years, government-sponsored schemes have contributed to a significant increase in the population covered by health insurance in the country.Over 300 million people, or more than 25% of India's population, gained access to some form of health insurance by 2010 \u2014 up from 55 million in 2003-04. More than 180 million of these were from below the poverty line.The report projects that more than 630 million, or about half of the country's population, can be covered with health insurance by 2015. By this time, spending through health insurance is also likely to reach 8.4% of total health spending, up from 6.4% in 2009-10, the study says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16844919", "title": "9 to 4 power shutdown today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Many parts of the city would remain without power on Wednesday as electricity department plans to carry out maintenance works ahead of Diwali.There will be no supply from 9am to 4pm in parts of sectors 2, 11, 15, 18, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 44, PGI Colony, Khuda Alisher, Khuda Lahora, Manimajra, Chaman Colony, Dhanas, Sarangpur, Aman Colony and Khuda Jassu.Officials from the department said it was an annual task where the faults were repaired so that no inconvenience was caused during festival season. \"During the maintenance drive, we change faulty feeders and wiring. The maintenance work began five to six days ago and will go on till Diwali,\" they said. Meanwhile, Sector 48-A was without power for almost 12 hours as the department could not fix a transformer that conked off around midnight. \"The supply was snapped around 1.30am and was restored at 2pm, that too after making frantic calls to the sub-station,\" said Ramninder of a housing society. \"There was a cut in Sector 25 on Saturday also. Though the scheduled time for the power cut was 9am to 4pm, it was only restored around 5pm,\" complained Amarjeet, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16844714", "title": "Youth held for raping sister-in-law", "text": "NAGPUR: A 27-year-old youth was thrashed and then dragged to the police station by enraged relatives for allegedly raping his sister-in-law.Samuel alias Arvind Deshpande, a resident of Chandan Nagar in Imambada was booked by Jaripatka police station on Tuesday afternoon.Deshpande, who is a security guard with a private agency, is the cousin of the victim's husband.According to the police, the incident took place on Monday morning but since Deshpande had threatened the victim, she filed a complaint only on Tuesday afternoon after her in-laws convinced her to do so.Police said that being a close relative, Deshpande used to come to the victim's house every alternate day and would stay for hours.On Monday afternoon, Deshpande came to the victim's home. After having lunch together, the victim and her mother-in-law retired to their respective rooms while Deshpande watched television. At around 4pm, he sneaked into his cousin's wife's room. He gagged her before forcing himself upon her. Police said that even though victim's mother-in-law witnessed the crime she couldn't do anything as Deshpande threatened to kill them.The victim narrated the incident to her husband the next day. The victim's husband and other relatives then went to the school in Ajni police station area where Deshpande was employed and thrashed him before dragging to the Ajni police station.Meanwhile, the victim with her mother-in-law filed a complaint with Jaripatka police station. Later, Deshpande was handed over to Jaripatka police. Police said that Deshpande has denied the allegations and claimed that the victim has been lying.\"He claimed that the victim had called him over to her house,\" said police. However, police are probing the case from every angle. Deshpande will be produced in the court on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16846038", "title": "Police conduct search operation in Marad", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police conducted an extensive raid in Marad area on Tuesday. Fourteen people were killed here in two separate incidents in 2002 and 2003. The raids were carried out by a police team led by deputy commissioner K Venugopal and assistant commissioner (south) K R Premachandran, which searched for explosives and weapons.\"It was a routine search, conducted periodically to ensure that the area is totally sanitized,\" said Premachandran.It may be recalled here that the judicial commission that had probed the massacre in 2003 had come down heavily on police for not conducting periodical raids in this sensitive area. Weapons and explosives were piled up at various locations here even after police pickets were erected following the first riot in 2002. The weapons used for the 2003 massacre were stored well in advance and the intelligence wing had alerted the authorities about this. However, police which conducted raids in Marad for the sake of it, failed to recover anything.After the second incident in which nine persons were killed, police began conducting search operations regularly. The area has been divided into two sectors and senior officers have been posted here on duty. In addition to this, there are also 50 policemen working here on a shift basis.There are also two check posts in Marad to monitor the movement of people and vehicles that pass through the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16847939", "title": "Hamid Ali presents 'Jadoo'", "text": "Introducing Hamid Ali, a British Asian Qawwali artist, and a unique talent set to embark on a musical journey in 2012, with the release of his debut single 'Jadoo'.Inspired by the traditional sound, Hamid is a young, fresh voice who combines his Western upbringing and influences with classical Qawwali music. In the last two years, Qawwali has continued to broaden it's reach to the mass South Asian community. In UK, Qawwali is most common among the World Music circuit, through the continued presence of the work of the late great Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan and Qawwali is now hugely popular contemporary Bollywood music, after the global hits of Rahat Fateh Ali Khan .Hamid Ali is a new British Qawwali voice, and 'Jadoo' is a stunning first taste of what is to come from an immensely gifted singer. \"I grew up listening to Qawwali. From a young age, I learnt how to sing some of the famous songs of the great Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan. To me he is the most iconic artist in the world. I hope one day my music and my voice can reach out to the extents that his did and I'm excited about my first release 'Jadoo' to start my journey. Given that I am British, I hope that the British Asian community will support me and my unique style of music. I hope that in the next couple of years my voice will be heard in Bollywood.\"Source : simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843321", "title": "CBI files charges against Yeddyurappa for 'favouring' steel firm", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Tuesday filed its charge sheet against former Karnataka CM B S Yeddyurappa for allegedly granting undue favours to a steel firm in lieu of donations to a charitable trust run by his kin that allegedly caused a loss of Rs 890 crore to the exchequer.In its charge sheet filed before special CBI court in Bangalore, the agency named Yeddyurappa, his sons B Y Vijayendra and B Y Raghavendra, his son-in-law R N Sohan Kumar, JSW Steel represented by Sajjan Jindal, its CEO Vinod Nowal and senior vice- president Vikash Sharma among others as the accused.CBI said the accused have been booked under criminal conspiracy, abetment, cheating, forgery, forging of documents, besides the Prevention of Corruption Act and Section 4 of Karnataka Land (Restriction on) Transfer Act related to illegal mining.Vijayendra, Raghavendra and Sohan Kumar had allegedly violated the norms and purchased a land in Bangalore for Rs 40 lakh between 2006 and 2010 that was notified for acquisition by the state government. The land was de-notified from acquisition by Yeddyurappa in gross violation of various rules, the CBI claimed.The agency alleged that the plot was later sold at Rs 20 crore to JSW Steel Ltd group of companies even though its value was Rs 1.5 crore. The inflated price was allegedly paid as a bribe by the company as quid-pro-quo for not insisting on the recovery of Rs 890 crore from it \u2014 the loss caused to state public sector undertaking, Mysore Minerals Limited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843825", "title": "AIR, DD to get over 1,100 new employees", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first time in 15 years, public service broadcaster Prasar Bharati said 1,150 vacancies will be filled up in All India Radio and Doordarshan to bring in new talent in the organization.\"The government has approved filling up of 1,150 posts in the programming and technical wings of Doordarshan and All India Radio,\" Prasar Bharati said in a statement on Tuesday.These posts are part of the 3,452 essential category posts that were approved by a group of ministers (GoM) headed by finance minister P Chidambaram in 2011.Most of the posts belong to Group B and C which would be filled up by Staff Selection Commission while others would be filled up by the Prasar Bharati Recruitment Board. Officials said the process will be over by the middle of next year.\"This is the first major infusion of new blood into Doordarshan and All India Radio after a period of 15 long years. After approval of the Cabinet for financial restructuring, which involved a waiver of Rs 12,071 crore, this is the second biggest decision,\" Prasar Bharati CEO Jawahar Sircar said.\"It would go a long way in creating quality content for our viewers and help us in facing the emerging competition,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16845461", "title": "Fire breaks out at godown on BPC Road", "text": "VADODARA: A major fire broke out at the godown of Khandelwal Drape Shop on BPC Road on Tuesday evening spreading scare in the locality. Fire brigade officials reached the spot and tried to douse the fire with the help of six fire fighting vehicles. It took the firemen two hours to control the fire.However, no one was injured in the incident. \"The fire broke out around 6 pm. Initially, we sent in two vehicles to douse the fire. But later four more vehicles were pressed in as the fire kept spreading,\" said chief fire officer HJ Tapariya. The godown is located on the ground floor of an apartment that houses other shops and residences.The godown was full of cotton cushions, pillows and mattresses when the fire broke out. Tapariya said electric shot-circuit may have caused the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16844905", "title": "Engineering student attacked near college", "text": "MOHALI: A 22-year-old engineering student of Chandigarh Group of College (CGC), Mohali, Mukesh Kumar, was attacked with sharp-edged weapons outside the institute on Tuesday. The incident has come five days after two students were assaulted in Government College, Panchkula.Around 1.15pm when Mukesh came out of his college along with his three friends, about 12 assailants attacked him. His friends took him to Kharar civil hospital after the miscreants escaped in two cars. A critical Mukesh was referred to PGI where he is admitted to the emergency ward. Mukesh, whose both legs were fractured, was later operated upon.The district police said, \"No case has been registered as the victim is not fit to give a statement.\" \"Eyewitnesses, including his friends and the college security guards, also refused to give a statement. They claimed they could not identify the assailants, many of who were outsiders,\" sources in police said.SHO of Sadar, Kharar, police station inspector Jogi Raj said, \"Prima facie, the motive seems to be an old rivalry. Two of the assailants were college students. During inspection, blood was found on the spot.\"\"Mukesh knows the assailants. He had also told some of his close friends that he would be attacked,\" police sources added.Mukesh's father is a PGI employee. The preliminary medical report of the victim showed he was attacked with swords.A DDR has been registered at Sadar, Kharar, police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16844993", "title": "Institutes to hammer out security measures today", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangalore University has called for a meeting of the institutions to which it has leased out 300 acres of land. These include the National Law School of India University , Institute of Social and Economic Change, National Assessment and Accreditation Council and a few others.The Wednesday meeting is slated to discuss measures to tighten security on the campus. \"On the agenda are issues like installing CCTV cameras on campus, increasing the number of home guards and checking vehicles at entry points. These things have a huge financial implication. We'll discuss how to share these responsibilities ,\" said BC Mylarappa, registrar, BU.The issue has also led to a bitter spat between the two varsities. Mylarappa reiterated that it's unfair to blame BU for the incident. \"At the meeting, I will also pressure them to restrict their students' movements after 7pm. It's their responsibility to take care of their students. If anything happens to them, we cannot take the blame every time,\" he said. Asking students to lock themselves inside hostels after a particular time is not the solution.Enough security should be provided in and around the campuses. We feel safe inside the NLSIU campus. It is the BU campus which is open. A university with such a huge campus should not rely on police for security, rather it should make its own arrangements. As far as instructions from the college on our safety are concerned, we already have some rules in place which were only reiterated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843661", "title": "Businessman rapes minor seeking job", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 16-year-old girl was raped by a transport company owner in west Delhi last Sunday when she met him for a job. Police said the Class VIII dropout was sexually assaulted by Chanra Mohan Kashyap at his office in Punjabi Bagh even as her mother waited outside.The girl, who stayed with her single mother, wanted to help her financially. \"She had applied at many places. On Saturday, she received a call from the transporter. The girl said her mother was asked to stay outside. Kashyap then locked the room and raped her. He also threatened the victim with dire consequences if she reported the crime. But she informed her family members, who complained to police on Monday. The medical report confirmed rape,\" said a police officer. Kashyap, who had fled, was caught on Tuesday.Police said they are trying to ascertain if Kashyap has a criminal record. \"The accused is trying to mislead us by saying he was acquainted with the victim. The girl has denied this,'' said an officer. Additional CP (west) V Renganathan said a case of rape has been registered at the Punjabi Bagh police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16845570", "title": "Fairer sex, unfair numbers", "text": "It is generally believed that chief minister Narendra Modi's charisma has attracted an army of dedicated women voters in Gujarat. But even charisma has not helped in bridging the gap between men and women voters in the state.Ever since Gujarat's formation in 1960, men have always beaten women to the ballot box. Roughly 10 per cent more men have cast their votes in every election till now. Only the 1995 and 2007 elections were exceptions, where the gap was five per cent.No wonder, the Election Commission (EC) has launched a drive to improve participation of women in the electoral process with Systematic Voters' Education And Electoral Participation (SVEEP). The aim is to increase participation of youth and women. EC officials say they are planning a campaign to disseminate information, developing a cultural habit of voting, helping voters overcome the psychological barrier and reaching out to young women to increase their participation. Observers say that in rural areas men often do not allow women to come out in large numbers to vote. There is also a lack of awareness among women voters here.\"With large-scale awareness campaigns and more women candidates in the fray, the gap will narrow in the coming days,\" believes Jayshree Patel, president of BJP Mahila Morcha in Gujarat. She says during civic body elections where more women candidates contest, more women line up outside polling booths to cast their vote. Because bijli-sadak-paani issues affect them directly, they participate willingly.Political awareness will grow with campaigns to draw out the fairer sex and could lead to more participation by then, EC officials say. Similarly, Sonal Patel, president of the Gujarat Pradesh Congress Mahila Morcha says apart from other reasons, social barriers in rural areas played a key role in low turnouts.Times ViewEC must devise ways to draw out women votersIt does no credit to Gujarat that the percentage turnout of women voters on polling day has always been far lower than men. This is a poor indicator of their empowerment in a supposedly progressive state. In 2010, even Bihar reported a higher turnout of women than men. The Election Commission, which has been galvanizing first-time voters, must devise ways to draw out women and ensure their equal participation in the democratic process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16844114", "title": "Industrialists step up heat against demand for enhancement money", "text": "GURGAON: Opposition to Haryana State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation's (HSIIDC) latest demand for enhancement money is gaining strength in Manesar. On Tuesday, industry owners from the IMT staged another demonstration in their area, barely two weeks after a similar protest was held here against the enhancement issue earlier this month. Protesters, this time, were seen carrying placards bidding the state government to 'save industry,' and calling the enhancement orders against the 'spirit of entrepreneurs.'Plot owners in this area have been asked by the HSIIDC to cough up an extra Rs 3,552 for every square metre on their old allotments. This new move followed the Supreme Court's recent order asking the corporation to compensate farmers from whom the land here was acquired by a revised sum of Rs 20 lakh per acre. Now the development corporation has passed the hat to the industrialists, while the industrialists argue that the HSIIDC should itself be paying off the compensation money using its own 'surplus funds.'\"We will be having another protest on October 30 at Manesar village's mahapanchayat. Industrialists, workers and farmers are all with us in this,\" said Jagdish Kukreja of the Manesar Industries Welfare Association (MIWA,) the body which organized the protest.The association is now planning to team up with the members of India Against Corruption , who are also expected at the coming mahapanchayat. \"We might shut all our industries on the next day of protest. We are still considering this, but it remains an option,\" Kukreja added.Industrialists have also decided to start an RTI campaign, to assess and audit the financial dealings of the corporation. \"It was decided to file several hundred RTIs to examine HSIIDC's records in their office and do an audit. Our aim would be to find out the details of their functioning and to see what they have done with the huge profits they have made over the years,\" said a MIWA representative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16847952", "title": "Chiranjeevi to launch Yamuduki Mogudu audio", "text": "Megastar Chiranjeevi will be the chief guest for the audio release of Allari Naresh's Yamuduki Mogudu, a socio-fantasy film. Yamuduki Mogudu (1988) was a super hit yesteryear film starring Chiranjeevi and such the makers have decided to launch the audio of the Allari Naresh's starrer (having the same titled) through Chiranjeevi.The film's logo launch also took place on Chiranjeevi's birthday (August 22) and further has Chiranjeevi's famous number 'Atto Attamma Kutura' from the hit film Alluda Mazaka remixed. Directed by E. Satthi Babu and produced by Chanti Addala, Yamuduki Mogudu has Richa Panai playing the lead actress while yesteryear actress Ramya Krishna will be seen in an important role. Shayaji Shinde will be seen as Lord Yama.The audio of Yamuduki Mogudu, which is all done except for a song, will be launched in the week of November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16843230", "title": "Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee president meets Sonia Gandhi to discuss polls", "text": "SHILLONG: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) president, DD Lapang met the party supremo Sonia Gandhi on Monday to apprise her of the political scenario of the state, a communique issued by MPCC secretary in-charge publicity and media Manbor S Warjri said.Handing over a report to the party president, Lapang apprised Gandhi of \"all procedures and steps taken by the MPCC pertaining to the application process and selection of party candidates for the forthcoming assembly elections, starting from the Block Congress Committees to the District Congress Committees and finally to the MPCC,\" the release said.Lapang told Sonia that the selection of candidates for the MPCC was going on and that all application forms would be scrutinized and sent to the State Election Coordination Committee and then forwarded to the AICC for final approval. \"Lapang assured the party president of hard work to produce good results in the ensuing state elections. Sonia said state party members should unite and work hard. She assured that the AICC will be with the state party all the way,\" a source said.When informed of the large number of women aspirants this time round, Gandhi said they ought to be encouraged, but candidates must not be chosen according to their gender. The first criteria for selection of party candidates should be their ability to win.The MPCC president also met Gandhi's political secretary Oscar Fernandez and Ahmed Patel and discussed party matters, including the political situation in Meghalaya.Later, Lapang accompanied by Union MoS for water resources, Vincent H Pala and Meghalaya forest minister Prestone Tynsong met Union minister for rural development, Jairam Ramesh, who reportedly promised implementation of 21 PMGSY schemes covering 90 km at an estimated expenditure of about Rs 80 crore in Meghalaya. Ramesh told the Meghalaya Congress delegation that he would be convening a meeting in mid-November for disposal and sanction of the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16845250", "title": "Unnecessary surgeries", "text": "Increase in the number of surgeries over the past few years raises the question whether all surgeries prescribed by doctors are required for the patients or not. Contrary to the Hippocratic Oath taken by doctors, some of them see patients as money-minting machines and prescribe unnecessary operations for them. Noted surgeon Dr Ahmad Abdul Hai, said, \"There are black sheep in every community. Some people, say about 2% of doctors, indulge in such practices. However, it gives a bad name to the whole community.\"He added, \"The issue is not whether someone can afford surgeries or not. If it is not required, it shouldn't be done.\"Not many doctors or hospital administrators were ready to comment on the matter. Sr Jackulin Jesu, administrator, Kurji Holy Family Hospital, said, \"Such practices may be happening in small clinics but we're not aware of it. We provide treatment to our patients as per their needs and are not here to make bills.\"State president of Indian Medical Association, Dr Arun Kumar Thakur, said, \"I don't agree with such allegations that doctors recommend unnecessary surgeries. Surgeons don't have scarcity of work. Moreover, a lot of risk is involved in a surgery.\" He added that some doctors may prescribe medical investigations that are uncalled for, but not surgeries.'More women breastfeed their baby'There is no substitute to mother's milk for a baby and women in Patna make sure that their baby gets the best nutrition. Dr Sheela Sharma, retired head, obstetrics and gynaecology department, Patna Medical College, said, \"Breastfeeding has become very popular among women these days. Almost 100% women want to feed their baby with their milk as it is the best for the baby.\"Dr V Kapoor, medical director and paediatrician, Kurji Holy Family Hospital, Patna, said, \"Most of the mothers breastfeed their kids. There are very few women who have to go early for their jobs or don't want to get up at odd hours to feed the baby and so resort to cow milk and other substitutes.\" She added that most of the medical complications relating to lactating mothers can be cured with medication.On a different note, gynaecologist Dr Shanti Rai said that mothers have to be persuaded a lot to breastfeed their baby. \"The women attendants with them are also not of much help and we have to work a lot to make them feed their babies,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16844390", "title": "Caesarean births on the rise in Patna", "text": "PATNA: Motherhood is said to be one of the best feelings in the world. There was a time when women used to go through almost unbearable pain to feel the pleasure of holding their little ones in their arms. However, in recent times, there has been an increase in the number of women requesting for caesarean section (C-section) births rather than going through normal labour pain and delivery. Doctors in the city attribute it to rise in awareness level, risk-averse patients and doctors, fear psychosis among pregnant ladies and late marriages.Dr Sheela Sharma, retired head, obstetrics and gynaecology department, Patna Medical College, said, \"The number of C-section births has actually risen in the past few years; however, a doctor decides the line of action, not the patient.\" Asked about the reason for higher C-section births, Dr Sharma replied, \"Majority of women marry late and have kids even later. As age advances, bones become hard and normal deliveries become difficult.\" She said many a time women don't want to go through long labour. \"Couples usually plan one or two kids these days and educated women, don't want to take any risk with their deliveries,\" she added.Earlier in May, World Health Statistics (WHS), 2012, revealed that 9% of all births in India were by caesarean section, an increase of about 5% between 2005 and 2010. Dr Meena Samant, senior consultant, obstetrics and gynaecology, Kurji Holy Family Hospital, Patna, said, \"Requests for C-section births have increased by 2-5% as more women want to go for operation. However, as doctors we try our best to counsel them to at least first try normal labour, as C-section births may have complications, both during and post delivery.\"Dr Samant said, \"A large number of women fear that something may happen to them or their baby in normal delivery, so they insist on C-section. However, we do not give in to their demands if it is not absolutely necessary.\" She added, \"Only a few days back, a woman was requesting for Caesarean delivery, since her first normal delivery had some complications. But, we counselled her and she delivered a healthy baby without any operation.\"However, the trend of going under the knife for giving birth at an auspicious \"muhurat\" is sill unheard of in the city. Noted gynaecologist Dr Shanti Rai said that women from rural areas too request for C-section births. \"However, they need to be counselled a lot to try normal deliveries,\" she said, adding, \"Nobody wants to take risk with their baby. Even doctors don't want to put the mother or baby in danger and hence go for operation.\"A 28-year-old resident of Patliputra Colony, who works in a private bank and recently gave birth to her first child, said, \"Initially, I wanted to go for an operation for my delivery as I feared pain and didn't want to take any risk with the baby. The way television shows women screaming during labour pain really freaked me. My husband supported me too, but the doctor was adamant on giving normal labour a try. So I had to give in and finally delivered through normal labour.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16845133", "title": "Firm seeks review of SC car film order", "text": "MUMBAI: Garware Polyester Limited, producers of Garware Suncontrol films, has filed a review petition on the Supreme Court order prohibiting use of films or any material on glass panes of vehicles.The company controls nearly 80% of India's sun film market. Firm officials refused to comment saying the matter was sub judice. However, some dealers, having an annual turnover of Rs 1 crore, said the order had put them out of business.A dealer in Vile Parle said, \"We have stopped selling tinted films.\" He said installing films adhering to the permissible levels cost over Rs 5,000 per car. \"With the police drive against the films, we have motorists coming to get them removed,\" he said. There are nearly 600 sun control film dealers in Mumbai.The traffic police on Tuesday recorded 2,300 cases against motorists using dark films on their vehicle panes. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843437", "title": "MotoGP riders are used to broken bones: Alvaro Bautista", "text": "NEW DELHI: The life of a MotoGP rider is always on the edge. A long scar running down the hand of young Alvaro Bautista tells you that.The San Carlo Honda Gresini rider was in the Capital on Tueday en route to Sepang and spoke to TOI about the dangers of competing in MotoGP. \"Every rider is used to a few broken bones on the track. No matter how careful you are, accidents can't be avoided on the track when your are riding at the kind of speeds we do,\" Bautista told TOI on Tuesday.This is only the third year for Bautista in MotoGP and first year with the Gresini team. The young Spanish rider came into the team after the death of Marco Simoncelli in last year's Malaysian GP .Bautista and Simoncelli shared a close but competitive relationship since his 250cc series days. Ironically, it took the latter's death for Bautista to finally start his progress in MotoGP. \"The safety on the track is really high. But Simoncelli's accident is something that happens rarely. He had crashed in such a place that the other riders couldn't have done anything to avoid him.\"You can have the best of helmets and the best of leather but you can't do anything in the scenario Simoncelli found himself in. We had plenty of good battles on the track, like races in Catalunya and Donnigton Park in 2008,\" Bautista, who achieved the first podium of his career in San Marino last month. \"I got the first podium of my MotoGP career last month and got another one in the last race in Japan.\"Sepang is my most favourite track in the world and I'm hoping for a good result there as well,\" Bautista, who will be accompanied by a couple of winners of Castrol1 -- the sponsors of Gresini team -- contest to Sepang, said.The young rider though rues about missing out on a few laps at the Buddh International Circuit at Greater Noida. \"India have hosted their first F1 Grand Prix last year and that is a huge step towards promoting motorsports in a country,\" the 27-year-old said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16845304", "title": "Navratri: The Goddess is here, and so are festivities", "text": "INDORE: The nine-day Navratri festival began in the city on Tuesday with people (particularly Gujaratis) setting up Garbas (clay matkis which symbolizes Goddess Durga) besides many installing idols of the goddess in their homes.Vijaynagar resident, Sheetal Kanadia installed the idol of Goddess Durga in her home, and decorated her house to welcome the Goddess on Tuesday. \"We performed the Ghat Sthapana in the morning, I also had my daughter dressed up in the traditional Chaniya Choli for the occasion, we've been celebrating the festival for the last 30 years now, and this is going to be the first Navratri for my one-year-old. We observe fast for eight days, and on the ninth day we offer a lavish Naivedya (bhog) to the kuldevi, said Sheetal.\"\"The naivedya comprises 12-15 dishes including Lapsi, churma, kheer, talwat and khichadi. We also offer the Goddess Atte ke khilone like dolls and animals, she added.\"\"We have been installing Garba at our home since 40 years\" said Mayuri Pitroda, resident of Snehlataganj, adding \"we Gujaratis celebrate each day of Navratri with great pomp and show, we rejoice in every moment of the nine-day festival, we worship our Kuldevi on the last day, and offer naivedya. On Dussehra, we immerse Goddedd Durga with a soil pot full of sweets and diyas. Also we never see off Durga on Tuesdays or Sundays. But in case Dussehra happens to fall on either of these days, we keep the Goddess at our home for one extra day.Not only the Gujarati community but even non-gujaratis celebrate the festival of Navratri with aplomb. Mukesh Dholi of Janki Nagar has plans to celebrate the Navratri with his family and relatives. \"We are going to arrange for the Garba dance at our home itself, all my family and relatives will get together and play the Garba. This year's theme is Rajasthani, we also change the Shringaar of the Goddess every day, its been almost 20 years now since we have been celebrating the festival with the whole family here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16845189", "title": "Quarrying plea: State, Centre to file objections", "text": "BANGALORE: A high court division bench headed by the chief justice, on Tuesday asked the state and central governments to file their statement of objections in response to a public interest litigation (PIL) challenging mining/quarrying activities just a kilometre from Markonahalli dam in Kunigal taluk of Tumkur district.GR Mohan, an advocate, filed the petition claiming that a Hyderabad-based company has been granted permission for carrying out mining/quarrying in 10-acre area. The petitioner said that blasting during such work is likely to affect the 74-yearold dam. The dam is built by Sir M Visvesvaraya across Shimsha river.The petitioner further stated that blasting will take place within 700 metres from the dam, which is probably the only one of its kind in Asia to have an 'automatic siphon system' .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16845608", "title": "2 held for Mainpuri double murder", "text": "KANPUR: A 25-year-old youth, accused of killing his parents, was arrested. The body of his stepbrother, abducted by him and his maternal uncle on October 9 in Mainpuri, was also recovered on Tuesday. The police have arrested his maternal uncle, a criminal, who plotted the killings.Accused Manish followed the advice of his uncles Satish Chandra and Dhirendra Kumar. The two are criminals and hail from Etawah and Mainpuri districts.Manish and his uncle Satish Chandra barged into the house located at Jalalpur village on Sirsaganj-Sikhohabad highway and shot dead his father Sukhram (55) and and step-mother Sushma Devi (35) in the Karhal police area of Mainpuri district on October 9.The accused had also kidnapped his 13-year-old stepbrother Abhishek and fledDuring investigations, it came to light that Abhishek was Sukhram's son from his second marriage. Manish was born from his first marriage. He did not have cordial relations with his father after latter's second marriage. Since Sukhram's second wife Sushma had more say in family matters, Manish hatched a conspiracy to kill her. After killing his father and stepmother, he abducted his half brother Abhishek and took him to a desolate spot in Etawah's Jaswantnagar area. Abhishek was murdered through strangulation. Manish buried Abhishek's body on the banks of Sengur river in Lal Khaur area of Jaswantnagar.During interrogation, Manish revealed that he used to take suggestions from his two uncles. The motive behind murder was family property and the accused wanted to take command of the house, SP Shalabh Mathur said.Manish and his maternal uncle Satish were produced in court on Tuesday and sent to jail.Awadh Singh, a relative of the killed persons, said that the police failed to act swiftly after the double murder.\"We approached Karhal police. They took no action despite the gruesome murder of the boy's parents. The cops did not do anything. They took the mobile phone numbers of the murdered persons from us,\" he alleged.Following information that the accused were somewhere in Mainpuri, SOG and police raided their hideout on Monday night and managed to nab the two.Cop punished for mishandling body: A police constable in Mainpuri district was sent to lines on Tuesday for showing utter disrespect examining an unclaimed body by foot. Superintendent of police Mainpuri Shalabh Mathur said constable Brijesh, attached with police out-post near Mainpuri railway station has been sent to lines and added that an inquiry had been ordered into the incident. Sources said further action would be initiated against the constable on the basis of the findings.The cop accused admitted during questioning that he was trying to remove the hands of the body from its face but the manner in which he did it was utterly disrespectful. The body was of a man hailing from Kisni area of the district who had committed suicide consuming sulphas tablets. The body was recovered from near Mainpuri railway station on Monday and had been sent for post mortem.Local media persons, who had gone to the spot to collect news, clicked pictures of the police constable touching the body with his foot. Senior police officers took serious note of the incident and took action.Not very long ago, a police officer of deputy SP rank in Sitapur district was removed from his post for behaving in a similar manner using his foot to uncover an unclaimed body's face.Man gets lifer for murdering wife: Pramod Kumar was convicted for murder of his wife by the additional district and session judge VIIth of Kanpur City Sanjeev Kumar on Tuesday and was sentenced to life imprisonment along with a fine of Rs 5,000.The presiding judge acquitted his parents Ujagar &amp; Sukhdev and brother Nandoo from charges due to want of evidence.According to prosecution story, Pramod a resident of Ambedkar nagar under Kalyanpur police circle was married to Sushma, daughter of Vidyavati of Rasoolabad on June 2002. The husband was demanding a gold chain from his in-laws and Sushma had refused to collect the same from her parents.Angry Pramod strangulated Sushma and hanged her from the roof on the intervening night of November 22 and 23 ,2008. The court in its order observed that the parents of accused Pramod used to live in Kanpur dehat and they were not present at that time in the house therefore they were liable to be acquitted. More over the prosecution had also not produced sufficient evidence against them.Two minors gang-raped: The city was rocked by two incidents of gang rape of minors at separate since Monday night.A seven-year-old girl was gang-raped on Tuesday by four persons in the jungles close to Nai Basti in Rail Bazaar.The Rail Bazaar police said the incident took place when the girl had gone to a grocery shop in the afternoon. Four youth lured her and took the victim to a desolate spot and raped her till she fainted. They dumped the profusely bleeding girl in the nearby shrubs and fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16845025", "title": "MPBSE probe committee formed to check 15 colleges offering diploma in education", "text": "BHOPAL: The MP Board will conduct an enquiry into the eligibility of the disputed 15 odd colleges offering diploma in education (DEd) through a seven-member committee that will probe the colleges currently under scanner.On Tuesday, MP Board of Secondary Education ( MPBSE) said that PRO S K Chourasia will be heading this newly formed committee. The board was scheduled to conduct DEd exams on October 8.In the meantime, 15 DEd colleges procured an order from the high court which allowed their students to sit for the exams. While allowing the students to take the exam, the high court asked the MP board to conduct an investigation into the eligibility of the colleges.According to sources, the board had doubts that the said colleges were not recognized by the National Council for Teacher Education ( NCTE), and hence the exams were stalled.Now the committee constituted would probe various parameters like if the students were allowed entrance into the colleges as per existing norms of DEd including the requisite attendance, teacher's training in a recognized school, appointment of a mentor according to norms, entrance exams conducted, internal evaluations etc.The committee comprises CSO Bhupesh Gupta, assistant secretary R R Dehariya, H B Mishra, Umesh Thakur, DEd in charge Ashutosh Dubey and law advisor O P Chourasia among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16843046", "title": "\u2018Rizvi received lakhs as bribe\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Suspended AP State Minorities Finance Corporation (APSMFC) managing director Ilyas Rizvi allegedly received kickbacks from arrested 'tout' Keshava Rao, who in turn was paid off by prime accused Chunduri Venkata Koti Sai Kumar. Sai Kumar and three others were arrested for siphoning off Rs 55.47 crore from APSMFC. Crime Investigation Department (CID) officials said the bribe paid to the officer might run into several lakhs.According to CID officials, Keshava Rao in his confession claimed that he had paid one per cent on the amount deposited by APSMFC to Rizvi. Sai Kumar and Venkata Ramana had given the bribe amount for helping them get fixed deposits (FD) worth Rs 78 crore in Vijaya Bank.\"Keshava Rao confessed that the commission he got was given to Rizvi in envelopes on regular intervals. When Rizvi was questioned about it, he denied knowing Keshava Rao except seeing him a few times,\" credible sources in CID told TOI.Keshava Rao is a middleman between several banks and government departments as he facilitates officials in making FDs in banks. It was through Kesava Rao that Rs 78 crore belonging to APSMFC was deposited in Vijaya Bank. However, CID is hunting for more evidence besides Kesava Rao's confession statement against Rizvi before including him as an accused.Investigating officials said that culprits first diverted the money to the Koti branch of Vijaya Bank and later to the Raichur branch in Karnataka, from where the money was siphoned off in different forms since the Raichur branch was headed by one of the four accused, Naveen Sagar, assistant manager.\"It appears that the role of Naveen Sagar was not just restricted to helping Sai Kumar open accounts in various Vijaya Bank branches in Hyderabad. He helped Sai Kumar and Venkata Ramana in providing stationary material used for FD bond document besides providing the conspirators the profoma for the FD document. The fake FD documents, which were earlier given to APSMFC, are exactly of the same quality as the genuine one with hologram. When the bank officials were shown the documents, they were not in a position to identify the genuine document until they verified details in their computer records,\" the sources added. CID officials have also written letters to officials of the department of stamps and registration, Mahabubnagar, to freeze transactions on the 200 acre land bought by Sai Kumar in Kothur which could be worth Rs 15 crore.Meanwhile, the Nampally Criminal Court heard arguments in connection with the petition moved by CID seeking custody of the arrested four\u2014Sai Kumar, Venkata Ramana, Naveen Sagar and Keshava Rao. The magistrate has posted the case to Wednesday for orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "16844289", "title": "\u2018Fake\u2019 NGO gets sanitation work", "text": "KISHANGANJ: The outsourcing of cleanliness work of the town to an NGO by Purnia Municipal Corporation has created a controversy after the NGO has been found fake.Purnia civil SDO Raj Kumar, who inquired into the entire matter following a direction from the DM, N Saravana Kumar, has submitted his report to the DM, raising many questions with regard to the outsourcing the sanitation work by the corporation to NGO Krishi Educational &amp; Health Seva Sansthan. \"The NGO, prima facie, appears to be fake,\" the SDO told TOI on Tuesday.Purnia Municipal Corporation, at its meeting on September 28, 2011, decided to engage two more NGOs in addition to the one already entrusted with the task of maintaining cleanliness in the town. The NGOs were handed over 12 wards each for the purpose, official sources said. The decision was approved at the corporation's next meeting on December 26, 2011.The NGOs are paid Rs 2 lakh every month for the work.In the meantime, another NGO applied for its engagement for the same purpose and was obliged in breach of the existing norms, raising hackles in the PMC top echelons.The SDO has, however, raised questions as to how the NGO could apply for when there was no advertisement or notice to the effect. What is, however, more important is that the NGO neither submitted its registration number nor the bylaws, as was mandatory, report points out.Rubbishing charges of any impropriety, Purnia mayor Kaneez Raza maintains that the NGO concerned is on state government list. \"It (NGO) was awarded the work on that basis,\" she said.Striking a discordant note, Deputy mayor Santosh Yadav alleged that the NGO concerned was allocated work without inviting tenders, in flagrant breach of the existing norms. \"All this was done without even taking the corporation members into confidence,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "16843086", "title": "Woman thief hangs self in police lock-up", "text": "TIRUMALA: A 19-year-old girl committed suicide by hanging herself to the ceiling in the police lock-up here on Tuesday. The victim, Boya Parvathi, was brought to the Tirumala crime police station on Monday in connection with a theft case.Parvathi was found dead at around 7.40 am. \"She went to the toilet in the police station on the pretext of attending to the call of nature. However, she did not come out of the toilet and later we found her hanging,\" a police official said. Police claimed she was a habitual offender.The accused was brought to the police station following a complaint from a woman who accused her of stealing her gold chain. Police rushed her to the SVR Ruia Hospital where she was declared brought dead. \"We will initiate a departmental inquiry to know the exact cause of her death,\" Tirupati urban SP Prabhakar Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16846307", "title": "Dog sterilization project to kick off in 15 days: NMC", "text": "NASHIK: Five months after the termination of the contract of the Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) dog sterilization centre, the civic body is still in the nascent stages of finalizing the proposal for hiring a veterinarian on contract.The health department has, however, assured that things would be in place in 15 days. The old contract for the sterilization of stray dogs in the city, was terminated on May 6. Since then the sterilization centre had been closed even during peak breeding season.Last year, too, the sterilization centre had been closed for two months when the contract expired. Now with the proposal of the NMC's general body to appoint a veterinary doctor at the sterilization centre, the health department is preparing a proposal for the administration.Veterinary officer Dr P M Sonawane said that he had given the proposal to the health officer last week over the appointment. \"We just got the proposal of the general body to appoint a veterinary surgeon on a contract basis. We will send this proposal to the administration for approval. Meanwhile, if any NGO is interested in carrying out the sterilization of dogs for free, we will accept their proposal as well. The infrastructure will be ours while the doctors will be theirs. We are open to having both, a veterinary on contract by the NMC and the NGO,\" said health officer Dr S G Hiray.He also assured that in the next 15 days, the proposal will be finalized and the sterilization process will begin. The proposal for hiring veterinarians on contract had first come up in August but the NMC was unsure of whether to appoint their own veterinarians do it through an NGO. The health department has now said that the NMC was open to both the options.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16845390", "title": "Medical checkup norms sensitized for mentally deficient girls", "text": "MUMBAI: The public health department has made some changes in the norms for conducting medical tests of mentally deficient children (MDC).According to the Bombay high court directives, the state government has framed new rules in which only female doctors can conduct the medical examination of a girl child in the MDC shelter home. The directives were given last week by additional chief secretary (health) T C Benjamin to all civil surgeons. The session with civil surgeons was attended by Dr Asha Bajpai, child psychiatrist Harish Shetty and Pramod Nigudkar.Bajpai, dean, School of Law, Rights and Constitutional Governance, TISS, said, \"Earlier sexually abused mentally challenged children used to be treated in paediatric wards. But now, it is must for all government hospitals to have a separate paediatric-psychiatric ward.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16845786", "title": "Ma Amba 'aarti' written by Surti poet", "text": "SURAT: Garba-goers may recite the famous aarti 'Jay Adhya Shakti, Akhand Bharmand Dipavya, Padve Pragatya Maa', daily during Navratri. However, very few know that the words were originally composed on the banks of Narmada by a Surti poet Shivanand Vamdev Pandya who later became Swami Shivanand.Navratri is devoted to the worship of Goddess Amba. Devotees, especially Gujaratis, celebrate the festival reciting this melodious 'aarti' for Ma Amba.Swami Shivanand lived at Nagarfalia on Ambaji Road in Surat. He was born to Vamdev Harihar Pandya in 1541. After the death of his father, Shivanand was brought up by his uncle, Sadashiv Pandya. Shivanand's grandfather Harihar Kakdev Pandya, who hailed from Vadnagar, had settled in Surat in the 14th century after shifting base from Mandva Buzargh near Ankleshwar.The Ma Amba 'aarti' was written by him after completing a 'yagya' at Devi Ambaji Temple at Markand Muni Ashram in Mandva Buzargh village near Ankleshwar in 1601.In a book on Swami Shivanand titled 'Swami Shivanand Rachit Aarti' written by a city-based spiritual writer and former chief engineer of water resources and Narmada project department, G T Panchigar has given a detailed account of him and his famous composition.\"Swami Shivanand's ancestors were the caretakers of Markand Muni Ashram and Devi Ambaji Temple in Mandva Buzargh,\" said Panchigar, who writes that Swami Shivanand had become an important figure in Surat among the community.Pallavi Vyas, 75, a retired school teacher, who is the ninth generation of Swami Shivanand, said, \"We feel proud that the Maa Amba 'aarti' written by my great grandfather is recited the world over.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16843585", "title": "NCP blamed for failing infrastructure", "text": "PUNE: The ruling Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) which is in alliance with the Congress in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is squarely being blamed by the opposition for the accumulating garbage, dry taps, dismal public transport, deteriorating health services, proliferating encroachments, illegal constructions and crumbling infrastructure.Nine months after regaining power in the PMC for the second consecutive term, the NCP says that citizens did not give them a majority to rule the city, rendering them helpless. If this would have happened, as in the case of Pimpri-Chinchwad, development would have been smoother and faster. The opposition is refusing to consider the explanation, saying it is sheer political apathy which has led to such a pathetic condition of the city.In July, NCP leader Ajit Pawar, who then held the post of deputy chief minister, had said \"The NCP is the single-largest party in the PMC, but not in the majority. With a fractured mandate, we have limitations.\" He had said, \"The situation would have been different if citizens would have given us a full mandate. In Pimpri-Chinchwad, the party is in the majority and can take unilateral action... but in the PMC, we have to consult other parties before taking any step.\" Local leaders of the NCP are busy repeating Pawar's statements to cover up the party's failure to resolve basic issues.Some of the promises made by the NCP before the municipal elections were a slum-free city, slum rehabilitation, hawkers' zones, development plans for old wadas and free PMPML services for senior citizens. It had also promised a better bus rapid transit system, more cycle tracks and high capacity mass transit roads. An efficient mechanism for garbage processing and e-waste collection, cheaper health services, 100% sewage treatment, replacement of old water pipelines and equitable water supply were assured in the manifesto. All these assurances have remained on the paper, as had happened with the 2007 manifesto.Bharatiya Janata Part (BJP) city unit chief Vikas Mathkari said that there was complete \"policy paralysis\" in the PMC. \"The ruling NCP and its leaders have not resolved a single issue since they came to power. Basic issues like garbage and water have become more grave and the ruling party has no explanation for the same. Every time, they blame citizens for not giving them a majority. If the NCP has no capacity to deliver in the given circumstances, they should relinquish their position,\" he said.Shiv Sena MLC Neelam Gorhe said, \"The NCP has not solved any major issue. Instead, the situation is worsening. Right from basic things like garbage, water and encroachments to larger issues like decisions on Bio Diversity Parks and formation of the Pune Metropolitan Regional Development Authority, everything has been put on the backburner. Citizens are suffering because of the ruling party's apathy.\"However, NCP leaders continue to harp upon the point of no majority. \"The NCP emerged as the single-largest party, but without a majority. We are helpless since we have to depend upon others while taking any decision. In Pimpri-Chinchwad, voters gave us a full majority and, hence, development works could be done faster,\" said NCP corporator and standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere.Leader of the house in the PMC and NCP corporator Subhash Jagtap said the party has to \"consider\" views of other parties before taking any major decision. \"We are putting maximum efforts to fulfill promises, but we have our limitations,\" he added.NCP spokesperson Ankush Kakade said, \"We are not blaming citizens, but a full majority would have definitely helped. Nonetheless, the NCP is committed to fulfilling its promises and we have taken enough steps in this regard.\"However, NCP's alliance partner Congress does not share NCP leaders' views. \"The Congress has always supported the NCP in all the major decisions. We have pointed out flaws in policies, whenever we noticed it. But, overall, the Congress has followed the alliance 'dharma'. As a major party in the alliance, it is the NCP's responsibility to steer the alliance,\" said Congress leader Aba Bagul.Activist Vijay Kumbhar said that the city was heading towards a major mess. \"Ultimately, citizens will suffer because of the political apathy and the administration becoming lethargic,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kumbakonam", "code": "16844835", "title": "Man dies waiting for treatment in Tamil Nadu hospital", "text": "KUMBAKONAM: The death of an 83-year-old man at the Kumbakonam government hospital on Tuesday led to a protest and road blockade by his relatives, who blamed the hospital administration for delaying treatment by nearly three hours. Even though the hospital admitted to a shortage of doctors, they claimed that the patient had been brought dead.Jayapal (83), from Thuvarankurichi near Kumbakonam, was brought to the casualty ward following a respiratory problem. According to his relatives, he was made to wait for nearly three hours in the ward as there were no doctors to attend on him. Meanwhile, his condition deteriorated. Eventually, a doctor attended to him, but by then he had died.Jayapal's relatives raised a hue and cry against the hospital for failing to provide emergency treatment to him, and blocked roads, which caused traffic disruption for some time. Police rushed to the spot and pacified the protesters, after which they dispersed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16844575", "title": "Gum ka fasana: Bumper guar crop helps farmers float political party", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan's guar gum farmers are full of beans these days. From Rs 10,000 per quintal, the price of the wonder bean has jumped to Rs 1 lakh per quintal in the past year, a result of a sudden surge in its demand in the international market, particularly the west where it helps bring down the cost of drilling for oil.Guar gum, which comes from the commonly known guar phalli, has numerous other uses - from pharma to explosives. But, now it seems guar gum is helping farmers, who made millions from producing it, launch a political party.In Sri Ganganagar, empowered and enriched by the magical gum, several farmers have united, breaking caste and religious barriers, to launch the Zamindara Party. They now plan to contest 200 seats in Rajasthan's next assembly elections. For the Congress and BJP , the guar gum party could prove to be a sticky proposition.\"So far we have received membership of more than 3.5 lakh farmers from Rajasthan. We are ready to fight upcoming polls,\" said Rajendra Jani, one of party's founding members.The first indications of the farmers starting a political party came when BD Agarwal, a guar merchant and working president of Sir Chhoturam Kisan Samiti, offered a donation of Rs 100 crore for building a government medical college in Sriganganagar. But it was turned down by the state government. Undeterred in his zeal for social service, Agarwal met like-minded farmers to start their political organization. \"We want only farmers in the organisation to contest election,\" said Agarwal.Agarwal criticized the political parties for not taking care of farmers' interests. \"A few years ago, loans given to farmers amounted to Rs 3 lakh crore, which has now increased to Rs 4.5 lakh crore. The government is ready to give more loans. But, this would only increase farmers' burden. They are under debt and many farmers want to quit farming,\" Agarwal said.He said his organisation's aim is to help farmers get the best possible cost for their crops as per World Trade Organization's best prices.\"Rajasthan produces 90% of the country's guar gum. I bought a new tractor after selling my crop and other electronic equipment. There's a large number of farmers whose life has changed completely because of guar gum prices,\" said farmer, Rajendra Jani.Gum ka fasana* Guar gum is produced from guar beans. Seeds are dehusked, milled and screened to get gum* World market of guar gum estimated at 150,000 tons annually* With exports worth Rs 1,110 crore, India accounts for about 80% of its tradeUses* Paper: improves sheet formation, folding and denser surface for printing* Explosives: waterproofing agent* Pharma: binder in tablets; main ingredient in bulk-forming laxatives* Cosmetics and toiletries: thickener in toothpastes, conditioner in shampoos* Oil and gas drilling, hydraulic fracturing* Food: used in sweets; chewing gum", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16844174", "title": "Police to visit puja pandals for inspection", "text": "HAZARIBAG: All 35 puja pandals have been issued licenses in the city. \"Those who will flout the terms and conditions of the licenses will not be allowed to conduct puja,\" said SP Manoj Kaushik at the central peace committee meeting in the town hall here on Tuesday, adding that he will personally inspect each of the pandals.The conditions laid down are that the pandals should install fire control devices, have separate exit and entry points for male and female pandal hoppers, have drinking water and full proof arrangement for installation of electrical gadgets in the pandals. Besides he also advised the organizers to deploy trained volunteers at the pandals for controlling the crowd.Police and security personnel will be deployed to assist them. He also appealed to the organizers to pay special attention for maintaining communal harmony as this year Bakrid festival is also clashing with the Durga Puja celebrations.Hazaribag sadar SDO Rachna Bhagat, who is also the chief executive officer of the Hazaribag municipality, said arrangements for smooth supply of drinking water and power during the festival will be uninterrupted. She also said at any cost immersion of all the Durga idols must be completed on the same day as per the time mentioned in the licenses.She assured that they are taking measures to fill the big potholes in most of the roads of the town. Repair for all 47 roads will start just after the pujas as they have already issued tenders for the same. She assured the citizens that this time there will be no unskilled person involved in the construction work or use of any inferior quality materials as she will monitor the construction work for maintaining transparency.Because of high prices of materials and garments, shopping has been a low key affair here. The city is also struggling with an acute power crisis and despite assurances the situation has not improved. BJP MP Yashwant Sinha said, \"I will take up this issue with the chairman of the JSEB.\" The situation, however, remains the same.The special feature of this year's Dussehra celebration will be the revival of \"ravan vadh\" at the Hazaribag Stadium to be held for the first time in the past 25 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16844803", "title": "Kanagam so near to the Chennai, yet so far", "text": "CHENNAI: This area in Chennai may boast of providing a road to future to many, but it does not have a proper road connecting it to the rest of the city. Kanagam, a neighbourhood near Adyar, is an island of sorts. The 4th Cross Street in CIT campus, the only connecting road between Kanagam and the rest of the city, is in a bad condition with trenches and pits filled with garbage.The road, which connects Kanagam with Rajiv Gandhi Salai, boasts of several institutes of repute, such as Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Computer Society of India and Institute of Hotel Management Catering Technology and Applied Nutrition. Despite having so many institutions on its periphery, the road is in an abysmal condition.Residents and students complained of frequent waterlogging and garbage-filled pits. Even a light shower creates water stagnation up to a depth of three to four feet. \"There is hardly any space to walk,\" said a resident. Cattles and humans jostle for space on the road filled with slush. The suffering of the residents do not end here. There are no banks, post offices and medical facilities here.G Arynagiri, a guard at the Institute of Hotel Management, said: \"I have been working here for the past five years. The road has never seen a repair. It becomes a nightmare after rain. Vehicles are stranded in stagnated water. We have seen motorists and pedestrians slipping and falling in the thick slush many a times. Though no serious accident has occurred so far, the open trenches are an invitation to a disaster.\"\"Only buses bearing route number 23M (from Taramani to T Nagar) ply through this area. Even private vehicles like autorickshaws and share autos do not ply here due to the poor condition of the road. Schoolchildren have to cycle on the roads here which are not even fit for walking,\" said Mani Suganthan, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16845027", "title": "Strike called off, motorists can fuel up in peace", "text": "BANGALORE: Motorists in the city can heave a sigh of relief for now \u2014 petrol bunk owners have called off their 'single shift' protest.The decision to drop the protest \u2014 to remain open only for one shift during the day/night \u2014 was taken by the national representative body of bunk owners late on Monday night, following a letter of assurance from three public sector oil companies that their demand for percentage-based margins would be looked into.Confirming the development , Karnataka Petroleum Dealers' Association said their member depots worked normally on Tuesday.Under the single-shift working protest, several bunks in the city had opened from 9am to 6pm, while those on the highways had remained open from 6pm to 6am.\"This is good news. I usually get a refill on my way back home and if bunks were to shut at 6pm, it would be inconvenient,\" said Purnima Mathur, an advertising professional who commutes on her two-wheeler between her Basavanagudi residence and MG Road workplace.Purnima leaves home at 9am and her workplace only by 7pm, and was worried whether her vehicle would run dry one of these days.With only 10 outlets being company-owned and company-operated ( COCO) and 25-odd bunks owned by private oil companies, those working single shift had threatened to disrupt the routine of motorists in the city and outskirts. On Monday , most petrol bunks started operations at 9am but many remained open till 10pm, in the face of requests from many motorists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843700", "title": "Man tries to kill wife on Nainital trip, arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was supposed to be their holiday in Nainital but ended with the man being booked and arrested for trying to kill his wife. However, a day later, police are still baffled by the circumstances of the case.The woman's complaint to the police paints a sinister picture of her husband. Anita Upadhay Tyagi, a resident of Greater Noida, has told the Mallital police in Nainital that her husband Ashish Tyagi, a software engineer, made two attempts to push her down a gorge on Monday morning.Anita reported that Ashish tried to beguile her into going out for a walk even on Sunday night, soon after they arrived in Nainital, but she refused. \"The next morning, on the insistence of her husband, she went for a walk. She has alleged that he suddenly pushed her towards the edge of the road. She escaped as a pile of plants broke her fall. At first, she was not sure whether it was an accident or an attempt on her life. However, she claims, Ashish attacked her again when she reached the top,'' said an investigating officer.Anita also told police a passerby, Anil Gariya, saw Ashish attacking her and fired in the air to frighten him. Seeing her chance, Anita said, she escaped and straightaway came to the police station to report about her husband. However, Ashish was already there and told police that Anita got hurt as she slipped and fell while arguing with him. He claimed they had been arguing ever since they reached Nainital on Sunday night.Ashish denied Anita's allegation that he had married again last February. According to police, the Tyagis are residents of the Chanderpur area in Greater Noida. They live with Ashish's parents and have a 3-year-old son.\"We have registered a case under IPC Section 307. We are trying to find out more about the man named Anil Gariya, who told us that Ashish even tried to strangulate Anita and was shouting that she had to die,\" said Nainital SSP Sadanand Date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16845435", "title": "Krishna steals the thunder in International GM Open Chess Championship", "text": "NAGPUR: On a day when heavyweights were caught unawares, unseed Andhra Pradesh youngster mounted tremendous pressure to stun Ukraine's Grandmaster Andrey Vovk in the second round of the Nagpur Improvement Trust International GM Open Chess Championship, which began at the Naivedhyam Celebrations Centre here on Tuesday.While 23-year-old Krishna stole the limelight on the opening day, upcoming young guns from India along with a fidemaster from Bangladesh held better rated GMs to a draw when two Amrenian Grandmasters slept in their air-cooled hotel rooms to lose their second round by default. All other seeded players registered hard fought victories against tough opponents.Krishna, playing with the black pieces, opted for the French Defence to tackle the Kings Pawn opening of his fourth seeded rival from Ukraine -- who is 238 elo points ahead of the Andhra Pradesh lad -- to surprise the experienced GM in 52 moves.On the third board, fidemaster Taibur Rehman from Bangladesh, playing with whites pieces, started with a Queen Pawn opening while third seeded Russian GM Andrei Deviatkin converted the game into Queens Gambit decline with exchange variation. Taibur appeared to be in an advantageous position but the experienced Deviatkin plotted his escape to end up splitting points in a three hours 15 minutes battle of nerves, which saw 55 moves being played.International master Nisha Mohota held country's top ranked GM Lalith Babu in a complicated game after both the masters signed the peace treaty in just 25 moves.Making most of his opening advantage with the whites, Bengal's FM Debaraj Chatterjee held junior national champion Sahaj Grover of Delhi to a 48-move draw.Chennai's world U-12 champion Murali Karthikeyan, who aims to become youngest grandmaster in India and wants to play like his idol V Anand, kick started his journey in the field of heavyweights with a stunning draw against GM Neelotpal Das. Replying to the Kings Pawn opening of Neelotpal, Murali opted for the regular Sicilian defence to hold his higher ranked rival to a draw after a marathon battle of 95 moves.On the top board, the number one seed, Aleksandrov Aleksej from Belarus made light work of the Queens Pawn opening of BT Murali Krishnan in just 38 moves. Similarly, the Kings Pawn opening utilized by second seed Martyn Kravtsiv from Ukraine was enough to tackle the Scilian defence of Gusain Himal in 43 moves.Results (Round 2)BT Murali Krishnan (1) lost to Aleksandrov Aleksej (2), Martyn Kravtsiv (2) bt Gusain Himal (1), MD Taibur Rehman (1.5) drew with Andrei Deviatkin (1.5), Andrey Vovk (1) lost to CRG Krishna (2), Nisha Mohota (1.5) drew with MR Lalith Babu (1.5), Deepan Chakkravarthy (2) bt Hasan Mehdi (1), Debaraj Chatterjee (1.5) drew with Sahaj Grover (1.5), Padmini Rout (1) lost to Ziaur Rahman (2), Vidit Santosh Gujrathi (2) bt Prince Bajaj (1), Neelotpal Das (1.5) drew with Murali Karthikeyan (1.5).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16846533", "title": "Vidya, Bebo not doing Karan flick", "text": "'Vidya's not been approached'There are stories doing the rounds that actor Karan has got a casting coup of sorts by signing on Vidya Balan and Kareena Kapoor for his upcoming film with director Vadiodaiyan. However, it looks like the actress has not signed the flick nor even been approached! When CT contacted her official spokespeople to confirm whether The Kahaani actress has indeed signed a cameo in the film, they denied it. \"For the record , Vidya has never been approached,\" stated the actress's spokesperson.No Rs 8 crore for KareenaStarring Karan, Vadivudayan says the Tamil-Telugu-Hindi venture will have 10 leading heroes in the star cast. \"I've approached Vidya Balan and Kareena Kapoor to be part of the film. Every character will have equal screen space, and the script demands actresses who can stand out with their performances. I'm in touch with them regarding the project.\" Kareena's spokesperson said that the actress has been approached for a Tamil film, but added, \"I'm not aware of the project details.\" Sources tell us that Kareena was not offered Rs 8 crore as claimed for this flick and that she's unlikely to do this film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16843846", "title": "Faridabad Economic Offences Wing notice to Gurgaon builder", "text": "GURGAON: A Gurgaon-based builder has been issued a notice to appear before the Economic Offences Wing (EOW) of Faridabad police on Wednesday in connection with alleged cheating of over 30 investors.The notices have been issued to the builder and the investor to reach the EOW office. A senior police officer said, \"The representatives of the builder, Pal Builders, have been called to join the preliminary investigation. The investors have also been called to bring their original documents on the plots sold to them in different projects.\" The investors had booked in housing projects from 2006 onwards and these projects never kicked off.A senior executive of the builder told TOI that he was not aware of any such notice from the EOW.Speaking to TOI, an investor, Sahil Gupta, whose father had booked a plot in Neemrana, said: \"The project was never completed and the builder cheated all the investors.\" During the pre-launch, the investors had paid 20% to 60% of the price of the plot.\"When the project did not make progress the investors realized that they had been cheated. \"The investors have also filed a case in the Delhi EOW and all of us are waiting for action from the police,\" said Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "16845855", "title": "Congress leader may switch to TMC, trigger exodus", "text": "MALDA: The Congres is all set to suffer a major blow in the district with MLA Krishnendu Choudhury, who is also the chairman of English Bazaar Municipality, and a host of other councillors and panchayat pradhans set to switch to Trinamool Congress just after the Puja. Political analysts feel the exodus may severely hit the Congress's performance in the forthcoming panchayat election.Choudhury on Tuesday held a meeting with Trinamool supremo Mamata Banerjee and senior leaders to discuss the matter.Political observers feel the strife-torn district Trinamool leadership is in no position to take on the Congress in the upcoming polls. So the exodus, in all probability, will swing the balance in favour of Trinamool Congress.It may also be noted that Choudhury did not share the best of relationship with Congress district leadership, especially Abu Hasem Khan Choudhury (Dalubabu). On a number of occasions, he challenged Dalubabu's authority openly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16844141", "title": "Thousands gather in Steel City on World Food Day", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: At least 5,000 people from Bihar, Chhattisgarh, West Bengal and hosts Jharkhand gathered in the Steel city on World Food Day on Tuesday as the day began with a rally from Bistupur to Ram Mandir Maidan, about 1.5km away. In fact, the procession had begun on October 2.Hundreds of people had joined at each stop of the procession that had passed through 27 districts of Bihar, 18 districts of Chhattisgarh six districts of Bengal and 17 districts of the home state. The rally and the public meeting were full of energy with the Satnami dancers of Chhattisgarh performing all the way from the railway station to the venue where they spread their colours by making all other dance as well.The meeting started at the backdrop of the harsh reality of millions of Indians dying in starvation annually in the country.Speaking on the occasion, economist and policy advisor to the Jharkhand government, Ramesh Saran, said the procession had connected people of the eastern region of the country to strengthen the struggle for \"rozi aur roti\".He said this battle should also aim at changing the attitude of the planners and policy makers, whose policies actually increase the hunger of the people. \"All subsidies and waivers was for the rich and not the poor. This had to change and the yatras were a step in that direction.\"Anuradha Talwar, trade union leader from the Pachim Banga Khet Mazdoor Samiti, said despite godowns overflowing with millions of tonnes of foodgrains, there was widespread hunger in the nation which was unacceptable.Recalling a painful incident, Rupesh from the Bihar Bhojan ka Adhikar Abhiyan, said a few years ago, 14 people of Jalhe Bongiya village in Gaya district were forced to dig out and eat a dead goat because of hunger.He also strongly advocated for removing the distinction between APL and BPL categories from the National Food security Bill. \"This was unacceptable in the Food bill,\" he added. Apart from providing wheat and rice, the PDS also need to supply millets, pulses and oil.Kavita Srivastava from Rajashan and convener of the Campaign's Steering Group said the enthusiastic response and vibrant rally and yatras had given a clear message that the fight for a hunger and malnutrition free Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Odisha and West Bengal was actually a fight for the elimination of hunger and malnutrition in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "16844334", "title": "Cops use force to remove road blockade", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Police resorted to lathi-charge at Motipur on Tuesday when an angry mob of local people pelted stones on a police party trying to remove a road blockade on Muzaffarpur-Motihari national highway 28.The mob had blocked the road following the recovery of the body of a 25-year-old youth, Babloo Sah, from the roadside ditch. Locals claimed that the youth, who belonged to Purani Bazar locality of Motipur, had went out of his house after receiving a call on his cellphone on Monday evening and went missing since then. They alleged that he was murdered and, therefore, they were demanding compensation to the bereaved family.But the SHO of Motipur PS, Nawal Kishore Rai claimed that the body had no apparent mark of attack on him. It seemed to be a case of accident. The bicycle of Sah was found beside his body. The body has been sent for postmortem and police were waiting for the autopsy report to ascertain the cause of death, Rai added. The SHO said as soon as the police reached the spot, a mob, mostly of women and children, started throwing stone chips on them. When police failed to pacify them, they chased away the protesters.Locals claimed four bodies had been recovered from the 5 feet deep ditch near Motipur during the last three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16843280", "title": "Cheteshwar Pujara double ton puts IOC in command", "text": "MUMBAI: A double century by Cheteshwar Pujara and his 288-run partnership for the second wicket with Ajinkya Rahane enabled Indian Oil declare their innings at 449 for six against Western Railway 'B' on the second day of the three day Times Shield 'A' division league match at the Western Railway Ground, Mahalami on Tuesday.At the close of play, Western Railway were 88 for four, with Bhargava Meral batting on 45. Balwinder Singh Sandhu took three for 31. Pujara hit 200 (425b, 2x6, 21x4), while Rahane made 124 (291b, 13x4).Meanwhile, a century by opener Kaustubh Pawar and his 173-run opening stand with Suffiyan Shaikh (58) helped Tata Sports end the second day at 299 for two in their second innings against Air-India at the MIG ground in BandraBrief Scores:Division 'A' : Tata SC 124 &amp; 299-2 (Kaustubh Pawar 143, Sujit Nayak 61, Suffiyan Shaik 58) vs Air India 152 (Ajit Chandila 34, Mondeep Mangela 24*; Rames Powar 3-9, Wilkin Mota 2-14, Usman Malvi 2 -41, K Pawar 2-31). Jain Irrigation 309 (Abhishek Raut 116, Amit Patil 59; Kshemal Waigankar 4-81, A Sankalecha 5-55) vs DY Patil 'B' (D Subramaniam 70, Vidut 46, N Parab 44, Pankaj Jaiswal 31; Amol Jungade 4-56)Group B: DY Patil 'A' 115 and 50-3 (A Nayar 2-17) vs BPCL 259 (Anup Revandkar 50, Onkar Khanvilkar 45, Vinit Indulkar 36; Aniket Redkar 3-48, S Chitnis 3-56), Indian Oil 449-6 decl (Cheteshwar Pujara 200, Ajinkya Rahane 124, Abas Ali 42; N Chavan 2-96) vs Western Railway 'B' 82-4 (Bhargav Merai batting 45, Balwinder Sandhu 3-31).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16844960", "title": "Ramleela: \u2018Chachi Tadika\u2019 steals the show", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When it comes to Ramleela, it's Chachi Tadikas's scene that steals the maximum crowds in the city. On Tuesday, huge crowds gathered at the various Ramleelas in city who were staging Chachi Tadika's defeat by Lord Rama. According to the groups that stage Ramleelas around the city, it is the loud acting, eerie laughter, weird make up and different tricks used in this scene that fascinate people, especially children.\"For years Chachi Tadika has been a famous Ramleela character. This is because of the way she has been presented to the audience - she is probably the worst looking character that jumps out of nowhere to scare the audience. All the groups get a chance to play tricks in this scene,\" said B P Gaur, general secretary of Chandigarh Ramleela Mahasabha Committee.For years Ramleela groups has been working hard to make the scene as chilling and off-putting as possible. This year, while in some Ramleelas Chachi Tadika came flying from the roof top, in others she exhaled fire. Some groups even went to the extent of presenting two Tadika in order to add excitement and have maximum people hooked on to the fun.Mohit Gupta, one of the organizers of a Sector-30 based Ramleela, said, \"Every year when we stage 'Tadika wadh' we witness a gathering of nearly 1,000 people. This year we decided to present two Tadika so that we can show her at different places at the same time. Further, in order to add thrill to the show this year we made one of our young actor sit in the audience and had Chachi Tadika take him away.\"He added, \"The craze for this scene among children is huge as they are often spotted peeping inside the green room to catch a glimpse of Tadika.\"Meanwhile, on Wednesday most Ramleelas in city would stage \"Sita swayamvar\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16844912", "title": "Tricity turning nucleus of drug trade in region", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The drug lords are increasing their stranglehold over the Tricity as is evident from the eight seizures of narcotic substances \u2014 opium, opium milk, charas, heroin and poppy husk \u2014 during the span of a month.This, in turn, has raised concern about the supply and consumption of drugs here.The key aspect haunting the investigation agencies is the role of foreign nationals in the drug trade and the commercial quantity of contraband seized.Talking to TOI, a senior Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) official said, \"There is a surge in the supply of narcotics in the Tricity, clearly indicating a rise in consumption in the Tricity. If heroin is being smuggled from Amritsar in Punjab, opium is coming in from Rajasthan, and charas from Himachal.\"A common thread runs through all recent seizures \u2014 involvement of narcotic peddlers wanted by police forces in Chandigarh, Panchkula and Mohali.Balwinder Singh, who was nabbed along with Nigerian Michel Chuk on October 11, was earlier arrested by Chandigarh police for smuggling drugs and was out on regular bail. Accused Chetan and Jitender, alias Babbu, who were caught with opium milk on September 22 in Panchkula, were earlier residing in Manimajra and had moved to Panchkula to escape detection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16844810", "title": "Marks scam: Students may go off hook", "text": "CHENNAI: People in the eye of the storm caused by the semester examination marks scandal in Anna University may still get out of the issue unscathed. Around 35 students of Guindy College of Engineering and Madras Institute of Technology, whose marks were changed allegedly to allow them to pass the engineering semester examinations in flying colours, may not be penalised.\"We have no evidence that the students asked for the marks to be changed. There is nothing to show that they were involved in any kind of malpractice, so we will not be able to take action against them,\" said university vice-chancellor P Kaliraj. \"Action has been taken against the faculty members for their involvement in the matter,\" the VC added.So far, three faculty members have been suspended for their involvement in the issue. Chargesheets have been filed against former additional controller of examinations P Tamilporai, former deputy controller of examinations K P Mani Anand and assistant professor R Sivakoumar. They were given a month to respond to the charges levelled against them. Professor Kaliraj said their suspension could extend to a couple of months according to the university's code of conduct.The marks scandal came to light earlier this year after two professors, Sivakumar and Mani Anand, wrote anonymous letters to the chief minister's cell and senior academics in May alleging that certain students passed their semester examinations with a little \"help\" from the evaluators, who were asked to award additional marks to the students even though they did not merit it.Following the investigation by an inquiry committee comprising senior faculty members of the university, several fingers were pointed at then vice-chancellor P Mannar Jawahar, alleging that he had asked Mani Anand to favour the students while evaluating their answer scripts. The inquiry committee has also recommended that a government inquiry be taken up against Jawahar to investigate his role in the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16845569", "title": "Lease of life for girl in gene battle", "text": "KOLKATA: Seven-year-old Aiyesha Parveen, who suffers from Gaucher disease \u2014 a rare genetic disorder \u2014 has got a new lease of life from a state minister and the Institute of Child Health.Topsia girl Aiyesha is one of only 400-500 kids in India who are lucky enough to have a treatable form of the disorder but the enzyme replacement therapy is very expensive \u2014 costing Rs 4 lakh a month. Her father works in a factory cannot afford it.Fire and emergency services minister Javed Ahmed Khan has come forward to fund a month's hormone replacement. And ICH director Apurba Ghosh has agreed to do the procedure free of cost.The family is relieved that Aiyesha can celebrate Eid without pain.\"For the next 30 days, we can live without worry. Thereafter, the only thing I can do is pray and hope that another kind soul sponsors her treatment for a few more months,\" said Aiyesha's mother Nasreen Begum.Husband Rizwan hasn't told her that the replacement therapy has to be continued for life lest she give up hope. \"I will try to continue to help the family,\" the minister promised.Aiyesha's younger sister Rafat Parveen also has the disease but is more fortunate. She receives free medication from US drug manufacturer Carezyme under its corporate social responsibility since the disorder was detected when she was barely 11 months old. The eldest sister, nine-year-old Nargis, does not suffer from the disorder.Gaucher disease occurs in about one in 100,000 children and is caused by a deficiency of lysosomes in cells. Six such disorders can now be treated with enzyme replacement therapies. India currently has 300-400 patients, who have been diagnosed with treatable lysosomal storage disorders (LSD).Ten-year-old Arian Chowdhury of Shibpur in Howrah is afflicted by a different type of LSD called Hunter Syndrome, where the enzyme replacement therapy is even more expensive. Arian's father Sib Sankar has appealed to the Centre and state government as well as US drug manufacturer to support the treatment but is yet to get a positive response.However, Aiyesha's father Md Rizwan is lucky, albeit for a month. He earns a meager Rs 3,000 a month and can hardly afford to give his family two meals a day.Ghosh, who has encountered a few LSD cases, including Aiyesha, Rafat and Arian, said there were two views about rare diseases: one is that patients should be treated as individuals and not commodities; the other is that given the multiple problems in India, the state cannot spare scarce resources on individuals.\"It is difficult to buy the latter when thousands of crores of rupees are lost in corruption. Aiyesha and Arian deserve a future and our political leaders owe it to them,\" Ghosh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16843254", "title": "Ganga is now a deadly source of cancer, study says", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16845744", "title": "Dengue outbreak in Rajkot: 417 households slapped notices", "text": "RAJKOT: Swinging into action, health department of Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) has slapped notices on 417 residents whose premises were found to be larvae breeding sites that can lead to an outbreak of dengue.Health department officials said 56 cases of dengue have been reported in Rajkot since January this year. Of these, 50 were reported in the last three months only. \"September, October and November are the peak months when mosquito breeding takes place and there is a threat of a large number of people falling ill. We have taken all preventive measures,\" health officer at RMC Dr P P Rathod said. He added that the places found to be larvae breeding grounds were mainly construction sites and common public plots. RMC officials claim that the number of dengue cases reported this year till now are comparatively lesser than the previous years. The number had stood at 908 in 2010 when it had assumed the shape of an epidemic but had come down considerably to 78 in 2011.Officials said growing awareness and early detection has helped bring down cases and help people recover early. \"We have been taking daily report about dengue cases reported from private hospitals. As soon as we come across a positive case, our teams go to the area where the patient resides to carry out preventive measures like fogging, liquid spraying on public plots and distribution of pamphlets to generate awareness among people in the area,\" an official said. Sources said that about 80 per cent of dengue cases reported from the city this year are males.Most of them are schoolchildren and youngsters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16845495", "title": "Sobhana Kumari shifted to hospital", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Vilappil panchayat president Sobhana Kumari had to call off her indefinite fast on Tuesday after her frail health forced police to arrest her and shift her to the medical college hospital. Sobhana Kumari was given immediate medical care.She had been sitting on a fast unto death since Saturday. On Tuesday morning, Sobhana Kumari complained of giddiness and she threw up twice.Her blood pressure and body temperature also dipped and she almost fell unconscious. A medical team was soon summoned and doctors said she should be immediately shifted to a hospital.By noon, amidst loud slogan shouting by the locals, police arrested Sobhana Kumari and shifted her to the hospital. Although she was considerably weak, she declared that she would continue her fast even in the hospital. However, she withdrew her satyagraha by evening after the samyukta samara samithi reached a consensus with the state government.\"I am extremely happy with the outcome. I know our struggle is still on and that the mission is only half-accomplished. But we are glad that the government has finally shown the willingness to agree to our demands which we had been raising for the last 15 years,\" said Sobhana Kumari.Following her arrest, four panchayat members started satyagraha. The members of the samithi said that there would not be any relay satyagraha and that all the four panchayat members would fast unto death.The samithi has called off all other protest programmes announced in the panchayat following the discussions with the government. The indefinite hartal announced in the regionwas peaceful on Tuesday . By evening all the roads were opened to vehicles. Vilappil panchayat is expected to return to normalcy on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16845249", "title": "Price rise doesn't deter Durga puja shoppers", "text": "PATNA: With the 10-day Durga Puja having already begun, Puja shopping has reached a feverish pitch. In fact, a large number of people have completed their shopping. With their wardrobe packed with brand new attires, city folks are ready for their all-new avatar this Dussehra.\"As soon as Durga Puja approaches, I get very excited about buying new clothes. I love shopping and during festivals my mother too lets me spend money without nagging,\" said Richa, a class 12 student. Puja Singh echoed the same feeling, saying her family's total expenses on buying dresses exceeded Rs 5,000 this Durga Puja, which is almost double the amount they had spent the previous year.While branded clothes remained the favourite among girls, many lads stuck to locals keeping 'mahngai' (high prices) in view. \"I am least bothered if the jeans I am wearing are local or branded, and I am happy that I bought two new pairs of jeans without spending much money,\" said Nitish Kumar, a BCom student.The demand for typical Gujarati dress for Dandiya nights too was high among the youth. But since the local stores didn't meet their demand, their only option was online shopping. Said Rati, \"I searched almost all the markets in Patna, but I could not find even one store selling good Gujarati 'ghaghra-choli', so I finally opted for online shopping. Now, I have readied my 'ghaghra-choli' with matching jewellery and footwear to rock the dance floor at the Dandiya night.\"Most parents don't mind spending on clothing during this festive season. Ritu Sinha, a resident of Anandpuri, said, \"Festivals are the occasion for the entire family to celebrate and share happiness; so though I keep tab on the family expenditure on ordinary days, during an auspicious occasion like Durga Puja, all I wish is no gloomy faces around me.\"However, Ramesh Ram, father of two teenagers, said, \"It has been a custom for parents to give new clothes to their children on festivals, so I too bought dresses for my children conforming to our tradition.\"No wonder, branded garment shops in the city are raking in the moolah. The store manager at one of the branded clothes stores at the P&M; Mall, which is famous for its designer dresses among girls and women, said they had a booming business this festival without any puja sale or discounts.He said different designs of suits like umbrella, anarkali and frock suits remained the favourite among girls and women even though they had to pay as high as Rs 4,000 for each piece.Besides offers like 'buy one, get one free', a completely novel scheme has been doing the rounds at most of the stores for the past few puja seasons in the city. To boost the sale of apparels, some stores have applied a new tactic, like the one: 'Buy stuffs worth Rs 3000 and get a kadahi worth Rs 1,200 free'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16848629", "title": "A management course especially for women", "text": "For Indian households, traditionally, managing family business has been the domain of male members of the house. The scenario, though, is fast changing with an increasing number of women involving themselves in family owned businesses. In keeping with this trend, the Family Managed Business (FMB) department of SP Jain Institute of Management and Research (SPJIMR) has recently introduced a progamme - Women Manager Programme (WMP) - tailor made for women looking to involve themselves in family businesses. The programme aims to help women from business families to learn and understand business concepts with equal weightage on family and business issues.Parimal Merchant, director, Family Managed Business, shares the idea behind this programme, \"Women from business families face a peculiar position. Traditionally, they are not expected to work and tend to spend a good amount of their time parenting. In the process, their exposure to the world is limited. Once the children grow up, there is a vacuum in their lives. Family businesses, on the other hand, need talent and 50 per cent of the family talent, in the form of talent in women, remains untapped. Now that business has become gender-neutral, time-neutral and location-neutral, the possibility for women playing a stronger role in their family's business has increased. The programme provides management inputs to these women to help them contribute in thinking for the business.\" The curriculum covers all subjects required for understanding business, family dynamics and individual. It is oriented to get required knowledge to be able to interact with subject specialists. It aims to broaden the perspectives to include global as well as growth dimensions.Merchant informs, \"WMP is a value addition certificate programme where participants gain knowledge about business, family dynamics and self. They learn about these dimensions in general, about applicability in their own situation in particular and eventually making a plan of how each of these dimensions will evolve in next three years. They gain skills of asking the right questions, communication, numbers, computers etc. Finally the programme strengthens appropriate attitudes, builds confidence, conviction, courage and compassion within students.\"Spread over 12 months, the programme gives participants a theoretical as well as practical understanding of business by allowing them to apply the concepts learnt in the classroom in their businesses. Women looking to enroll for the programme should be above 35 years of age and should have an inclination to run business.Courtesy: Educationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16845438", "title": "Vadodara RTI activist gives wake up call, launches Jaagte Raho party", "text": "VADODARA: He has been putting up a fight over corruption, civic issues and RTI since years now, but at a ripe age of 72 years few would have expected that he would launch a political party. Praful Desai, a social worker-turned-activist with his NGO Jaagte Raho, has now launched a political outfit Jaagte Raho Party (JRP) named after his organization.JRP has already been registered with the Election Commission and will also be allotted a common symbol if it gets the right candidates for the ensuing assembly polls. Desai promises to make the party a truly people's effort and its success or failure will depend on the initiative people take in building it.While activist Arvind Kejriwal may have announced his decision to form a political party only recently, Desai had suggested this a long time back. \"I had written letters in this regard to Kejriwal and others quite some time back. I strongly believe that the civil society and political parties can complement each other. The political parties can make laws which the civil society cannot. And the civil society acts as a watchdog over politicians,\" Desai said.Desai himself had started working on the formalities for the party soon after the civic polls in 2010. \"We wanted to put up candidates, but without a formal political party registered we realized they could contest only as independents. We put up one independent candidate and following the polls I started the procedure of registering a party. The registration came through in November,\" Desai said.He had got involved extensively in activism during the Anna Hazare movement. Prior to that, Desai had been active with the Jaycees and the Lions' Club. He extensively worked amongst senior citizens and organized state-level conventions too.Desai, who was holding a peaceful protest in the city during a visit by chief minister Narendra Modi, was ousted from the venue by the police. Desai had filed a PIL against this saying that the police had breached his fundamental right and the high court had asked the government pleader to arrange for an appointment for Desai with Modi to raise the civic issues that he wanted to highlight.Desai had also filed a PIL over the vacancies of information commissioners in the state information commission that was leading to high pendency appeals. The high court had ordered the state government to ensure that the vacancies were filled on an ad-hoc basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16847710", "title": "Kristen Stewart splashes out $2.1m on LA home", "text": "Kristen Stewart had purchased a two-story home in Los Feliz for 2.195 million dollars in August, right after her split from Robert Pattinson , according to reports.The home is just one and a half miles from Pattinson's home, the same one the couple shared before their split, CBS News reported.According to Zillow , the home was built in 1957 and measures more than 3,000 square feet.It features four bedrooms with en suite baths, an additional half bath for guests and a master bedroom with a private sitting room and terrace.Though unassuming from the front, the home is surrounded by lush tropical landscaping and offers stunning views of the valley below.The home has a Tuscan old-world vibe with wide planked wood floors, brick fireplaces and ceramic reddish-brown tile.The country house theme carries into the kitchen, where modern stainless-steel appliances mingle with rustic wood cabinetry and butcher block counter tops.The back of the house is where the action is, with tree-top views, big porches and patios for lounging.It also boasts of a lap-pool and spa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843698", "title": "2 nabbed on robbery charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two people have been arrested for allegedly running a gang that offered lifts to passengers near Nizamuddin railway station and Sarai Kale Khan ISBT and then looted them.The accused, Kamal Mustafa (52) and Sumit Goel (21), are residents of Loni in Ghaziabad and were arrested from the Delhi-UP border area. \"We are questioning them and hope to nab the entire gang soon,\" said a police officer.Police said that the latest victim of the gang was one S Sriram, a resident of Rohini Sector 9 who worked at an MNC at Sukhdev Vihar.\"The victim was standing at Sarai Kale Khan bus stop when four men came in a Maruti car and offered him a lift. After going a little distance, the accused pulled out their weapons, pushed Sriram in between the seats and stuffed a cloth on his mouth. The victim was beaten up when he tried to resist. They looted all his belongings and threw him out of the car,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16845784", "title": "Rs 24L cash seized in 2 days", "text": "SURAT: The flying squad and static surveillance team (SST) recovered Rs 3 lakh from a car in Udhna area of the city on Tuesday. The cash was handed over to income tax (I-T) department officials for further investigation.During the checking, the team stopped a Suzuki Swift car (GJ-5-CK-6166) near Silicon Shoppers on Udhna main road. The squad found bundles of Rs 500 currency notes. Ilyas Multani, a resident of Harinagar locality in Udhna was driving the car and he claimed ownership of the money. Multani, however, did not provide information about his business.\"He could not provide a proper reason for carrying the cash. Preliminary investigation revealed that the money was not for political or criminal purpose. After inquiry it was clear that the money was for business purpose and the cash was handed over to I-T officials,\" said a SST official.On Monday too, the surveillance team seized a total of Rs 21.54 lakh in cash during checking at two locations in the rural areas of Surat district. SST team posted at Sarbhon crossroads near Bardoli stopped a car MH-02-BJ-1161 and recovered Rs 13 lakh cash. Bharat Nisar, a resident of Mumbai was driving the car and he informed that the money was for business payment of textile products. However, as he could not provide valid documents, the cash was handed over to I-T officials.In another recovery, Rs 8.54 lakh cash was found in possession of Bharat Pawar, a textile businessman near Kapletha village on Surat-Navsari road.The crackdown on the movement of cash and recoveries of business money from various locations has created panic in areas like Surat markets where a large number of business transactions are made through cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai ", "code": "16846374", "title": "50,000 more autos, taxis soon?", "text": "MUMBAI : Expect brand new autorickshaws and taxis to hit Mumbai roads soon . The state transport department is considering reviving dead permits and introducing close to 50,000 new autos and taxis . On the flip side, several commuters have boycotted autos and taxis and switched to BEST buses or even walking . BEST officials said their daily passenger numbers have grown by 1.3 lakh , or 3.25%, after the fare hike last Thursday .But transport officials said citizens will eventually return to autos and taxis . \"There is a huge demand-supply gap and we want to reduce this,'' said one . Most new vehicles may ply shuttle routes . While nearly 30 ,000 autos could hit the roads , the rest would be permits for black-and-yellow taxis and cool cabs .A department source said this has been a long-pending demand of various auto and taxi unions and is being expedited so that the city gets more public transport . \"Commuters have been asking for more autos on feeder routes outside railway stations . They want the number of share autos to rise ,\" an official said .Auto union leader Sharad Rao said that merely 30 ,000 new autos will not suffice. \"We have been demanding at least two lakh autos .\" He also demanded that the 40,000 illegal autos should be thrown off roads .An official at the transport commissioner's office said the department will start the process of putting up fare charts on all share-auto routes .With auto drivers preferring not to recalibrate existing mechanical meters and switch directly to electronic gadgets , the RTO expects 70% of the total auto population (nearly 74,000) to get e-meters by the year-end . A senior RTO official told TOI, \"We are surprised to see that several auto drivers want to switch to e-meters . This is a good sign .\"The deadline to switch to e-meters for all autos is March 31 , 2013 . State transport commissioner V N More said he, too, expected most drivers to switch to e-meters within the 45-day deadline for recalibration . \"It will be in their own interests . If they recalibrate the existing mechanical meters , it will cost them at least Rs 400 besides the two to three days spent on the recalibration process . When they eventually switch to e-meters by March next year , they will have to go through the same process again and spend additional money ,\" More said .Another senior transport official told TOI that it was a strategy by the department to make it compulsory for drivers to recalibrate all mechanical meters . \"We knew that drivers would immediately rush for the e-meter .\" Auto union leader Sharad Rao , too, has been encouraging drivers to switch. Rao added that he met the transport commissioner on Tuesday and requested him to set up camps at Andheri and Wadala of meter manufacturers , mechanics and drivers .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16845114", "title": "Nobel laureate in Bangalore today", "text": "BANGALORE: Nobel laureate Sydney Brenner , who won the prize in medicine in 2002 for his work on genetic code and developmental biology, will deliver a lecture on Wednesday.He will give the ICTS Turing Centenary lecture, 'The architechture of biological complexity', at JN Tata Auditorium . It's part of the 100th birth anniversary of Alan Mathison Turing , whose work laid the mathematical foundations of computing with impact on engineering and society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16842826", "title": "Telangana-leaders slam naming of \u2018outsider\u2019 as Angrau VC", "text": "HYDERABAD: Amid protests and closure of research centres across the Telangana region, the newly appointed board of management (BoM) on Tuesday named noted soil scientist Alluri Padma Raju as vice-chancellor (VC) of Acharya NG Ranga Agricultural University (Angrau) at Rajendranagar. The state government will now forward the name to governor and chancellor of the university ESL Narasimhan for formal approval.Padma Raju hails from East Godavari district. Telangana students, the faculty and non-teaching members of Angrau have been demanding the appointment of any scientist from Telangana for the top post. The raging separate state movement and the dispute were the main reasons for the post of VC remaining vacant for over 18 months.However, in an emergency meeting at the Angrau guest house on Tuesday, the BoM zeroed in on Padma Raju, even as students, faculty and non-teaching staff staged a dharna outside the venue.While the agitating students and teachers alleged that the government had presented a case of fait accompli by announcing the name of Padma Raju, BoM members, including Telangana MLA A Praveen Reddy said the decision was unanimous.Since a Telangana VC was already given a chance earlier and the previous VC was from Rayalaseema, appointing Padma Raju from the coastal region was not unfair, he said.Denying that the government 'dictated' the name of Padma Raju, Madakasira MLA K Sudhakar said the decision was taken after verifying the credentials of several applicants. \"The names of 35 members, including several well-known scientists, were considered. Finally, we reached a consensus on the candidature of Padma Raju,\" Sudhakar told TOI.However, a former professor of the university found fault with the way the board selected a candidate in just one meeting. \"As per UGC guidelines, the BoM has to forward a panel of names to the government for the approval of the governor. In this case, the UGC guidelines have not been followed,\" he said.Angrau TJAC chairman N Vasudev said the region had been totally ignored during the regimes of outsiders.\"These vice-chancellors belonging to other regions have totally destroyed agricultural education and research in the region. Telangana has no representation in the management of the university and other echelons of the university,\" Vasudev said. The appointment of a coastal Andhra retired teacher as the VC of a varsity located in the Telangana region is a provocation. Due to vice chancellors' bias against the Telangana region, the 36% quota had never been filled by T-students, he added.\"We will intensify our agitation as there is still enough time to review the decision,\" he said. Incidentally, Padma Raju is said to be popular among Telangana students and the faculty for his valuable contribution to research in the region. After his appointment, he said that he was more a Telanganite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16847279", "title": "Russell Crowe 'misses' wife Danielle Spencer", "text": "Russell Crowe has spoken out for the first time about his split from his wife of almost a decade Danielle Spencer , lamenting how he \"missed\" her.Spencer and her two sons with Crowe now live in a glamourous 10-million-dollar Rose Bay mansion.The Oscar winner, currently in New York where he co-hosted the Indoor Garden Party with Alan Doyle at the Gramercy Theatre on Saturday night, sent a touching tweet to Spencer.\"The Indoor Garden Party had performers from England, Ireland, Sweden, Newfoundland, Canada, US, NZ, Australia, all missed the girl from Rose Bay,\" the Sydney Morning Herald quoted him as writing.While no public comment has been made by Crowe or Spencer after news of the split broke on Monday, the couple are said to be amicable and committed to protecting their two sons, Charles, 8, and Tennyson, 6.Crowe has had a busy year filming a diverse series of back-to-back roles in the past 12 months, with six films including the 'Man With the Iron Fists,' 'Les Miserables,' 'Broken City,' 'Man of Steel,' 'Noah' and 'Winter's Tale' - all released in the next six months.It is this hectic schedule which has seen him far removed from family life in Sydney that is said to have caused the break down in their marriage, with friends saying Danielle was sick of his absences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16843896", "title": "Lord Tirupati Balaji arrives for his wedding", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as devotees prepare to welcome the Mother Goddess on Tuesday for Navratri, the city will receive another set of honoured guests in Tirupati's Lord Balaji and his consorts Sridevi and Bhudevi. The \"marriage ceremony\" of the deities will be held at a function at Shanmukhananda Hall from October 17 to 18.At Tirupati, the ritual is performed daily. Mumbaikars, who await their turn to attend the nuptials in Andhra Pradesh, have an opportunity to witness it at home. Sixty priests from the temple will bring the idols for the 'Srinivasa Kalyanam' ceremony.\"Not everybody can visit Tirupati. We thought of bringing the idols to Mumbai so that we can pray for peace in the city,\" said V Shankar, president of the Shanumkhananda Sabha.On October 16, priests from the Tirupati Tirumala Devasthanam will conduct the 'Vasanthotsavam' ceremony, where perfume will be applied to the idols amid Vedic chants. \"Abhishek will be performed with holy water, milk, curd, honey, turmeric and sandal paste before the special pujas begin.This is the first time the ritual is being conducted outside Tirupati,\" says representative K A Viswanathan.The Vasanthotsavam ceremony is open to all devotees but the marriage rituals are restricted to invitees. Public darshan is available on all three days from 8.30am to 11.30 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16843543", "title": "Ammonium nitrate found in Kasarwadi apartment", "text": "PUNE: The special cell of the Delhi police which searched the two-room tenement in Kasarwadi where Indian Mujahideen (IM) operatives stayed just before the Jangli Maharaj road blasts of August 1, have found traces of ammonium nitrate, wires and batteries at the tenement.Last week, the Delhi police had arrested Sayyed Feroz (37) of Pune, Imran Khan of Nanded and Asad Khan of Aurangabad in connection with the J M Road blasts and other terror-related cases. Feroz had allegedly rented the Kasarwadi tenement and the IM operatives had made the bombs there.A Delhi police team which had brought Feroz to Pune on Saturday night conducted searches at Feroz's shops and workshop in the Camp area and the tenement in Kasarwadi. The team had seized two revolvers and nine cartridges from the house of one of Feroz's employees in Kondhwa.A source from the crime branch of the Pune police said that during the search of the Kasarwadi flat, the police found traces of ammonium nitrate in the dustbin as well as wires and batteries.\"This will certainly help in the investigations,\" the source said.The bombs did not explode properly as the explosives had already caught moisture,\" the source said. Investigations have revealed that a red jacket, found on one of the bicycles carrying a bomb had been purchased by the suspects from the Camp area.The sources also said that there were three more men involved in planting the bombs on J M Road on August 1. \"These men were from Uttar Pradesh. They left the city immediately after planting the bombs,\" the sources added.An officer from the city police said that the Delhi police had conducted searches at Feroz's shops and workshop for more than two hours.The team returned to Delhi with Feroz on Sunday morning. \"The local police helped them get reservations on the train. Before the team reached Pune railway station, heavy bandobast of railway police was deployed at the station as well as inside the compartment,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16845128", "title": "CSJP calls for humane solution to mining issue", "text": "PANAJI: The suspension of mining activity is a time for stakeholders to ponder on finding alternate resources to live in dignity through nature and also looking the negative consequences of excessive mining activity, stated the council for social justice and peace (CJSP).Expressing its concern over loss of livelihood for thousands of workers and small-time entrepreneurs, especially single-truck owners, CSJP, a church organ, stated that it calls for humane and compassionate response from the Goan community.\"They are facing huge financial debts and the threat of losing everything due to their inability to repay their bank loans,\" said Fr Savio Fernandes, CSJP's executive secretary. The CSJP has also called for withdrawal of cases filed against innocent people agitating for their rights. A large number of criminal cases filed by the government and the mining lobby are pending in various courts, it pointed out.\"The excesses and illegalities in mining are now established by the Shah Commission report and found reasonable. This is reflected in the ban imposed by the Supreme Court,\" Fernandes added.While trying to share the concern and distress of the community facing the social and economic consequences of the stoppage in mining activity, CSJP pointed out that the struggle of some locals to protect the environment and their human rights was genuine.\"Their stand has been vindicated. Depletion of ground water due to unregulated mining, acute respiratory ailments, destruction of farm lands, fatal accidents, noise pollution are just some of the problems faced by the people in mining areas,\" Fernandes stated.The current situation offers an opportunity for strengthening the covenant between human beings and environment, as emphasized in the Encyclical 'Caritas in Veritate' (CIV 50) of Pope Benedict XVI, the CSJP has stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16843265", "title": "Sellebrity SC make winning start in MDFA League", "text": "MUMBAI: Sellebrity SC made a bright start handing Mumbai United a 4-0 defeat in a First Division match of the Mumbai District Football Association (MDFA) League, played at the St Xavier's Ground, Parel.Subodh Khandagale struck a brace, while Kenrick Pereira and Sheldon Fernandes added the other two goals to complete the tally of victory. In a third division encounter, Chareles Sam slammed home both the goals to guide Central Railway (Western Region) to a fluent 2-0 victory.Results: Div-I: Sellebrity SC 4 (Subodh Khandagale 2, Kenrick Pereira, Sheldon Fernandes) beat Mumbai United 0. Div-III: Panchsheel FC 3 (Kaushik Patel 2, Smit Rambhai) beat BPCL Refineries 0; Central Railway (Western Region) 2 (Charles Sam 2).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16848330", "title": "KVSR postponed; Mr. 420 awaited", "text": "Golden Star Ganesh's 'Mr. 420' is leading in the race of Kannada films that are releasing on October 19, as the release of the most awaited film 'Kranti Veera Sangolli Raayanna' is postponed by a week. 'Mr. 420' is directed by Pradeep Raj and produced by Sandesh Nagaraj.The decision of producer Anand Appugol to postpone the release of the film has made Mr. 420 the most sought out film for the Dussehra holidays. The film is sure to get a good opening now in all the major centers. The chances of the film's good opening and a perfect theatres combination appears brighter now.Another Kannada film to benefit from KVSR release being postponed is Gokula Krishna starring Prajwal Devaraj and Tamil actress Ananya.Source : chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16847355", "title": "Christoph Waltz signs up to play Mikhail Gorbachev in 'Reykjavik'", "text": "Christoph Waltz has been roped in to play former Soviet Premier Mikhail Gorbachev opposite Michael Douglas's Ronald Reagan in Mike Newell's 'Reykjavik.'The film, to be produced by Headline Pictures, Scott Free Productions, Participant Media and Mark Sennet Productions, centres around the now famous meeting in 1986 between the two head of the states in Iceland that signalled the end of the Cold War.\"I feel very fortunate to have two such masters to portray the men who brought about the end of the third great war of the 20 Century,\" Hollywood Reporter quoted Newell as saying.\"Reagan and Gorbachev were two of the most significant politicians and individuals of their times.\"I'm very excited to see how each of these great actors gets to grips with their role as the history-changing giants we remember them to have been,\" he said.The production is slated to start in March 2013 on location in Reykjavik and Studio Babelsberg and will be based on the screenplay written by Kevin Hood, writer of 'Becoming Jane.'Filmmaker Ridley Scott said, \"The film will offer the viewer a unique look into two larger than life figures - Reagan and Gorbachev - who served as the catalysts for one of the most defining moments in our history, the end of the cold war.\"Scott said that he was excited \"not only by the story and the incredible cast\" but also by the \"larger issue this film tackles that impacts all of us - non-proliferation and the abolishment of nuclear weapons.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843840", "title": "Govt okays 7 BRT corridors under PWD", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government on Tuesday gave in-principle approval for hiring of consultants for seven BRT corridors falling under PWD. Several portions of these corridors are expected to be elevated.In a meeting chaired by Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit on the 14 new bus rapid transit corridors proposed in the capital, the seven corridors that fall under PWD were given a go-ahead after the agency presented its plan. \"We have been given an in-principle approval for hiring of consultants who have been finalized through a bidding process. Four consultants have been finalized for the seven BRT corridors,\" PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan told TOI.\"Several portions of these corridors may be elevated, where required. The consultants will be given six months to submit their study, after which it will be carefully perused and changes made if required. With a large number of private vehicles in the city, sufficient space needs to be allotted to them as well in these corridors which will be ensured,\" he added.The groundwork already done for PWD's East-West corridor project will be made part of the BRT corridors as parts of these corridors coincide, said officials.The total length of the BRT corridors falling under PWD is 105km. Another 124.4km fall under DIMTS, which is also working on seven BRT corridors. The 18.8km stretch from Karawal Nagar to Chilla Regulator had earlier received in-principle approval for the project after a detailed project report (DPR) was submitted by the consultants. The agency told officials at the meeting that they were still working on some changes required in the DPR and the final report will be submitted by the end of this month.The study for the seven corridors under PWD will be divided into four packages, with a different consultant conducting the study for each package. The four different consultants have been finalized by PWD, and about Rs 14 crores is the financial estimate for hiring of consultants provided by PWD.The first package will include three corridors - Narela to Azadpur (15km), Sarai Kale Khan to Jor Bagh (6 km) and Kirbi Place to Tilak Nagar (4.3 km). The second and third packages will consist of one corridor each - Mukundpur to Palam Mor (29 km) and ISBT Kashmere Gate to Shahi Idgah, Mundka, Tikri Border (26.5 km) respectively. The last package will consist of two corridors from National Stadium to Ghazipur (13.2 km) and ISBT Anand Vihar to CP (11km).\"At many places, the road width is less than 60 metres in the corridor from Narela to Azadpur, this results in bottlenecks. There is an elevated metro corridor on the route so BRT bus stands at centre will not be feasible here and it is too congested for an elevated BRT corridor,\" said a PWD official.\"However, elevated corridor may be required at places for the Vikas Marg BRT,\" the official added.PWD officials also said that BRT bus stands at the centre will not be feasible on the Kashmere Gate and Mukundpur BRT corridors and the BRTs along some of these coridors will have to be elevated at places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16843209", "title": "Pandal to depict rhino poaching theme", "text": "GUWAHATI: How apt it is to choose a festival, which celebrates the end of everything evil, as the medium to depict the cruelty of humans to animals. The Rest Camp Kalibari Durgotsav in Maligaon has chosen the occasion of Durga Puja to educate people about the consequences of poaching. The pandal's theme is the cold-blooded massacre of the rare pachyderm species.The pandal, being constructed with eco-friendly materials like jute and bamboo, will display the recent incidents of rampant rhino poaching. Artists from West Bengal are working on the theme, keeping in mind the intricate details of scenes like a beast bleeding to death after a poacher cuts off the horn.\"Poaching has become rampant in recent times. With our artwork, we are trying to display the brutality that the innocent animal is falling prey to. We want to send a message to the visitors so they rise up against such killing,\" said Tapash Naha, secretary of the committee.The Rest Camp Kalibari Durgotsav, which draws thousands of visitors every year for its unique themes, believes that the displays on poaching will educate children as well as adults about the state's natural resources and their gradual extinction. In the past 10 months, 12 rhinos have been poached in Kaziranga National Park itself.The pandal decor will also show how natural calamities affect the cycle of life in the wild. \"We have also tried to display the havoc wreaked by floods this year. Our purpose is to highlight the two most devastating issues in the state,\" added S Bhatta, an official of the puja committee.Installations and artworks inside the pandal also show how the government's apathy is responsible for the deaths of the animals. \"The way the rhinos are being killed every day proves the government is not doing enought to check the problem. It seems that only Maa can save them,\" said members of the body.The puja committee is also going green this year by using eco-friendly materials like jute, saw dust and bamboo to construct the pandal with an investment of Rs 20 lakh. No toxic material or chemical will be used for decoration.The committee has also taken security measures to tackle the huge crowd the puja draws. Last year, close to 20 lakh people visited the pandal. \"We have roped in guards from private security companies. We have also included local volunteers and are thankful that the police have also agreed to help us,\" said Tapash Naha, secretary, Rest Camp Kalibari Durgotsav Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16845157", "title": "Govt opposes new court commissioner", "text": "BANGALORE: The government on Tuesday filed an affidavit in the high court opposing the appointment of retired IAS officer V Balasubramanian as court commissioner to oversee indexing, scanning and digitizing revenue records.The court had appointed Balasubramanian as court commissioner on August 17. Justice Huluvadi G Ramesh had asked the authorities including deputy commissioners , assistant commissioners and the revenue department to extend all help, including police protection , to him during field work.\"The appointment of the court commissioner is virtually appointing a person to oversee the executive functions of the state and its authorities, which is impermissible in view of the bifurcation of the fields of operation by the Constitution of India with respect to each organ of the state. The court cannot appoint the court commissioner to virtually function as an administrator over a particular department . More so, in appointing such a commissioner, the opinion of the persons concerned to the dispute is also required,\" the government said in its affidavit.The government claimed it came to know about the appointment only when it received a letter from the government advocate on September 2. The government said the advocate cannot give his consent without taking the government's opinion.The petition was related to the loss of government records of land belonging to Lingappa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843123", "title": "Man who thrashed cop released for 1 year", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man held guilty of assaulting a Delhi policeman and preventing him from doing his duty has been released on probation for a year by a Delhi court on the ground that he faced the trial for over 10 years.Additional sessions judge Ashutosh Kumar let off convict Bhim Rao, upholding the magisterial court's July order and saying he was a first-time offender. Rao was convicted for beating up head constable Mukesh in February 2002, when he had tried to stop him at a red light.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16844857", "title": "Vellalore residents continue protests sans political aid", "text": "COIMBATORE: The heavy downpour on Tuesday evening was not strong enough to dampen the spirit and determination of P Hemalatha and her three-and-a-half year old daughter as they both protested along with more than hundred residents from Vellalore, demanding the immediate removal of the city corporation's dump yard from their neighbourhood. Holding placards and raising slogans against the corporation it became a unique human chain protest as it was conducted without the patronage of any political outfit or association.\"We have been constantly fighting for the removal of the dump yard from our locality. But the city corporation is just not interested and they have not taken any action,\" said G Rajarathinam, a 77-year-old resident of Vinayagar Koil locality in Vellalore.After assembling at the protest venue a few minutes before 4.30pm, residents comprising grandparents, housewives, men, youth and children from households in Vellalore joined hands and remained there for more than an hour. They expressed hope that corporation officials and the Mayor would at least start considering the available options to shift out the dumping yard from Vellalore.\"We have been protesting for more than a decade and we want the corporation to focus on our plight. It is high time that they start taking the health hazards posed by the dump yard more seriously,\" said B Arunkumar, a businessman from Mahalingapuram.S Padma, a housewife from the locality was also part of the protest and said that the shifting of the dump yard was her main priority as her eight-year-old son was an asthma patient. She added that the frequent fires and smoke emitted from the yard poses a serious threat to the health of her entire family.\"I was also part of the previous protests against the dump yard but this time we are here without the support of any political outfit. Now residents have decided to come forward on our own and take the struggle ahead and we will not back down,\" Padma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "16845499", "title": "Government school in Pattathanam reinvents itself, wins international award", "text": "KOLLAM: Six years ago, the Government SNDP UP School, Pattathanam, faced a tough situation like many other government schools in the state; it was on the verge of closure owing to shortage of students. Taking it all on their stride the teachers and parents of the school decided to bring back the school to its past glory.Their concerted efforts bore fruit as in 2011, the school was chosen for 'International School Award' constituted by the British Council in London. A film made by a group of students of the school against the use of plastic 'Urukunna Bhumikku Oru Santhwanam' was honored in many festivals in the state and the film is being repeatedly screened in the Victors channel to promote awareness among other schools against the use of plastics in school premises. For the last three years the school has been getting the best PTA award in the state.The change the school witnessed in a short span is worth a celebration, feel local residents. The 'souhrida samithy' formed by the locals, teachers and parents of the school is all set to celebrate the achievements in a big way. On Wednesday, there will be a public function at the school which will be inaugurated by minister Shibu Baby John.\"Several initiatives were launched in last six years for improving the condition of the school and to make it a model one. We are now equipped with smart class rooms. Libraries have been established in all the classes in order to nurture the reading habit among the students. This has earned us the 'Kunjunni Mash Vidyalaya Puraskaram' constituted by the Current Books last year,\" said headmaster R Radhakrishnan, who won the best teacher award in state this year.He added that the efforts to improve the standards of the school had resulted in many students taking admission in the school. Six years ago, the strength of the school was below 100 and now, 410 students are studying in the school at present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16847600", "title": "Denikaina Ready eyes huge release in Kerala and Karnataka", "text": "Superstar Ambarish and Padma Sri Mohan Lal were impressed with the audio as well as the action comedy sequences and said that Vishnu Manchu's much-awaited Denikaina Ready will be well received by the audience. Poised to hit the screens on October 24 (October 26 in Kerala), Denikaina Ready is expected to release in 70 screens each in Karnataka and Kerala while Bangalore will be hosting 20 screens.The Audio Launch in Hyderabad, Bangalore and Kerala has already upped the visibility of the film with Super Star Ambarish, in Karnataka and Superstar Mohan Lal in Kerala releasing the audio in a glitzy gathering, also attended by noted celebs and their fans.Superstar Ambarish said the film maker's intension should be to make a good film to attract the audience and Denikaina Ready has got all that will surely entertain audience. He also expressed happiness over Vishnu's audio success meet in Bangalore as it was the first of its kind by a major film company to have the meet outside AP.Actor Mohanlal wished Dr. M. Mohan Babu, the producer of the film, and his actor son Vishnu Manchu success and said the movie `Endhinum Ready' in Malayalam will be well received in Kerala. The film has all the ingredients of a complete family entertainer and further praised Vishnu Manchu for his action sequences, which Mohan Lal himself had witnessed in Hyderabad.The film, which co-stars Hansika Motwani, is generating a good pre-release buzz owing to the trailers-songs and the audio of the movie scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja and Chakri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16844237", "title": "Add a 5-year-old girl's rape to Haryana's decline", "text": "ROHTAK: The Jind police on Tuesday registered a case against an unidentified person for abducting and raping a five-year-old girl. The girl was abducted from near the Ramlila ground in Roopnagar colony of Jind on Sunday night and was recovered from near Devi Lal Chowk three hours later. The police have announced a reward of Rs 50,000 for providing any information regarding the accused in the case.This is another indicator, if one more was needed at all, that shows that Haryana is going south. The vibes coming from the state formed on November 1, 1966 out of the greater Punjab province are disturbing to say the least. The social indicators trickling out paint the picture of a lawless state fast descending into an abyss.Haryana is fast becoming the rape capital of the country, Jaswanti Devi's shelter home of horrors is still a haunting memory, and the treatment meted out to honest and upright officers or in other words those who stand in the way of blatant corruption is the opposite of felicitation. Haryana also surrounds the capital city of New Delhi on three sides, forming the northern, western and southern borders of it. Consequently, a large area of Haryana is included in the National Capital Region. The crime rate goes higher if you consider the satellite cities around Delhi as part of Haryana.\"We registered an FIR of a rape case (Section 376 of the IPC) after doctors who examined the victim expressed a strong possibility of rape,\" Saurabh Singh, SSP Jind, said. \"The victim's sample has been sent to the forensic science laboratory at Madhuban in Karnal for further confirmation,\" added Singh. The victim's family had alleged on Sunday that the girl had been raped but the police had initially registered a case of abduction under section 366 on Sunday. The victim's family alleged that the police tried to hush up the matter and delayed the medical examination of the victim.The incident comes just days after a 17-year-old girl from Sirsa alleged that she was abducted from her house and raped by a man for 15 days after promising to get a job for her and a 65-year-old man was arrested for repeatedly raping a 12-year-old girl for over five months at Ratia in Fatehabad district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16845952", "title": "Radiation from Kerala Metals and Minerals Ltd: Govt\u2019s stand sought", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Tuesday asked Kerala Metals and Minerals Ltd (KMML), the state government and pollution control board to respond to a public interest litigation alleging that KMML's plant at Kollam is causing radiation.Considering the PIL filed by Human Rights Protection Centre, a division bench comprising Chief Justice Manjula Chellur and Justice A M Shaffique ordered for sending notices to KMML, the state and PCB. According to the petitioner, areas surrounding KMML's plant at Chavara in Kollam are at a high risk of radiation due to the presence of thorium, a radioactive material, in the sand discarded by the plant after extracting minerals for its products.The petitioner has asked for a study on the non-masking of radioactive materials contained in black sand. It should be conducted by an expert group consisting of experts in nuclear physics, nuclear engineering and mechanical engineering, the PIL suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16845212", "title": "More trouble for BS Yeddyurappa, family", "text": "BANGALORE: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) which investigated the alleged Rs 39.5-crore kickbacks to Prerana Trust run by former CM BS Yeddyurappa's family, has filed a chargesheet against 13 persons.Those named in the chargesheet include Yeddyurappa's sons , BY Raghavendra and BY Vijayendra , son-in-law Sohan Kumar as well as former minister Es En Krishnaiah Setty .In May , the Supreme Court directed CBI to probe allegations that Prerana Trust received a huge donation from a mining company favoured by Yeddyurappa .The chargesheet filed before the designated CBI court found alleged irregularities in grant of mining leases and that donations were made to Prerana Trust by mining companies . The kickbacks were subsequently transferred to Vivekananda Trust , of which Yeddyurappa is a trustee.The CBI investigated charges of conspiracy , cheating , corruption and violation of Karnataka Land (Restriction on Transfer )Act, 1991, against the accused .\"The donations are quid pro quo for Jindal ,\" said CBI counsel K Sudarshan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16845134", "title": "South Goa collector on panchayat visiting spree", "text": "MARGAO: South Goa district collector N D Agarwal is to visit all the village panchayats across the district. Agarwal kick-started his initiative on Tuesday with a visit to Shristhal panchayat in Canacona taluka.Speaking to TOI after interacting with locals who had come to the Shristhal panchayat, Agarwal said most of the problems there were a result of poor coordination between various government agencies.\"Complaints about irregular power supply, roads in poor shape, discharge of hazardous chemicals by an industrial unit into the river, irrigation projects being stalled, some issue about the village crematorium, and such other matters were brought to my notice. I will ask for an explanation on these issues with the respective departments,\" Agarwal said.In a circular issued by him, Agarwal has directed revenue officers of the respective talukas to be present at the village panchayats on the specified date of his tour.\"In order to get first-hand information from the citizens about the difficulties faced by them in matters pertaining to the office of the mamlatdars, deputy collectors and collector, and also matters related to other departments in which office of the collector can play an effective role, it has been decided that the undersigned will be visiting each and every panchayat of South Goa district to hear the grievances,\" the circular reads.As per the tour schedule, the district magistrate will visit Molkornem panchayat in Sanguem on October 20 and Loliem-Polem panchayat in Canacona on October 21. On October 23, he is scheduled to visit Loutolim panchayat in Salcete and Nagoa in Mormugao, while on October 27, Collem panchayat in Dharbondara will play host to the district magistrate.Agarwal said that he intends to make such visits thrice a week\u2014 on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays\u2014 from next month onwards.On what spurred him to launch this initiative, Agarwal said, \"I have been receiving several complaints against talathis of village panchayats with regards to matters pertaining to ration cards and therefore there was a need to put in place some monitoring mechanism.The district administration also needs to be more accessible to the public. And I thought paying personal visits to the panchayats would serve both these purposes.\"Agarwal is confident that his initiative will work to the desired effect. His confidence stems from his experience of paying such visits to panchayats when he was posted as the SDM of Ponda years ago. \"It worked wonders then, why shouldn't it now?\" says Agarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16845419", "title": "Rajnish Rai lost call record CDs: Mathur's lawyer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former CID (Crime) chief and an accused in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case, O P Mathur on Tuesday blamed DIG Rajnish Rai for losing the telephonic data in form of a CD, which allegedly contained important call details pertaining to the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case.Mathur has been accused of destruction of evidence and criminal conspiracy by the CBI in its chargesheet that was filed last month.During his arguments before additional chief judicial magistrate of CBI - A Y Dave, Mathur's counsel V D Gajjar continued to call Rai a schizophrenic. He alleged that Rai's behaviour had been very inconsistent. The lawyer denied any alleged involvement on part of Mathur in connection with tampering with the CD or its disappearance.In 2007, Rai was all praise for his boss, but as he came to know that his ACR was not proper, he began blaming Mathur in 2010 when he moved the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT), advocate Gajjar argued.The telephone CDs in the Sohrabuddin fake encounter case has remained a controversy.On May 8, 2007, while giving up charge of investigation, DIG Rai wrote a letter to his successor in the probe, IGP Geetha Johri to collect CDs from Mathur.In April 2007, it was DIG Rai who made first arrest in the encounter case in form of three IPS officers - D G Vanzara, Rajkumar Pandian and Dinesh MN.In his oral submissions, Mathur's lawyer also blamed another former CID (crime) chief G C Raigar of not stating truth before the probe agency and claimed that Raigar's versions about his removal from the agency and other aspects were at variance from the recorded facts.The CBI court has been hearing accused cops - P C Pande, Mathur, Geetha Johri, R K Patel - and former MoS Home Amit Shah on their objection. They claim that the court cannot take cognizance of chargesheet against them without prior permission from the government, since they were government officials and public functionaries.They contend that they are protected from criminal prosecution by section 197 of CrPC. The CBI court has been hearing the issue since last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16843717", "title": "Can\u2019t comment on Congress Legislature Party matters: Chandrabhan", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after 10 party MLAs shot of a 'grievance letter' to Sonia Gandhi, state Congress chief Chandrabhan sparked off another controversy claiming it was an issue of the Congress Legislature Party (CLP) and that he had no say in it.\"It is for the chief minister, as the leader of the Congress Legislature Party, to comment on it. I cannot comment,'' said Chandrabhan, while interacting with media persons on Tuesday. The PCC chief was reacting to reports on the verbal spat between parliamentary secretary Rajendra Singh Bidhuri and minister Bharat Singh over the 'Vadra defense issue' during the recent Congresss Legislature Party meet.Upset over allegedly being called an \"outsider\" by Bharat Singh, Bidhuri along with nine legislators wrote a letter to Sonia targeting Singh and demanded that the minister be sacked. Bidhuri had also criticised chief minister Ashok Gehlot for opting to remain quiet during the incident. Chandrabhan though pleaded ignorance about the letter. \"I have neither received such a letter nor am I aware of it,'' he said. The MLAs have marked a copy of the letter to the state president.The latest comments by the state president have again added fuel to the speculations between the tug-of-war between the organisation and the government in the Congress. Putting the chief minister in the dock, Chandrabhan seemed eager to shed off the responsibility. His statements seem to reflect the increasing infighting within the party.Not missing on the opportunity, BJP state spokesperson Sunil Bhargav lashed out at the ruling party. \"It is unfortunate that the party president has distanced himself from the legislature party. This only shows that there is no co-ordination between their organisation and the government; they are busy fighting and this reflects poorly on the governance as well,'' said Bhargav.The incident and the letter have shaped into a controversy not just for the opposition but also the ruling party. Congress MP Ask Ali Tak on Tuesday said: \"Be it the workers, public representatives or the office-bearers, everybody should act responsibly and within their defined areas.'' He said that it was unfortunate that a minor argument during a legislative meet, which is not uncommon, had been turned into a major debate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16845589", "title": "Cabbie returns lost bag", "text": "KOLKATA: A taxi driver returned a bag containing Rs 10,000 in cash plus several expensive gadgets that a couple had left behind in his cab on Tuesday.Satish Khandelwal and his wife took a cab from Lake Gardens to Jadavpur around 9am. A few minutes after they got off, cabbie Pramod Jha saw a bag lying in the back seat. He immediately drove back to where he had dropped off the couple, but they were gone.On opening the bag, he found two high-end cellphones, a Tablet, Rs 10,000 in cash, a PAN card and a voter's card. Meanwhile, Khandelwal had realized he had lost the bag and started sending messages to his Tab. \"I noticed something happening to it (the Tab), but was too scared to touch it,\" he said.He first thought of going to the police, but fearing harassment, went to the office of an NGO in Bhowanipore. They took him to the police, who found Khandelwal's address and informed him. Jha hails from Muzaffarpur in Bihar and started driving a taxi in Kolkata five months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16844544", "title": "My conscience compelled me to speak up: Ashok Khemka", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ashok Khemka, decided to chuck lucrative private sector jobs and joined the IAS after his doctorate in computer science from the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Mumbai. Khemka, who grew up in a middle-class family of Kolkata and graduated from IIT-Kharagpur, says the journey ever since has been \"adventurous\". In an interview with Sukhbir Siwach, Khemka says he is trying his best to swim against the tide. Excerpts:Again you have been transferred within months of joining. How do you react to this?I have lost count of the number of transfers I have got in my 21 years of service. It's surely more than 40 times that I have been shifted from one department to another. Sometimes, I was posted against posts without work as OSD (officer on special duty). Normally, these posts are used to help favoured officers posted in field to keep a second government accommodation in Chandigarh. I have written to the state government against my recent transfer, which was abrupt. There is a minimum tenure of two years as per the statutory IAS (Fixation of Cadre Strength) Regulations, 2010.I have been transferred to a small corporation not befitting my seniority in the service. Earlier, the same post was held by an officer who was 12 years junior to me. Arbitrary transfers are demoralizing for upright officers. My conscience compelled me to speak up. Overcoming fear, I have chosen to represent to the government against the transfer order.What according to you led to this transfer?It is better that this question is addressed to the decision makers. Please understand my anguish. As a public servant, I am trying my best to swim against the tide. Scams and corruption cannot be addressed by silent passivity of the masses. Let me assure you that if bureaucracy was proactively dutiful, the 2G scam and the Coalgate would never have happened. Passive acquiescence is worse than active connivance.The Haryana government has said that transfers are its prerogative.It is true that transfers are the prerogative of the government, but a minimum tenure of two years is guaranteed in the statutory regulations. Nobody is above the rule.Can you tell us about the increasing cases of land scams in the NCR part of Haryana?The misuse of Section 42 of the consolidation act to transfer panchayat land worth hundreds of crores to newly-formed companies with a paid-up capital of as little as Rs 1 lakh is well known. The high court has quashed about 23 such orders. There may be several more such cases particularly in Gurgaon and Faridabad. I hope an independent investigation will be ordered to punish the guilty.There is another scam in Gurgaon and Faridabad where forest and hill areas are sought to be partitioned under the garb of consolidation to corner prime plots near highways to build farm-houses and resorts. Panchayats are losing their lands due to deliberate under-valuation during the consolidation proceedings.If there is widespread misuse of discretionary CLU (change in land use) permissions, what could be the scale of misappropriation of funds?This might be a scam as big as the allotment of coal blocks or 2G spectrum. I wish more awareness is spread about this by the CAG in its audit reports. At a time when the state government is falling short of playing its role of protecting the rights of farmers and panchayats, judicial orders are the only hope.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16845610", "title": "Pepsico ordered to pay damages", "text": "KANPUR: The consumer protection forum of Kanpur on Tuesday ordered soft drink company Pepsico India Holding Private Ltd, Jainpur, Kanpur Dehat to pay Rs 25,000 as damages to complainant Syed Sikandar Alam within 30 days.Forum president LB Singh and members Ganesh Prasad and Sumanlata Sharma passed the order on complaint of Alam, who had claimed that a soft drink bottle manufactured by Pepsico was carrying a dead lizard and the drink was injurious to consume.A resident of Nala road in Kanpur, Alam claimed that he had purchased a bottle of soft drink Mountain Dew from a confectionary shop situated at Naveen Market on September 26, 2008 and got a receipt of purchase.He had witnessed a dead lizard inside the bottle when he was about to break open the seal for consuming it at his house. The shop owner said that product was manufactured by Pepsico and it had no role in it. Pepsico did not pay any heed to his complaint.Alam demanded that damages be paid to him.The authorities of the company appeared in the forum and pleaded that the products were being prepared by automatic plant and there was no possibility of adulteration. The product was being sold through distributors. There are possibilities of adulteration between factory gate and distributor's shop. The complainant was not a consumer, hence the complaint was liable to be rejected.The forum sent the bottle to the lab for examination. The public analyst reported that sample had body parts of dead lizard. Fungus was also there.The forum observed that the company had not challenged the analyst report. It had simply raised an objection but did not produce evidence in support of its claim. The bottle was adulterated and not fit for human consumption.The complainant was a consumer and he had suffered mental agony. Therefore, the forum ordered the company to pay Rs 25,000 as damages to Alam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16845280", "title": "School staffer robbed of cash, jewellery in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Some unidentified robbers made away with cash and jewellery worth Rs 3 lakh from the house of an employee of Bishop Johnson School located at Myorabad locality under Cantonment police station during the intervening night of Monday and Tuesday. The robbers also attacked the house owner when he resisted and left him injured.The family members told TOI that a group of 7-8 unidentified robbers had managed to enter the house after breaking the main door of the house. It was around 1am when law-breakers started breaking an almirah and boxes. Hearing noisy sounds, the house owner Amit woke up and tried to raise an alarm.Before the house owner could alert other family members and neighbours regarding the incident, the house owner was attacked by unidentified robbers with a sharp edge weapon on his chest and left him severely injured.Ironically, the family members informed the concerned cantt police station on the same night but the policemen reached the spot during afternoon hours. \" we were shocked to see the attitude of Cantt police who reached the house around 3 pm ( on Tuesday afternoon) despite the fact that we had informed them the incident at 2 am ( Monday night)\" said the family members adding \" the cops instead of investigating the case had asked to submit the list of valuables that are stolen\" they added. Station Officer, Cantt was not available for comment.Two labourers buried alive: Two labourers were asphyxiated to death near an under construction petrol pump site under Ghoorpur police circle here on Tuesday. According to police, the accident took place when the labourers were digging a deep pit and were trapped under the debris of the soil. Station officer Ghoorpur told TOI that the labourers were identified as Bachhi (20) and Sunny (25), residents of Taluka Kanjasa. He added that the bodies had been sent for post mortem.Police said a group of seven labourers were digging pits for a new petrol pump. Four of the labourers were trapped under the debris of the soil when a heap of mud fell on them suddenly. Sensing trouble, other labourers raised an alarm and locals and villagers rushed to the spot to rescue them. While the locals managed to save the lives of two labourers two others were buried under the soil. The labourers injured were sent to a nearby hospital for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16845041", "title": "Hebbat Manja is now in Thailand", "text": "BANGALORE: Hebbat Manja alias Manjunath, aged around 35, got into extortion rackets, robbery and dacoity as early as 1998 when he joined notorious rowdy Shimoga Naga in Shimoga. He came to Bangalore in 2004 during the real estate boom.First, he assisted big-time realtors and clinched land deals. Slowly, he became independent and started threatening land developers, builders and big-time industrialists . He shot into the limelight when he attacked another gangster Korangu. Fearing police action, he fled to Dubai and subsequently to Thailand , sources said. His rivals included Bullet Ravi and Mulama, all notorious extortionists . Though Korangu is said to have lost his leg when Manja bombed his vehicle near Chittoor in 2008, the two are close friends now.Manja is also a close associate of Bethanagere Srinivasa alias Seena, prime suspect in the July 25 murder of zilla panchayat member BEML Krishnappa . Bangalore Rural police suspect Seena may be trying to flee the country. Seena's associate Bande Manja reportedly returned from China 10 days before the Krishnappa murder. Also, firearms used in the killing are said to have been sourced by Hebbat Manja. Police sources indicated that Seena and Bande Manja were in constant touch with Hebbat Manja. Sources said police would issue a lookout notice at all airports once they get details of Seena's passport . A home department source said two more suspects have been taken in for questioning . \"Seena and Bande Manja are believed to be in Kerala ,\" the source said.\"We don't know how a rowdy with more than six dacoity and robbery cases in the past seven years got a passport and travelled out of the country. We are checking if he got his passport under the Tatkal scheme. If an applicant has a criminal background, local police cannot give clearance for a passport,\" a police source pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "udupi", "code": "16846235", "title": "Taking learning out of classroom", "text": "UDUPI: Usually, students in many schools learn science subject in brick and mortar arrangement of classrooms and laboratories. But, students of Little Rock Indian School (LRIS), Brahmavar, situated 13 km from here, are learning science in a unique way - at a science park set up in half acre of land at a cost of Rs 4 lakh. LRIS is the only school in this district to have such kind of park.Established on the school premises in 2009, the park is an open-air cluster equipped with science equipment, which are designed to help students learn various topics of science in the play-way method.The park is an effective tool in the hands of teachers which helps 1,000 students learn various science topics. At present, the park has 20 equipment which include models of DNA structure and other science models. The school is now planning to augment this to 50 in future. School principal Mathew C Ninan told TOI that from this year, the park will be open for other school students in and around Brahmavar on the occasion of special days such as science exhibitions, school-level competitions and other important days. To set up new equipment, the school needs to invest a further Rs 20 lakh. The equipment will be installed in different phases, Mathew said.The principal said the equipment will help students learn about topics such as resonance, energy transformation, potential and kinetic energy, telescope, periodic table, projectile motion conclave, centrifugal force, angular momentum and other science topics. All the equipment in this park are permanent structures. Apart from learning science in this park, students can also play here just as they do in other parks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843189", "title": "Man falls on Metro track, critical", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 35-year-old man fell on the Metro track at Model Town, northwest Delhi on Tuesday. The man was accidently hit by the Metro and his condition is said to be critical, police said.However, Metro authorities claim that the man was standing at the edge of the platform when he suddenly slipped and fell. There was no one around him and the incident could either be an accident or an attempted suicide, said Metro authorities. The man is being treated at the Bapu Jagjivan Ram Hospital and doctors said that he has severe injuries on the head and other parts of his body. The man is in the ICU and his family members have been informed about the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843127", "title": "Durga Puja without frills this year", "text": "NEW DELHI: A visitor to Chittaranjan Park can't miss the excitement in the air. The pandals are coming up all over the place and the idols of Goddess Durga are being given the finishing touches before being dispatched to various pujas. But there is a constant refrain: Cost-cutting has become inevitable with sponsorships dwindling this year. And Delhi Police's fiat banning gates has robbed most of the committees of their only chance at raising some badly needed funds.The K Block Cooperative Ground Puja, placed strategically right at the entrance of C R Park, has always been know for its theme pandals, executed on a grand scale. This year it's all scaled down. The interior of the pandal will have a rustic feel with artisans from Bankura decorating it with traditional flat bamboo trays (kulo) used in rural Bengal to separate chaff from grain.\"There is no theme as such this year. The idol is traditional. We are focusing on the food instead,\" said Dipak Kumar Sen, a member of the organizing committee.\"On Ashtami, the prasad or bhog will have nine items. We haven't managed to raise the kind of funds we did last year. One reason is that the gates that display ads have been banned by the police. The other, of course, is the general financial slowdown. We have had to cut down our budget by more than Rs 5 lakh which makes a huge difference.\" So, celebrities have been replaced by lesser-known performers for the cultural performances in the evening.Navapalli Puja Samiti of Pocket 40 is also feeling the pinch. \"Almost one-third of the funds we raise comes from the ads on gates. Since these were assured, we did some spending and now don't know how to manage,\" said Utpal Ghosh of the Samiti.This time the inspiration of the pandal is the zamindar bari pujas of rural Bengal. They have, however, not cut down on performers. Dohar, a band of folk musicians, singers Jayati Chakraborty and Saikat Mitra and Delhi-based band Spectrum are likely to perform.At Mela Ground, \"the idol is a little different from the traditional ek chala idol. It is modern and simple at the same time. That's about it,\" said Ashok Das, a member of the puja committee.The Shiv Mandir or Kali Bari Puja has its usual ek chala idol and a simple pandal. The Pocket 52 Puja, as in the past, has opted for an eco-friendly idol which is not likely to pollute the Yamuna during immersion. This small puja has been hit very badly by the fund crunch. \"The companies that used to give us a cheque of Rs 1 lakh have given just Rs 10,000 this time,\" said Ashok Bose of the puja committee.GK-II Durgotsav, described as \"comparatively smaller\" by Samrat Banerjee of the organizing committee, is not cutting back a lot on the expenditure.\"In fact, we requested companies to sponsor some aspects of the pandal rather than give us funds,\" he said. Their theme this year is 'Save the girl child'. While the pandal will be based on the Gour style of architecture, at the centre it will have the idol of a young girl \u2014 Maha Kumari, riding a lion \u2014 symbolizing the power of the girl child. Kolkata band Chandrabindu and singer Shreya Guhathakurta will be the big attractions here.Safdarjung Enclave's Matri Mandir Puja will showcase India's performance at the London Olympics this year. \"Luckily, the recession hasn't affected us. We have got sponsorships from SAIL and ONGC who were sponsors for the players at the Olympics as well,\" said Debashish Saha of the committee. The pandal will be modelled after Wembley Stadium. There will also be a replica of the London Bridge and a gallery-like seating arrangement.Milani Puja Samiti at Mayur Vihar, known for its unique themes, is showcasing iconic painter Jamini Roy's works. \"We are celebrating 125 years of his work. We will replicate his Bankura residence and also have replicas of his painting on earthen pots displayed inside the pandal,\" said Mrinal Biswas, one of the organizers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16844603", "title": "Baby boom in Gir!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As Gir reopened for tourists on Tuesday after the three-month monsoon break, it was the young Simbas who hogged all limelight. This season there are about 90 newborn cubs - a rise of 20% compared to last year - in the last abode of Asiatic lion.While the tourist footfalls were marginally less as compared to the opening day last year - about 935 people visited Gir on Tuesday - officials say it was because last year the sanctuary was thrown open during the Diwali holidays.Pravin Vara, who had come with a group of 40 people from Rajasthan, spotted two females with two newborn cubs and even a lion.Every season, 75-odd cubs are born. The higher number this time is due to an increasing number of lionesses. The female to male lion ratio in Gir has consistently improved - from 76 lions and 100 lionesses a few years ago to 97 males and 162 female animals now. \"If the number of females is higher than males, it is good for reproduction. Fewer males would mean less infighting,\" said additional principal chief conservator of forests Dr H S Singh.Recently, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), while shifting the big cats from critically endangered species category to endangered species, had mentioned, \"The number of mature lions has been increasing, all occurring within one sub-population (but in four separate areas, three of which are outside of the Gir forest protected area). Since the population now extends beyond the boundary of the lion sanctuary, the numbers are stable.\"The survival rate of cubs in Gujarat is higher than their African counterparts. A study has revealed the cub survival rate of Gir forest was about 56%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16844769", "title": "Steps being taken to remove Madurai adheenam head: Government", "text": "CHENNAI: Indicating that the days of Arunagirinathar as head of the Madurai Adheenam are numbered, the state government on Tuesday told the Madras high court that steps are being taken to remove the senior pontiff.Making the government's stand on the issue clear, advocate general A Navaneethakrishnan told a division bench of Justices R Banumathi and R Subbiah that the so-called agreement between Arunagirinathar and Nithyananda was illegal and that the real intention of it was to take away the properties of the Adheenam. \"Nithynananda cannot be nominated on the ground of morality, decency and public order,\" he said.He made the submission when a batch of public interest writ petitions pertaining to the legal status of Madurai Adheenam and the appointment of Nithyananada as junior pontiff came up for hearing. Reiterating that Nithyananda cannot be a successor of Madurai adheenam, Navaneethakrishnan said he was facing several criminal cases and that his character was not good. \"No prudent person will accept him as a head of an ashram,\" he said, adding that as per the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments Act, only one person could be a head of the mutt and there was no provision to appoint a successor. The question of successor would arise only at the demise of the incumbent head, he said adding that a successor of the adheenam should be the mutt's disciple, and even among disciples the chosen one must be most competent to follow rituals which are in vogue from the days of Thirugnanasambandar, a sixth century Saivite saint associated with the mutt.When the judges asked Navaneethakrishnan as to what steps the government had taken during the last six months, he said, \"We are taking steps to remove the trustee Arunagirinathar from the position under Section 59 of the HR&CE; Act. Removal will be done as early as possible.\"To this, the judges said: \"Why have you been silent for the past six months? Had you acted upon the complaints, a spate of litigation would not have come before us.\"Meanwhile, a new PIL stating that innocent young women were held at Nithyananda's ashram against their wish has been filed in the high court. The PIL, filed by Pulavar V Mahadevan of Pallavaram, wanted the court to direct the State Commission for Women to inquire into the matter and forward appropriate recommendations to the government to rescue the women.In the name of yoga and meditation, women were being exploited sexually by the mutt personnel, he alleged. The matter will be taken up by the high court for maintainability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16843686", "title": "Tension in Baran after child raped, murdered", "text": "JAIPUR: In the fourth such incident within a year, a four-year-old girl was kidnapped, raped and murdered in Baran district on Tuesday. The incident led to a law and order situation in the area, with an angry crowd resorting to violence. When people spotted the blood-stained body of the girl near her house a mob of around 1,000 people went berserk, ransacking shops, blocking the highway and pelting stones.According to the police, the girl went missing at 3am on Tuesday from her residence in Jaatav Basti. After three hours her body was found nearly 200 metres from her residence by the police. The post mortem report confirmed that the girl was raped before the murder.\"We got the information at 4am and a search was launched to find the missing child. At 6am her body was found in the bushes near the village,\" a senior police officer said.Later, protestors also blocked the Baran-Kota highway till 4pm and clashed with the police. Policemen tried to use mild force to disperse the crowd but were largely outnumbered.The protesters continued the sit-in till 5pm, demanding an ex-gratia payment of Rs 10 lakh to the victim's family and arrest of the perpetrators.Meanwhile, Madan Dilwar, former social justice minister of the Vasundhara Raje-led BJP government called for a bandh in Baran to protest lawlessness.Shiv Lal Joshi, superintendent of police, said, \"The post mortem report of the girl confirmed that she was raped before being murdered. Police teams are on the job to nail the culprits. We are sure to get a breakthrough to make arrests in this connection.\"At 5pm, after the assurance of the police and district administration, the protesters agreed to go for the last rites of the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16843234", "title": "Joy and spirit, Patil Sr married the two well", "text": "A man gingerly walked on the periphery of the Azad Maidan as the first round of inter-collegiate matches were being played. A note book in hand, this tall and well built figure went around the field observing the matches and finally sat near one scorer and began taking notes.We were told that he was a selector of the Mumbai University. Every round he would repeat the same exercise. We collegians were surprised at this gentleman's commitment because he was the only selector we had seen till then. Watching league matches of terrible standard needed passion and commitment and this gentleman had it in plenty.Sports was his first love. He played cricket, badminton, hockey and many other games, enjoying each to the fullest and spreading that enjoyment. Madhu Patil was a name that shone on badminton courts and maidans of Bombay alike.Father of Sandeep Patil, he was the captain of the strong Shivaji Park Gymkhana team. Known for hitting effortless sixes, he was a man who believed in sportsman's spirit. Once, after exchanging teams, the opposition requested for a change of a player and he readily agreed though seniors (they were Test players) in the Shivaji Park team opposed vehemently. \"Let's play the game in the right spirit which is more important than rules of the game,\" he said.Former India wicket keeper Dr Chandu Patankar, who played under him says, \"Madhu believed in enjoying cricket. I am not exaggerating, but with his heavy bat he used to hit sixes like Gayle hits now. Once his hit cleared the Shivaji Park Gymkhana and landed in former Bombay captain Manohar Hardikar's house which was opposite to the gymkhana pavilion. He would have been popular in T20. He was a very good badminton player too and almost played for the country.\"He played for Bombay at a time when one failure could be your last chance to play first class cricket. Hardly anyone got a second chance. Patil suffered much the same. A well read man, he was a great conversationalist not only when it came to sports, but other topics too. Once, while taking a stroll in Matheran, he spoke to me for an hour about the way scientists behave. It was an enlightening talk.A post graduate in chemistry, he held a responsible position in a company situated at Kalyan. Though he had to travel from Dadar to Kalyan everyday, he would be at the nets at 4 in the evening. As a university selector, he went with the team as the manager. Players who played when he was the manager of the team said, \"He was like a friend to all of us. We were never under pressure.\"Avdhoot Zarapkar, who was the captain of the Mumbai University, recounts an incident. \"Under my captaincy in 1977, Mumbai University was playing Calcutta University. We were playing on a nasty matting wicket. Calcutta University scored 265 runs in the first innings. Mumbai University had to face a fiery bowler named Sinha, who had a suspect action. I sent the night watchman Vijay Alva after a wicket fell. Next day, we watched Alva score a brilliant 179. We won the match by an innings and 38 runs. But the most memorable part was that our Manager Patil sir gave Rs 10/- to Alva for his spectacular batting. Mind you Rs. 10/- was a big amount in 1977. Our daily allowance used to be Rs. 8. That was Sandeep's dad!\"Mumbai university was unbeatable at the time he managed the team. But while teaching the finer points of the game, Patil taught his pupils the finer facts of life too: the game was meant to be enjoyed. An intellectual at many levels, Patil explored life at its height. Never did he lose sight of pleasure while seeking the goal of better cricket. For him, splendour in cricket was not an end to be achieved; it was a means to be happy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "16843116", "title": "Official wrangling delays Kakatiya temple restoration", "text": "WARANGAL: A group of astrologers and Vedic priests from Tirupati, Nellore and other places were at the 11th century Thousand Pillar temple here recently to inspect the ongoing restoration works of the kalyana mandapam, dismantled in 2006. They attributed the slow pace of works to 'vaastu dosham' and asserted that the mandapam would not be ready in near future .While rationalists and temple protection samithi activists dismissed the claims saying the 850-year-old temple of the Kakatiya dynasty had never faced vaastu problems before, insiders said the vaastu issue was being raised by some priests only to settle scores. Sources said officials of the archaeology and endowments departments were not agreeing on the restoration works.The archaeology wing has an office on the east side of the temple which the endowments officials want to provide an east entrance to the devotees. Currently, devotees enter the temple from the north side. The astrologers' team suggested to change the entry of devotees from the north side to the east which, they said, would augur well for speedy work completion.The mandapam works were launched in 2008 and supposed to have been completed in 2010. Lack of funds, water stagnation at the foundation, ongoing war between two key departments and other problems delayed the restoration works. But sources said the works would not be completed even in next two years. Curiously, the district authorities are planning to conduct the Kakatiya Festival in the first week of November at the temple .\"We are hoping that the authorities will complete the restoration works at least before Deepavali,\" said Panduranga Rao, founder and trustee of the Kakatiya Heritage Trust. Disapproving of the 'vaastu dosham' claims, he pointed out that the main deity Rudreshwara Swamy (Lord Shiva) is facing the east side, while Lord Vishnu is facing north and the sun god is west facing. \"Where is the question of 'vaastu dosham' when all the deities are properly placed,\" he argued.Samudrala Narsimhacharyulu, Nallanchakravarthula Venugopala Charyulu, Kota Narsimhasharma, Ahobilam Atreya Sharma, Kundavarjula and Raghurama Sharma were among the team that visited the temple . \"Every Hindu temple has a Dwajastambham but this temple doesn't have one. This itself is a bad omen,\" Venugopala Charyulu told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16843274", "title": "Students\u2019 Federation of India opposes 25% hike in transport fares", "text": "GUWAHATI: Hundreds of students, under the banner of Students' Federation of India (SFI), staged a two-hour road blockade in Dispur on Tuesday against the state cabinet's decision to hike the transport fare by 25 per cent.The students staged their protest by squatting on the GS Road from 12.30 pm, causing traffic snarls across the city for several hours. A large number of security personnel were deployed to prevent any untoward incident in the protest.SFI state secretary Ritu Ranjan Das termed the cabinet's decision to hike the transport fare an anti-people move. \"The commoners are already suffering as the prices of essential commodities have gone up tremendously. The decision of the state cabinet to hike the fares will hit the student community badly,\" he said.SFI is demanding a 70 per cent concession in the travel fares for students in Assam. The students' body has also demanded that the transport department revive the bus service to Gauhati University. The protesters sent a memorandum to state transport minister Chandan Brahma apprising the minister about their demands.The anguished students finally decided to withdraw their agitation after the transport department assured them that the issues raised by them will be considered.On Monday, the state cabinet decided to increase the transport fares by 25 per cent. The decision was taken in view of the demand made by transport and bus operators following the steep rise in diesel price.The state cabinet nod to the 25 per cent hike in transport fares has, however, evoked a mixed reaction among the people. Jafar Ali, general secretary of Greater Guwahati Minibus Owners' Association said though there is nothing to object in the cabinet's decision as far as long distance transport services are concerned, transporters of Guwahati are unhappy with the decision.\"The minimum fare of city busses should have been hiked more. Our demand was to hike the minimum fare of the city buses to Rs 4.50 from Rs 3.50. The 25 per cent hike is not going to help transporters running city buses in Guwahati,\" said Ali.Samar Dutta, a government employee of Tinsukia district in upper Assam, was unhappy with the decision. After the recent hike, bus fare from Guwahati to Tinsukia is likely to go up to Rs 500. \"Hike in fares is not a fair decision. Cost of cooking gas went up a few days back. We oppose this hike,\" he said. Long distance travellers are going to be worst affected by the cabinet decision to hike fares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16845830", "title": "Gas cheaper for a lucky few", "text": "KOLKATA: When the entire country is reeling under the cap on domestic LPG cylinders, citizens in various pockets of the city's central, north and eastern parts have a reason to smile. Around 4,300-odd consumers of the state-owned Greater Calcutta Gas Supply Corporation (GCGSC) may get gas at a much lower rate than the market price as the Mamata Banerjee government is contemplating a price reduction on the piped gas supply.The ailing state-owned corporation caters to residents of Narkeldanga, Rajabajar, Beadon Street, Shyambazar, Bowbazar and Maniktala.According to sources, the GCGSC is working on a proposal to cross-subsidize domestic customers by charging more from commercial and industrial users. If things go according to plans, gas equivalent to a 14.2-kg domestic LPG cylinder \u2014 which used to cost Rs 310 earlier \u2014 would cost around Rs 295 after the price revision. This is less than one third of the current non-subsidized LPG price.Mohun Bagan Row's Purnima Gupta, a doctor and a veteran customer of GCGSC, is happy that fuel prices won't pinch her hard. When informed about possible reduction in price, Gupta added, \"It will be really good. This will be a huge relief for us just when LPG prices are sky-rocketing,\" she said. Shyamal Dutta of Bagbazar, who is using piped gas for 30 years, feels that state government should try to expand the facility further.However, the company as a whole will gain from this price mechanism as industrial and commercial customers consume almost 90% of its gas supply. It has 227 commercial and 68 industrial consumers. \"Interestingly, GCGSC is not loosing money by reducing the price of domestic customers. It will gain by increasing price of other customers,\" said a source.The new price of industrial and commercial gas will be around Rs 800 and Rs 760 (price of gas equivalent to a 19-kg LPG cylinder), which will be much cheaper than alternative fuels like commercial LPG or furnace oil, prices of which have also gone up substantially,\" the source added. A non-subsidized commercial cylinder now costs Rs 1598.The corporation couldn't take this route earlier. \"We couldn't increase the gas price for industrial customers because the price difference with alternative fuel was not much. With the gap widening now, commercial customers will stand to gain even if the rates of piped gas are revised,\" an official said.GCGSC supplies 1 lakh normal metre cube gas per day produced at Dankuni Coal Complex (DCC) of Coal India and the Durgapur Projects Ltd through its newly developed distribution network in Kolkata. \"We are planning to source at least 2 lakh normal metre cube gas from DCC by increasing the procurement price from Rs 38 per unit to Rs 50 as we shall make profit from our price reconstruction,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16844239", "title": "Sachin Pilot's uncle shot at in Hapur village, on ventilator", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Unidentified assailants allegedly shot at Ashok Kasana, Congress MP Sachin Pilot's uncle, at his farm in Nizampur village in Hapur district in the early hours of Tuesday. Officials said that Kasana (50) suffered a gunshot injury on his stomach. His condition is said to be critical and doctors have put him on a ventilator in a private hospital in Ghaziabad. The victim's family has ruled out the attack being a case of personal enmity.The victim's family said that the incident took place between 3am and 3.30am on Tuesday when Kasana was sleeping in the outhouse of the farm.The victim's son, Mohit, said, \"While my father was sleeping, 3-4 people came after scaling the wall with the help of a ladder. One of whom asked him to get up. The miscreants called him 'Tauji'. As soon as he awoke, they attacked him, but he fought with them for a few minutes. Soon one of them took out a pistol and opened fire, leaving him in a pool of blood. The rest of the family came outside after hearing the commotion but the assailants fled after scaling the wall.\"\"The bullet has damaged my father liver badly and he is fighting for his life in the hospital,\" said Mohit, denying it to be a case of personal enmity. \"Around two months back, a gang had entered our neighbour's residence and left an elderly member injured,\" he added.The victim was taken to the nearby district hospital in Hapur, but was later referred to Sarvodaya Hospital in Ghaziabad. Doctors at Sarvodaya Hospital said, \"The bullet is lodged in his stomach. His condition is critical due to excessive bleeding. Nothing conclusive can be said right now.\"The victim lives with his wife Vidya Devi and two sons, Mohit and Bobby.Police said that the gun used in the shooting was a 9mm pistol. \"So far, we have not been able to identify the miscreants. Kasana could also have resisted a robbery attempt, which resulted in the shooting. There have been a spate of cases of theft of cattle in the village recently and this could be another such attempt. A case has been registered and further probe is on,\" officers said.Kasana's family said that the incident took place between 3am-3.30am when he was sleeping in the outhouse of the farm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16845272", "title": "Land scam: Enforcement directorate sends reminder to BJP MLA", "text": "INDORE: The enforcement directorate (ED) has sent a reminder to a local BJP MLA Ramesh Mendola for his alleged involvement in the Nanda Nagar Housing Society land scam case.The MLA was supposed to furnish his reply to the ED's earlier notice which was served on him.This was after a case was registered against him by Lokayukta. In case, the MLA doesn't turn up for reply this time too, the ED is likely to take legal action against him. An ED official, requesting anonymity, said, \"Through the reminder, we have asked the MLA to reply to our notice within one week from now. I case, we don't get any reply to our reminder from him, we will start prosecution against him as per the provisions of the law.\"ED wants to know if the fund from the society was used to purchase land and if the decision was taken unanimously by the members of the society.The agency wants to know about the bank account details through which the transactions might have happened in this connection.Meanwhile, the ED has sent summons to Suresh Kumar Palash, the suspended official who was posted as DFO of Ratlam and Narendra Deshmukh, the suspended employee who was working as a peon at Ujjain Municipal Corporation. Cases of corruption were already being probed against both of them by the Lokayukta police, Ujjain. However, regarding taking action against another official, Raman Dhuldhoye, who was working as a clerk at RTO (Indore), the ED official said they are waiting to hear from deputy director before taking any action against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16846227", "title": "Expedite work on govt hospital building: DYFI", "text": "MANGALORE: DYFI Dakshina Kannada district committee staged a protest urging the state government to expedite construction of a new building for Government Lady Goschen Hospital, on Monday. The hospital acts as a referral facility for economically backward women from Dakshina Kannada, Udupi, Kasaragod and other regions.The state government had demolished a part of the 162-year-old building of the hospital to facilitate the construction of a new building more than a year ago when an Andhra Pradesh - based entrepreneur offered to donate Rs 18 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16845261", "title": "Top honour for Sachin Tendulkar in Australia", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what came as a surprise to many here, visiting Australian prime minister Julia Gillard announced that her government will confer on cricketer Sachin Tendulkar the 'Order of Australia', making the 39-year-old batsman only the fourth non-Australian cricketer ever to win the honour.One of the non-Australian cricketers to have won the honour is Brian Lara. \"This is a very special honour, very rarely awarded to someone who is not an Australian citizen or an Australian national,'' said Gillard after a session of cricket at a Delhi slum. Tendulkar will also be only the second India after former attorney general Soli Sorabjee to get the honour.\"He is away playing cricket - surprise, surprise - but the award will be conferred on him by minister Simon Crean when he visits India. So, a very special honour and a very special recognition of such a great batsman,'' she said, adding that cricket was a great bond between the two countries. Australian cabinet minister Crean will confer the honour on Tendulkar during his upcoming visit to India.The announcement led to some uproar in Australia with micro-blogging site Twitter getting comments on how Tendulkar could win the honour, known as AM, ahead of legendary spinner Shane Warne. Some fans criticised the decision citing Tendulkar's 'role in the monkeygate scandal ' involving the two teams.Australian paper Herald Sun held a poll on their website asking if Tendulkar deserved the award. As of 4.30 pm IST, a total number of 3101 votes were registered with 43.79 percent voting in favour of the Indian maestro and 56.21 percent saying no.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16845307", "title": "Bioanalytical techniques of modern chemistry discussed", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A workshop on Bioanalytical techniques in modern chemistry was organised by department of Chemistry, Sam Higginbottom institute of Agriculture, Technology and Sciences (SHIATS), on Tuesday. Attended by around 225 delegates from different leading academic institutions of Allahabad, the chief guest of the workshop was Prof Peter Jayapandian, Dean, faculty of Science, SHIATS.Speaking at the workshop, Prof Jayapandian highlighted the importance of knowledge, understanding and application and also of interdisciplinary research and collaboration and cooperative with other institutes so that a significant contribution can be made to science. Dr Amit Chattree, head department of Chemistry, SHIATS and the convener of the workshop, highlighted the importance of the theme of workshop in interdisciplinary research amalgamating the areas of Chemistry and it tools with other sciences like biotechnology, biochemistry, microbiology, pharmacy, forensic science and food science.There were three informative lectures by eminent scientists followed by the practical session conducted by the staff of United Institute of Pharmacy, Allahabad.Prof Rajeev Gupta Dean, School of Pharmacy, BBD University, Lucknow spoke on Nanotechnology in Phytochemistry, he discussed phytochemical and pharmacological nanomaterials, he also discussed the bioavailability enhancements and different applications of nanomaterials.Prof AK Gupta, former head department of Chemistry, SHIATS stressed on the need of keeping our earth green and clean. Prof Alok Mukherjee, Principal, United Institute of Pharmacy who discussed Phytopharmacological investigation of herbal drugs by analytical techniques he discussed the importance of herbal resources as they are the largest source of drugs from the ancient times of Ayurveda to the present times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16846053", "title": "Yeshwantpur Express bifurcation plan flayed", "text": "KANNUR: The decision to bifurcate the Yeshwantpur-Mangalore-Kannur Express at Mangalore Junction (Kankanadi) has invited the wrath of rail passengers and politicians alike, as it would cause inconvenience to people travelling to Mangalore from Kannur. Minister of state for railways K H Muniyappa made an announcement in this regard the other day.\"It was an irresponsible statement by Muniyappa, and the people of Kerala cannot approve the decision to bifurcate it from Kankanadi instead of Mangalore Central,\" said K Sudhakaran MP at a press conference here on Tuesday. He also said he would fight the case politically and legally.\"The railway officials said it should be bifurcated from Kankanadi citing some technical difficulties. But they could be easily overcome. The minister should have thought of the implications before making such an announcement. I think there is some conspiracy behind the move,\" he said. He also said the decision to run just five split coaches between Kannur and Mangalore was a foolish one.Once the decision comes into effect from November 1, people from Kannur and Kasaragod, who want to go to Mangalore, would have to get down at Kankanadi and get a bus or taxi to Mangalore.The railways had decided to bifurcate the Yeshwantpur-Mangalore-Kannur (16517/16518) train following a Karnataka high court order while considering a public interest litigation (PIL) for a night train service between Karwar and Bangalore.\"The court told the railways to convert a day train to Karwar to a night train or split run the Yeshwantpur-Kannur express to Karwar and Kannur from the Mangalore. But in the order the court had also said that the number of coaches should be equally divided considering the convenience of the people of Kannur-Kasaragod stretch,\" said Sudhakaran.Meanwhile, Kannur district railway passengers association has said that some bus operators were behind the move of the railways.\"Since there is an uncertainty about the number of split coaches, the railway authorities have suspended reservation between Kannur and Mangalore stations for this train, which has caused more inconvenience to the passengers,\" said general secretary of the association, K M Ibrahim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16844887", "title": "Forest, police departments at variance over firearm use", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh forest department is up in 'arms' against the state police challenging latter's power for initiating criminal proceedings against forest officials in cases related to use of firearms in line of duty.Forest officers contend that they are authorised to open fire in defence unlike other government servants. But the police shoot down their argument saying they are well within their right to register an FIR and take action, if firing is unwarranted. From 2007 onwards, police have registered around 16 FIRs related to use of firearms against forest rangers or guards.This issue has now snowballed into a major legal issue and brought both departments at loggerheads with a habeas corpus petition filed before the Gwalior bench of the high court accusing Sheopur district police of placing a deputy ranger and three beat guards under illegal detention. The four were arrested and charged with murder (using firearms) following death of a villager at Sheopurkalan village on August 28. The police also objected to their bail applications, leaving them in jail for over two months, said sources.\"We have powers that any government officer has under the Section 197 (Code of Criminal procedure) of protection while discharging their duty,\" claims chief conservator of forest (CCF Gwalior range) S P Rayal citing Sheopur police's action as 'illegal'. In support of its argument, the forest department has produced a home department's circular (June 11, 1996) which directs the police not to initiate criminal proceedings againstforestemployees/officials named in FIRs, unless use of firearms is proven \"unnecessary and unwarranted\" in a magisterial enquiry.Sheopur police not only registered an FIR against them but also charged them under the Section 302 of IPC and sent them to jail despite being aware of the fact that the villager was killed with bullets fired by Special Armed Forces (SAF) jawans that accompanied our patrolling squad, said the officer.\"The high court has granted bail to two of our guards and efforts are on to get the remaining two out of jail. We would back the petitioner to move the Supreme Court for justice if necessary,\" Rayal added. Additional PCCF (Protection) T R Sharma said that forest officers or personnel have right to use guns if the situation warrants it. \"We will initiate action against our officers if a magisterial inquiry finds the firing as unwarranted, but we would also back them if they have used guns as per prescriptions,\" he said.Director general of police (DGP) Nandan Dubey said there is no such circular which says police cannot register an FIR against a forest officer. \"We will go by the complaint and investigate it as per law, no matter who uses the weapon.\"The forest department started issuing firearms to its staff from 1985 onwards. Ajay Narayan Mushran, the forest minister at that point of time, began the practice of issuing firearms to forest staff. Currently, they are armed with 3100 bore rifles (including 2600 imported 12-bore pump action shot guns). However, following ongoing controversy over 'powers to use guns' the forest department has withheld distribution of 136 new revolvers to their staff.The forest department has also issued a fresh circular on dos and don'ts on use of weapon to its officers across the state besides sending a letter to the state government to re-examine the issue and quash all FIRs against their officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16845194", "title": "Shiv Kapur welcomes move to rotate Indian Open", "text": "BANGALORE: Having played at the KGA before and even posted a victory as an amateur, Shiv Kapur, one of the top contenders for the title here, welcomed the decision to rotate the Indian Open. \"I think this is great. If you see major national golf tournaments across the world, they are rotated among different courses. This is fantastic for the growth of golf in India,\" Kapur said.\"Delhi gets its share of international tournaments and spectators get to watch it. Here, there is a lot more appreciation of the game,\" added the 2002 Asian Games gold medallist. \"In the past it used to alternate between Kolkata and Delhi. Now if they can take it all over the country it would be great for the sport.\"\"People surround you when playing the Open in Delhi and I'm happy to pass on the pressure to Anirban,\" the Delhi pro said in a lighter vein. \"It's nice to be out of the spotlight and play golf the way I have been doing over the last couple of weeks,\" added Kapur, who is gunning for his maiden Indian Open title.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16844062", "title": "Don\u2019t let your fast become a feast, say health experts", "text": "LUCKNOW: For many, Navaratra is all about fasting. But of late, the endless list of delicacies, which include sabutdana vada, rabri, rasgulla, kuttu or singhara cutlets and namkeen have turned the occasion into a vegetarian feast.Doctors and experts say that binging in the name of Navratra fast should be avoided.\"Navaratra is meant to fast to keep the mind and body healthy at the time of seasonal change. But instead of restraining themselves from eating, people end up consuming more calories than usual. This causes problems for their body that affects the mind as well,\" said Dr DP Mishra, a government physician.City-based ayurvedacharya, Shiv Shankar Tripathi said that fasting during Navaratra was more than a ritual. \"Navaratra takes place at the turn of season, marking the end of summers and onset of winters. In between is a period of change that helps the body adapt itself to the forthcoming season. Fasting helps the body accept the changes easily and saves the gastro-intestinal track from unnecessary stress due to irrational eating,\" he said, and added, \"Fasting eliminates gas, provides a clean tongue, fresh breath and preserves overall health. It improves the digestive system of the body and burn away accumulated toxins from the body and mind.\"Dietician at a private corporate hospital Poonam added that it is for this that fruits and plain food items are meant to be consumed during the fasting period. \"We all remember how our grandmothers insisted on eating falahar during Navaratra,\" she said.A common edible item among those observing Navratra fast is kuttu or singhara flour. \"It is not really bad. But it tends to harm the body as people consume it as poori, paratha or pakauri. All the three forms involve deep frying and anything oily is not good. Now, they also eat sweets and namkeen which are extremely fattening and they do not detoxify the body,\" she stated.Spiritual teacher, Shalini Attre, a faculty member at Art of Living centre, said that fasting has spiritual benefits as well. \"It makes the mind calm and serene. This means to detach oneself from the thought of food but to get closer to God. When a person concentrates on the thought of God, it makes the mind light, agile and pure. \"People have forgotten that they eat to live and not live to eat. Eating rich food while on fast brings more thoughts in the mind, which results in restlessness of mind and body,\" said Attre.Physician with King George's Medical University, Dr Kausar Usman admitted that the number of those suffering from gastro-intestinal problems and stomach upsets surges by the time Navaratra ends. \"Actually people stay empty stomach since morning, which shocks the system and retards it's functioning for some time. When they eat, they consume all fried and high calorie food. To burn the food, the gastro-intestinal track needs to work extra. And all this happens at a time, when the body is already under the pressure of seasonal change. So, all sorts of pressures turn a person sick,\" he explained.He recommended that people should eat something healthy and light at regular intervals. \"People should increase their intake of liquid. They should avoid oily and fried food and consume salad, milk, dry fruits, juice, fruits, fruit shake and boiled potato,\" Usman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16845928", "title": "Workshop to train nodal officers", "text": "KOCHI: As part of the all-India survey on higher education, a workshop for training the nodal officers in colleges and universities was held in Cochin University of science and technology (Cusat). The workshop is being planned by the ministry of human resource department (MHRD) and the UGC for developing a database on higher education institutions in the country. Speaking at the inaugural function, vice-chancellor Ramachandran Thekkedath said that data collection should be an objective for proper planning for comprehensive education and utilization of human resources. He said that age restrictions should be lifted for ensuring universal education in the country.\"The nodal officers from affiliated colleges of Cusat, Calicut, Kannur and MG univerisites are undergoing training,\" said N Balakrishnan, Cusat nodal officer.He said that the last date for uploading the data is Oct 31 this year and the officers have to upload it according to the format mentioned. Basic information including infrastructural, administrative and academic details will be entered.The aim of the survey which began last year is to identify and get data on all the institutions of higher learning in the country. Prior to the launching of the full-fledged survey, a pilot survey was conducted in some of the selected Institutions of higher learning of different type.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "cape town", "code": "16847678", "title": "IPL teams yet to adapt to South African pitches: Du Plessis", "text": "CAPE TOWN: The four Indian Premier League teams are finding it tough to adapt quickly to the bouncy South African pitches and that is primarily responsible for their indifferent performances in the ongoing Champions League Twenty20 , Chennai Super Kings all-rounder Faf du Plessis said.While reigning IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders , Chennai Super Kings and Mumbai Indians are yet to win a match in the tournament, the Delhi Daredevils have won their opening fixture against KKR.\"You've got to get used to the conditions quickly and most IPL teams are starting off slowly because these are very different conditions for them,\" Du Plessis said after CSK lost by six wickets to the Highveld Lions on Tuesday to slump to their second consecutive defeat in the tournament.\"And the teams who are used to these conditions - the Australian and South African teams - are doing well,\" he observed.Du Plessis feels the Mahendra Singh Dhoni-led Chennai outfit was \"little unlucky\" not to have defended the challenging score of 158/6 on Tuesday.\"I think they bowled really well and we were a little unlucky. Gulam Bodi got away with a few lucky edges for fours and he could've been out any of these times. I thought our pacers bowled very well up front,\" the South African said.\"It's just that the Lions got the best of the conditions. The wicket was a bit slow when they were bowling and as you saw their spinner (Aaron) Phangiso got a couple of them to turn.\"Sitting on the sidelines, I thought according to my knowledge of the conditions, as it gets colder at night, the wicket will get a little quicker and that's nice for batting. I thought after the sixth over of the second innings, it was perfect to bat on,\" Du Plessis said.In a tight corner after the two loses, Chennai will now have to win both their remaining Group B games against Mumbai Indians and Yorkshire to remain in the hunt for a place in the semifinals.And Du Plessis is hoping for highly improved performances in the remaining two matches to stand in with any chance of playing against his home side Titans in the knock-out stage of the tournament.\"The only way I can play them (Titans) is if we meet in the semis, and for that to happen now we'll need to start playing some really good cricket to get our net run-rate up,\" he said.\"If it happens, it would be nice to play against them. They've bowled to me 1000 balls in the nets, so even they know where I like to score. We'll get there, we'll get there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843484", "title": "Govt scraps bid to assess anti-graft measures", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has scrapped its plan to evaluate and assess anti-corruption measures by any registered Indian law firm, academic or research organization owing to lack of eligible applicants.The ministry of personnel had in May invited Expression of Interest (EOI) in response to the country's obligation to carry out the evaluation exercise under the United Nations Convention against Corruption (UNCAC) norms.Though the government had extended the EOI deadline twice since May, it could not find a minimum of three eligible applicants to proceed to the next stage to zero in on any agency for the mandated task. Finally, the ministry issued a notice on October 8, scrapping the proposal.As parts of its mandatory obligation under the UNCAC, the government had earlier decided to assess anti-corruption measures being taken in the country and invited EOI from registered Indian law institutionsfirms, academic or research organizations to undertake the evaluation study.Selected agency was required to complete its task - assessment of compliance of the domestic laws and measures vis-a-vis the requirements under the provisions of the UNCAC \u2014 within 36 weeks after being selected for the job.According to EOI, the independent agency was to be mandated to find gaps and interact with ministries of home affairs, external affairs, law &amp; justice, corporate affairs; Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) and Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to gather inputs or clarifications in keeping with UNCAC norms.The UNCAC is an international legal instrument to deal with corruption, which imposes obligations on member states to provide legal and administrative measures for facilitating recovery of assets in trans-border corruption and promoting international co-operation in combating trans-border graft through measures like mutual legal assistance, extradition and joint investigation among others.India had ratified the global convention to check corruption on May 9, 2011. India is among the 160 nations, which have either ratified or acceded to the UNCAC provisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16842695", "title": "\u2018Bio-diversity meet a farce\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: It is not just India and other countries but even the United Nations which is under the influence of corporate companies, said social activist Medha Patkar who was in the city on Tuesday. Participating in the people's biodiversity festival which is being organised by various NGOs and agriculture groups, she came down heavily on the ongoing CoP-11 and said its outcome should be critically analysed and monitored.\"While delegates from more than 195 countries are gathering at the CoP-11 to enact more policies and in some way receive benefits, the outcome needs to be critically and strongly analysed. Why are they spending millions of dollars on organising this meet? It is only to snatch away the remaining biodiversity and natural resources from the common man. It is not justified that people (general public) who belong to the nation do not have access to this conference but those few attending the meet have access to every nook and corner of the country,\" she said.Declaring the various sections of people like farmers, fishermen and others whose livelihood depend on nature and natural resources as the real protectors of nature, she called upon people to fight corporates. \"Almost every policy in the country is now influenced by them. They are looting our natural resources and destroying biodiversity in the name of development which is a very big crime,\" she added. She said that Sompeta and Kakarapalli agitations against power plants were in fact a direct political battle between the politicians and the common man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16845747", "title": "Poll officials seize Rs 23L in Surendranagar", "text": "RAJKOT: Static Surveillance Teams (SSTs) of Election Commission seized Rs 23 lakh cash in Surendranagar district in the last one day. A team deployed in Chotila taluka seized Rs 3.14 lakh from the car of Merubhai Mundhava near Jalaram temple in Chotila town on Monday.The money was handed over to the officials of income tax (I-T) department. Mundhava claimed that he had got this money from a friend in Surat to purchase a land in his native village of Gadhda in Dhrol taluka of Jamnagar district.In another instance, a team seized Rs 17.30 lakh from a car during checking in Thangadh on Tuesday. Bhupat Rupareliya and Manish Tanna of Rajkot, who were travelling in the car, said they were taking the money to Halvad to purchase groundnut. The money was handed over to I-T officials to verify their claims and the source of money.In the third incident, Rs 3 lakh were seized from an employee of an angadiya firm in Surendranagar on Tuesday. The money was unaccounted and was also handed over to I-T officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16845980", "title": "District panchayat approves annual plan proposals", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The development seminar of the Kozhikode district panchayat held on Tuesday approved the annual plan project proposals for the current fiscal worth 51.27-cr and for the year 2013-14. The proposals focus on rejuvenation of agriculture, infrastructure development and enhanced social sector spending. The meeting also approved the draft project proposals of the 12th plan.The district panchayat will spent Rs 1.46 crore on the agriculture sector. The projects in the farm sector include the Noorumeni project to boost paddy cultivation and the dairy village project with an outlay of Rs 30 lakh.The infrastructure sector tops the spending list with 35% of the total allocations, followed by the services sector with 30%.On the educational front, the local body will implement the 'Vijayrath' project intended to enhance the quality of school education. Higher secondary schools will get smart classes under the project which will be launched on November 1.The district panchayat has earmarked Rs 40 lakh for the development of the industrial estate in Cheruvannur-Nallalam. Ten acres of land will be identified in each taluk and handed over to entrepreneurs.The proposal has several novel projects, including nutritional schemes for the HIV-affected and scholarships for the physically and mentally challenged, on the welfare front. The ongoing Snehasparsham project, aimed at providing free renal care to poor kidney patients will get an additional allocation of Rs 10 lakh. Projects for women and children feature prominently in the social sector \u2014 Rs 75 lakh will be spent on student empowerment, Rs 60 lakh on setting up anganwadi buildings and Rs 35 lakh on setting up counselling centres in schools.The seminar expressed concern about just five months being left for implementation of the annual plan. Kerala institute of local administration (Kila) director P P Balan inaugurated the meeting. District panchayat president Kanathil Jameela presided. Development standing committee chairperson T K Thangamani presented the draft project proposals. District collector K V Mohan Kumar released it by handing it over to district planning officer M A Ramesh Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16843214", "title": "Forest force armed with SLRs to combat poachers", "text": "GUWAHATI: Arming the Forest Protection Force (FPF) of the state with modern sophisticated weapons for the first time, chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Tuesday flagged off a 50-member contingent of the force from Dispur with as many self-loading rifles (SLRs) for Kaziranga National Park where poachers have been killing rhino with impunity for the past few months.The contingent is carrying an additional 150 SLRs for 100 FPF officials who were deployed at the national park a few days ago by the state forest department besides existing forest officials.\"With changing times, poachers and extremist organisations have acquired sophisticated arms. Arming our Forest Protection Force with sophisticated weapons will boost the strength of the forest force to combat poachers in Kaziranga,\" said Gogoi.As many as 12 rhinos have been killed by poachers in Kaziranga in the last 10 months. He said that the state government will soon come up with a white paper on the rhino poachings that have taken place in the state. The chief minister added that the recent floods that left large parts of the park submerged, making these places inaccessible to patrolling, made it easier for poachers to target Kaziranga rhinos.\"Arming the FPF with sophisticated SLRs is indeed a milestone for the state forest department. Earlier, the forest department had only .315 rifles, but now that they have SLRs, our protection force will be able to curb the poaching activities to a great extent,\" said state forest minister Rockybul Hussain.The state government in April this year had amended the Forest Act to give the state FPF powers on the lines of the police to allow them to use sophisticated weapons.Before amendment of this act, the FPF did not have immunity for prosecuting poachers without prior permission, but now the force can use SLRs, AK-47 rifles, machine guns and other sophisticated arms to tackle poachers.\"Earlier, after killing a poacher, our staff were quizzed by police. But, now the FPF can go all out against poachers,\" Hussain added.The state forest department has also sent deputy chief conservator of forest Chittaranjan Bhobra and assistant conservator of forest Dharani Dhar Boro to assist the Kaziranga director in curbing poaching activities at the national park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16844210", "title": "President Pranab Mukherjee for crafting a high quality national healthcare system", "text": "NEW DELHI: Noting that about four crore people plunge into poverty each year due to medical expenses, President Pranab Mukherjee on Tuesday stressed the need for crafting a high quality national healthcare system for the poor and rich alike. He said that health and medical expenses had an impoverishing impact on the vulnerable sections of the society.\"Almost 80 per cent of the expenditure on healthcare is met by personal, out of pocket, payment. As many as four crore people plunge into poverty each year due to expenses on medical treatment,\" Mukherjee said. He was addressing 40th convocation function of All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in the Capital.Mukherjee said India should aim at attaining universal health coverage in the next two to three plan periods. \"Public spending on health should rise to 2.5 percent of the GDP by the end of twelfth plan period,\" he addedAsserting that health is among the topmost priorities of the government, he said the nation's productivity depends on the health and well-being of its citizens. \"Economic growth that does not go hand-in-hand with reduction in avoidable mortality and ill health is neither sustainable nor desirable,\" the President said. Mukherjee asked the faculty and the students to work in unison to ensure that AIIMS emerged among ten best medical universities in the world.As many as 465 degrees were awarded in different disciplines and branches of medicine and allied health sciences during the ceremony. The President gave away Institute medals and prizes under different categories. Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said that to scale-up availability of paramedic professionals, sanction has been given for establishment of National Institute of Paramedical Sciences at Delhi and eight other regional centres. He said that AIIMS's outreach OPD at Jhajjar, Haryana will be operational by next month.At present, AIIMS has a total bed strength of 2,424, including day care beds in dentistry. During the preceding year, the Institute attended to 25,78,396 patients in OPD and casualty, admitted 1,72,036 patients and performed 1,37,019 surgical procedures, Director, AIIMS, R C Deka said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16844561", "title": "Chinese leader to visit Pakistan amid preparations for leadership change at home", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese president Hu Jintao sent senior leader, Li Changchun , to Islamabad and Dhaka for \"official goodwill visits\" starting Wednesday. The move is surprising since the Communist Party's leadership change is due on November 8.Li is among leaders who will vacate his seat in the party's political standing committee, which effectively rules the country. Seven of the nine members in this committee will be replaced during the leadership shuffle.There was no coherent explanation for the sudden move to send Li to Islamabad. Observers said China is keenly watching the groundswell of public opinion against theTaliban after the attack on the 14-year-old activist, Malala Yousufzai.Chinese foreign ministry said Li will discuss bilateraland regional issues with Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari. He will also inaugurate an additional channel of China Radio International in Urdu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16846034", "title": "Calicut University launches online certificate verification", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Calicut University has launched an online document verification system which will enable authentication of certificates and varsity mark lists from across the globe within minutes.The system will help the varsity graduates and prospective employers who wish to recruit CU students to authenticate the certificates submitted by them.University registrar P P Mohammed signed an MoU with a Chennai-based company to mark the launch of the system in the presence of vice-chancellor M Abdul Salam. Speaking at the function the VC said the university was receiving numerous requests from employers as well as alumni from the Gulf and other foreign countries to verify the certificates to rule out fraud.\"At present, the varsity is handling the verification manually after receiving the copy of the mark lists and certificates along with a chalan by courier which is time-consuming. The new system would speed up the entire process,\" he said. The service will be made available through the website www.cudirectverify.in.Pro vice-chancellor K Raveendranath, finance officer K P Rajesh and controller of examinations V Rajagopalan attended the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16845441", "title": "Talati, taluka development officer issued show-cause notice", "text": "VADODARA: A show-cause notice has also been issued to his superior officer, Waghodia's taluka development officer (TDO) for negligence in supervision of the talati's work.The order was issued after an inquiry report of a committee constituted to inquire into the complaint by Waghodia's Congress unit, found enough grounds to uphold the accusations made against the officials. Congress had accused the taluka officials of being partisan for not removing the posters of the chief minister Narendra Modi, which were put up at Savli road before the MCC came into force.M P Mehta, an office-bearer of Waghodia taluka Congress, had further accused the officials of discriminating between Congress and BJP in removing the posters which were put up during Swami Vivekananda Yuva Vikas Yatra. \"BJP's posters were not removed for a long time and then they were given back to the BJP by the talati office, instead of being confiscated, while our posters were immediately torn up,\" he had alleged.The complaint had also named a former MLA of using the government rest houses and taluka offices for the party use, as well as \"misusing government and district panchayat office guest houses, government offices and telephones to carry out political work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16845023", "title": "BMC to levy Narmada tax from Sept 4", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) issued orders for collecting Narmada tax from residents who have sought building permission after September 4, 2012, the day cabinet approved the proposal to impose the new tax.Orders to this effect were passed by the corporation here on Monday.The BMC had granted permission to nearly 133 buildings after September 4. \"We are issuing notices to the applicants to pay their dues,\" BMC city planner Amit Gajbhiye told TOI.\"The corporation expects to get about Rs 4-5 crore from the new tax which will be used for sorting out issues relating to Narmada water supply to Bhopal,\" BMC officials. Confusion prevails over imposing the tax from the time Narmada water supply project was introduced. \"We are going to write to the government seeking clarification whether the residents granted building permission in 2008 after the Narmada project was introduced can be taxed,\" officials said.BMC first introduced the tax in 2008. As soon as the corporation started charging the tax, it was challenged in the court which directed the BMC to discontinue the collection of the tax on the grounds that it can't be levied till the state government approves it. The corporation then sent the proposal to the state government for its approval which came in September this year.\"If the government approves Narmada tax collection from 2008, the amount would rise to Rs 20 crore,\" an official said. BMC granted permission to 12,930 buildings since 2008.\"This is a once in a life time tax. Residents have to pay this only while seeking building permission,\" BMC additional commissioner Pramod Shukla said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16844992", "title": "Hounslow mayor suggests twin-city plan", "text": "LUDHIANA: Mayor of Hounslow Pritam Singh Grewal came visiting to Ludhiana on Tuesday and exchanged views and ideas with his city counterpart Harcharan Singh Gohalwaria. Apart from ways of making the working of municipal corporation more efficient, he also discussed the possibility of exchange programmes for councillors for better exposure and solutions to problems under twin-city programme.Grewal said, \"In Hounslow, we have a different style of working. Once completed, all development projects, including construction of roads, footpaths and bridges, are to be maintained by the construction company for another 20 years. In case the company is unable to do so, a heavy fine is imposed on it.\" This information is all the more important for civic authorities in a city like Ludhiana where most of the roads develop potholes merely a few days after construction.He added that in their country the term of mayor is one year whereas that of a councillor is four years. \"There is a lot of accountability for development-related and other projects on the construction company,\" he said.Grewal offered support for finding solution to problems being faced by Ludhiana MC in dealing with pollution and traffic. He also proposed twin-city programme whereby the selected representatives of civic authorities could plan trips to the other country for better exposure.Mayor Harcharan Singh Gohalwaria, who welcomed all the proposals, said he would discuss them in MC house and any further action would be based on that opinion.Belonging to Kila Raipur near Ludhiana, the Hounslow mayor said after having done his BSc from Arya College, in 1976 he settled in England. In 1995, he joined the Labour Party and in 1996 he got associated with the cabinet to become a councillor in 2002, and finally a mayor in 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16842985", "title": "\u2018Redefine \u2018aurat\u2019 with respect\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Urdu literature that is predominantly male crafted needs a 'fair' revisal, feminist litterateurs and women scholars of Urdu said here on Tuesday. The scholars said there were many important texts including Urdu dictionaries that need to be revisited and revised by women Urdu writers.A case in point, they said, was the word aurat (woman) which apparently has derogatory definitions in various dictionaries. \"There are many important dictionaries in Urdu which define a woman as 'something which when displayed will make one feel ashamed' and also as a being which 'deserves to be covered up'. These definitions can be found in Farhang-e-Asifia and Noor-ul-Lughaat. The meanings are derogatory and portray women as organisms with poor intellect,\" said Shahnaz Nabi, head of the department of Urdu, University of Kolkata. Nabi made this observation at a seminar on 'Writings of Women, Writings on Women' held at Maulana Azad National Urdu University (Manuu) on Tuesday.Dismissing assertions of detractors of feminist Urdu literature that it cannot be included in the main body of Urdu literature since it is a societal movement, Nabi said that literature and society cannot be looked at as two separate entities because literature enshrines the changes in society.Speakers also noted that many famous writers chose to speak of a woman's beauty, vulnerability and the need to protect her but anybody who took a bolder view of the fairer sex was duly punished. Padmashree awardee Jeelani Bano noted that a few members of the Muslim clergy were outraged by Rashid Jahan's book 'Angarey' and succeeded in getting it banned by the government in British-ruled India and Ismat Chughtai was dragged to court for `Lihaaf' on obscenity charges. In contrast, celebrated poets like Mir Muhammad Iqbal, Mirza Ghalib and Faiz Ahmed Faiz were in love with only the 'notion of the beautiful woman'. Further, she observed that Iqbal denigrated a woman's intellect and sought to 'protect' her by seeing her as a 'beautiful emerald ornament'. She spoke of how poet Akbar Ilahabadi had written of 'unfettered women' who refused to wear the veil. \"Poocha jo main ne aap ka purdah woh kya hua/Kehne lagein ke aql pe mardon ke parh gaya (I asked them where has your veil gone/They said that it is covering the intellect of men). There are many such examples,\" she said.Lauding the work of writers from the city such as Avadheesh Rani, Habeeb Zia, Ashraf Rafi and Jameela Nishat, speakers said that they have produced a body of Urdu literature, each with a distinct individual style, focusing on contemporary issues and factors hindering women empowerment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "16844150", "title": "Uttarakhand: Fire brigade van falls into river, 6 dead", "text": "DEHRADUN: Rescuers recovered a 50-year-old fireman's body on Tuesday hours after a fire brigade van carrying him and five of his colleagues fell into the Mandakini River in Uttarakhand's Rudrapryag district.A police source identified the man as head constable Govind Prasad and said efforts were on to rescue the bodies of the others - Sambhu Prasad, Manoj Kumar, Amit Jaiswal, Rajneesh Kumar and Sanjeet Kumar.Rudraprayag SP said the van fell around 11pm on Monday while they were returning from a rescue operation. DIG (Pauri Range) G N Goswami said that the men's families would get an ex-gratia of 2 lakh each besides a government job, since they died on duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16842804", "title": "Acquisition of pvt land for Vanpic project faulted", "text": "The high court on Tuesday sought to know from the state as to how it could take over 325 acres of private land in Prakasam district and hand it over to Vanpic Projects Ltd. The judge was responding to a petition filed by D Koti Reddy, who challenged the action of the state as he had purchased the land in an auction conducted by the HC appointed liquidator for Rs 3.5 crore. The land belonged to a liquidated firm called M/s Auriferous Aqua Farms Ltd. The district collector of Prakasam was summoned to know the sequence of events in the case. Advocate general A Sudarshan Reddy said that most of this land was assigned and hence the state had the right to take it over. The judge sought to know the extent of assigned and patta land in this case. He also made it clear that the provisions of the Assigned Land Act were not applicable to areas that farmers possessed prior to the enactment of the Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16843616", "title": "Volkswagen opens Rs 33-cr academy at Chakan", "text": "PUNE: Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday inaugurated the Volkswagen Group's academy where automobile manufacturer Volkswagen will train the staff of its dealers and other business partners in technical, marketing and soft skills.Volkswagen has invested Rs 33 crore in the facility which has come up at Chakan and is the company's largest training facility in Asia.The 5,000 sq m academy has 10 well-equipped classrooms and six practice areas for the practical sessions for participants to get a hands-on training on Volkswagen Group products.At present, the Volkswagen Group markets cars including those from the Volkswagen, Skoda and Audi families of products and the marquee models of Lamborghini and Porsche in India.Volkswagen India president and managing director John Chacko said the present set-up of the academy has the scope to train over 5,000 participants annually from all over India for a duration of between two and 10 days and can deliver up to 26,000 training man days.The academy will train Volkswagen staff as well as dealership staff in sales, after-sales, soft skills, IT, behaviourial aspects and mechatronics, Chacko said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16845163", "title": "Special Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation buses to Mysore for Dasara", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) on Tuesday announced extra buses from different parts of the state to Mysore in view of Dasara.About 400 extra buses will ply from Kolar, Mangalore, Hassan, Davanagere and Bangalore to the Royal City during the festival, said a KSRTC official. The official said 200 special buses will be exclusively operated in Mysore to cater to the needs of the people visiting surrounding tourist centres like Chamundi Hills, Brindavan Gardens, Srirangapatna and Nanjangud. \"Information centres have been set up in Mysore and bus stations across the state to facilitate passengers,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16846309", "title": "Skywatchers spot planet with four suns", "text": "LONDON: A team of amateur astronomers has discovered a new planet, six times the size of Earth and surrounded by four suns in a first-of-its-kind phenomenon. The planet located around 5,000 light years from Earth orbits one pair of stars and is in turn circled by a second pair.As a result, a total of four stars light up its skies. So far scientists have identified six circumbinary planets \u2014 orbiting two stars instead of one \u2014 but none of these have further suns orbiting them, making the quadruple star system named KIC 4862625 one-of-itskind . The planet was discovered by two US volunteers using the Planet Hunters project led by a team from Yale University , the Daily Mail said.The planet called PH1 is a gas giant slightly bigger than Neptune and is around 6.2 times the size of Earth. It spends 138 days completing a single orbit around its two suns, one of which is 1.5 times the size and the other 0.41 the size of Earth's sun. Those two suns circle one another every 20 days. The two other suns orbit PH1's twin suns at a distance of 1,000 times that between the Earth and the Sun. PH1's temperature is estimated to range from a minimum of about 251\u00b0 C to a maximum of 340\u00b0C, far too hot to bear life. \"Although PH1 is a gas giant planet, even if there is a possibility of rocky moons orbiting the body, their surfaces would be too hot for liquid water to exist,\" experts said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16844291", "title": "Gaya police moot OP at Vishnupad temple", "text": "GAYA: A proposal to establish a police outpost in the Vishnupad temple area for the protection of the shrine is being sent to the police headquarters. The proposal is important in view of the intelligence inputs that the Gaya shrine is on the terrorists' radar. The IM members arrested recently revealed that religious places in Gaya district were on their target.The proposal has to be cleared by the cabinet. It has been decided to deploy two sections of police force permanently in the Vishnupad area for the shrine's safety.When contacted, Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar confirmed the proposal. As of now, two sections of police force guard the area and the temple security stood high on the Gaya police priority list.Adequate security measures have also been taken for the security of the Mahabodhi temple, the seat of Buddha's enlightenment. Security of the two shrines will regularly be reviewed, the SSP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16843598", "title": "Psychology, nutrition to be part of sports studies", "text": "PUNE: Physical education in schools won't be restricted to the playground anymore. It will now include elements like sports psychology, nutrition and diet for sportspersons.The changes in curriculum are being made as per the state sports policy introduced by the ministry of sports and youth affairs. A four-member committee has been appointed to make recommendations on the sports curriculum in schools to the ministry. The committee has been asked to consider stds I to X and review the sports system in schools under the Maharashtra board.Nuritionist Renu Gupta, sports psychologist P M Alegaonkar, education expert Naina Nimkar and resident editor of Maharashtra Times, Pune, Parag Karandikar have been appointed on the committee. All four members are from Pune.As per the new sports policy, it is mandatory for schools to have five sports periods in a week. State minister of sports Padmakar Valvi said, \"Besides training on the ground, it is important for students to get comprehensive knowledge about sports. If this knowledge is imparted at school level, we will have sportspersons who will have their fundamentals clear from a young age.Subjects like nutrition, diet, rules and regulations of various sports and psychology of sportspersons will provide a new dimension to students keen to take up sports as a career.\"He said, \"Today, apart from being a sportsperson, there are several career options in the field of sports, such as sports management, nutrition, physiotherapy, sports psychology and personal training. Students should also be informed about these career avenues.\"As per the policy, the physical training periods must also give priority to outdoor sports, aquatics, gymnastics and yoga.When contacted, Nimkar said, \"I was informed of my appointment over the phone last week. Official documentation is still to be completed. The committee will meet after it is completed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16842716", "title": "BITS Hyderabad gears up for tech fest", "text": "HYDERABAD: BITS Pilani Hyderabad has hopped on to the tech-fest bandwagon with a new national level technical fest coming up later this month. Comprising workshops by Wikipedia and Dreamworks Animation and events involving robotics and circuit design, the fest titled 'Atmos 2012' is expected to see participation of around 200 colleges from across the country.Being organised on a budget of around Rs 15 lakh, the organisers of the fest, which is set be launched on October 25 and will go on till October 27, have managed to rope in big sponsors and have received entries from premier institutes across the country including a few IITs and NITs apart from VIT (Vellore) and SRM (Chennai). The highlight of the event however, are the two workshops being conducted by Wikipedia, the well-known online encyclopedia and Dreamworks Animation, which has churned out popular animated films like the Shrek, Madagascar and Kung Fu Panda series. Siddarth Yerram, president of the students union at the institute said, \"Wikipedia will be organising a continuous 12-hour long hack-a-thon in which participants will have to accomplish the task of a task like hacking a given website or showcase their coding skills. On the other hand, the workshop by Dreamworks Animation will have experts showing students how to build a ray-tracer which is an image used extensively in the animation process.\" He added that an air show consisting of remote-controlled model planes and helicopters built or modified by students and another special workshop for first year students on the basics of all fields like astronomy, robotics, electronics etc will also be held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843370", "title": "Transformer fire hits power supply in South Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Power supply was disrupted in many parts of south Delhi on Tuesday afternoon when a fire broke out in a 100MVA transformer at the 220kV Okhla sub-station. No one was injured in the fire that was reported around 2.28pm. Fire brigade officials said 18 fire tenders were rushed to the spot to put out the fire. While officials from Delhi Transco said only 40MW power supply was affected, residents ofnearby colonies like Kalkaji, East of Kailash, Alaknanda and CR Park complained of power cuts lasting two to three hours.Fire brigade officials said the 220kV sub-station was isolated from the grid as a precautionary measure soon after the 100MVA power transformer caught fire. \"There was 40,000 litres of oil in the transformer, and we had to let it burn out. We sent our fire tenders from Nehru Place, Safdarjung and later six other fire stations. The fire was brought under control and by 4.32pm our officers said everything was under control,\" said AK Sharma, Delhi Fire Service chief.Witnesses said thick black smoke and flames could be seen near the sub-station and that initially even the firemen thought the situation was grave.SS Kaushik, assistant divisional officer of Delhi Fire Service, said, \"We received the call at 2.45pm and fire brigades from nearby fire stations at Nehru Place, Sarita Vihar, Govindpuri, too, were rushed to the spot. The flames were at least 60 feet high, and one could see them from INA Market. The transformer also had thousands of litres of oil and we had to use foam to douse the fire. Three jets were used at the same time to put out the flames.''A Transco official said, \"The restoration of power supply started from alternative sources within 15 minutes of the incident and the power supply was normalized by 4pm. The load of the sub-station was mainly diverted to 220kV sub-stations at Masjid Moth, Mehrauli and Vasant Kunj. The fire was completely doused by 4.35pm. The cause of fire is being investigated,'' said a Transco spokesperson.This is not the first time residents have suffered due to problems in the Okhla grid. Over the last year, there have been multiple instances of tripping in the grid affecting power supply in areas like CR Park, Alaknanda, Greater Kailash II, Nehru Place and adjoining areas. Power sector experts blame it on lack of maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16845477", "title": "Integrated township planned for outskirts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: FDI-backed real estate firm Alpha G Corp, which owns and manages the Alpha One mall at Vastrapur, is looking at setting up an integrated housing project on city outskirts.The Gurgaon-headquartered company has already launched three township projects, one each at Fatehbad in Haryana, Karnal and Amritsar.The company's 1.2 million square feet Alpha One mall became operational last year. The group invested over Rs 360 crore in the mall.\"We are bullish on Gujarat. We have leased out 98 per cent retail space at the mall in Ahmedabad and will now be developing an integrated township project,\" said Prodipta Sen, executive director (retail) of the company.The company is looking at the real estate asset management route for the project. He said that the company is conducting due diligence and is in process of acquiring land for this project. \"There is a huge demand in Ahmedabad for affordable housing. We are looking at a project priced between Rs 25 lakh and Rs 40 lakh,\" said Sen.\"We have sent a fund outlay for Rs 5,500 crore in north India over the next three years. In western India, we are looking at investing a similar amount and at least half of it will come to Ahmedabad, Vadodara and Surat,\" he added.Talking about retail sector in Ahmedabad, Sen said that the local developers failed to assess the need of an Amdavadi.\"The mall has recorded a footfall of over one crore in the last one year, which means an average of around 30,000 visitors daily. The brisk business done by the various domestic and international brands narrate the potential of Amdavadi shoppers,\" said Sen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "16846036", "title": "16-year-old student killed in freak bus accident", "text": "MALAPPURAM: In yet another tragedy involving a school bus, a plus one student of Brothers Higher Secondary School in Mavundiyur, near Valanchery, died after being hit by the school bus in front of the school gate at 9.30am on Tuesday.The deceased, Rashida M (16), daughter of Moideen Kutty, was on her way to the school from her house nearby. The school bus which was backing up after dropping students, struck her down and it rear wheels ran over her. Rashida, who sustained serious head injuries, was taken to the Nadakkavu Hospital in Valanchery where she breathed her last.Tension prevailed in the area for hours as locals destroyed the bus. Police have registered a case against the bus driver.School principal V P Mohammed said the student hadn't noticed the bus which was reversing. Two students who were walking alongside Rashida moved away seeing the bus.In a similar incident on September 13, a 12-year-old girl of MSM Higher Secondary School in Kallingalparambu, near Kalpakancheri, was killed, getting trapped between the wall of the school building and the school bus.Malappuram deputy director of education (DDE) K C Gopi said frequent accidents involving school buses had become a serious safety issue. \"School buses are operating without any safety concerns. Most of them operate out of school grounds which double as playgrounds. We have been repeatedly asking headmasters to employ only experts as school bus drivers. The accident on Tuesday is a clear instance of negligent driving,\" he said. The DDE said the department was seriously considering asking schools to refrain from taking school buses into the school compound unless there were separate designated drop-off and pick-up points. The DDE said authorities in the department would launch a probe into the mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16847799", "title": "Singeetham Srinivasa Rao says there's no rule to screenwriting", "text": "\"Take any Tamil movie and broadcast it on radio. The audience wouldn't find any difference.\" This Balu Mahendra quote invoked by actor/director Kamal Haasan during the course of a public interaction as a part of the screenwriting workshop organized by FICCI , with director Singeetham Srinivasa Rao put the whole event in perspective.Kamal Haasan and Singeetham Srinivasa Rao recollected the making of the films Pushpak , Apoorva Sagotharargal , Michael Madana Kamarajan and Mumbai Express and the process of screen writing involved therein. The duo's conversation was built around the idea of a \"visual\" film and the tendency of film-makers to underestimate the power of visuals. Kamal Haasan pointed out that the way he looked at screen writing changed after he completed Pushpak as he started realizing the redundancy of certain dialogues he had written earlier and made it a point to cut down on verbosity thereafter.Both of them also opened up about the practical problems they faced during filming like never before. They spoke of their inability to afford Ilaiyaraja due to financial constraints, their idea to get Satyajit Ray on board to compose music for Pushpak which didn't materialize, about rewriting Apoorva Sagothargal all over again after listening to an alternate take on the movie and the planned prelude to the plot of Michael Madana Kamarajan which they regret not filming.Singeetham and Kamal also spoke about their unsuccessful venture \"Mumbai Express\" and about how certain things which work in a certain language or a medium turns out to be a total disaster in another. The audience was then briefed about the value of performances and the necessity of the same to supplement dialogues.\"The golden rule about screenwriting is that there is no golden rule\", quipped Singeetham.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "16844358", "title": "Artisans give finishing touches to pandals", "text": "GUMLA: The district is gearing up for Durga Puja with pandal makers and artisans busy in giving final touches to huge makeshift temple-like structures and idols. Shopkeepers, particularly those dealing in clothes and dresses, are engaged in brisk business with shoppers selecting garments of their choice at their establishments. Many new ready made apparel shops have also come up here during the festival.At block headquarters, tribal youths have taken upon themselves the responsibilities of conducting the affairs of Puja Samiti, said S K Tiwari, a local resident. Since Durga Puja is being celebrated in Gumla at the initiative of some Bengali families since the early 20th century soon after they settled here, many locals too started separate Puja celebrations in the town and later at the block headquarters, recalled Hari Prasad, an elderly businessman of the town.Interestingly, in the tribal heartland of Maoist-hit Bishunpur block in the district, tribal youths have come forward to organize Durga Puja like Banari, Chatakpur and Bishunpur proper, said Sushil Oraon, a local youth.Other block headquarters have developed a tradition to celebrate puja collectively.Several shopkeepers have stocks of new stylish and fashionable garments to meet the demand of the people especially youths and children this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16848410", "title": "Jaggesh and Ramya in Neer Dose", "text": "Sandalwood queen Ramya who is now acting with all younger heroes is set to change tracks. In her two films 'Dil Ka Raaja' and an untitled film she is paired oppsite Prajwal Devaraj and Diganth. Having been inspired by a story narrated by her 'Sidlingu' director Vijaya Prasad, Ramya is all set to work in the director's second project 'Neer Dose'.The film has actor Jaggesh in the lead who is much elder to Ramya. If sources are to be beleived Ramya is not paired with Jaggesh in the film, but is doing an important role.Source : chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16844849", "title": "1.25tmc of water to be released to Kerala in next two months", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Joint Water Regulatory Board of inter-state Parambikulam Aliyar Project (PAP) had a meeting in Coimbatore on Tuesday with the presence of top officials from Kerala and Tamil Nadu and it decided to release 1250 million cubic feet (1.25 TMC) of water to Kerala in the next two months.A 30-year contract between the two states for sharing PAP water expired in 1988 and had not been renewed since then. Officials from both the states meet once in six months to decide on water sharing since then. Tuesday's was the 93rd meeting to share water in PAP.The Parambikulam Aliyar Project helps irrigate 3.76 lakh acres of agricultural land in Coimbatore and Tirupur districts while 1.25 lakh acres of agricultural land in Palakkad district of Kerala also depend on it.According to PWD officials, Tamil Nadu government is bound to release a total of 19.5 TMC water to Kerala every year. Of 19.5 TMC, PWD officials usually share 12.5 TMC water through Sholayar dam and 7.25 TMC water through Aliyar dam and this was the agreement being renewed every year. But this year there was a drought situation in Coimbatore district and hence the officials had agreed to share only a comparatively low amount of water to Kerala.Talking to TOI, K. Ranganathan, Chief Engineer of PWD, Tamil Nadu, said that due to low rainfall Kerala agreed to share only 1.25 TMC of water from Aliyar dam. This agreement is valid from October 16 to December 15. Depending on the rainfall conditions, sharing of the water level will change, said Ranganathan. The meeting of the Regulatory Board was attended by Chief Engineer of Kerala Water Resources Department P. Lathika, Chief Engineer of Kerala State Electricity Board Viswanathan Nair and Chief Engineer of Tamil Nadu PWD K. Ranganathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16845165", "title": "Karnataka tells tribunal it won\u2019t divert Mhadei water", "text": "PANAJI: The Karnataka government on Tuesday assured the Central Water Disputes Tribunal, New Delhi, that it will not utilize or divert water from the Mhadei river basin for its Kalsa-Bhandura project.The three-member tribunal recorded the assurance in its interim order. Goa has been opposing the construction of Kalsa Bhandura project by the neighbouring state for many years now. Sources told TOI that the Goa government has made an application for restraining Karnataka from completing the work on the project and that the state government has also requested the tribunal to visit the construction site.The Mhadei water dispute came up for hearing before the tribunal for finalizing schedules for filing of claims and replies. As per the schedule drawn up, the three states\u2014Karnataka, Maharashtra and Goa\u2014will have to file statements of claims by December 10, replies by early-February and rejoinders by February 15, after which the issues between the parties will be framed for hearings.Environmentalists who have visited the Kalsa-Bhandura project site have said that work is under way to connect the Mhadei basin to the Malaprabha basin through a tunnel of 2,550 m and an open channel of 1,740 m.Karnataka government has consistently maintained that the project is to provide water to Hubli and Dharwad areas. Goa argues that Karnataka does not need to divert the waters from Mhadei to Malaprabha as the latter is not a deficit basin and Mhadei is Goa's lifeline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843817", "title": "Jayalalitha, Mayawati say no to women commandos", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Security Guard on Tuesday for the first time showcased its women commando unit \u2014 trained in all forms of combat and ready to take on all contingencies. The government, however, is in a fix on how to use these commandos after former UP CM Mayawati and Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalitha refused to have women as their 'shadows'.Sources said the 25-member unit was raised to provide VIP security. \"It was envisaged that they could be used to guard women VIPs who would feel comfortable being guarded by female commandos,\" said an official from the security establishment.However, Mayawati and Jayalalitha, who have been accorded Z+ security with NSG's Black Cats guarding them, did not show much enthusiasm for the new plan, sources said. Both are still guarded by NSG men.Security attachment for a VIP is decided by the Centre on the basis of threat perception assessed by intelligence agencies. There is no official provision for VIPs to decide what kind of security contingent guards them.Sources said the force's women commando unit has been raised through the same training as that of male commandos and has all the skills of their male counterparts.Not surprisingly, the force chose to showcase their skills on the 28th NSG Raising Day parade at Manesar on Tuesday where, in a counter-terror mock drill, female commandos slithered down a rope from an aircraft and raided the drill premises with their guns blazing.Praising the unit, NSG DG Subhash Joshi said, \"We do not discriminate between men and women in our force. Our female commandos are as good as our men and will be put to all duties as and when the time and requirement arises.\"Sources in the home department, however, said that given that they were raised with VIP security in mind, their training would have to be recalibrated to see if they can be used in anti-terror operations. The force is undecided over it.Meanwhile, the Centre has extended Z+ security cover of NSG commandos to Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav . Sources said Akhilesh will have round-the-clock mobile security of 10-12 'Black Cats' after the Union home ministry decided to extend the elite security cover to the CM based on the threat perception about him.Akhilesh's father and Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav already enjoys NSG security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16845936", "title": "Fund crunch halts Ernakulam Junction\u2019s upgradation plans", "text": "KOCHI: The much-hyped plan to upgrade Ernakulam Junction to a world class railway station is yet to take wings as the railway board has not sanctioned funds. It was one among the three stations of the state that was promised a revamp by the railways. Though railway officials claimed that the blueprint is ready and they are in the process of preparing a plan, senior personnel were sceptical about its prospects. The board has already sanctioned Rs 10 crore for upgrading Thiruvananthapuram station.An official in Kochi said the blueprint envisages improving basic amenities such as retiring rooms, booking offices, waiting halls and paid AC lounge. The plan has provision to increase the number of AC lounges. It also envisages relocation of the parcel section and systematic organization of the prepaid auto and taxi stands for the convenience of passengers. Around 25 autorickshaws and 30 taxis can be parked at the railways station. This figure can be increased if parking is done in an organized fashion. The final plan will be sent to the southern railway headquarters in Chennai for approval.It will then forward the estimate to the board for authorization.However, additional divisional railway manager (Thiruvananthapuram division) V Rajeevan said: \"Fund crunch has forced the board from granting its approval. The board has to take a decision in this regard since the plan was announced by the minister and taken up at the central level.\" Officials said railways revised fares recently. The board faced this fund crunch as passenger fares were not hiked for the past ten years and hence it was incurring loss over the time.But he added that two escalators would be installed at the station. He revealed that a second tender was floated for this purpose as the first tender failed to attract bidders. \"If we don't get anyone from the state to carry out the work, we would appoint a company from some other state,\" he said.The station's daily passenger traffic is around 13000 and season ticket passengers total to 8,000.A Solid platformRailways to file plan to upgrade South stationRailways will improve the condition of retiring rooms, booking offices and waiting halls.Station to have paid AC loungesParcel section to be relocatedPrepaid auto and taxi stands to be organized sytematicallyPlan will be sent to the southern railway headquarters in Chennai for approval.Chennai office will forward the estimate to railway board for authorization.Kochi: The much-hyped plan to upgrade Ernakulam Junction or South Station to global standards has met with a road block as the railway board is yet to sanction funds for the same. It was one of the three stations in the state that the railway was planning to give a facelift.Though railway officials here claimed that a blueprint in this regard is ready and they are in the process of preparing a plan for the same, senior authorities are apprehensive about the upgradation of the station due to the lack of funds. Meanwhile, the board has already sanctioned Rs 10 crore for the Thiruvananthapuram station.An official with railways in Kochi said that the blueprint envisages improving passenger amenities such as retiring rooms, booking offices, waiting hall and paid AC lounge, and increasing their numbers. It also envisages relocation of the parcel section and efficient and systematic organistion of the prepaid auto and taxi stands for the convenience of passengers. After preparing the plan it would be sent to the southern railway headquarters in Chennai which has to approve the estimate and send it to railway board for sanction.However, V Rajeevan, additional divisional railway manager, Thiruvananthapuram division, said, \"Due to the fund crunch the railway board is yet to sanction fund for the development of the station. It is the railway board who has to take a decision in this regard as the plan was announced by the minister and taken up at the central level.\"But he added that two escalators would be installed in the station, and that the second tender for this purpose was floated recently as the first tender failed to attract bidders. \"If we don't get anyone from the state to carry out the works, we would appoint a company from outside Kerala,\" he said.The station has a daily passenger traffic of 13000 and the season ticket passengers come around 8000 every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16843782", "title": "Man held in UP over jeweller\u2019s murder", "text": "JAIPUR: Claiming to have solved the murder case of a prominent Dausa-based jeweller who was killed one-and-a-half months ago, the police arrested a 60-year-old man from Uttar Pradesh on Tuesday for hand in glove with his son who is the prime accused in the case.According to the police, a massive search has been launched for the two accused bikers who murdered the jeweller on a busy thoroughfare on September 28. Both the accused have been identified.The police also recovered Rs 10 lakh from the accused man.According to superintendent of police SN Kinchi, Rammanohar Soni, 45, was walking home from his shop around 8.30 pm on September 28 when two men on a motorcycle intercepted the jeweller and fired at him. They took away a bag containing some cash and jewellery. Soni died on the spot.\"We had sought help of SOG and ATS and inspected details of over 1.5 lakh mobile calls to trace the gang involved in the robbery and murder,\" said a police officer.The man, identified as Omprakash Jatav, was arrested from Nagala Palhvariaya village in Goverdhan police station area near Mathura.\"His son is one of two bikers who had shot at the jeweller. We have arrested Jatav under Section 412 of IPC for dishonestly receiving and retaining property robbed by his son. We have come to know that Jatav was well aware of the robbery and helped his son hide the booty,\" said the officer.The SP added that the police have come to know about the entire plot behind the robbery and murder of the jeweller. \"We have identified both the bikers and some other gang members. Teams are camping in UP and Bihar to nab these suspects. As there were not many evidences, cracking the case is quite a difficult task,\" said the officer.Dausa police was under pressure to crack the case as local residents had took to the roads immediately after the crime and blocked the Jaipur-Agra National Highway, burnt tyres, took out a protest rally and hurled stones at the police and government. They also set ablaze a UP state transport bus. The Special Task Force (STF) had to be deployed in the town. The residents agreed to call off the agitation only after the police promised to arrest the accused men behind the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16845827", "title": "Power cuts force Karur fabric units to shut", "text": "TRICHY: Mosquito net manufacturers in Karur have struck work since last Friday protesting against the longer hours of unscheduled power cuts. The high-density poly ethylene (HDPE) and monofilament yarn and knitted fabric manufacturers at present get power only for five hours a day. There were about 3,000 units manufacturing the mosquito fabrics until recently and their number has already come down to around 2,000 due to various reasons including competition from Bangladesh that has captured the North Indian markets recently and the increasing cost of granules, the HDPE filament is made out of. The filament is knitted into fabric for mosquito and fishing nets and in the north they are largely used in the cattle farms too.The Karur manufacturers need about 15 MW a day. According to Sivasamy, TNEB, Karur district superintending engineer, the official power cuts were imposed twice a day lasting for three hours each. \"But sometimes, the three-hour outage prolongs into four and more hours and it is in our hands,\" Sivasamy said. Meanwhile, the president of the Karur HDPE Monofilament Yarn and Fabric Manufacturers Association and former MLA, A R Malayappasamy took a delegation to Sivasamy on Friday after striking work and demanded an explanation. Tension was running high and Sivasamy told them that the power situation would be back to the comfortable normal within six months.What irritated the fabric manufacturers was the intermittent power cuts, a syndrome that interfered with their continuous operation of heating and melting the granules. \"We used to operate six continuous days starting from Monday morning and once in a while we would use the generators, but now the generators have become the order of the day shrinking our bottom line. Diesel would cost us at the rate of Rs 15 per unit and as such we cannot sustain the business profitably,\" Malayappasamy told TOI on Friday. The units give livelihood to about 50,000 people and the industry is on the verge of collapse without any exaggeration. \"We are here because we have already reached a point of no return and there is no going back from it, loss or profit,\" he explained. Since the price of the HDPE granules are determined by the prevailing petroleum prices, it now sells at Rs 90 per kg, thereby pushing the cost of production further up.\"While we were sending SOS to the Central and State governments to come our rescue otherwise, the crucial power shortage has come as the last straw. But what gives us sleepless nights is the fact that while we do not expect the power situation to improve over night, we do not see the light at the end of the tunnel too,\" rued Malayappasamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16844754", "title": "Tamil cinema should learn from Hindi: Kamal Haasan", "text": "CHENNAI: Day 1 of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry's Media and Entertainment business conclave ended on a slightly surprising note with actor-director Kamal Haasan saying Tamil cinema had much to learn from Hindi when it came to acting.\"Acting in Hindi cinema has improved to the extent that we should envy it. Earlier, subtle nuances and emotions were the mainstay of Malayalam cinema. Suddenly, Hindi cinema has more sensible acting,\" he said at the closing session on '100 years of Indian Cinema: Awaiting the Next Century'.Director Priyadarshan cut in to attribute this to the \"fine theatre tradition in Hindi, Gujarati and Marathi that has given rise to a new wave of acting\". He also touched upon the shortage of writers in the Indian film industry.Haasan said, \"We have killed Tamil theatre. It is copying cinema instead of the other way around. There is intelligent stand-up comedy but no fine acting. We need a regional school of drama like the National School of Drama.\"Earlier in the day, actors, directors and producers from the Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Kannada and Hindi film industries gathered to talk about the progress Indian cinema had made since Marathi filmmaker Dadasaheb Phalke directed 'Raja Harishchandra' in 1913. Sessions included discussions on digital production, visual effects, audio technology, finance and taxation, and industry trends.The two-day conclave was inaugurated by Kamal Haasan, Hollywood producer Barrie Osborne, Telugu film producer Suresh Babu, president of the South Indian Film Producers' Association C Kalyan, and director Ameer.Haasan, who is also chairman of the conclave, acknowledged the efforts of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry ( Ficci ) to bring policy changes in various segments of the media and entertainment industry. He highlighted its entertainment division's achievements, including the accordance of \"industry status\" to films.The Ficci-Deloitte Knowledge Report pegged the south Indian entertainment industry at 21,190 crore. It said the market is expected to grow at 14% over the next four years to reach 36,005 crore.Television leads this growth with a 58% market share, while print comes second with 29%. The film industry stands as the third largest contributor at 2,340 crore. Radio, which is at 365 crore, is expected to grow the fastest - 22% - over the next four years. The report said the media and market in TN is estimated at 7,620 crore. The south Indian film industry's total revenue was put at 2,340 crore, which is expected to hit 3,550 crore by 2016. Tamil Nadu leads in film revenues in the south with 1,030 crore, followed by Andhra Pradesh.In the limelight all day was producer Barrie Osborne, whose portfolio includes 'The Lord of The Rings', 'Face/Off' and 'The Matrix'. He talked about Hollywood drawing from American classics for scripts. His latest 'The Great Gatsby', which features Amitabh Bachchan in a cameo, is the fourth time the book, written in the 1920s, is being adapted to film. \"Great stories will always be contemporary,\" Osborne said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16845119", "title": "Parle moves HC against candy recall", "text": "MUMBAI: Days after the Food and Drug Association (FDA) termed Parle's Kachcha Mango Bite 'unsafe' and recalled it from the market, Parle Products has challenged the action in the Bombay high court.The FDA had raided Parle's factory in Nashik and Raigad and seized Kachcha Mango Bite candies worth Rs 2.36 crore. FDA had taken the action against the product as \"it contained lactic acid\".In a press statement, Parle Products said, \"The company has challenged the action in the HC on Friday.\"A Parle spokesperson said, \"While we are awaiting the FDA results, we feel we have been unfairly penalized. Lactic acid is widely used in various food categories like curd, infant milk-based formulations, bread, paneer, etc.\"Meanwhile, the FDA said that the preliminary report had termed the product 'unsafe'. \"Lactic acid, in whatever quantity, is not allowed in sugar boiled confectionaries,\" said a senior FD Aofficial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "cape town", "code": "16843910", "title": "Free hits took momentum away from us: MS Dhoni", "text": "CAPE TOWN: Chennai Super Kings captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni on Tuesday said that the loss of momentum due to free hits conceded to the opposition while defending the target was one of the reasons for his side's defeat at the hands of Highveld Lions in Champions League Twenty20 .The Lions hit a six off a free hit in the ninth over bowled by Albie Morkel and then a four of a similar penalty in the 17th over bowled by R Ashwin and Dhoni said that these had shifted the momentum in favour of the opposition.\"The timing of the no-balls was crucial. Small things matter. All of a sudden the momentum shifted, they were able to score a lot more freely,\" Dhoni said after his side lost by six wickets to slump to their second consecutive defeat.Dhoni, however, said that the 158 his side posted after being asked to bat was a good score though they could have scored more.\"We got off to a very good start, we lost too many wickets in the middle, so we were not able to slog the way we could have, but we still got the score we wanted. I think 160 was a good score,\" he said.Chennai are now in a difficult position to make it to the semifinals, having lost to Sydney Sixers in their opening match on October 14 but Dhoni said that they would give their best in the remaining two matches and see what happens.\"It's difficult for us now to qualify for the semifinals but nothing comes easy. We have to learn our mistakes and apply ourselves and come up with some big scores,\" said Dhoni.Lions captain Alviro Petersen heaped praise on his batsmen, especially Gulam Bodi who struck a 46-ball 64, for the win.\"Halfway through the game I thought we gave 15 runs too many. The batsmen stayed calm. Bodi played exceptionally well with McKenzie and the two young men finished it for us. It was a case of getting to the last three overs. Guys at the end showed some mettle and steel,\" he said.\"Generally 10-15 overs is a sort of dead period, you tend to knock it around, but Gulam never allowed the rate to go beyond 10-11 runs an over.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16845359", "title": "HC stays auction of Sai Baba offerings", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday granted an interim stay on the decision by the Shri Saibaba Sansthan which manages the Saibaba temple at Shirdi to auction gold, silver and diamond articles it had received as offerings from devotees.As per the sansthan's plans, the bid for the offerings was to open on October 18, and was to be conducted in three phases. The total value of the articles was over Rs 5 crore. The first stage would have seen the auction of 22 kg of silver articles, including crowns, coins, glasses and garlands.The second stage on November 1 would have seen the auctioning of 32 gold articles weighing around 8 kg that included crowns, garlands, rudraksha garlands, necklaces and bangles. The third stage was the auction of 52 articles such as yellow sapphire, blue sapphire and diamond stones, including a locket studded with two big diamonds, valued at Rs 1.17 crore.According to the petition filed by local residents Rajendra Gondkar and Sandeep Kulkarni, the new HC-appointed managing committee of the Sansthan had not obtained permission from the court to hold the auction. The HC had dissolved the government appointed committee for violation of rules and had appointed district judge Jayant Kulkarni, collector Sanjay Kumar and Sansthan's executive officer Kishore More to the new committee.The petitioners claimed that the articles offered by the devotees were out of faith and should not be auctioned. Instead, they should be kept in a museum. tnn &amp; Agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16845469", "title": "World joins Amdavadi whirl", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Laura Ho had played 'Pankhida re...' over 50 times in her head since Sunday, before she could venture out on the garba ground on Tuesday. Her partner for raas, Jade Lam, is also looking forward to wearing 'kediyu' for Navratri during his maiden visit to Gujarat.Both Ho and Lam are students of Guangzhou University, who have arrived in Ahmedabad with their batchmates to perform garba during Navratri. The students of the university will perform with local garba enthusiasts during the nine nights of revelry in Ahmedabad.To begin with, the students performed at an event near Jivraj Park on the first day of garba on Tuesday. \"I liked the graceful steps and had fun during my practice sessions. I am sure there will be more to learn during the actual garba. We may make some mistakes, but then we will get to learn and improve with e a c h day, \" s a i d Ho. I n d i a China Economic &amp; Cultural Council (ICEC)-Gujarat chapter, which is coordinating the garba for these Chinese students, arranged for their traditional attire. More students are expected to join in the celebration over the weekend. The students will celebrate Navratri at different locations in Ahmedabad each day. \"It was difficult to catch and remember the steps initially.The Chinese also have a similar dance form, performed by people residing in interior China. Besides garba, I would like to explore the food in Gujarat, which is famous for offering a great variety during festivals,\" said Lam.The initiative is an attempt to bridge the gap between India and China and promote stronger business ties between the two countries through culture. Once Navratri is over, it will be the turn of the Chinese to teach Gujaratis some traditional Chinese dances, to be performed by Gujaratis along with the Chinese during Vibrant Gujarat summit in January 2013. \"The students are quite enthusiastic to understand the reason of Navratri celebrations in Gujarat in terms of its origin, history and what keeps the youngsters of Gujarat glued to it. In China, it is a challenge to keep the youth glued to the Chinese traditions,\" said Lam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16843235", "title": "CBI probe into Loktak cleanup scam sought", "text": "IMPHAL: Taking serious note of the reported awarding of Rs 224 crore for cleaning the Loktak Lake to a lesser known firm 'K Pro Infra Works Pvt Ltd' after breaching the standing norms, hordes of civil bodies of the state have categorically demanded a CBI probe into it. Reports said the firm was registered in June 2009 and was being run from a residential flat in the national capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16844245", "title": "Police foil bank robbery in Surajpur, 1 held", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A bank heist in Surajpur area of Greater Noida by suspected armed robbers was foiled on Tuesday late evening by Gautam Budh Nagar police. The bank robbers held four staff and a security guard hostage before the cops arrived and managed to foil the attempt. Police nabbed one of the suspects, while others managed to escape leaving behind the booty.The incident occurred when the armed robbers tried to hold up a branch of a leading private bank in Surajpur around 7.45pm on Tuesday. The criminals roughed up the security guard and after snatching his gun entered the bank premises and held the staff inside hostage. \"We were involved in the final closure of the bank for the day. Suddenly some armed men entered and threatened us with dire consequences if we resisted,\" said Narayan, bank cashier. \"We were then asked to hand over the cash after which the robbers ran out,\" he added.\"When the robbers were leaving with Rs 9.75 lakh in cash, the security guard again tried to stop them. The criminals then opened fire on him,\" said JL Tripathi, ADG (NCR).In the ensuing commotion, someone called up '100' and the police control room alerted a local PCR van in the vicinity. \"The PCR reached the spot within minutes and called for backup. The suspects were cornered and asked to surrender. But when they started shooting, the police teams had no option but to fire in return,\" Tripathi said.The gun battle lasted several minutes after which some criminals managed to escape while one was nabbed. \"The arrested robber is being interrogated, but has not yet been identified,\" Tripathi said.Preliminary probe has revealed that the accused kept a close tab on the bank and had done a recce of daily operations. An insider role is also being examined, cops said.The armed robbers tried to hold up a branch of a leading private bank in Surajpur around 7.45pm on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16845008", "title": "These judokas are all about girl power", "text": "LUDHIANA: \"Don't mess with us girls, or you may be in big trouble!\" This is the message, these young judokas from Ludhiana are set to spread.The energetic bunch from Guru Nanak Girls College has created a new record for their institute with a haul of eight medals, six of them gold, in the recently held inter-college judo tournament in Chandigarh. Not surprisingly, the victory has given a further boost to their confidence.\"I no longer feel scared at the sight of unruly boys passing obscene remarks or abusing a girl in a bus or at a crowded place. Rather, it's they who should look for cover. Boys don't mess with us, as they know that we are judo players. And even if someone dares to, we know how to handle them,\" says 18 year-old Manisha Sharma, who won two gold medals in different categories.Manisha, a BA-II student of Guru Nanak Girls College, draws inspiration from her aunt, a former international judo player who is a police inspector now.In fact, Manisha is not alone while aspiring to pursue various career options.\"I have been training for over eight years. One of my teachers encouraged me to take it up. Judo has given me a lot of confidence and helped me in remain focused while preparing for my civil services exam,\" says Suman, an MA-I student.No wonder an increasing number of young girls are coming forward to learn the martial arts form.Bavleen, a Class VIII student of Bhartiya Vidya Mandir School, Dugri, is one of the youngest students at the centre. She has won her first gold medal at inter-school state tourney at Guru Nanak Dev Stadium and wants to make it big in the international arena.Praveen Thakur, one of the judo coaches at the centre, said, \"I can notice a sea change in their personality ever since these girls started training. There is an immense growth in their confidence,\" he said.Thakur recalls a number of instances in which young girls confronted unsocial elements and taught them a lesson, winning applause from passersby.\"A youth once started physically abusing one of my students. She was quick to throw him on ground and apply a choke lock, a technique used to pacify the opponent). Later, we called the police and the girl handed over the youth to cops, who were all praise for her,\" said Thakur.He mentions that judo should not be seen as just a sport but a way of improving self-confidence and courage. Judo is a sport adapted from jujitsu (using principles of not resisting) and similar to wrestling; developed in Japan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16845247", "title": "My mom: Loving, caring, fearless", "text": "I have heard stories about Durga helping and saving her children from worldly and spiritual evils. Addressed by one and all as Maa, Durga's image always reminds me of my mother. I relate Durga's expression of cool determination mingled with a smile of satisfaction with that often seen on the joyful countenance of my loving mother. From her beautiful attire to the attributes where Durga is not only a loving and caring mother but also a fearless destroyer of all evils, everything has great resemblance to my mother.- Dr Jaya Rashmi Sahay, PatnaDurga in my life is my mother. She is an epitome of strength, intelligence, patience, perseverance, beauty and above all love. She juggles her responsibilities of work and home with expertise. Like Maa Aadishakti, she fights the Mahishasuras and Raktabeejas of our lives, eliminating our sufferings. During 'visarjan', I meet people grieving over the departure of Maa Durga as if the light has gone out of their lives. It hasn't, for me.- Tuhina 204, Rajhans Apt, Baldeo Path, Punaichak, PatnaA housewife has to face many challenges - concerning husband, children, domestic helps, family traditions and festive and other special occasions. It has been a tough task for me too. But my daughter, from very young age, always motivated me and made me feel intrepid and confident. Domestic responsibilities became a pleasure for me. Today I am a satisfied grandma of five worthy grandchildren. I owe all this to my 'beti'. She indeed is the Durga in my life.- Shakuntala Prasad,prasad.shakun@gmail.comI see Durga in one person. She is powerful and utilizes her power to eliminate the sufferings of others without caring for her own interests unlike the political leaders who are turning filthy richer while the common man suffers. That powerful person is my mother Phool Devi; she is the Durga in my life who fought a war against many monsters to protect me from their evil effects and eliminated all my sufferings.- Krishna Kant Jha,kkdbg2003@yahoo.co.inMaa Durga is the goddess of victory of good over evil. Maa Durga has a loving and caring image. So I feel the Durga in my life is none other than my mother. At times she and I differ on certain issues. It is because she knows what is bad and what is good as she is more experienced than me. She is always ready to show me the path to get the best things of life. And her love is as pure as the love which Maa Durga has for her children.- Sridisha Ganguly,", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16845746", "title": "Political rivals join hands for 'maha aarti'", "text": "RAJKOT: Top politicians cutting across party lines joined lakhs of Leuva Patel community members from across the state who converged at Khodal Dham temple in Kagvad village of Virpur on Tuesday for the 'maha aarti' on the first day of Navratri.However, the community's most senior leader and former chief minister Keshubhai Patel was conspicuous by his absence. Members of his Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) said Keshubhai was busy with this Parivartan Yatra. It was from Kagvad earlier this year that the BJP veteran had give a clarion call to his community \"not to tolerate injustice,\" an indirect swipe at his bete noire chief minister Narendra Modi.Those who came to Kagvad included revenue minister Anandiben Patel, minister of state for women and child development Vasuben Trivedi, minister of state for water resources Kanu Bhalala, state BJP president R C Faldu, Jetpur BJP MLA Jasumati Korat, Babra Congress MLA Bavku Undhad, former BJP MP Vallabh Kathiria, Congress MLA Raghvji Patel and Porbandar Congress MP Vitthal Radadia.President of Shree Khodal Dham Trust Naresh Patel while addressing the community said, \"We first took baby steps and now the unity among our community has strengthened.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16845871", "title": "Congress urges Centre to reduce LPG, fertilizer prices", "text": "KOLKATA: With an eye on the forthcoming panchayat polls, the state Congress on Tuesday adopted a resolution urging the Centre to reduce the price of LPG and fertilizers to bring relief to the people and farmers.The decision was taken at a WBPCC executive committee meeting that was attended by Shakeel Ahmed, the AICC general secretary in charge of West Bengal.However, many feel that the motion was spurred by the relentless pitch raised against it by both Trinamool Congress and CPM. Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya said, \"The UPA government has made some reform measures, but the Trinamool Congress and the CPM are interpreting it wrongly and misguiding the people.\"He said that they would reach out to the people and rightly explain to them the benefits of the reforms. \"We have decided to guide the people on how the economic reforms are good for the country as its benefits encompass all sections of the society,\" added Bhattacharya. The people will also be told that subsidy has not been withdrawn in all sectors as is being wrongly propagated by Trinamool and CPM,\" he said.Bhattacharya also expressed concern that politics in the state was gradually taking a communal hue with the emergence of BJP in some pockets.\"This has never happened in Bengal and its consequences could be manifold if not arrested immediately. CPM and Trinamool are unusually quiet over the development. Does it indicate any under-the-table understanding? The Congress will soon launch a campaign against it,\" he said, adding that the political agenda of both Trinamool Congress and CPM is to harm the Congress which follows its own political agenda. He also criticised Mamata Banerjee's attempt to brush aside any talks on the increasing lawlessness across the state. \"Instead, she has been making shameful statements like 'Bengal seems to appear to be a rape capital'. We urge her to deal with such matters with due seriousness,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16845497", "title": "BCCI keen to improve quality of pitches", "text": "NAGPUR: There's much to be desired as far as quality of wickets in the domestic circuit is concerned. The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI), however, looks dead serious about the issue this time. If sources are to be believed, the word 'home advantage' won't have much significance in the coming season as the BCCI wants competitive wickets for the next Ranji Trophy season.\"BCCI has included seven more members in the pitch and grounds committee, who will be visiting the Ranji venues in their respective zones. We want to make sure the wickets are competitive enough so that the quality of cricket improves. It will take time. The batsmen might struggle initially but eventually they will be benefited,\" a BCCI official told TOI on condition of anonymity.Besides Ranji venues, BCCI also wants quality venues for junior level matches. \"These 12 members will check the quality of grounds, wickets and practice facilities at venues of junior level matches. Junior cricket is the base and we want our foundation to be strong. Now, we won't allow any match on sub-standard wicket or venue. Action will be taken against those who provide poor wickets and outfield,\" said the source.The Indian batsmen struggled during the tours of England and Australia and that was the main reason of whitewash. Even prolific domestic scorers struggled during 'unofficial' Test series in the West Indies. It's an open secret that most Ranji Trophy teams prepare wickets according to their strengths, which in longer run is affecting the Indian cricket.\"Last season, 56 centuries were scored in the domestic circuit but when the Indian team toured Australia, only Virat Kohli scored one century. It definitely hurt us. We will also be communicating this to affiliated associations. This was discussed at length during the BCCI's captains and coaches conclave this summer. BCCI had urged the coaches to see the larger interest of the game in the country rather than their own team. We also requested them to not interfere in curator's work,\" he said.Another reason BCCI is keen to have competitive wickets is to help seamers avoid injuries. \"There aren't many in the domestic circuit who bowl at an express pace. However, if they don't get help from the wicket, it discourages them from bowling fast because if they push themselves hard in unhelpful conditions, they might get injured. This year all the teams are going to play. So, we also have to keep this in mind,\" he said.Over the years, Indian spinners have also struggled on grassy wickets abroad and if associations follow instructions, it will help the spinners improve their skills too. \"Graeme Swann has been a revelation for England in the last some years. He has been very successful in places like Australia, South Africa and England. Our spinners don't get to bowl on green wickets so they struggle abroad. This move will also help them. Overall, the quality of cricket will get better,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16843191", "title": "Training programme to help farmers maximize returns", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Lions Club Guwahati CARE and the Horticultural Research Station, Kahikuchi, jointly organized a training programme for the farmers of Borka village in Kamrup (rural) district in a bid to combat the diminishing net farm returns and to meet the existing technological demands.The training programme, \"Toria Seed Production Technology and Certification Protocol\", envisages building a capacity of seven hundred farmers of Bokra village.The training began on October 11 at Krishi Vigyan Kendra, Kahikuchi. Sarat Saikia, the chief scientist of Horticultural Research Station addressed the participant farmers in the inauguration session. This programme was attended by 27 farmers, along with Lions Club officials Manoj Jain and Dinesh Kejriwal and scientists of the research station.This entire programme was conceived and executed by Jayanta Kumar Kalita, a scientist of the Horticulture Research Station. This effort was initiated to combat the diminishing net farm returns and to meet the existing technological demand. The solution that the programme came up with is likely to increase production and productivity levels of small holder farming in Assam. The Assam Agricultural University developed two varieties called TS -36 and TS-38 for this purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16845377", "title": "Govt urgently needs to take measures to insulate bureaucracy from malafide political interference", "text": "Transfers of government officials because they are inconvenient to those in power are all too common in India. This is not just an irritant or inconvenience for the officer concerned and his or her family. It severely erodes the ability of the bureaucracy to discharge its constitutional duties and hence undermines the quality of governance that can be provided. Commissions and committees on administrative reforms have repeatedly made suggestions on how the bureaucracy can be insulated from malafide political interference, but predictably little has been done to implement these suggestions. Their implementation must be taken up with urgency and sincerity if governance is not to collapse altogether in the days to come.Related story:  Hooda threatens action against Ashok Khemka", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16845279", "title": "Non-bailable warrant against Lalji Mishra", "text": "INDORE: Chief Judicial Magistrate (CJM) court on Tuesday again issued a non-bailable arrest warrant against former superintendent of Indore jail Lalji Mishra, in connection with Puppu Bhagirath custodial death case that took place in 2007. After issuing the arrest warrant, court directed the MG Road police to produce Mishra before the court on November 3.Advocate Shivshankar Dashore, lawyer of complainant Gyarsi Bai (wife of deceased) said that CJM Priyadarshan Sharma has issued non-bailable arrest warrant against Lalji Mishra, currently attached with headquarter jail in Bhopal, and now MG Road police has to produce him in court on November 3. It is to be noted that earlier also court had issued a non-bailable arrest warrant against senior IPS officer Mishra, but that was not executed by MG Road police station. Taking cognizance of the matter, the court has taken it as contempt of court.Earlier, High Court had observed that there was enough evidence to suggest involvement of Mishra in custodial death of jail inmate Pappu.On March 7, 2007, Pappu, who was lodged in the Central Jail here, died under suspicious circumstances. Lalji Mishra was the then superintendent of Central Jail, Indore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16847521", "title": "Aiyyaa director did his own director\u2019s cut", "text": "What we saw in Rani Mukherji 's comeback film Aiyyaa is not what we were supposed to get, one learns from very reliable sources close to the project that director Sachin Kundalkar, revelling in his image of the National-award winner, had his way over and above the wishes the producers, and insisted on editing the film the way he wanted to.A very distressed pivotal player in the fiasco that is Aiyyaa says Kundalkar showed a very different version of the film to his producers Viacom and Rani Mukherji from what he finally edited and released in theatres on Friday.Says our source, \"It is customary and mandatory for directors to show the final cut to the producers Viacom 18. That's how the new corporotized system of filmmaking works in Bollywood. For better or for worse the director is no longer the final authority on how a film should be edited. The version of Aiyyaa that was shown Viacom 18 in the presence of the film's co-producer Anurag Kashyap and Rani Mukherji (who incidentally took extremely active in the making,production, post-production of the film) was very different...I'd say radically different from what finally went into the theatres on Friday.\"When one pressed the source to pinpoint the differences between the version screened for the producers and the version that was released the source said, \"For one, the version shown to the producers and leading lady was much shorter, close to two hours. You can't have a comedy stretching into 2 \u00bd hours. Viacom, Rani and everyone close to the project now believe that the length of the film finally did it in. The situations dragged on endlessly in the version Kunkadlar insisted on releasing without the producers' knowledge or consent.\"Apparently, repetitive scenes of Rani stalking Prithviraj were added after the producers and Rani saw the version that screened for them. The worse blow to the box-office prospects of Aiyyaa was the additional song that Kundalkar apparently inserted in the film at the last minute.Says our source, \"The climax song What to do which has been roundly condemned by critics and audiences as been interpolative , intrusive, vulgar and offensive was never meant to be in the film. It was supposed to be a promotional song featuring the film's supporting lead-pair Amey Wagh and Anita Date. How and when it became part of the film, no one knows. It comes on to break the films completely.\"Apparently Rani was horrified when she saw the directors' cut on release. Says our source, \"She was specially shocked by the inclusion of the What to do song. But she kept quiet, as the song didn't feature her. Rani and the producers have been wondering why the additional promotional song went into the film when there were three hot chartbusting item song composed by Amit Trivedi climbing up the charts. In fact the girl Anita Date who plays Rani's friend had only four scenes in the cut that was shown to the producers. When the film released she was all over.\"While Rani and Viacom 18's head honcho Vikram Malhotra understandably refrained from comment, it's clear that there is a substantial degree of bitterness and resentment among the film's core crew about the director's insistence on doing his own things, especially since the end-result has been deeply disappointing.Says a source, \" Aiyyaa is not so much a blow to the producers as it is to Rani Mukherji who poured her whole and soul into the project. Their only consolation is that Aiyyaa performed better than Ram Gopal Varma's Bhoot Returns .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16844430", "title": "Malala attack case: Minister offers $1m bounty on Taliban", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's interior minister Rehman Malik has announced a $1 million bounty on Taliban spokesman Ehsanullah Eshan, who claimed responsibility for the attack on anti-Taliban child rights activist Malala Yousafzai last week.\"All our law enforcers, intelligence agencies are hunting those involved,'' the interior minister told CNN in an interview on Monday. \"I have got some other names which I would not like to mention on record because it may damage the investigation. But let me assure my Pakistani nation and the entire world that we will get them very soon.\"He said the attack was planned in Afghanistan. \"This...assassination plan was made across the border in Afghanistan.. four people came from there (Afghanistan).'' Ehsan had claimed that two killers from Mullah Fazlullah-led militants attacked Malala on October 9. He had threatened to kill the girl's father following the failed bid on the girl's life.Malik said Fazlullah, believed to be holed up in Afghanistan's Kunar province, has been made the Pakistani Taliban chief. \"We have intelligence reports that Fazlullah was made the chief due to the inactiveness of Hakimullah Mehsud, who was appointed the top leader of the group after Baitullah Mehsud's killing in a drone strike in 2009,\" Malik said.In October 2011, Pakistan had urged the US and Afghanistan to take action against Fazlullah in response to cross-border raids in the mountainous Dir district and tribal regions of Bajaur and Mohmand. Last June, a Taliban spokesman had claimed that Fazlullah was leading attacks on Pakistan from Afghanistan's border provinces of Kunar and Nuristan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843789", "title": "Food price spikes linked to malnutrition", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rising prices have been found to be a direct contributor to malnutrition.A survey shows that around 90% of stunted children live in 36 countries, including India, which are most vulnerable to food price spikes.A new \"Cost of Diet Tool\" brought out by Save the Children says that a diet providing the recommended intake of nutrients is higher than the poorest families can afford to spend on food.Malnutrition is killing 2.3 million children every year. Globally, it has also left 170 million children stunted, impairing their mental and physical development and undermining their future potential.In the 36 high-burden countries, households on an average spend over 30% of their incomes on food, with the poorest groups often spending a much greater proportion.All but three of these countries are net food importers, and families in these nations spend high proportion of their expenditure (30%-55%) on food, with the poorest spending as much as 80% of their income on food.Families in countries with a high burden of malnutrition are more susceptible to the negative impacts of dramatic food price rises.\"Therefore, in both urban and rural areas, poor people who buy (rather than produce) their food tend to switch to cheaper, often less preferred or lower quality staples, which have a lower nutrient content, buy less food, skip meals or reduce their overall food intake, with consequent reductions in their intake of energy, protein and micronutrients, decrease their intake of fruit and vegetables, use different ingredients and cooking methods often sacrificing intake of animal source foods and vegetables and substituting them with non-nutritious spices and artificial flavouring,\" said the report.The report, \"A high Price to Pay \u2014 The Impact of Rising and Volatile Food Prices on Children's Nutrition and Food Security\" brought out by the Save the Children, added, \"They also modify the allocation of food within the household, with mothers going without food in order to maintain their children's dietary intake.\"Data from Save the Children's 2012 Child Development Index shows that the average prevalence of underweight in countries identified as 'exposed' to food price volatility is 23%. In 'highly-exposed' countries, it is even higher at 26%. This compares with an average prevalence of underweight of 10% in countries not identified as exposed to food price spikes. The sharp increase in food prices in 2008 is estimated to have pushed an additional 105 million people below the poverty line. And in February, 2011, when food prices again reached their 2008 peak, another 48 million people fell below the poverty line. Save the Children estimates that this put the lives of 400,000 children at risk.The new norm of high and volatile food prices is having the greatest impact in those countries that already have high levels of malnutrition, says the report.\"The most immediate are dietary intake and exposure to disease. Good nutrition means more than simply getting enough food. Families must be able to grow or buy food containing all the energy and nutrients they need. Rising and volatile global food prices are pushing nutritious foods out of the reach of poor people. The resultant increase in malnutrition will have long-term effects on children,\" it added.The outlook, according to the report, is not good. It says that in July, the Food and Agriculture Organization's food price index, which measures the price of food traded on international markets, jumped 6% after three months of decline.The World Bank's food price index soared 10% in the same month, with maize and wheat prices increasing by 25% each.\"Nutritious foods such as pulses, vegetables and meat cost more than staples that meet average energy needs, and are too expensive for many of the poorest families, even before food prices rise,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16845142", "title": "Deleted call records of 7/11 accused: ATS", "text": "MUMBAI: The state Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) on Tuesday informed the Bombay high court that call detail records (CDR) of 13 accused facing trial in the 2006 Mumbai serial train blasts case were deleted. Advocate general Darius Khambata said that the CDRs were \"unavailable\" and the ATS would file an affidavit to that effect. Hearing petitions filed by the alleged SIMI activists who have been named as accused in the blasts case, Justice Abhay Thipsay has given the ATS time till October 22 to file the affidavit. \"Since in the chargesheet, the ATS was not relying on the CDRs, it was deleted as per procedures,\" Khambatta told the court.The defence, however, questioned the motives for the \"destruction of evidence\". \"In the remand applications, while seeking custody of the accused, the ATS had claimed that they were probing the call records since it contained proof that they were in touch with the Lashkar-e-Taiba in Pakistan,\" said advocate Yug Chaudhry, counsel for the accused. \"If they really had that kind of proof to connect the accused to the LeT, would they have deleted those records?\" asked the advocate, who pointed out that the accused had filed around six-seven applications seeking the CDRs, but each time the ATS refused saying they were not required to give it. The defence has claimed that the CDRs would prove that the accused were not at the blast sites at the relevant time.\"Prima facie the court feels that the defence should be allowed to question the staff of the telecom companies,\" said Justice Thipsay. Khambatta told the court that the ATS had no objection to the telecom staff being recalled as witnesses. The AG also said that the police officer of the data analysis centre would file an affidavit.The accused have sought the CDRs between 2005 and 2006. ATS chief had earlier informed the MCOCA court on July 25, 2012, that since he was not with the ATS in 2006, if at all CDRs were available, they would be with the then investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16844486", "title": "Fidel Castro hired ex-Nazis to train troops: Secret files", "text": "NEW YORK: Fidel Castro recruited former Nazis to train Cuban troops at the height of the Cold War, according to newly released German secret service files.Castro, the then Communist President of Cuba , also bought 4,000 Belgian-fabricated arms from two middle-men who had strong links to the extreme German right. It sheds light on the extent Castro, who in public was stringently committed to socialism, was willing to go in order to further his grip on the nation and prevent an invasion from the US.The documents, released by German foreign intelligence agency Bundesnachrichtendienst BND show plans developed in October 1962, at the height of the Cuban Missile Crisis. They reveal that two of the four former Nazi SS officers invited to La Havana had taken up the offer, and that they would receive 'substantial wages', the New York Daily News said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16847668", "title": "People flock to Mysore to watch re-enactment of Royal Dasara", "text": "MYSORE: It is not an exaggeration to claim that one should come to Mysore during Dasara to witness the re-enactment of Royal court ( durbar) with all it's grandeur and splendor of yesteryears. No where in India the people can come across and witness such an event which reminds the people of a great tradition and culture.As the Vijayanagara emperors used the religious festival of Durga Puja to proclaim their sovereignty and power, the kings and royals who were inheritors of the empire needed a similar festival or occasion to exhibit their own power to their people. This was the reason they adopted Mahanavami festival and made all attempts to imitate the splendor of their imperial ancestors.In post independent India, it was Jayachamarajendra Wadiyar continued to celebrate navarathri and Vijay dashmi in all its traditional glory braving all historical, cultural and social upheavals .This tradition continued even after 1970, when then Indira Gandhi government at the centre abolished privy purses and derecognized the rulers with the public celebration of an ancient and culturally significant event coming to end.Though navarathri and Vijay Dashmi festival no longer remained a public event,the traditional celebrations of the ancient rulers continued as a private event of the royal family which is privy to only their relatives and friends. However, the scion of Mysore royal family Srikanta Datta Narasimha Raja Wadiyar has continued with the tradition without making it to lose the essence, devotion and impressions of the royal festival .Event which came to be called as \"kasagi\"( private) durbar with it losing it's public tag has all the ingredients and elements of the age old royal and religious festival with all rituals, customs and royal traditions being followed scrupulously .In the recent past the event has become a hit among the tourists and the local people who have their own sentimental attachment towards the royal family. \" It is a fact that people like to witness the kasagi durbar where the scion ascends the golden throne with all the royal regalia and splendor in place. Event not only reminds the people of the royal traditions and culture, it has its own impact on their mind\" says Anantha Raje Urs a relative of Wadiyar family disclosing how the people scramble for the passes to witness the private durbar . He said on occasions the royal family is unable to accommodate pass seekers as it is held in Amba Vilas pavilion the capacity of which is limited.According to G Jayakumar, a friend of Wadiyar's family the peoples love for royal family and it's grandeur is turning the event into a most sought after occasion for the people, particularly the new generation which want to witness the royal traditions live. \" No where people get such an event to witness and celebrate\" he added , regretting government's failure to encourage and market this event to attract tourists.For the first time, the Dasara committee has made arrangements to facilitate the people to witness the kasagi durbar on large television screens erected outside the palace. Even the palace authorities have permitted the private television channels to telecast the event on all nine days of the festival beginning from Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843301", "title": "Gun-toting MP Vitthal Radadiya seeks probe into toll plaza management", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress MP from Porbandar Vitthal Radadiya, under attack from all quarters for threatening toll booth operators with a gun, now wants \"investigation\" into toll plaza management by private companies. He also wants all such employees to be \"trained\" on how to behave with elected representatives.In a letter to party president Sonia Gandhi, Radadiya claimed that the entire CCTV footage of the episode was not produced before police and media to show what forced him to take out the gun that he kept for his \"personal safety\".The Lok Sabha MP told TOI that he wrote to the Congress chief since there were many such instances of toll plaza employees ill-treating MPs and other people who are exempted from paying toll. \"In most cases, toll plazas are managed by ignorant and less educated people, who can't even read English and the identity cards. Main operators are subletting these facilities on commission basis and also deploy bouncers to harass commuters. That's why I have requested investigation into operation of all toll plazas across the country,\" he said.Radadiya said he had also sent copies of his letter to highways minister C P Joshi and his deputy Tushar Chaudhry since these issues were dealt by the surface transport ministry.Asked whether his letter to Sonia was aimed at silencing his critics within the state Congress unit, the MP said, \"Since many MPs might have faced such a situation where toll plaza employees either misbehaved or argued with them, she should also be apprised of the problem. We are not taking any undue benefit since MPs are entitled to free passage through all NHAI toll plazas.\"Recalling the episode at a toll booth near Karjan in Vadodara district, Radadiya claimed that he was sleeping in his car when it reached the plaza. His driver went to the toll gate and even showed the MP's identity card. But the staff did not accept this.\"Finally, when I came out, their security personnel asked me to go with them inside where they would show me whether I was the 'PM'. Unfortunately, this conversation is not recorded by the CCTV. I took out the gun only for my security and did not use it. Will I fight with a man at a toll booth and that too without any reason,\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16846170", "title": "Merge with Karnataka State Law University, VC tells varsities", "text": "HUBLI: Karnataka State Law University (KSLU) vice-chancellor JS Patel has put the record straight on the issue of Hubli Navanagar-based University in not recognizing LLM degrees awarded by law departments of four state universities - Bangalore, Karnatak, Mysore and Gulbarga. Taking recourse to Bar Council of India directive in this regard, he has urged these universities to merge their law departments with the KSLU forthwith.In a telephonic interview with TOI from Hubli, Patel said the university formed by an act or legislation of the state legislature is legally bound to follow the rules contained therein.Otherwise, any act of theirs will be breach of privilege of the state legislature and law departments of universities should not do so, he added.Allaying fears that the circular could affect students pursuing their UG programmes, Patel said KSLU does not have jurisdiction over them. This is an issue for the Bar Council of India to decide, he said. Non-adherence to KSLU Act, Patel said, could result regular universities starting professional colleges affiliated to them negating the existence of universities such as the VTU, RGUHS, KVAFSU, which are set up to regulate these courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16845604", "title": "EC must devise ways to draw out women voters", "text": "It does no credit to Gujarat that the percentage turnout of women voters on polling day has always been far lower than men. This is a poor indicator of their empowerment in a supposedly progressive state. In 2010, even Bihar reported a higher turnout of women than men. The Election Commission, which has been galvanizing first-time voters, must devise ways to draw out women and ensure their equal participation in the democratic process.Related Story  :  Fairer sex, unfair numbers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16845320", "title": "Piety marks 'Sharadiya Navaratra'", "text": "PATNA: Amid the blowing of conch shells and chanting of 'aum sarvamangala mangalye shive sarvarthasadhike', community puja centres and households commenced their annual nine-day obeisance to the Goddess of Shakti, Durga, known as 'Sharadiya Navaratra', on Tuesday, the pratipada of Shuklapaksh of the Hindi month of Ashwin.Doing 'Kalash Sthapana' between 6.32 and 9.20am (abhijeet muhurt) in the hasta nakshatra with the navagraha puja, the devout prayed for blessings to the nine forms (navarupa) of Goddess Durga - Shailputri, Brahmacharaini, Chandraghanta, Kushmanda, Skanda Mata, Katyayani, Kalratri, Maha Gauri and Siddhidatri - in that order for each of the nine days to herald the coming of the Divine Mother to her 'Pihar', the Himalayas, from Kailash with her four children - Lakshmi, Saraswati, Ganesh and Kartikeya.The primeval force is worshipped in the form of nine plants (navapatrika) wrapped in a red sari. This is placed on an earthen pot, which is known as 'Kalash Sthapana', before commencing the 'path' of Durga Saptasati. Some devotees especially read the 'Sundarkand' as it is believed that Lord Ram killed Ravana on the conjunction of mahashtami and mahanavami - the Sandhikshan - and cremated on Vijaya Dashmi.Patna holds a special place, next only to Kolkata, in celebrating 'Sharadiya Navaratra'.The traditional Baroyari (community) puja pandals like Badi Devi at Maroofganj, Chhoti Devi at Maharajganj, R-Block and PWD Colony have been celebrating Durga Puja for over a century. Some other famous Baroyari puja pandals are Tarun Sangh on Boring Road, Yarpur Kali Bari, Adalatganj, Bengali Akhara, Ram Krishna Mission Ashram, Sri Sri Badi Patandevi and Sri Sri Chhoti Patandevi at Hajiganj, both in the Patna City area. The president of Bengali Akhara, Pravin Gupta, says the puja held at Langartoli Akhara is the oldest. \"It turned 120 years old this year and we are definitely the oldest among other Bengali Puja Samitis in Patna.\"Durgotsab was associated with the zamindars of Bengal since 1606, rather than being a traditional household puja. It took on the shape of community puja in 1761 when12 friends (baro yari) of Guptipara formed a committee and took contributions for arranging a community puja. Tradition has it that of the four times that Hindus invoke the Goddess in a year, Basanti Navaratra was the most in vogue. It was only when Lord Ram sought her benediction for rescuing Sita that he invoked Durga for strength and victory of good over evil. This 'Akal Bodhan', or untimely invocation, later acquired ascendancy as the 'Sharadiya Navaratra'. During Navaratra the devout pay obeisance to the 10-armed goddess. She kills a demon on each day of navaratra with Mahishasura being slain on Vijaya Dashmi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16844120", "title": "Workers line up 'gate meeting', lunch boycott", "text": "GURGAON: The Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU) has asked workers in Gurgaon and Manesar to organize a 'lunch boycott' at their respective units, in protest at the mass sackings conducted at Maruti's Manesar plant after the July episode of violence and arson there. The union members have urged workers in all factories operating in this belt to give up on their afternoon and evening meals on October 19.A gate meeting for all workers has also been scheduled for October 17. \"All of Gurgaon's unions have been asked to organize worker meetings at the company's gates this Wednesday. Our old demands will be repeated here, and we will make sure more workers are made aware of this,\" said Satbir Singh, district president, CITU.Ever since the Maruti crisis began in July this year, Gurgaon's trade union bodies have been an agitated lot. And their demands have been more or less centred on the Maruti issue along with what they call an 'illegal lockout' at a Gurgaon based manufacturing plant called Eastern Medikit.\"In the Maruti case, we want that the company take back the workers who were sacked without being given a fair hearing, and we want an independent probe in the matter. With the Eastern Medikit issue too our demand is justice for so many of those who lost their jobs,\" said Singh. Previously, memos have been written to the chief minister and to administrative officers in Gurgaon listing the same concerns, but an official response is still pending.\"On October 19, we want the workers to work at their units, but they should refuse to have any food at the plant, as an expression of protest against such management practices,\" said a CITU representative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16844944", "title": "Rare photos to bring alive an era gone by", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University's foundation day celebrations will witness some of the rarest pictures related to its past being displayed on the campus. University officials are busy collecting and compiling these rare photos related to Punjab University, Lahore and PU, Chandigarh, for a huge 'gallery,' at the PU law auditorium, to be dedicated to the university's 130 years, 65 in Lahore and 65 in Chandigarh on October 20.An era which the current generations of students know little about will come alive at the 'gallery', say PU faculty members. Showcasing some precious moments related to the university and its establishment in Chandigarh, these pictures will include those of visits of India's President and Prime Minister to the campus in the 1960s and 1970s, a rare note by Prithiraj Kapoor for PU, a photo of PU's original master plan by Pierre Jeanerette, the place where the first senate meeting took place besides many more such rare photos.\"The compilation of pictures would even include those, which have been procured from the US Club, Shimla and a centre at Hoshiarpur, where the PU campus was initially shifted after India's partition. It was an uphill task to compile this treasure,\" says a PU faculty member.Several old pictures have been included by authors in their books related to PU. This collection of photographs would include those on the visits of eminent people in Indian history to the campus including Jawaharlal Nehru. It would also have photos of India's former President Rajendra Prasad's visit to PU for its third convocation in 1951, Dr S Radhakrishanan's for a PU event, besides Sardar Patel's visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16845493", "title": "Consensus in Vilappilsala, hartal off", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The residents of Vilappilsala inched closer towards a victory on Tuesday after the leaders of samyukta samara samithi reached a consensus with the state government. In a meeting he had with samithi leaders, urban affairs minister Manjalamkuzhy Ali told them that the government will file an affidavit in the high court saying that the garbage factory needed to be shut down permanently.The government also handed a copy of the minutes of the meeting to the samithi members. \"We have also been told that the government will request the court to take up the case before November 19. By that time, the affidavit would be filed and the government will be able to issue a formal order declaring the permanent closure of the garbage treatment plant,\" said C S Anil, convenor, samyukta samara samithi.The leaders also said the government will also take the machinery for leachate treatment plant out of the factory. In a secret move, the government had transported the machinery to the factory on Saturday night. Following a consensus with the government, the samyukta samara samithi called off the indefinite hartal launched in the panchayat.Schools, shops, government and non-government institutions that had been shut down for the last two days will be re-opened on Wednesday. However, the samithi will continue a satyagraha in the panchayat till a government order is issued to shut down the factory.Meanwhile, the urban affairs minister will convene a meeting of environmentalists to discuss the feasibility of processing waste in abandoned rock quarries. Earlier, the government had withdrawn from the move to convert quarries into waste processing sites owing to protests at Vellar and Kalladichamvila. \"The government will go ahead with the quarry project. It will be implemented with the support of locals. As of now, the government has no other option,\" Manjalamkuzhy Ali said.\"The project to set up a waste plant at Chalai has also been deferred. If the work on the scheme has to commence, the heaps of garbage are to be removed and quarries are the only option,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16844850", "title": "11th time proves unlucky for 60-yr-old serial groom", "text": "MUMBAI: A 60-year-old man, who married 10 women only to later flee with their ornaments and money, landed behind bars when he tried to get hitched for the 11th time.The accused, Baroda resident Vipin Chandrakant Karkhanis alias Ketan alias Milind Vaidya, has been on the police's wanted list since 2009. He was arrested by the JJ Marg police when he uploaded his photograph and profile on a marriage portal to marry for the 11th time.Karkhanis has been sent to police custody till October 19.The complainant against Karkhanis was lodged by Sushma (43) in 2009. Sushma had met him after she registered herself with a marriage bureau in Dadar in 2005. On May 8, 2007, the two got married and Karkhanis took a flat on rent in Kharghar where the couple stayed for six months. \"Later, Karkhanis said he was going to Lucknow to set up a business there and asked me to stay at my mother's house. He returned after sometime and asked me to give him Rs 50,000 and more than six tolas of gold. Once I gave him the gold and the cash, he left and never returned,\" Sushma said in her complaint.The marriage bureau had received complaints about Karkhanis and had informed its representatives to lookout for him. \"As soon as Karkhanis uploaded his profile, the marriage bureau alerted the police,\" said an officer. \"Karkhanis was pretending to be a gutka businessman. We posed as gutka distributors and contacted him. He was caught in Gujarat when he came to take delivery of gutka,\" said the officer.Karkhanis has reportedly told the police, \"I got married when I was 23. I caught my wife cheating and parted ways with her. After that, I married many women and did not stay with them for more than six months.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16843099", "title": "\u2018Sarannavaratri\u2019 celebrations begin at Kanakadurga temple", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The Dasara Sarannavaratri celebrations have begun atop Indrakeeladri amidst chanting of Vedic hymns here on Tuesday. A large number of devotees turned out at the break of the dawn, waiting in the darshan queues .Temple priests performed the holy bath to the deity before launching the festivities. The processional deity was brought to Bhavani deeksha mandapam to mark the beginning of the special pujas of Dasara. Kanakadurga donned Sri Balatripura Sundari avatar as thousands of devotees thronged to have a darshan of the goddess.A massive crowd of pilgrims had a holy dip in the bathing ghats before joining the queue lines. Temple executive officer N Raghunath offered the first puja to the goddess and later city police commissioner N Madhusudan Reddy, MLAs V Srinivas, Malladi Vishnu, Devineni Umamaheswara Rao were among other VIPs who visited the temple to offer prayers in the first hour. The festivities would continue for nine days till Dasara on October 24. The temple EO said the pilgrims would be allowed for darshan till 11 pm and the temple would be opened at 3 am from Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16844242", "title": "Punjab Police hunt for SP leader for getting gun on fake licence", "text": "NOIDA: Punjab police has filed an FIR against Samajwadi Party's district president in Gautam Budh Nagar, Sube Yadav, for acquiring a weapon licence on forged documents. The FIR was registered with Shambhu police station in Patiala after officers of Punjab Police unearthed a scam in which more than 50 fake weapon licences were issued to Delhi and Noida residents on the basis of Punjab addresses.Several teams of Patiala police are at present conducting raids in the Delhi-NCR region to nab the accused. The Punjab Police have so far managed to recover 24 fake licences from Delhi and Noida.Manjeet Singh, SHO of Shambhu police station, said, \"Sube Yadav came into contact with a gun shop owner who helped him get the weapon licence. We have arrested the owner of Arora gun shop and are on the lookout for other accused in the scam.\"The police officer said that Yadav fled after he came to know of the gun shop owner, Gaurav Arora's arrest and before the Punjab Police team reached Noida. \"More people will soon land in the police net. Our teams are raiding Delhi-NCR and western Uttar Pradesh to nab Sube,\" Singh said.The police have registered a case against Sube under Sections 419 (cheating by impersonation), 420 (cheating and dishonestly inducing delivery of property), 467 (forgery of valuable security, will, etc), 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating), 471 (using as genuine a forged document or electronic record) and 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC.TOI managed to track Sube Yadav late in the evening. He said, \"It is a well-planned conspiracy hatched by my party members in association with the opposition against me. I am innocent. Some people from my party wanted to take my position as district president, but when they failed they hatched this plan.\"Police said Arora used to help people get weapon licences if they purchased a gun from his shop. Cops said that Arora was running this illicit business for the last 10 years and had made several weapon licences on the basis of fake documents.Cops said Yadav fled after he came to know of the gun shop owner's arrest and before Punjab Police team reached Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "pau", "code": "16844970", "title": "Grand party as PAU turns 50 today", "text": "PAU: Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) will celebrate its golden jubilee with a bang on Wednesday. The university that played a key role in ushering in the green revolution will release a special postal cover and throw open a bhawan for farmers.PAU additional director communication, Centre For Communication and International Linkages, H S Sehgal said, \"The postal cover, which will be released by the Indian post department, will commemorate the varsity's 50-year journey. The left of the cover will show farmers taking improved seeds. For these, PAU will also issue stamps that will carry the insignia of the golden jubilee celebration.\"\"There will be a special counter for the sale of the postal covers. Besides, these will be sent to all national museums of philately in the country,\" he added.Deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal will inaugurate the bhawan, which will be named after Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal. It will address all problems of the state farmers and meet all their requirements, from providing farm literature to testing soil, water and diagnosing various crop diseases.An advanced communication centre for making special broadcasts, telecasts and releases for print and electronic media will be a part of the bhawan. All 35 departments will display their achievements, which will include technologies developed by experts, in a special exhibition.The PAU celebration will see deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal as the chief guest of the function and deputy director general (education), Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), Dr Arvind Kumar as the guest of honour. Eminent speakers will include R B Singh, president of National Academy of Agricultural Sciences (NAAS); S L Mehta, former VC of Maharana Pratap University of Agriculture and Technology, Udaipur; C D Mayee, former deputy director general (education), ICAR, and former chairman of Agricultural Scientists Recruitment Board; and G S Kalkat, chairman of Punjab State Farmers' Commission and former PAU VC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16842684", "title": "Telangana protesters fail to draw PM\u2019s attention", "text": "HYDERABAD: Stray incidents of protests including the release of black balloons by Telangana supporters marked the three-hour visit of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to the city on Tuesday. The unprecedented security cover and traffic curbs ensured that the roads were virtually empty throughout the day. The supporters of Telangana had decided on staging protests against what they called the negative stance of the UPA government on the separate state demand.Leaders of the Telangana Political Joint Action Committee (T-JAC), legislators of Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS), pro- Telangana leaders of Congress, BJP, and CPI and Telangana Nagara Samithi chief Nagam Janardhan Reddy staged a sit-in at Indira Park. Later, when they tried to take out a march to Begumpet airport to meet the PM on his arrival, the police took them into custody and shifted them to Gandhi Nagar police station.\"We staged a peaceful protest and we wanted to meet the PM to convince him that the Telangana issue had nothing to do with Naxalism as was being said by Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde. But the police arrested us. This shows the autocratic attitude of the state government,\" Nagam said.Earlier, Telangana Mala Mahanadu leader Dayakar was arrested from Begumpet airport much before the arrival of the PM when he tried to stage a dharna. At Arts College, Osmania University students JAC released black balloons around noon in protest against the 'anti-Telangana' PM's visit.A similar attempt by few other Telangana supporters on Necklace Road was thwarted by the police on the grounds that they defied ban orders and made an attempt to gate crash into Minister Road that leads to Begumpet airport.The Telangana Lawyers' JAC attempted to lay siege to Gandhi Bhavan, party office of Congress, and burnt an effigy of the PM before they were arrested.Condemning the high-handedness of the government, M Kodandaram, chairman of TJAC, said the attitude called for a massive agitation aiming at realization of Telangana. \"We will launch the agitation after consulting all the stakeholders. For now, it is decided to observe the state Formation Day on November 1 as 'Rebel Day' (Vidrohi Dinam).\"In other protests, Telugu Desam Party (TDP) legislators were arrested when they set out to meet the Prime Minister from the party office NTR Bhavan. The TDP leaders said they wanted to meet the PM to call his attention to various issues as they were denied an appointment when they wanted to call on him in Delhi on October 5.\"There are many burning issues in the state. We wanted to discuss them with the PM. We had been denied appointment earlier this month. When we wanted to meet today when he is in the city, we were arrested. We condemn this anti-democratic attitude,\" TDP senior leader Muddu Krishnamanaidu said. The TDP legislators were taken to Banjara Hills police station and released later.Meanwhile, Madhapur bore the brunt of the PM's visit. While most schools had declared a holiday or closed early, employees of many IT firms found themselves stranded in view of the lock down between 2.45 pm and 5 pm on Tuesday. Employees of Google complained that though they were free by 4 pm, they were forced to stay put in the office for more than an hour in view of the security and traffic restrictions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16846372", "title": "MAMI to fight film piracy", "text": "In a first for any film festival in the country, the Mumbai Film Festival to be held from Oct 18 to 25 has joined forces with former Anti Terrorist Squad (ATS) Chief AA Khan to fight this menaceIn a first for any film festival in the country, the Mumbai Film Festival (Oct 18-25) has joined forces with former Anti Terrorist Squad (ATS) Chief AA Khan to fight the bane of film piracy. The move is aimed at protecting the interests of film production companies, independent producers, film distributors and cinema operators participating in the festival.India has the dubious reputation of being one of the most thriving markets for film piracy, particularly the variety carried out through camcorders. Khan's organisation called AA Khan and Associates actively works against film piracy in the country.Says Khan, \"The menace of piracy is growing and it is up to all of us to eradicate this problem that affects the social and economical ethos of the country and the world,\"The festival will also see the premiere of the Bond documentary titled Everything or Nothing: The Untold Story of 007 directed by Stevan Riley of Fire in Babylon fame, along with exclusive footage from the much anticipated Bond movie Skyfall. So far, the Bond documentary has only been released in the UK.In a tribute to the late Rajesh Khanna , a special segment of the festival will be dedicated to the 'First superstar of Hindi cinema'. Among the movies showcased in this section will be the 1969 Shakti Samantha film, Aradhana starring Khanna and Sharmila Tagore .The Mumbai Film Festival willalsopayhomagetotheother two veteran actors that the film industry lost earlier this year: Dara Singh and AK Hangal. Singh's Samson and Hangal's Dattak will be screened at the fest. The Mumbai Film Festival is organised by Mumbai Academy of Moving Image (MAMI).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16844116", "title": "Lack of coordination among agencies keeps HC-ordered demolition pending", "text": "GURGAON: In an example highlighting the lack of coordination between various agencies in the city, the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) failed to carry out a large-scale demolition on Monday that was ordered by Punjab and Haryana high court, after the police department refused to provide the needed police protection. The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) and the deputy commissioner's office too were involved in carrying out this demolition in Nathupur.The drive had to be called off at the last minute even as the entire MCG enforcement team, including the joint commissioner, reached the demolition spot with all the required machinery.On September 17, while hearing a petition filed by a Gurgaon resident, the high court had ordered that in order to ensure preservation of the natural water body, the civic agencies in the city should clear encroachments from the seasonal rivulet in khasra numbers 821 and 771/2 located at Nathupur village and passing through DLF Phase III.The Haryana additional advocate general, B S Rana, informed the high court that the land in question comes under the MCG and HUDA. The court then ordered the deputy commissioner to prepare a demarcation report and in his report, the DC informed the court that khasra No. 821 was mentioned as Gair Mumkin Naala and belonged to HUDA, while khasra No. 771/2 was mentioned as Gair Mumkin Charagah and belonged to the MCG and has been illegally encroached upon.The court then ordered that it was the duty of the district authorities to retrieve the land by removing the encroachments. The court directed the DC to evict the people living there illegally.The MCG joint commissioner acknowledged that the drive had to be called off at the last minute since the police department refused to provide the needed assistance. \"We could not carry out the demolition since the police reinforcement was not provided to us. We are hoping that we will be able to do so on Tuesday,\" said Anju Chaudhary, MCG joint commissioner.However MCG could not carryout the demolition on Tuesday as well and now claims that it will do so on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16846322", "title": "A wheelchair with legs to climb steps, walk over ditch", "text": "LONDON: Japanese researchers have developed a robotic wheelchair with legs that can climb steps and negotiate obstacles like walking over a ditch. Engineers at the Chiba Institute of Technology in Narashino have developed the prototype of a robot wheelchair that can make a variety of movements using four-wheel drive and five axes of motion.Like any other wheelchair , it rolls along on its wheels but, if a step or ditch gets in the way, the wheels transform into legs to carry the user over, the Daily Mail reported.The user controls the device by means of a joystick and its robot brain automatically assesses the surrounding terrain and moves appropriately \u2014 even adjusting itself to keep ensure the seat remains level. Sensors on the feet of the wheelchair detect if there are any obstacles nearby, researcher professor Nakajima was quoted by the paper as telling DigInfo.tv.Using its sensors in combination it can assess the size of an obstacle and how to negotiate it. Even if the sensors fail to detect an obstacle in advance and the wheels touch it, the torque can be automatically varied as a backup.\"In this way, the robot can detect the road surface reliably . If a sensor detects a step, the robot calculates whether it can lift that leg,\" Nakajima said. As well as its ability to negotiate uneven ground, the wheelchair can also line up its wheels and extend stabilizers either side, allowing it to turn in a circle.This makes it easy to reverse even in narrow spaces. Researchers decided to stick with the wheeled design, since wheels are the most efficient way of getting around on paved surfaces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16844841", "title": "Stepped-up drive lands more ticket touts &amp; hawkers in net", "text": "MUMBAI: The Railway Protection Force's decision to form dedicated teams and to intensify its crackdown on unauthorized hawkers and ticket touts is paying off, with increasingly more of these lawbreakers getting prosecuted.In the first six months of this year, 71% more cases were lodged against illegal hawkers on Central Railway than during the same period in 2011; on Western Railway, the rise was 35%. Similarly, 46% more cases were registered against tickets touts on WR in the first half of this year than during the period last year; on CR, the increase was 14%. Several lakhs have been collected in fines.\"Hawkers plying on foot over-bridges and entrances to stations cause a major hindrance for commuters. We formed two teams to focus on operations like these. Additional forces from divisions outside Mumbai were roped in to give the local personnel a sense of competition,\" said a senior RPF official on the Western line.\"Furthermore, we wrote to the BMC for a list of over-bridges owned by them and requested that we be granted authority to crack down on hawkers on these. Letters were sent to senior BMC officials containing names and cellphone numbers of specific RPF personnel who would conduct the crackdown,\" added the RPF official.On the Central line, three local teams were formed and around 4,600 drives were initiated from January to June this year. Apart from illegal hawking, the teams kept a lookout for touts. In May this year, the RPF on CR busted a major racket in which confirmed tickets were booked under the Tatkal scheme by touts in Bihar and then courier to Mumbai by air. The touts charged a fee of Rs 1,500, which in some cases was as much as the ticket cost.\"There's a nexus between some RPF officers and hawkers. Bribes are accepted on a daily basis by these officers who in turn let the hawkers operate on a particular stretch,\" said activist Sameer Zaveri. \"Hawkers, at times, were found to have been involved in crimes such as sexual assault and pick-pocketing. Some of them double up as informants for robbers. With the constant threat perception to the railways, letting unauthorized hawkers operate is particularly dangerous since anti-social elements can pose as one and plant an explosive easily.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16844319", "title": "Southeast Asia brightest spot on holiday map", "text": "RANCHI: People of Jharkhand, particularly the youngsters, prefer spending their vacations in South and East Asian countries like Mauritius , Hong Kong and Singapore rather than visiting Darjeeling or Kashmir. Not only are some of the foreign destinations cheaper than domestic ones, they also provide a certain novelty and exoticism to the holidays.Prominent city-based tour operators said there people were queuing up to book foreign tours during puja vacations. Most have a budget of around Rs75,000 for a family of four and are mainly going to the South Asian countries. Vijay Massey, a tour operator, said youngsters prefer foreign tours as they are comparatively cheap. \"Most of my clients working in the private and public sector opt for foreign packages these days. A tour to Kashmir costs around Rs20,000-25,000 per head, which is equal to a four-day and three-night tour of Thailand,\" he said Massey.However, with rising cost of holiday package due to depreciation in the value of the rupee against the US dollar, very few people are planning to holiday in Europe, the US and Africa. Soni Mehta, another city-based tour operator who mainly organizes foreign tours, said there has been a significant decline in demand for European and African packages when compared to last year. \"People who earlier preferred to visit European countries are now booking tours for Dubai, Singapore or Hong Kong because no tour to the West will cost less than Rs1.5 lakh because of the plunging value of the Indian rupee,\" said Mehta.However, it is not that everyone is heading to foreign shores. Many people are going to different places within the country. Unlike the old time favourites like Kashmir, Darjeeling, Shimla and Jaipur, people now prefer newer hubs. Massey, who has arranged over 100 tours to various destinations this puja, confirmed that within the country the hot favourite is Kerala and Goa. \"I was planning to visit a foreign country with my family, but I had to change my plans as our passports were not ready. We are now going to Kerala for a five-day tour,\" said Rajesh Singh, an executive with a public sector company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16845335", "title": "Deemed university status for BMC medical colleges?", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic corporation is toying with the idea of seeking a deemed university status for its medical schools.The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) operates three medical colleges - namely KEM Hospital in Parel, Lokmanya Tilak Hospital in Sion and Nair Hospital in Mumbai Central - that roughly take in 400 students every year in graduate and postgraduate courses each.\"The idea has been discussed with the municipal commissioner as well as political leaders. A meeting to discuss the plan concretely will be held in the first week of November,'' said a senior civic official.Additional civic chief Manisha Mhaiskar said, \"We are planning to apply to the UGC for a deemed university status, and KEM Hospital dean, Dr Sandhya Kamat, is heading a task force to work out the details.'' There was no clarity about its fourth medical college, the Nair Dental College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16842971", "title": "Chowmahalla to enthral visitors with ghazals, mushairas at night", "text": "HYDERABAD: Taking forward its 'Palace by Night' initiative a notch higher, the Chowmahalla Palace kick-started its Aaena-e-Hyderabad festival on Tuesday. Promising a peek into the culture of Hyderabad, the four-day programme offers not just a tour of the majestic palace by night but also ghazals, qawwalis and mushairas by eminent artistes.`Palace by Night' is open to all visitors in the night. While the palace hosted a mushaira on Tuesday by poet Sardar Asar and others, on Wednesday, a qawwali programme by Ateeq Hussain Khan Bandanawazi is set to enthrall the audience. On October 18, the palace will pay floral tributes to ghazal maestro Mehdi Hassan followed by performances by Yateesh Acharya from Delhi. Acharya was a pupil of Mehdi Hassan. On the concluding day on October 19, ghazal singer Ustad Vithal Rao is set to regale the audience. G Kishan Rao, director, Chowmahalla Palace, said \"We need to showcase our culture to people who have come to the city from across the globe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16844087", "title": "Three killed as Pak troopers fire along LoC", "text": "SRINAGAR: Three civilians, including a 20-year-old woman, were killed as Pakistani troops violated ceasefire and fired rockets along the Line of Control in Jammu &amp; Kashmir's Uri Sector on Tuesday, defence spokesman Lt Col J S Brar said.The spokesman said the rockets hit some houses in Churunda village and identified the three as Mohammad Liaquat (15), Mohammad Shafiq (32) and Shaheena (20).\"Keeping the danger to the lives of other civilians in the nearby villages in view, the Indian Army chose not to escalate the situation by retaliating,\" said the spokesman. He said Pakistani troops in Uri Sector have been resorting to unprovoked firing since October 3. \"Indian troops have been exercising maximum restraint because of the ceasefire agreement in place (since 2003),\" he said. \"On both sides of the Line of Control, civilians reside in close proximity and any firing affects the local population.\"The spokesman said the Army would take up the ceasefire violation with its Pakistani counterparts over the hotline and warn them against resorting to firing on civilians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16846305", "title": "National agri group to hone in on fresh onion pockets", "text": "NASHIK: The National Horticulture Research and Development Foundation (NHRDF) is planning to focus on new areas across in the country for enhancing onion production and aims to meet 25% of onion demand through these new onion growing pockets.Presently, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh are the major onion-growing states in the country. Maharashtra contributes to around 31 % of total onion productions in the country, while Karnataka, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh contribute around 17%, 10 % and 8% respecitvely.A senior NHRDF official said, \"Onion is a weather sensitive crop. Bad weather can hamper its production. Apart from traditional onion growing areas, we are focusing on new pockets across the country. Our plan is to meet the 25% of total onion demand through these new areas.\" Some of the new territories include Bihar, Orissa and Punjab, the official added.\"In Maharashtra, we are also focusing on new locations like Aurangabad and Solapur. Maharashtra is a major onion producer in the country, but the average onion yield is less than other states. In Maharashtra, onion yield is 14.02 metric tonnes (MT) per hectare, while it is 25.48 MT per hectare in Gujrat, 17.52 MT in Madhya Pradesh, 21 MT in Bihar, 17 MT in Andhra Pradesh and 15.83 MT per hectare in Rajasthan.He added that Bihar was emerging as a new onion- growing state with its average yield being around 21 MT per hectare. \"Production could rise to 5 MT per hectare in Bihar since the quality of soil and water is good there. Bihar's climate climate is also conducive in growing the pungent root vegetable, the offical said said. We are focusing on seed quality and technology to increase yield. In Punjab, the average yield is 22.17 MT per hectare and this state is also on our radar,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16845527", "title": "Maximum security to ensure safe elections", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The coming elections in the state are likely to see maximum deployment of security personnel for elections till now.More than one thousand companies are expected to be deployed for the two-phase polling. Of these, about 700 companies are expected to arrive from outside the state. Officials involved in poll preparations disclosed that Gujarat has its own strength of about 70,000 security personnel that are a usable force. This number is over and above the personnel deployed in anti-corruption and railway protection units. In addition to this are two battalions of Rapid Action Force (RAF) and about 30,000 home guards that can also be put to use.Sources disclosed that the number of critical polling booths has also been identified. \"We are treating 40 per cent of the booths to be critical and half of these are assumed to be vulnerable. The exact figure is expected to change with the declaration of the candidates,\" said an official. The vulnerability of a booth is determined keeping in view the community profile, earlier offenses reported in the area, caste profile etc. The Election Commission is already carrying out a vulnerability-mapping exercise across the state.Chief election commissioner V S Sampath is scheduled to arrive in Gujarat on October 29. He will discuss issues pertaining to postal ballots, law and order, staffing, vehicle requisition and the circulation of black money with the officials on October 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16845129", "title": "Bangalore University dean will be acting VC", "text": "BANGALORE: N Rangaswamy , dean, faculty of arts, Bangalore University, is the new acting vice-chancellor of Bangalore University. Governor HR Bhardwaj on Tuesday accepted N Prabhu Dev's resignation from the post. Rangaswamy will be VC till his deanship expires or till the appointment of a new VC, whichever is earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16845126", "title": "Korgao mining: DySP Salgaonkar suspended", "text": "PANAJI: DySP (CID security) Chandrakant Salgaonkar, formerly posted at the crime branch, was suspended on Tuesday following an inquiry by the vigilance department.His suspension comes after the crime branch, last week, registered a first information report (FIR) against him, Congress leader Jitendra Deshprabhu and mines department officials in connection with slipshod investigation and destruction of evidence in the alleged illegal mining case at Korgao, Pernem.Sources in vigilance department told TOI that Salgaonkar has been suspended. \"As the case is registered against Salgaonkar, in order to conduct a free and fair investigation, the government has decided to keep him under suspension,\" said sources in the vigilance department. Salgaonkar, while being posted as DySP at the crime branch, had investigated the alleged illegal mining case at Korgao and had arrested Deshprabhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16845479", "title": "Regatta dance, music fest from tomorrow", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Chief minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate Regatta, a nine-day dance and music festival, to mark the 40th anniversary of the city-based Regatta Cultural Society, at Kanakakkunnu Palace at 6pm on Thursday. Tourism minister A P Anilkumar and dancers The Dhananjayans, will participate in the inaugural function which will be followed by a Bharathanatyam performance by the senior students of Regatta.On Friday, Geetha Padmakumar, disciple of Vempati Chinna Satyam, will present Kuchupidi. Bharatanatyam by Sheshadri Ayier and Carnatic vocal by Kumari Arundhathi Krishnan from Bangalore will be the highlights of Saturday's events. Sunday's activities will include a Bharatanatyam recital by Minal Prabhu's disciple, Gayathri Sriram. The students of Regatta will stage Ekadanthacharitham Kathakali written by C I Gopala Pillai on Monday. The sixth day will feature a Bharatanatyam performance by Divya Shiva Sunder, disciple of The Dhananjayans and Kuchipudi by Regatta students.The highlight of this fiesta will be the solo and group performance of eminent dancers and alumni of Regatta, Methil Devika, Dr Neena Prasad, Gopika Varma and Sreelakshmi on October 25. The final day of the festival will have a 'Sapthaswaram', a thematic presentation featuring 100 talented artists. All performances will begin at Kanakakkunnu from 6pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16845480", "title": "A kaleidoscope of tribal art", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Adi Chitra, s part of Tribes India's nine-city series of tribal art exhibitions, is in Ahmedabad. Supported by Trifed, this initiative champions the cause of tribal communities by providing marketing opportunities.The aim is to ensure that tribal art and craft not only remain alive but also flourish with time, and tribespeople earn their livelihood in their own region without having to migrate.Chaitanya Sharma, an artist from Odisha, shyly points at his painting on display. He explains the 'ittal' or Saura form of painting wherein he has tried to show a family in 10-day mourning and the rituals performed during that period. Saura paintings are made in honour of the dead, to avert disease, to promote fertility and on the occasion of certain festivals.Tribal art is an expression of life. Adi Chitra is that kaleidoscope which throws light on every pattern, line, form and colour of a painting. In the city on display (the exhibition is on till October 17) are Gond from Madhya Pradesh , Saura from Odisha, Warli from Maharashtra, and Pithora from Gujarat.Pithora has come into being after years of hibernation. The ritual paintings of Rathwa and Naik tribes of Gujarat have animated figures and make lavish use of colours.Trifed sources paintings directly from artisans through its regional offices to ensure original quality artworks reach the market and artisans get their due.On the third day of the week-long event, the ongoing exhibition-cum-sale has been able to sell paintings worth around Rs 1.25 lakh.From here Adi Chitra will move on to Mumbai, Maharashtra - the land of the world-famous Warli paintings.Having got its name from the Warli tribe of Thane and Nashik, this is a very basic art form compared to the vibrant Madhubani and Pithora. The only colour used is white, which is obtained by grinding rice into powder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16844262", "title": "Court reserves order on Gadkari's complaint against Digvijay", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Tuesday reserved for November 2 its order on whether to summon Congress leader Digvijay Singh in a criminal defamation case filed against him by BJP President Nitin Gadkari.Gadkari recently filed a criminal defamation case against Singh saying that the congress leader accused him of having business links with his party MP Ajay Sancheti who allegedly pocketed Rs 500 crore in the coal block allocation.Metropolitan Magistrate (MM) Sudesh Kumar reserved its order on whether to summon Singh as accused in the case after recording the statements of two complainant's witnesses\u2014BJP National Secretary Bhupinder Yadav, also a Rajya Sabha MP, and an authorised representative of an English national daily in which the alleged defamatory statement of Singh was published.The court had earlier recorded Gadkari's statement.During the recording of statement, Yadav told the court that on September 3, he had read news articles in various newspapers about the alleged business relations between Gadkari and Sancheti and said it was \"totally false\" that Gadkari had earned Rs 490 crore from coal allocation through Sancheti.\"This statement was made by Digvijay Singh before the TV channels and media persons which was widely circulated,\" he said.Yadav also told the court that the news was \"defamatory\" and it had lowered Gadkari's image in the eyes of the public. \"The defamatory news was aired continuously for two days. After watching this news, the image and reputation of Nitin Gadkari was lowered in the eyes of myself and general public.In his statement, Yadav told the court that he contacted Nitin Gadkari and apprised him of his views that this false news was widely circulated in various news channels and publications.At this Gadkari told him that he would take action soon for this false and defamatory statements of Digvijay Singh.Gadkari's counsel had earlier denied that he has any \"direct or indirect\" business relations with Sancheti and that Singh's statement had the \"clear intention to malign the reputation of the complainant.\"The counsel had told the court that they had sent a legal notice to Singh on September 14 but the he had not replied.Denying any business ties with Sancheti, 55-year-old Gadkari had told the court that Singh had levelled \"totally false and defamatory\" allegations against him to \"give the impression that I have been responsible for allocation of coal mines\" to Sancheti.In his petition, filed through advocate Ajay Digpaul, Gadkari sought Singh's prosecution under sections section 499 and 500 of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16845006", "title": "Bike-crazy teen hatches theft plot", "text": "MUMBAI: Love for motorcycle accessories drove a teenaged boy to steal his friend's bike and then lodge a fake police complaint of theft.The Shivaji Park police on Monday arrested a first-year Commerce student for lodging the complaint, alleging both his and his friend's motorcycles \u2014Honda CDRs, each worth Rs 1.95 lakh\u2014which they had parked outside a theatre in Dadar (W), had been stolen. \"But we found discrepancies in his statements. During grilling, he confessed that he had orchestrated the theft as he wanted to steal the expensive accessories on his friend's bike,\" said deputy commissioner of police (Zone V) Dhananjay KulkarniThe incident occurred on October 10 when the accused, who hails from an upper-middle class family in Prabhadevi, and his friend, Santhosh Kurterkar (25), went to a multiplex in Dadar. \"After the film, as the two came out of the hall, both the motorcycles were missing. The teenager lodged a complaint and Kurterkar was the witness,\" Kulkarni said.The police learnt that a Mahim resident, Kurterkar dealt in bike accessories. \"The accused befriended him 10 days before committing the offence. He said the moment he set his eyes on Kurterkar's bike accessories, priced over Rs 50,000, he wanted to have them. The accessories included a mirror, speedometer and a gear box,\" said Shivaji Park police senior inspector Suresh Unavne.Sub-inspector D R Bane said they solved the case in five days. \"After parking their bikes outside the theatre, the teenager stole Kurterkar's bike key from his pocket and handed over both their keys to two youths he had hired. He asked them to ride to Nalasopara on the bikes and leave them there. Unaware of his plan, they agreed as they were fond of high-end bikes. The accused had planned to steal the accessories but was caught before that,\" said Bane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "amruta trivedi ahmedabad", "code": "16845420", "title": "Gangnam to add style", "text": "Amruta Trivedi Ahmedabad: Seungik jang, a student from South Korea was busy mixing the now famous Gangnam dancing steps into garba steps on Tuesday, the first day of Navratri. \"Garba is a unique from of dance. It is difficult, funny and beautiful at the same time. I have not learnt any form of dance till now, but I like dancing and I am enjoying the garba as well. We have incorporated the Gangnam style dance in garba and are calling it Gangnam style fusion.\"\"This is the first time I am witnessing such excitement amongst everyone around me. Garba steps are not difficult to catch if one gets to learn from a good teacher and practices well. I just love garba and it's very exciting to learn this new dance form. It is awesome to be able to take part in a garba performance.\" Says 17-year old Tenzin Dekyi, a student from Tibet , for whom all this festive fervour is new and exciting.This might be the first Navratri for many of these international students of Mahatma Gandhi International School (MGIS), but this sure does not stop them from becoming a part of it whole heartedly. Not only are they mastering the traditional steps but are also adding their own flavors to it.\"There are about 30 international students this year and we are celebrating a global multi-cultural Navratri with students from different countries, who are adding their own styles to our Gujarati garba. The students have also edited the songs on their own, as a part of their performing arts programme\", says Kanisha Modi, an animation teacher of the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16843541", "title": "Maradona to visit Kerala on October 24", "text": "KOCHI: He is unlikely to even touch a football during his one-day visit, but the news of Diego Maradona's visit to Kerala has got the state's football fraternity excited. The Argentine football legend will be coming to Kannur to inaugurate a jewellery showroom on October 24, of which he is a brand ambassador.Though the modalities of his visit are still being worked out, it is learnt that Maradona will land at Karipur airport late on Tuesday night and proceed straight to Kannur. He will leave for Dubai on Wednesday evening after the function.\"The football icon has confirmed his visit and we are all thrilled. After inaugurating our showroom and the new airline service, we will have a function at the Kannur Municipal stadium where we expect Maradona to address football lovers of the state. It will be a big occasion not just for us, but for all football lovers of Kerala,\" said Boby Chemmanur, chairman of Chemmanur international jewellers.A galaxy of prominent former state footballers will attend the function. Former international IM Vijayan, who is one of the invitees, said: \"I have met him before during a World Cup. But this is even bigger. The news of Maradona coming to my state is unbelievable. Football lovers of Kerala are going to see god of football up and close. I had committed for some other programme on that day but now I am trying to change the date as I don't want to miss out on this opportunity.\"This will be Maradona's second visit to the country after his visit to Kolkata in December 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16842754", "title": "Greenpeace activists denied entry to CoP venue", "text": "HYDERABAD: Civil society groups participating in the ongoing biodiversity meet were left miffed after they were prevented from entering the main hall where Prime Minister Manmohan Singh inaugurated the high-level segment of CoP-11 on Tuesday. They were instead asked to listen to his address from an adjoining hall.\"Three Greenpeace activists were stopped at the door of the conference hall where Singh was making his speech,\" stated a release issued by the group. The activists, the release added, were there to submit a petition to the Prime Minister, to stop the mass destruction of forests.\"Forests are one of the great natural resources of India. This government should be using its powers to protect that vital natural resource instead of ripping the heart out of them for coal mining,\" stated activist Brikesh Singh, who was one among those who were stopped from stepping in to Hall 1 at the HICC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16844284", "title": "CM inaugurates Adhunik\u2019s thermal plant in Seraikela", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Reiterating his claim to make Jharkhand a surplus power state by 2014-15, chief minister Arjun Munda on Tuesday said private-public partnership (PPP) is the most effective way to take the state forward in the energy sector. He said by adding about 2500MW to the existing capacity, the state will become a power surplus state within three years.While inaugurating the first unit of 4x270 MW thermal power plant of the Adhunik Power and Natural Resources (APNRL), a subsidiary of Adhunik Group, at Padampur in Seraikela-Khaswan district, Munda said projects like this would help the state generate additional power of 8,000 MW during the 13th Five Year Plan. \"In fact, in the first quarter of the 2013 calendar year, the state will add 1,000 MW to its existing capacity,\" he said. He added that the power consumption in the state stands at about 2100MW at present.Munda said the government has entered into an agreement with power-generating companies to procure 25% of the net generation on variable cost basis.Earlier, APNRL managing director Manoj Agarwal said his company was the first private entity to launch an integrated power plant in the state. In October 2005, APNRL had signed an MoU with the Jharkhand government for setting up the plant. He said the total production of the plant is 1,080 MW (4x270MW).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "16845159", "title": "Education baron\u2019s son faces trial for false case", "text": "KALYAN: A local court will hear a false case of attempt to murder filed by Sagar Jondhale against his father, education baron Shivajirao Jondhale, five years ago. Sagar had also named his father's friends, Harshkumar Khare and Jitendra Rai, in the complaint. The CID found that Sagar's complaint was false and his four witnesses fake.In 2007, Sagar filed an attempt to murder case against Jondhale, Khare and Rai, accusing them of opening fire at him. According to Sagar, the bullet missed him and hit his bodyguard. Sagar had produced four witnesses, including his younger brother Devendra. It was found that at the time of incident, Jondhale and Khare were not present at the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16845531", "title": "State to monitor air pollution during Puja", "text": "KOLKATA: Environment minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar flagged off two manual mobile air quality monitoring stations on Tuesday. These will measure air pollution during Durga Puja.The West Bengal Pollution Control Board (WBPCB) will set up environment awareness stalls in several parts of the city and 105 puja committees are vying for the Green Puja Awards.The monitoring stations will measure three basic parameters - respirable particulate matters, sulphur dioxide and nitrogen dioxide - at different locations across the city. These three are regularly measured at 18 stations across the state, including new stations in Jalpaiguri, Siliguri, Malda, Kalyani and Uluberia.The Green Puja Awards were introduced last year to motivate organisers to make the celebration environment-friendly. Last year, only 29 organisers contested; 105 have joined the contest this year. The WBPCB will operate 12 environmental awareness stalls in 11 pandals. Banners bearing environmental messages will be displayed in puja pandals, municipalities and police stations.Rallies have been organised in Maheshtala, Asansol and Durgapur where thousands of students and locals participated to propagate environmental messages about Durga Puja.A workshop was also organised in which 1,200 litres of non-toxic and lead-free paint of different shades were distributed to around 100 artists from areas like Kumartuli, Canal East, Garia, Ramgarh, Kalighat and Barrackpore. The artists have responded positively to the move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16845418", "title": "Cultural fest to mark 75th Durga Puja in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This year's Durga Puja at AES ground will mark 75 years of the festive tradition in the city. To celebrate the platinum jubilee, Bengal Cultural Association, Ahmedabad, and Ahmedbad Durgapuja Celebration Committee have organized seven-day cultural festival starting Thursday. Swami Sarvasthananda of Shri Ramakrishna Ashram, Rajkot, will open the fest on Wednesday at 8.30 pm.\"There will be children's programme, Baul music, drama and dance and musical nights by famous artists from West Bengal. The event will culminate on Dashami on October 24 with Sindoor Khela ,\" said an organizer.Greater Ahmedabad Bengal Association will hold the cultural events and puja in Naranpura near AEC office on 132 Feet Ring Road. Durga Puja will take place from October 19 to 24, Shyama Puja will take place on November 13 and 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16844814", "title": "After Himalayas, 7-year-old sets eyes on Kilimanjaro", "text": "CHENNAI: Five months ago, seven-year-old Aaryan Balaji climbed the Mt Kala Patthar (17,900 ft) in Nepal and became the youngest to stand on the majestic peak. Now, he is gearing up to scale the heights of Mount Kilimanjaro, the highest mountain in Africa.Trained under his father K S Balaji, a commander with the Navy and an avid mountaineer, Aaryan was on cloud nine when he first reached Kala Patthar in May. \"It was so nice to be on top of a mountain. I saw Danphe (the national bird of Nepal) and wild goats during my trip. The sparrows in the mountain were big and they looked like pigeons,\" says Aaryan, who has acted in a Tamil movie, 'Aanandhapurathu Veedu', and some ad movies.For climbing the hills, Aryan has a golden mantra taught to him by an American mountaineer on one of his trips. It goes like this: \"TTT (have enough tea) PPP (urinate) Walk Walk Walk &amp; Go to the Top. Keep smiling.\"Born on March 18, 2005 in Cuddalore in Tamil Nadu, Aaryan moved to Port Blair soon after his father was posted there. However, it was during a trip to the popular Vaishno Devi shrine in the Shivalik hill range of Katra, that the parents first realised their son's love for mountains. Aaryan was three years old then. \"We were resting after a tough climb and suddenly found Aryan missing from the group. After a quick search, we found him trying to climb a nearby rock. He was gripping the rock with his hands exactly the way the mountaineers do,\" said Riki Balaji, his Palakkad-born mother.Being the youngest to climb the Everest Base Camp in Nepal and Kala Patthar, Aaryan says he will be focusing on more mountainous birds and animals in his upcoming Kilimanjaro trip. \"The idea is to create awareness about nature among parents. Mountains are a perfect place to be, and trekking helps a lot to improve one's personality. Mountaineering is an art of knowing nature. So more parents should come forward and train their children in mountaineering,\" said Riki, who has accompanied her son on all his trekking trips.Even though Aaryan trekked only with his parents, how did he withstand the temperature? \"We don't climb the way many foreigners do. They climb without any rest, and rush back due to lack of acclimatisation. So getting acclimatised to the temperature is important. After covering a particular height, we stay there for a day or two at the tent. This will help us get used to the temperature,\" she said. Aaryan has truly benefited from this and that's why he could withstand a temperature of minus 22Celsius on top of Kala Patthar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16845169", "title": "School bars \u2018slow learner\u2019 from class", "text": "PANAJI: A 10-year-old Class V student has been barred from attending classes at an aided school in Canacona since July, allegedly because she is a slow learner.Angered child rights activists, who have been appealing her case with the school's authorities for a while now, met with the education secretary Keshav Chandra on Tuesday. Chandra assured Bailancho Saad members Priyanka Velip and Sabina Martins that he would look into the matter and would ensure the girl's admission in the school.Under the central government's Right to Education Act the state government has to provide special educators for slow learners and students with mild intellectual disabilities, Martins told TOI.Under the Goa Children's Act any school which denies schooling to a student for any reason is liable to be fined Rs 50,000.A source said the girl was admitted to the school in June on payment of the requisite fees, but from July she was not allowed in class because she is a slow learner. She would also constantly get up from her seat during class, the source added.The parents, from an economically-weaker section of society, tried to admit the girl in a special school, as suggested by the aided school head, but the special school informed the parents that the child was normal, though a slow learner, the source explained.As the girl had to continue at a regular school, a few organizations tried to intervene and pleaded the girl's case before the government-aided school's authorities. \"The school declined to accept the girl back,\" the source said. Left with no alternative, activists met the education secretary.Under RTE, every child has to be provided with education and not detained till Class VIII. In case of children with special needs, a special educator has to be provided and a resource room for study. Any violation has to be dealt with by the committee for protection of child rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "dabolim", "code": "16845188", "title": "Season starts with 395 charter tourists", "text": "DABOLIM: The tourism season in the state officially got under way with the first charter flights of the season landing at Dabolim on Tuesday, bringing 395 stourists. The flights from Moscow and Yekatrinaberg landed at 2am and 5am respectively.Bush Miranda, chairman of the Airport Operators Association said, \"A Nordwind Airlines flight from Moscow for Sita travels carrying 210 passengers was the first to arrive. It was followed by an Orion Air flight from Yekatrinaberg for Pegas with 185 passengers.\"Though an airport advisory committee meeting was held earlier this month for smooth flow of tourists, some passengers were seen complaining about their baggage locks being found in a broken state. No complaints were filed with the Vasco police though.So far, 738 charter flights have confirmed landings for the season.The number is likely to cross 900 by the time the charter season ends in March 2013.Of the 738 flights, 70% are from Russia . But the British are coming too, followed by flights from Ukraine, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Poland, Germany, Sweden, Finland, etc.Asked how tour operators were viewing the new season, Ernest Dias, vice president, Sita Travel (Goa), said, \"Right now the season seems promising.\" He felt \"the negative image that is going out from Goa\" was a concern. These included the delay in the shack policy, lack of regulation of water sports activities etc. Dias said \"Sita was bringing flights from 10 different regions this year. We are getting one flight from Moscow every week.\"Goa, the country's smallest state, attracts over 90% of the charter arrivals in the country and charter tourists form a major chunk of the state's visitors. Charter tourists constituted almost 80% of arrivals in the past, but over the last 2-3 years the proportion has started dropping slightly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16843247", "title": "AGP slams Tarun Gogoi over BTAD schools", "text": "GUWAHATI: The AGP pressed the Centre and state government to reopen the schools in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC), which are still functioning as relief camps for the victims and homeless people of the ethnic violence after July.Coming down heavily on the chief minister Tarun Gogoi, the AGP on Tuesday criticized Gogoi for his failure to rehabilitate relief camp inmates and reopen schools in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC), which are still functioning as relief camps for the victims of the ethnic violence since July.\"Around 40,000 school students are yet to go back to their schools. Gogoi talks about development in BTC, but is it possible without a proper education system? The final exams of most schools are almost here, but classes for these children haven't resumed yet. Is not the chief minister playing with the future of the students?\" AGP general secretary Durga Das Boro questioned.Gogoi had earlier said that the schools in the BTC area would reopen before October. On many occasions, schools students also raised the demand of reopening their schools in the violence-hit areas, but to no avail.\"Our farm lands have been washed away in the floods, our forest lands are encroached upon by foreigners, rhinos are being killed almost everyday and even students are being deprived of their basic rights. How much does this government want the people of the state to suffer?\" Boro added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16845464", "title": "200 complaints, police act only once", "text": "KOLKATA: For all the big talk about protecting the wetlands, the police have acted on only one of the 200-odd complaints on encroachment of the marshes \u2014 that too because of a TOI report.The highest number of complaints (more than 50%) of illegal encroachment has come from areas under Sonarpur police station, followed by Calcutta Leather Complex police station and Tiljala police area. They mostly relate to small-scale constructions, like small factory units, garages or godowns by filling up of waterbodies.The East Kolkata Wetland Management Authority (EKWMA) is upset that in spite of the flood of complaints, the police are ignoring the threat to the ecologically sensitive area that is so crucial to Kolkata's well being.Police took action in only case \u2014 the encroachment and walling off of a 43-bigha bheri off EM Bypass. When the TOI reported it on December 30 last year, walls were already being erected around the bheri in plain sight of police. Mounting pressure from TOI and green activists forced the police to act.The police inaction seems all the more puzzling because the EKWMA is headed by the chief secretary. The EKWMA had written several times to the police, saying that though hundreds of FIRs have been lodged against illegal constructions in the protected 12,500-hectare wetlands, there has been no action. The rampant encroachment is changing the character of the area, the wetlands protection body has warned.Meetings have been held between the environment department, pollution control board, police and local civic bodies but no actionable plan ever came out.One of the biggest problems in prosecuting those who fill up wetlands is that such cases are not high priority for police as rape, murder or robbery, say EKWMA officials. There is hardly ever any investigation of wetland complaints, say sources.In fact, South 24-Parganas SP Praveen Tripathy said he did not know of any such complaint. \"I am not aware of any such complaint lodged. If they can come to my office and lodge a complaint, we will definitely look into the matter and take action,\" he said.There is also the question of the livelihood of the local dwellers. \"If an existing dweller decides to extend his house by constructing another room, you have to look at it from a humanitarian point of view,\" said an official. A few years ago EKWMA authorities had prepared a list of encroachers who had refused to demolish illegal structures despite being asked to do. Nothing came of it.Environment activists say that neither the police nor the EKWMA can do much in the matter. \"I do not blame the police. There is a lack of administrative action because political persons are involved. Police have got not much to do in this. EKWMA, which is a government body, also cannot do much beyond lodging complaints,\" said environment activist Subhas Datta.\"The political level on this matter is completely zero. There is no stringent law from the ramsar. The pressure of real estate is so much that unless a holistic approach is taken, the problem will not stop,\" said SAFE chairperson Dipayan De, an expert on wetland issues.\"Land mafias are behind this and unless the government authorities and police actively interfere on this matter, the problem will not be solved,\" said green activist Ravi Menon.Environment minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar said that the government was constantly trying to work on protecting not only the east Kolkata wetlands, but all the wetlands and waterbodies in and around the city. \"We are documenting on the condition of the waterbodies and a high power committee has been formed to look into this,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16844712", "title": "Meet to decide on cell phone tower rules", "text": "NAGPUR: Mobile phone companies' eyes will be set on the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC)'s standing committee meeting on Wednesday as the guidelines for erection and existing cell phone towers will come up for discussion in the meeting. About 531 mobile phone towers were regularized in 2009.NMC's town planning department has put up a proposal before the standing committee to take note of the guidelines prepared by the department for mobile phone towers. The guidelines were implemented by the NMC in 2009 itself, approved by then municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta. In fact, the NMC probably was the first civic body in the state to bring into force guidelines for erection of new mobile phone towers and regularization of existing mobile towers following various complaints received from the citizens and about control over the towers.NMC regularized 531 mobile phone towers according to the nine-point guidelines in 2009. The NMC recovered a penalty of Rs 10,000 and charges of Rs 1 lakh per tower for regularization of mobile phone towers. The permission was granted for three years and made mandatory for renewal after the stipulated time period.The NMC was also to recover penalty of Rs 2 lakh if any new mobile phone tower is erected after bringing the guidelines into force.The NMC too made it mandatory for the mobile companies to submit 14 types of documents compulsory for regularization and registration of mobile phone towers.In 2010, the NIT too jumped into the mobile phone towers issue and directed the plot/ structure owners who gave permission for erection of towers to register with the NIT. The trust even went on to seal few mobile phone towers. Then, few cell phone companies knocked the doors of the High Court which directed the NIT to stop action and ordered NMC to hand over the amount collected from 106 mobile phone towers to NIT as fall under its jurisdiction.Amidst all these, the NMC did not made it a policy by bringing the guidelines for approval in the standing committee and then in general body. Now, the guidelines have been brought before the standing committee. It would be interesting to see the decision of the standing committee on the proposal. The proposal may be sent to the general body if the committee wants the guidelines changed into policy. The committee may also take note of the guidelines and approve the proposal.But the decision may be difficult as it may require legal advice, if sources are to be believed.The Central government has implemented EMF (Electromagnetic Frequency) Radiation Standards from September 1 and asked the state governments to prepare a new policy for existing and new mobile phone towers. Sources told TOI that the State government has already come up with a draft of the policy and asked for public suggestions and objections. \"The government will now implement the policy. Later, the NMC will have to implement it. Therefore, the standing committee has to take a decision about the fate of NMC's guidelines,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16843551", "title": "Find employment for local youth: CM", "text": "PUNE: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday urged the industries to respond positively to the aspirations of people who vacate their land to make place for setting up industrial plants. Chavan also asked industry leaders to give them technical education and develop their employability skills.\"People accommodate you by vacating their land; so you should also try and accommodate them to the extent possible,\" Chavan said at the inauguration of a training academy of car-maker Volkswagen in Chakan on Tuesday. He said the industries can work with Industrial Training Institutions (ITIs) to prepare local youths to find employment with them.Chavan said the government was engaged in discussions with local political leaders to address the industry's complaints of local goons involved in pressure tactics and intimidation. \"We hope to find a remedy to the problem soon,\" he said.The chief minister said the government will make budgetary provision for the proposed international airport near Chakan following which land acquisition will start. He said a decision will soon be made about the demand to convert the land acquired for special economic zones into industrial parks.On the issue of refund of Value Added Tax (VAT) which has upset many industries in the automobiles sector, Chavan said the state is trying to work out a formula to solve this issue in a way that facilitates appropriate accounting interpretation of the state's rules on VAT.Earlier in the day, the chief minister met representatives of the Hinjewadi Industries Association. State industries minister Narayan Rane accompanied him. The chief minister discussed with the representatives the issue of traffic and safety in the Rajiv Gandhi IT Park. He assured them that the government will consult international experts, if needed, to improve traffic management at the prestigious IT park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16845523", "title": "Two domestic helps nabbed for theft", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vastrapur police nabbed two youths from Rajasthan who work as domestic helps in the city, for two thefts, in Sola and Satellite. Police are questioning the duo to know if they were involved in more thefts.According to police, the surveillance squad of Vastrapur police got a tip-off on Mukesh Patel, 19, and his associate Premji Patel, 25, residents of Guptanagar in Vasna. The team raided their residence and nabbed them.\"On questioning, the duo confessed that they were wanted by city police for thefts. While Premji had stolen valuables worth Rs 65,000 from a residence in Satellite in 2009, Mukesh was named in theft of Rs 72,500 cash from a bungalow in Thaltej last month. Ashok Patel, a resident of Ishavasyam, Thaltej, had mentioned that Mukesh, who was recently employed as a domestic help, fled with his bag on September 9,\" said a Vastrapur police official. Investigators said that Premji was the leader and spent considerable time in the city working as domestic help in western city parts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16843884", "title": "Single shift at pumps leaves motorists fuming", "text": "MUMBAI: Thousands were inconvenienced on Monday when petrol pump owners began their stir and operated only a single shift from 9am to 5pm. The 246 pumps across the city shut down sharp at 5pm, leaving motorists and transporters fuming as they were unable to refill petrol or diesel. The protest is likely to continue when pumps reopen on Tuesday. The owners are demanding an increase in their commission.There were long queues of cars, tempos and trucks at most pumps between 9am and 11am and from 3pm to 5pm. \"We had to cater to a huge rush of motorists in the morning. This may continue on Tuesday,\" said an official of a petrol pump in Vile Parle'sJVPD scheme.Ravi Shinde of Petrol Dealers' Association said the deadlock between oil companies and pump owners continues. All India Motor Transport Congress president Bal Malkit Singh said the single-shift operation will hit the transport sector, especially diesel trucks which supply essential commodities to the city.The stir's timing has irked citizens as it coincides with the Navratri season. Kavita Kher, who wanted to shop for the festive season, is upset over the pumps remaining open only for eight hours. \"The Navratri season has begun and several cars will be out on roads till late at night. If we run out of fuel, we will be stuck.\"Many residents have begun conserving fuel and those who went to petrol pumps on Monday tanked up. \"We have suggested to car owners and transporters to get their tanks filled up as this will minimize inconvenience,\" said a senior supervisor at Chheda service station in Mulund.Ghatkopar resident Arvind Jaiswal said, \"I had to travel to Pune. When I went to fill petrol after 5pm, I was turned away. I am virtually stranded as I have heard that all pumps in Maharashtra are operating a single shift.\"Nilesh Vaidya, head of security at Hotel Sahara Star in Andheri, pointed out that most people are in office from 9am to 5pm and will find it difficult to keep to the pumps' new timings. that coincided with their work hours.\"I visit a petrol pump on my way home at night.What if I need to take my parents to hospital in an emergency and there isn't enough fuel,\" he asked.At Lalbaug, Swapnil Parab, secretary of the Ganesh Gully Ganeshotsav Mandal, who owns a Yamaha motorbike and a Xylo car, said he is at work throughout the day. \"People like me will have to make a special trip to the petrol pump during lunch break and fill the tank to capacity lest it runs out of fuel at night.\" What if I am travelling out of town or on the highway at night, and run out of petrol\".Said another member of Petrol Dealers Association, \"Having exhausted all avenues of communication with our oil companies__to highlight the erosion of petrol dealers' margin with every increase in price of petrol and diesel_we have been left with no option,\" he said. He stated that the purpose was to cut the costs to meet with the escalating prices and expenses.The association has also written to joint police commissioner (law and order) Sadanand Date to provide police protection to the pumps. Said an owner of a petrol pump near Charni Road station, \"Petrol Pumps have now decided to reduce working time to 8 hours to cut costs on manpower and electricity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16845839", "title": "AK Choudhary becomes Bengal Area\u2019s new GOC", "text": "KOLKATA: Lieutenant General Ashok Kumar Choudhary became the first three-star general to take over as the General Officer Commanding of the Bengal Area on Tuesday. The upgrade of the post is significant as the Bengal Area is considered the link between the military and civil administration in West Bengal and other states in the region. It also provides logistics support during troop movement, both during war and peacetime operations like relief and rescue.Lt Gen Choudhary was the Director General Military Operations (DGMO) at Army headquarters before taking over in Kolkata. Before taking charge, the GOC on Tuesday paid tribute to the martyrs by placing a wreath at the War Memorial at Fort William.The general has had a distinguished career in the Army, spanning over 38 years. An alumnus of Sainik School, Tilaiya, National Defence Academy, Khadakvasla, he was commissioned to the Mahar Regiment before attending the prestigious Defence Services Staff College, Wellington and Long Defence Management Course at Secunderabad.The general has held critical command and staff appointments including tactical and operational levels of command in active counter-insurgency and proxy-war environment in the North East and Jammu &amp; Kashmir. He also held important staff appointments of the Army including Col GS of a Division, BGS of a Corps, Deputy Director General of the prestigious Military Operations Directorate and Additional Director General of Military Intelligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843558", "title": "Supreme Court aghast at detention of foreigner for 15 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: Is Abdul Sharief a Pakistani or an Iranian? For the last 15 years, the Centre made no serious attempt to determine his nationality, quietly forgetting Sharief after consigning him to a detention centre in Amritsar.But there is now a ray of hope for Sharief as the gross abuse of his constitutional guarantee to life and liberty by apathetic authorities has riled the Supreme Court which minced no words in expressing shock and anguish.Asked when Sharief, son of Ghoolam Sharief, was arrested, the Union government failed to give the information on Tuesday to a bench of Justices R M Lodha and A R Dave during the hearing of a PIL by Prof Bhim Singh seeking release of Pakistani prisoners lodged in Indian jails despite completing their sentences.Although the date of arrest was not available, additional solicitor general P P Malhotra said Sharief completed his prison term way back in 1997. This meant the foreigner had been kept in detention for the last 15 years. Asked by the bench why he remained behind bars, Malhotra said, \"He cannot be allowed to be released to mingle with the general public.\"The bench then curtly told the ASG, \"You cannot allow him to mingle with general public but would keep him intermingled with hardcore criminals in jail? We are pained and concerned about the man. Life and liberty are two most important rights guaranteed under the Constitution not only to Indians but also to foreigners.\"Asked about the delay in establishing the foreigner's identity, the government said initially they had suspected him to be a Pakistani. But later, the Pakistan high commission informed the government that he could be an Iranian.Malhotra said that in February this year, the ministry of external affairs (MEA) wrote to the Iranian embassy seeking help in his identification. The bench asked, \"If tomorrow the Iranian embassy says that he was from some other country, will the foreigner continue to be under detention?\"The bench added, \"In our view, the continued detention even in a detention centre, when he has served out his sentence way back on July 17, 1997, is not only improper but highly deplorable. All steps must be taken by concerned officials and authorities in getting his nationality established so that he can be repatriated to the country he belongs to.\"We expect the ministry of external affairs and the ministry of home affairs to take all necessary steps in having the nationality of Abdul Sharief established without any further loss of time so that he can be repatriated without any further delay.\" The court fixed November 29 for further hearing on the issue.The bench noted that the Pakistan high commission too had not heeded the court's repeated requests to establish the nationality of 24 more prisoners who were ready for repatriation. However, the government said it had released and repatriated 46 Pakistani fishermen.The court also asked the ASG to find out details of the steps taken by the government in contacting foreign governments to establish the nationality of 16 other foreign nationals who have been kept in prison because of non-identification.Times ViewIt is indeed shocking that a man should have remained in jail for 15 years after his sentence has been served out merely because officialdom is unable to ascertain what his nationality is. As the court has correctly pointed out, the right to life and freedom cannot be so casually snatched away from someone. Even if the person happens not be a citizen, it reflects poorly on the rule of law in our country if such gross injustice is done to him. The government must at least now show the kind of urgency it should have done many years ago and make arrangements for him to be released and sent home, wherever that may be.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16842668", "title": "Murder case booked against Akbaruddin Owaisi", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Chandrayangutta police has registered a murder case against MIM floor leader Akbaruddin Owaisi, Malakpet MLA Ahmed Balala, gunman Jani Mia and MIM corporator Mansoor Awalgi. They are accused in the murder of Ibrahim Younus Yafai who was shot dead in Barkas last year.On September 4, Awadh Bin Younus Yafai, the brother of the deceased, lodged a complaint of conspiracy and murder against the MIM legislators with the police commissioner. \"The police had sought legal opinion from additional solicitor general of India and following his views, we registered a case of murder and criminal conspiracy against Akbaruddin Owaisi and others ,\" Chandrayangutta inspector A Srinivas Rao said.Awadh in his complaint had alleged that on April 30, 2011, gunman Jani Mia came to his residence in Barkas and asked the family members to meet Akbaruddin Owaisi at the MIM local party office. When they reached the venue, they saw Owaisi carrying a gun in his hand. An altercation followed over some issues following which Owaisi caught hold of Ibrahim Yafai's collar with his left hand while holding the gun in the right. In an attempt to free himself, both Yafai and Owaisi fell on the ground. Awad said then he heard a gun shot and Owaisi still holding the gun in his hand. Cases were booked on October 8 against seven people including MLAs Akbaruddin Owaisi, Ahmed Balala and Barkas corporator Mansoor Awalgi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16847178", "title": "Samsung's WP8-based Ativ S in India soon?", "text": "Samsung unveiled its Ativ S, the world's first Windows Phone 8 smartphone, during IFA 2012 in August. Now, it seems that the device, which is still to launch anywhere across the globe, is headed for India.Ezoneonline, the ecommerce portal from Future Group, has listed Samsung Ativ S in its mobile phone category. Though the site does not give any pricing or launch date details.The WP8-powered smartphone is listed as 'Out Of Stock', though the site says that the delivery period is within 7 to 10 days. For those interested in the cost of the device, the website says \"Price On Request\" and they can provide their name, email address and mobile number.Samsung Ativ S has a 4.8-inch SuperAMOLED touchscreen, same as the Galaxy S III, and runs on the Windows Phone 8 mobile operating system. The South Korean manufacturer has used a 1.5GHz dual-core Krait processor with 1GB RAM in the phone.Ativ S will be available in 16 and 32GB variants, and will support microSD card of up to 32GB capacity. The smartphone has an 8MP rear camera with flash and a 1.9MP front camera. It comes with Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 3.0, 2G, 3G and microUSB 2.0 as connectivity options. The world's first Windows Phone 8 smartphone will be powered by a 2,300mAh battery.Samsung has always given priority to India while launching its mobile devices, such as Galaxy S III, Galaxy Note II and Galaxy Note 10.1. Therefore, it is possible that the official launch of Ativ S in India may not be too far away, though the Windows Phone platform has not exactly picked up in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16844987", "title": "Nadiadwala\u2019s wife says her father told police nephew pushed him", "text": "MUMBAI: Filmmaker Sajid Nadiadwala's wife Wardha has broken her silence on the death of her father, Aziz Khan, who was allegedly pushed from his brother's fourth floor flat by his nephew Shahjeb (20) last week. Khan succumbed to his injuries in hospital.Following Shahjeb's arrest, neighbours and relatives said the youth was innocent and Khan had committed suicide as he was depressed because of his son's criminal activities.Wardha said, \"My father gave a statement to the police in the presence of police sub-inspector (PSI) Prakash Hawde and my brother Mohsin. He told them (in hospital) he had been pushed (off the flat) and would like to lodge a complaint against Shahjeb. The PSI took his statement but my father slipped into a coma before signing it. So, my brother signed the statement. It was my father's dying declaration that he had been pushed to death.\"She said Khan was not depressed (as claimed by Wardha's aunt Salma Salim Kara). \"Why is she now bringing forth the doctor treating my father to prove her claim? Moreover, if my father wanted to commit suicide, why would he go to Khalid chacha's house and jump from there?\" (By Khalid chacha, Wardha meant Aziz Khan's uyounger brother and Shahjeb's father).Shahjeb's family said in court that Khan had gone over to the residence of Khalid (50) to discuss his depression and not finding him home, jumped out of the building. They said Shahjeb, along with two neighbours, took Khan to hospital. They said Khan's son was blaming Shahjeb of murder to protect himself as he had been ill-treating his father.Wardha has countered by saying that her father loved his son, Mohsin, immensely and the charges of Shahjeb's family were false. \"There was no animosity between my father and Mohsin. Some media reports claimed that their relationship was strained and that he was living separately. That is completely untrue. Mohsin lived with my father and mother. His wife gave birth to a girl four months ago and he was getting good modelling and film offers. So, there was a lot of happiness in the house.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16847996", "title": "Roach Killa comes to India", "text": "Roach Killa is one of the most talented artists in the music industry today and on the 1st October 2012, Mumbai got its first taste of Roach Killa. The Canadian star travelled to India for the first time in his life to perform at the Indian equivalent of the Grammys - 'Global Indian Music Academy Awards' (GIMA).His performance rocked the creme-de la creme of the Indian music industry. In attendance was Asha Bhosle , AR Rehman, Sonu Nigam , Anu Malik, Mika Singh, Shankar Mahadevan, Alka Yagnik , Salim Sulaiman, special Bollywood guests Shah Rukh Khan , Ajay Devgun, Saif Ali Khan , Sonakshi Sinha , Vidya Balan , Parineeti Chopra and scores more.Roach said after his performance \"That was probably one of the best experiences I have ever had. To perform in front of an industry that has inspired me since I was a kid was truly humbling, I couldn't believe the reaction and everyone was so friendly, nice and encouraging. I was blown away when I saw Shah Rukh Khan's name on the dressing room opposite mine and Sonu Nigam's was next door!\"Returning to the UK, Roach Killa notched up another great achievement winning the coveted BritAsia TV Best UK Urban Act Award on the 6th October. Finally the king of Asian urban music gets crowned! Feeling on top of the world, Roach Killa commented, \"This award is from the people who support and follow me. Without them and their love I would never have won this and I just want everyone to know that I'm aware it was the votes from my fans that got me here, so a massive thank you to you all\".Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16844038", "title": "'Nagpur connection' to feature prominently in IAC's Gadkari expose today", "text": "NAGPUR: As India Against Corrpution (IAC) prepares for its revelations on BJP president Nitin Gadkari, the city is set to become the cynosure of the national media. Although the IAC press conference to expose the alleged scam will be held in New Delhi on Wednesday, a senior IAC member said its roots can be traced to Nagpur. Mayank Gandhi said, \"Nagpur will feature prominently in the scam that my colleagues shall expose on Wednesday evening.\"Gandhi, who is here to meet IAC members, did not divulge any more detail. \"Our colleagues Arvind Kejriwal and Anjali Damania will make the disclosure at 5pm on Wednesday, and then everyone shall know,\" he said.Asked about the delay in making the revelations about Gadkari even when Damania had publicly declared her intentions, Gandhi said it was due to technical issues. \"We were waiting for some documents, but now everything is ready,\" said Gandhi.Speculation is rife in political circles about the \"city connection\" which could very well be a prominent name in business whose closeness to Gadkari is well known.IAC has been going after the top guns of both the national parties, BJP and Congress, by exposing a series of scams. Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi , was the first one to be hit with charges of suspicious deals with the leading construction firm, DLF . \"What we have exposed about Vadra is just the tip of the iceberg. There are multiple documents in our possession that will pin down Vadra and in time we shall reveal everything,\" said Gandhi.Next in IAC's firing line was law minister Salman Khurshid and his wife, Louise, for alleged financial mismanagement by their NGO, Dr Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust. A media channel too during the same period conducted a sting operation on Khurshid's NGO which showed financial benefit never reached the beneficiaries. \"Khurshid's NGO issue basically fell into our lap during that time and many more shall come,\" said Gandhi.The senior IAC member is in the city because of a peculiar problem their political party faces. \"Nagpur is the only city in Maharashtra where members are averse to the idea of our turning into a political force. I have come to understand their point of view and will try to bring everyone on the same page,\" he said.Gandhi will meet other groups that were aligned with IAC during Anna Hazare's agitation. \"I am trying to get across to the Shetkari Sangathana, Bharat Swabhimaan, etc., because it will be better for all of us to merge. We need to create a potent political force in the country,\" he said.For IAC, the biggest test will be the Delhi assembly elections next year. \"We'll field senior IAC members in the Delhi elections and that will decide our course of action. In Maharashtra, we're working aggressively to form a state level coordination committee and the first meeting for that is scheduled for October 21. But all political moves for Maharashtra shall again depend totally on the Delhi polls,\" said Gandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16845460", "title": "Baroda Cricket Association to monitor matches, officials to prevent wrongdoings", "text": "VADODARA: The written complaint made by a Baroda Cricket Association (BCA) scorer against a 22-year-old cricketer for offering him bribe may open a can of worms in the association. While BCA has promised to inquire into the issue those connected with the association say that allegations of shady deals have been made against some match officials in the past. However, no one came forward to register complaint against such erring officials.BCA secretary Sanjay Patel too admitted that he had heard of some shady deals being done in the association and has promised strict action. \"This is for first time that an issue of bribery has come out in open as the scorer had the courage to register an official complaint against the cricketer. But, this is not the first episode wherein players have offered kickbacks to match officials in lieu of favour,\" said a BCA official.Patel told TOI that BCA has got information that some umpires are behaving in a suspicious manner and they might be involved in shady deals with the players. The BCA has decided to monitor matches and conduct of umpires and even scorers. \"We have decided that if any umpire is found guilty of wrongdoing he may be permanently debarred from umpiring in BCA matches,\" Patel said.BCA had come across a couple of suspicious incidents in the past too. In February 2009, two cricket clubs, Hindu Gymkhana and Islam Gymkhana, were banned from playing cricket by BCA for one year after they were found guilty of indulging in unfair means to benefit some players.In 2009, Kiran More Cricket Academy (KMCA) had scored 487 runs within a day in a U-14 cricket tournament. BCA managing committee had asked for the scoreboard of the match that was held between KMCA and Gujarat Refinery. The huge score piled by KMCA team within a day of the two-day match in the U-14 D K Gaekwad Tournament surprised many as the runs were scored too quickly. The KMCA team scored 487 runs for loss of four wickets and one of its batsmen scored 237 runs in lesser number of deliveries. Gujarat Refinery team got out very cheaply in both the innings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16846202", "title": "Police didn't register plaint initially", "text": "BELGAUM: A married woman, Rekha, claimed that her doctor friend Vishwanath Poojary raped her. Rekha claimed that Vishwanath had promised to marry her but a couple of years ago, he got married to another woman and they had children too. Even after the marriage, Vishwanath continued his relationship with her.On October 11, Vishwanath and his two friends came to Rekha's house and gave her the spiked juice. The trio raped her and fled.When she went to the Shapur police station, the staff didn't register a case but after mediapersons and women activists took up her cause, police registered a case on Monday night. Later, they admitted her to the Civil Hospital for a medical test.\"Those found guilty will be arrested soon and if police have been negligent in filing a case, action will be taken against them,\" said superintendent of police Sandeep Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843394", "title": "Was Ashok Khemka victimized? 43 transfers in 19 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: Transferring an IAS officer may be the prerogative of a government but Haryana - irrespective of the party in power - has made a mockery of the system by deviating from all 'service' guidelines in the case of Ashok Khemka who ordered scrutiny of Robert Vadra's land records.No officer of this elite service has ever been transferred so frequently by any state. The ministry of personnel - the cadre controlling authority of IAS officers - does not have other instance of similar transfers anywhere in the country.Official records show that Khemka, a computer engineer who got his first posting as IAS officer in 1993, was transferred 43 times in 19 years with most of his postings lasting merely months.During this period, he held eight posts in various departments for a month or less. Twelve of his 43 postings, incidentally, were in departments which dealt with 'land' in one way or the other - ranging from acquisition, consolidation, records and revenue management to development.Executive Record Sheet (ERS) of the ministry of personnel shows that Khemka - an IAS officer of the 1991 batch -- held only two postings that lasted for over a year. He got the first such tenure (one-and-a-half years) during 2005-06 as chief administrator of the urban development department.Khemka, a joint secretary-level officer, got a slightly longer tenure of one year and 10 months as managing director of the industry department during 2008-10.In the backdrop of the latest transfer from his post of director general, consolidation of holdings and land records, where he was posted for less than three months, the officer claimed that the state government had \"abruptly\" transferred him as a \"punishment\" for acting as a whistle-blower in several dubious land transactions.In his letter to the state chief secretary P K Chaudhery last week, he pointed out that there should be a minimum tenure of two years as per the statutory IAS (Fixation of Cadre Strength) Regulations 2010, \"but the state government has violated statutory regulations\".The chief secretary, however, said transfer was the prerogative of the government. \"The officer (Khemka) was transferred for administrative reasons,\" he said.Khemka, in his letter, said, \"It is shocking to learn about my abrupt transfer... this is deliberate and malafide to punish me due to some vested elements in the political-bureaucratic hierarchy affected by the expose of the scams in consolidation of land holdings under the exercise of powers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843779", "title": "GoM clears watered down land acquisition bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government will have to secure the nod of two-thirds of landowners to acquire a patch of land for private/PPP projects while acquisition in tribal areas would be possible only with the approval of local institutions of self-governance.The enshrining of owners' willingness to sell land forms a crucial part of the land acquisition amendment bill that was finalized by the group of ministers headed by Sharad Pawar on Tuesday.The consent clause has been a sore point in the Manmohan Singh Cabinet, with a chunk of ministers feeling the restrictive clause could hamper acquisition and impede industrialization. There was also resentment against the provision of Social Impact Assessment and Environmental Impact Assessment before acquisitions but they have been retained in the final draft.The rural development ministry under Jairam Ramesh has diluted the original provision of consent of 80% landowners and livelihood losers to two-thirds of landowners.The conditions for acquisition in 'scheduled areas' may help discourage takeover of land for private projects in tribal areas as has been the demand from civil society for a long time.The draft bill says acquisition in scheduled areas should be avoided but if necessary, it should follow the consent of local systems of governance like autonomous councils.The issue led to serious discussion during the meetings of the ministerial panel, with deputy chairperson of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia reportedly arguing that development should be taken to tribal areas.The legislation, piloted by Ramesh, will decide a cut-off date to implement the new bill. Finance minister P Chidambaram warned that cut-off date was important to avoid the anomaly of government paying compensation under two different bills (old and new) for different acquisitions at the same time.Ramesh said he would hold another discussion with GoM chair Pawar to tighten the loose ends and the bill would soon be sent for Cabinet clearance. \"We hope to get it passed in the winter session,\" he said.Crucially, the bill will apply to Special Economic Zones that account for a big chunk of acquisitions that have triggered allegations that these special enclaves had become havens for real estate agents.The legislation evoked strong sentiments from key UPA ministers like Kamal Nath , Anand Sharma and C P Joshi who differed on certain projects being kept out of the purview of public purpose. Defence minister and Congress heavyweight A K Antony had said at the last meeting that government should not acquire land for private projects and step in for PPP projects only if unavoidable.The land bill has been in the works since UPA-1 but fell victim to coalition differences. But the last resistance came from Congress camp when many ministers feared the stringent provisions for acquiring land could discourage industrialization and urbanization.It was referred to the Pawar-chaired ministerial panel after the Cabinet meeting in August found a plethora of objections raised by ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16845077", "title": "Garbage woes return to Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: It's over two weeks since the BBMP kicked off segregation of waste at source, but garbage has been piling up on roadsides.The programme, by the civic body's admission, has seen only 0%-40 % compliance in some areas, depending on the corporators and BBMP health officers. The civic body faces twin problems : Some areas are still cold to waste segregation and the collection is poor. The BBMP commissioner admitted to some lapses in collection.For instance, those visiting Malleswaram 8th Cross to buy Dasara dolls are greeted by heaps of garbage on the roadside. If this is the scene before the festival season, the city may have to bear an additional burden of garbage generated during festivals.In upscale Koramangala, segregation hasn't picked up. \"Whenever pourakarmikas don't lift garbage, I call the corporator who is of hardly any help. The MLA helped us get the garbage lifted regularly . The pourakarmika stopped coming when I told her she should take only wet waste. I fought with my neighbours as they don't segregate waste. Now, the entire street is filthy,'' said a 35-year-old woman from Koramangala 6th Block, on condition of anonymity .Kalpana Raghu, 29, who lives off Bull Temple Road, said: \"The pourakarmika asked me not to give her even segregated waste as the collecting trucks and autorickshaws which collect waste from pushcarts hadn't turned up on Tuesday,'' she said.\"At BTM Layout, there's no proper segregation. BBMP doesn't have the will and there's no public support either . Over 25% of buildings are paying guest accommodations while 10%-15 % are commercial complexes. Over 20% are below poverty line people, who have little awareness about solid waste management . The middle and upper middle class households who constitute 30%-40 % don't bother about segregation,'' said A Vidya Shankar, president , Bangalore South Residents' Welfare Association.The contractors have their woes. \"BBMP asked us not to talk to the media as reports hamper dumping at Mandur, the only destination for Bangalore's waste. Rain too is hampering our work. Garbage is being dumped in quarries on the outskirts,'' said a contractor on condition of anonymity.JC Road traders burned uncleared waste because it wasn't lifted for two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16845782", "title": "Afghan's Europe journey cut short", "text": "SURAT: For Mohammad Ismail Muskin, 35, a labourer in Karachi port of Pakistan, journey to reach Europe started in 2006 when he left his native place in Afghanistan. However, his voyage was discontinued when he was spotted on a cargo vessel travelling illegally.Muskin was spotted on cargo vessel MV Paris Trader soon after the ship left from Karachi and has been so far interrogated at three locations, Mundra in Kutch, Mumbai in Maharashtra and Hazira near Surat. The cargo vessel authorities immediately alerted the security agencies of India when they found Muskin, who was hiding in a changing room.On being alerted, Muskin was questioned jointly by coast guard, police and intelligence officials. However, nothing doubtful was found with him and it got clear that he is a labourer.\"To reach Europe, he boarded the ship illegally and was spotted by vessel staff. We questioned him but nothing doubtful was noticed. He is a labourer and he was kept on the vessel. He will be dropped back to Karachi port whenever the vessel reaches there,\" said a police officer.Detailed questioning by the security agencies revealed that Muskin planned to go to Europe to find a way out of poverty and violence. Originally, a resident of Mangwal village of Kunar province in Afghanistan , he left the terror-affected region on Pakistan border in 2006. Along with his wife and two children, Muskin came to Karachi in 2009 and started working on port.He was a labourer at Karachi port and was awaiting a right opportunity to board a Europe-bound vessel. Finally, he got chance to board MV Paris Trader which reached Karachi during end of September. Soon after the vessel left Karachi, Muskin was spotted by the onboard staff and security agencies of India were alerted.The vessel then came to Hazira port to load cargo before leaving for South Africa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843805", "title": "NSG to have cocker spaniels for anti-hijack operations", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Security Guard (NSG) will have a special dog squad for use in anti-hijacking operations in six months time. The special force is training three cocker spaniels for sniffing and attack in aircraft as normal dogs cannot do the job due to their large size.Called aircraft search dogs, the squad will be ready for operation by next year, sources said. It will, however, remain a part of the K9 squad (referring to the canine squad) of the force.An NSG official said, \"We have been training these dogs for the past two-and-a-half years and hope they will be ready for operation in the next six months. The training modules have been changed midway for operational requirements and that is what delayed things a bit.\"Sources said cocker spaniels were chosen for their small size but good agility and sniffing ability. \"Labradors, which are generally used as sniffer dogs, cannot negotiate the narrow spaces in an aircraft and thus cannot be used in an anti-hijack operation. Cocker spaniels, however, have been trained to go under the seats or crawl in narrow spaces to sniff out suspected explosives,\" an officer said.Sources said more such dogs would be added to the squad in time, depending on requirement and the success of the first inductions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16845262", "title": "Inquiry into accident death of school girl", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On the directives of the Allahabad High Court, district magistrate Raj Shekhar ordered a magisterial probe into the death of 14-year-old girl Shubhi Srivastava, a class IX student of St Anthony's Inter College. She was killed when returning home on October 6 in a road accident caused by road construction which is incomplete yet being traversed by commuters.Talking to the Times of India, the district magistrate said he had ordered a magisterial probe by ADM (civil supply) Akhilesh Ojha into the death of the minor girl.He added the Allahabad High court had taken strong note of the death of the minor girl and asked the district authorities to conduct the probe. The death of the girl was attributed to indiscriminate digging of roads in the city and incomplete projects. While the girl and her cousin and younger brother were commuting on a scooter the vehicle slipped accidentally on a layer of crushed stones laid along the road causing her death on the spot and injuries to her cousin.The accident took place on Madan Mohan Malviya Road which is under construction. The two fell on the ground and the girl sustained serious head injuries. She was rushed to a local hospital where the doctors declared her dead on arrival.The DM, however, admitted he had been receiving SMSs from citizens complaining against the condition of roads especially in areas which were in a sorry state. He assured that all roads would be constructed shortly.\"Locals are constantly sending SMSs to me complaining about the terrible condition of roads and I have been replying and assuring them that all roads would be constructed soon,\" said the DM talking to TOI. He said he would be seeking suggestions from masses to improve the condition of the roads during the magisterial probe and all suggestions were welcome\".DM also informed that district authorities too have taken cognizance of the public grievances regarding poor condition of roads and quality of all the roads would be better after construction.Currently, road construction and repair works is being done by authorities concerned and senior administrative officials are checking the quality of construction work frequently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843657", "title": "Temp to drop further in coming days", "text": "NEW DELHI: Some parts of the city received a drizzle on Tuesday morning, courtesy a western disturbance over the western Himalayan region. Once it starts moving eastwards in the next day or so, Delhi, along with other areas in northwest India, can expect a drop in minimum temperatures.Despite a slightly cloudy morning, Tuesday's minimum temperature was only one degree below normal at 19.3 degrees Celsius. The maximum temperature was also a degree below normal at 31.8 degrees Celsius. The coolest areas were Narela and Ayanagar, where the minimum temperature dropped to 16.6 degrees and 16.9 degrees Celsius respectively. The highest minimum, 19.9 degrees Celsius, was recorded at Pitampura.\"Monday evening was pleasant and we finally switched off our AC,\" said Smita Agarwal, Gurgaon resident. \"The WD led to thundery activity over large parts of Punjab, Haryana and Himachal Pradesh between Monday night and Tuesday morning. Many areas in Jammu and Kashmir and some parts of Himachal Pradesh saw rain and snow on Monday. This was due to a western disturbance over the hills. That is expected to move shortly and once the clouds clear, the minimum temperature over northwest India will fall by another couple of degrees,\" said a Met official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16844301", "title": "\u2018Arrested PLFI men planned to collect levy from traders\u2019", "text": "RANCHI: Four persons who were arrested during an operation by security forces on Monday are active members of the People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI). The four, who have since been forwarded to jail, were arrested from a hill near Namkum, about 20 km from the state capital. Suspecting that more PLFI members may be hiding in surrounding jungles, the security forces are continuing their operation in the area.The arrested rebels have been identified as G B Munda, Makchhi Ram Swasi, Sundar Munda and Tas Munda. While G B Munda was active in Khunti, Makchhi, Sundar and Tas were active in Namkum areas.Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh said the PLFI men had taken part at the meeting help atop the hill. \"The rebels have accepted their involvement with the PLFI,\" Singh said.Sources said the rebels were hatching a plan to collect levy from various businessmen and traders in the area. \"It is not yet certain whom the rebels were planning to target for extortion. They arrested men are being interrogated for more information,\" said rural SP A V Minz.A few recent incidents suggest that now the PLFI has started targeting businessmen in the state capital. On September 1 Sushil Kejriwal, a buisinessman, who had refused to pay extortion money was shot dead by PLFI rebels. Three rifles, two pistols, a huge cache of ammunition, mobile phones, PLFI letter pads and levy receipts were recovered from the rebels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843739", "title": "A lot in common between Arvind Kejriwal, Ashok Khemka", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anti-corruption campaigner Arvind Kejriwal and whistleblower Ashok Khemka may have hit the headlines for taking on Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra but they have more in common than just that.Besides the fact that both have become the source of all woes for Vadra and the Congress party, Khemka and Kejriwal have another common link. They both studied at the Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur and passed out in 1989.While Kejriwal studied mechanical engineering, Khemka opted for computer engineering at the institute. It is unclear if they knew each other but it is a happy coincidence that the two shared four years of their formative years at the premier tech campus.While both opted for the civil services, their paths to government service were different. Khemka is a 1991 batch IAS officer while Kejriwal was selected for the Indian Revenue Service in 1992. However, both have had a rocky relationship with the establishment.Kejriwal resigned from his position in the income tax department but was forced to fight a battle over his alleged \"dues\" that he owed the government while Khemka has been shunted around no less than 43 times in the last 19 years of service.Another minor coincidence is that the two have the same initials \u2014 AK -- and have a Haryana connection. Khemka is from the Haryana cadre while Kejriwal was born in Hisar.While Kejriwal has been attempting to make a dent in Delhi politics and hopes to create a credible alternative for the 2013 assembly elections, Khemka has been working to get posted to Delhi. According to a senior bureaucrat, Khemka was having problems in Haryana and wanted a transfer to Delhi.The immediate link that has made them comrades-in-arm is their common target \u2014 Vadra. Kejriwal, along with India Against Corruption member Prashant Bhushan, has alleged that Vadra's companies received favours from Haryana government and realty major DLF through land deals in the last four years. Khemka, in the last few days, initiated a probe and cancelled Vadra's Manesar land deal after which he was promptly transferred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843697", "title": "Work on underground Lajpat Nagar station to start in Nov", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you thought negotiating traffic at the Lajpat Nagar central market was tough, brace yourself for an obstacle course when Delhi Metro starts work on its brand-new station in the area. Part of the Mukundpur-Shiv Vihar corridor of Phase III, the new underground station will be perpendicular to the existing one, which abuts the Lala Lajpat Rai Marg. Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) aims to start work on the site from November.\"We have submitted a preliminary traffic plan to the police, which will finalize it before the construction starts,\" said a Delhi Metro spokesperson.With the Metro planning to take over almost 500m along Feroze Gandhi Marg - which is the main road in front of the mall and police station - it's not surprising that a vigorous traffic plan needs to be implemented in the market. Already a traffic nightmare, both Feroze Gandhi Marg and Veer Savarkar Marg parallel to it, are one-way streets at the moment.The new station will be an interchange station, and one of the numerous stations that Delhi Metro has lined up near popular markets. Providing connectivity with all major markets - Sarojini Nagar, INA, South Extension, etc - the Lajpat Nagar station will also bring south Delhi closer to east and west Delhi.To be located 18m deep, the station will have three entry and exit points: one from the existing Metro station and two others from outside. The station, which will be 265m long with an additional 180m for cross-over of trains, will be along three levels - ground, concourse and platform. DMRC officials say preliminary work on the station has already started with the site office being set up along with barricades. The construction is expected to be completed by early 2016.The corridor will run from South Extension, and then through Defense Colony, where it will be going underground through residential areas, including the main drain. Here, it will go almost 20m down. According to Delhi Metro, construction of the station will be challenging as the area before and after the locality is a mix of rocky and soft soil terrain. \"We will use a mix-tunnel boring machine, which can be used on either terrain. Using the machine in such areas is a challenge, as it's a delicate balance of speed and pressure,' said the spokesperson.Delhi Metro proposes to shift the parking to the middle of Feroze Gandhi Marg, while making Veer Savarkar a two-way street. It will also keep the Shaheed Mohan Dutta Marg, located along the drain running beside block B, clear for traffic. Traffic restrictions are expected to be in place till mid-2015. DMRC will restore the road once construction has been completed, with only the entry to the station being visible above ground.Satyender Garg, joint CP (traffic), said, \"The plan was submitted very recently and we still have to study it. We will implement the traffic plan only after we studying all the options.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843766", "title": "Kudankulam N-plant fully safe to be commissioned: Centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Atomic Energy Regulatory Body (AERB) on Tuesday told the Supreme Court that Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project (KNPP) had undergone stringent safety scrutiny by experts before being given permission to undertake staged operations towards full commissioning.Attorney general G E Vahanvati said the 17 post-Fukushima safety requirements highlighted as pre-conditions for operation of KNPP was not advocated by AERB but by project operator Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd (NPCIL) and that these were understood to be implemented in a phased condition.He informed a bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra that AERB had evaluated the safety measures in place at the project and had given permission for initial fuel loading and then for the first approach towards criticality (FAC) after reviewing and resolving various issues and safety measures at the plant.The bench asked the AG to give a time schedule for the plant to achieve full criticality after he showed documents to inform the court that the petitioner had sought implementation of the 17 safety measures on a wrong assumption that these were pre-conditions for making the plant operational.Vahanvati said, \"An alarmist argument was made that certain pre-conditions which at every stage was set as a pre-condition had now been pushed out.\"Referring to the previous AERB affidavit, he said, \"They (AERB) had only said satisfy us that all 17 steps are set in motion. It was only after all conditions were set in motion that the plant was given permission to load fuel.\"He pointed out that KNPP was the latest generation power plant having advanced safety features. The AG, who will continue his arguments on Wednesday, indicated that not just the 17 measures, but every safety issue concerning the plant had a short-term and a long-term component, based on the procurement and implementation, and was taken up and discussed by the Advisory Committee for Project Safety Review on regular intervals with the plant operator, which is a continuing process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16844292", "title": "Plea to hand over Sainik Rest House in Danapur to Army", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Ex-Servicemen League president Col (retd) VK Singh has demanded Sainik Rest House, located at Danapur cantonment, be handed over to Bihar, Jharkhand Army sub area headquarters immediately.The rest house, which was built with the help of public donations and defence ministry aid, is lying in a shambles under possession of Bihar State Citizen Council.The council was formed after Sino-India war in 1962 with an aim to render welfare services to Army men either serving or retired ones in the state.The Bihar government had then provided 1.75 acres of land in Patna to build a separate complex for Army men.The defence ministry had given a monetary assistance of Rs 3.5 lakh to build the complex, which was later renamed as sainik rest house by the then union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee in March 31, 1984. The complex came into existence after 22 years.Col Singh said the condition of ex-servicemen in Bihar is pathetic even after 50 years of Sino-India war.\"Welfare work for these brave-hearts is still being denied by the Bihar government.President Mukherjee, while inaugurating the rest house in 1984, had said it would be handed over to the Army. But it is still with state citizen council,\" he said.He further, \"A large number of people from Bihar have been serving in the armed forces. Out of which thousands of them are ex-servicemen who are yet to get proper facilities like housing and medical.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16847459", "title": "DJ Sanjay Dutta makes everyone groove", "text": "When the master of house music, DJ Sanjay Dutta is on the move, its expected people will groove. The Kolkata lad had everyone going crazy when he performed at The Blue Blazer, Sector 26 recently. \"I script a journey through my music, trying to create a story which depicts various phases of mind,\" said Dutta.A multi-hued creative setup at one of the gazebos in outer Cabana area had everyone going gaga. Amid pink and white balloons, the place was designed to mark the birthday of Pahull Bains, MD Ganeev Bains' sister. The eclectic music and upholstery added to the grace.Blue Blazer is all set to host more swell bashes, like the upcoming one on October 27. \"We are coming up with Blue Blazer Wicked White Night where a DJ duo from Australia will perform,\" said Ganeev adding about the others, \"Let there be some secret.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16843912", "title": "Non-bailable charges against gang of cons", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP Special Task Force on Tuesday pressed stringent charges on 28 gang members arrested on Monday for allegedly cheating people with promise of mobile tower installation. The members of the gang have been sent to jail on judicial remand with non-bailable charges under various sections of the Indian Penal Code, including 420 (cheating), 467 (forgery of valuable security), 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating) and 471 (using a forged document as genuine). Meanwhile, some more complainants approached STF on Tuesday to register similar complaints.Cases against the accused have been registered under IPC sections of The police will probe the role of bank employees as well as other parties involved in the case. If proven guilty, the accused individuals, most of them in the 25 to 30 age group, will be in jail for a minimum period of seven years. Most of the arrested (18 boys and 10 girls) are graduates and from lower middle class families who got into this business to make quick money.Ashutosh Prasad and Arvind Kumar Verma hired young and ambitious people who were encouraged to dupe innocent persons. Offering most of the workforce, a fixed monthly salary of Rs 10,000, the incentive programme was such the gang members used to put all their energy into duping anyone who called on phone call in response to newspaper advertisements asking for space to install a telecom company tower.Senior superintendent of police Special Task Force Amit Pathak said, \"We will ensure a strong message goes out to discourage such activities.\" after having questioned all those who were present at the five houses that were raided on Monday STF arrested 28 persons who were knowingly contributing to the illicit activities carried out by Prasad and Verma. The Eta police, under whose jurisdiction the case was filed on September 10, also questioned the accused members of the gang on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16843695", "title": "Ranthambore, Sariska to open today", "text": "JAIPUR: It could not have been better than this. With festive season around, it was a gift of sorts for many a tourist in the state as the Supreme Court on Tuesday lifted the ban on tiger tourism in reserves across the country. The court has now allowed tourism in 20% of the core area of tiger reserves.Rajasthan was the worst hit after the ban was imposed on tourism in the core areas of tiger reserves. The two reserves in the state -- Ranthambhore National Park and the Sariska National Park -- normally open for tourists from October 1. However, due to the ban this year, the parks had to remain closed, turning away many as the tourist zones in these parks lie mostly in core areas. Now, both will open on Wednesday.Minutes after the Supreme Court order, minister for tourism and forests Bina Kak said: \"The parks will be opened for tourists from tomorrow morning. But before that I will issue strict orders to all field directors and the PCCFs to strictly adhere to the new guidelines of the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA). Under no circumstances should any compromise be made.\"The new eco-tourism guidelines has brought in some changes but sources said that the two tiger reserves in the state will not be affected much. \"The Ranthambore National Park is the major tourist puller in Rajasthan. But in this park, from the beginning, we have been using much less area than that. In fact, currently the tourist zones cover just 12% of the core area. So none of the routes will be affected,\" an official said.However, it does not mean that new routes or facilities will be opened as the new guidelines has imposed a total ban on opening of new routes or facilities.Even the carrying capacity of Ranthambore will remain the same, sources said. \"At any given time, we have a maximum number of 40 vehicles in the park and that is what the carrying capacity of the park is. Therefore there will not be cutting down of the number of vehicles too,\" said an official.In fact, many states had differed with the NTCA on the issue of the carrying-capacity of the reserve. The original guidelines had sought to calculate the carrying capacity of the park with the help of a mathematical formula but the states felt that since each park differs from the other, its calculation should be left to individual states. The guidelines were later changed. Changes were also made in the guidelines after the NTCA had earlier sought that tourists should not be allowed in places where villages have been relocated to make place for tigers in the reserves.The lifting of the ban was received with much cheer in Ranthambore where most hotels seeing many cancellations after the ban. \"The Supreme Court is very right in stating that each state must have its own tiger conservation plan and get it approved by the NTCA within 6 months which is very much right rather than having it the other way around,\" said Balendu Singh, honorary wildlife warden, Ranthambore and former president of the Hotel Owners' Association, Sawai Madhopur.However, it will take at least till the end of the week for tourism to pick up in Ranthambore. \"Anyone visiting here would feel that it is an off-season. We have 18 rooms but just one family is currently staying with us. It has been a huge loss for most suppliers and individuals here and we plan to talk it out with the state government on ways of helping us recover it. But now we will spread the word around to travel agents and by the weekend hopefully things will be back to normal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16844032", "title": "New slab to make power costlier for big consumers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Consuming more than 500 units of electricity is likely to cost more in the days to come. The UP Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) is working on a plan to introduce a new slab of 500 units in the new tariff structure which is likely to be notified within a week.Until now the 200-unit mark is what decides the differential tariff structure. Below 200 units, a consumer is charged at the rate of Rs 3.45 per unit, while above that a consumer has to shell out Rs 3.80 per unit. Under the new arrangement, the commission may impose an additional 20 paise on each unit consumed above 500 unit in a month.So, the consumer coming under this slab will end up paying at the rate of Rs 4 per unit.While commission officials refused to say anything on record, sources said that the members were examining the possibilities of introducing the new slab which may not only restrict consumers from using excessive power but also help the UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) to fill up its depleting coffers, at least to some extent.Otherwise, the commission, in all possibility, will not allow enhancement of power tariff on consumption of power below 500 units. UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, too, while addressing various public forums had been committal of not allowing any raise in power tariff for domestic consumers. The corporation, in its annual revenue requirement (ARR), filed with the commission, did not say anything on domestic power tariff. However, the UPPCL, after facing a massive revenue crunch, had been coming up with one or the other measures that made for new sources of revenue. The Corporation recently sought application of energy duty on the fixed charge besides the energy charge. This, however, has been resisted by the commission which has saying that the move was not in conformity with the rules governing the tariff structure.The new tariff structure had taken a controversial turn after the UPPCL pressed the commission to declare the tariff as soon as possible.Taken by surprise, the commission, after shrugging off the direction, decided to go by its own schedule time by following the due course that also involves public hearing and other section of consumers who would be affected by the new tariff regime.The industrial sector is likely to be most affected by the new tariff structure with the UPPCL seeking a raise of around 30% on existing tariff structure. In fact, the industrial sector happens to be major source of revenue for the UPPCL which gets nearly half of the monthly revenue from the existing industries in the state. Accordingly, the duration of power supply to the industrial areas happens to be more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843444", "title": "India Against Corruption office emerges as mecca for all causes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Barely a week after anti-graft campaigners Arvind Kejriwal and Prashant Bhushan took on the most powerful political family in the country, India Against Corruption's (IAC) modest office at Kaushambi, Ghaziabad, has become a mecca for all causes. Whether it is Haryana farmers, IIT students or NCERT employees, there is an endless line of people who are hopeful that their demands will be highlighted by Kejriwal. Some others are joining forces because anti-corruption has proved to be a unifying factor despite intellectual, social or political differences.For instance, Bharatiya Kisan Union (BKU) state president Sardar Gurnam Singh has joined forces with Kejriwal to mobilize farmers in support of the anti-corruption movement. Singh is planning a rally in February, and is expecting a crowd of 20,000. ''We have realized that politicians have destroyed the farmer and unless we raise our voice, the farmer will continue to suffer,'' he said.Singh said that inflation has increased by 100% but farmers' incomes had only increased by 17% in the last 60 years. ''Almost 65% of the population is dependent on agriculture, but the government still does not have a clear policy,'' he said.Singh's mobilization and IAC's first salvo against Congress chief Robert Vadra's land acquisition has won him great support from farmers in Gurgaon and Manesar. The farmers, who also appeared as witnesses at the October 6 press conference, claim that their land had been acquired through deceitful means by the Haryana government and plan to organize a mahapanchayat on October 30 to expose the state.Then, there are NCERT employees, who have invited Kejriwal to highlight corruption in the organization. NCERT employee and president of the NCERT staff coordination committee Ved Prakash said, ''We have invited Arvindji to come and see how we are being victimized for talking about corruption in our organization.'' Prakash claimed that 19 staff members had been suspended three months ago for complaining against the NCERT chief to the CVC.Students from Delhi and across the country have been approaching IAC volunteering their time. Now, IAC plans to organize them in to district and state committees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16844065", "title": "Jharkhand police plans to recruit surrendered Maoists", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand government plans to recruit surrendered Maoist cadres in the state police. For this, the state's surrender policy for rebels is likely to be amended.Jharkhand IG and police spokesperson S N Pradhan said the government is working on the amendment to ensure better rehabilitation of surrendered rebels.\"If the person is physically fit, meets all the eligibility criteria and has no criminal case against him/her then we can recruit them in the police force as constable,\" said Pradhan.Recently, a woman Maoist cadre surrendered in Ramgarh district. She has no cases pending against her though she was active in the outlawed organisation. \"If she wants to join the police, we will consider her case and allow her recruitment after proper scrutiny,\" said Pradhan.Jharkhand Police Association president Akhilesh Pandey welcomed the move. \"We know it is very difficult for anyone to have faith on surrendered Maoists, but we have no option. We cannot rule out the possibility of some of them deceiving us either. Yet, I hope the result will be encouraging,\" said Pandey.The government also plans to emulate West Bengal and give concessions in physical standard for youth from Maoist-hit areas to help them join the police.\"We will request the Centre to allow some concession for youth in some districts for recruitment in the police as constables. The concession will be limited to the youth from specific blocks,\" said Pradhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16847978", "title": "Cow's milk protects against HIV: Study", "text": "MELBOURNE: Cow's milk can be potentially developed into affordable creams that can help protect humans against HIV, a study has claimed.Lead scientist from University of Melbourne Marit Kramski found that when pregnant cows were vaccinated with an HIV protein, the first milk produced by the cow after giving birth, called colostrum, produced high antibodies to protect its newborn against disease.Researchers were now planning to test the effectiveness and safety of the milk before turning it into a cream which will hopefully allow women to protect themselves against contracting the virus during sex, without relying on men, the Herald Sun reported.However, the final result could be a decade off. The researchers were able to inhibit the virus from infecting cells when combing the virus cells with milk.\"We think the antibodies bind to the surface of the virus and blocks the protein which needs to be freed to get in contact with human cells - like a key and lock system. If the key's not accessible or you change the key, you can't open the door,\" Kramski said adding \"It's a very cheap and easy way to produce a lot of antibodies.\"Kramski had partnered with Australian biotechnology company Immuron Ltd to develop the milk, and would continue working with them to produce a preventative cream.\"We have the antibodies at the moment - the next step will be formulation,\" Kramski said.Condoms were \"cheap and easy\" but not an option for everyone with millions of people getting infected with HIV every year, she added.\"A lot of women, especially in Africa or South America they don't have the power to say you need to use a condom before we have sex.\"This milk looks like it can be a cheap, easy new prevention tool, because if you use drugs it's really expensive,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "cape town", "code": "16848046", "title": "It's always good to beat IPL sides: McKenzie", "text": "CAPE TOWN: Back-to-back wins over two star-studded Indian Premier League teams -- Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings -- have made the Highveld Lions a force to reckon with in the ongoing Champions League Twenty20 , feels Neil McKenzie .After getting the better of defending CLT20 champions Mumbai Indians in their first match, the South African outfit stunned Chennai Super Kings by six wickets at Newlands on Tuesday.\"It's always good to beat the IPL sides or any side for that matter. All the teams that are here are the champions in their own countries. So, we knew every game's going to be a tough game. People have taken us in (after the two wins) and there's a lot of support for us,\" McKenzie said.The Lions' produced a thoroughly commendable performance on Tuesday as they chased down Chennai's 158/6 with three balls to spare and that too against a quality seam attack in Doug Bollinger , Ben Hilfenhaus and Albie Morkel.\"It's always tough to come to Cape Town's coastal wicket and chase. But we bowled up front to make early inroads and then backed it up with our batting,\" McKenzie said.\"The two Aussies in CSK (Bollinger and Hilfenhaus) bowled incredibly well against us up front, put us under pressure and we've seen in this tournament so far that losing early wickets in the first six overs is critical. But we managed to get over the line. All credit to the boys; they all came good,\" he added.McKenzie is also delighted to carry forward the winning momentum.\"Yes, the good thing for us is that we've maintained the winning attitude. The last time, we did beat the Mumbai Indians and lost our next game and had to depend on the net run-rate to get into the next round. So, it was nice to maintain that winning momentum this time in this game,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16845259", "title": "Babus may head water resources dept", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after chief minister Prithviraj Chavan shifted controversial water resources secretary Devendra Shirke and replaced him with IAS officer V Giriraj, now there is a move to appoint senior bureaucrats to head water resources and public works departments (PWDs), both controlled by the NCP.\"We feel both water resources and the PWD are under the public scanner, since the heads of the crucial departments failed to curb malpractices. Under such circumstances, it was felt that IAS officers should be entrusted with the responsibility. Chavan will consult senior NCP leaders on the proposal before taking a final decision,'' a senior bureaucrat told ToI on Tuesday.Following charges of irregularities, uncalled for cost escalation and rampant corruption in allotment of contracts for key irrigation projects in the Vidarbha region, Chavan had on October 6 ordered a probe against 45 engineers, including Shirke, who was executive director of the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation between 2007 and 2009. According to reports, maximum cost escalation was witnessed during the tenure of Shirke, a trusted aide of the then deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. There was no response from Shirke, who is waiting for a new assignment.On the present staffing pattern of the water resources department, the bureaucrat said, it has two secretaries and both are from the department itself and in the PWD too, it's an identical situation. At a juncture when the heads of the department were unable to cleanse the department and take hard decisions, it was felt that senior bureaucrats should be entrusted with the responsibility to administer the two departments. It was observed that since the present head of the department come from the rank and file and are unable to incur the displeasure of the cabinet minister, as a result, irregularities were on the rise. In case of the irrigation department it was observed that at no stage either the secretary or the executive director of the corporation ever opposed uncalled for cost escalation. An IAS officer can't do a miracle, but still there is faith in the IAS. \"Notwithstanding the fact that a section of IAS officers are involved in one or other controversy, the IAS has stood the test of time,'' the bureaucrat said.The bureaucrat said for the first time a senior IAS officer was appointed to head the Food and Drug Administration in 1988 in the wake of stringent criticism by the Lentin commission, which probed into the death of 14 persons following administration of contaminated glycerol. \"Till 1988, FDA was headed by a departmental person. The commission recommended appointment of an IAS or IPS officer to cleanse FDA. Accordingly, a senior IAS officer was appointed and since then no one has regretted the decision,'' he said.Further, the bureaucrat said all the subsidiaries of the Maharashtra State Electricity Board, after it was disbanded six years ago, are headed by an IAS officer, while even the Maharashtra State Development Corporation too is headed by a bureaucrat. \"IAS officers are trained to tackle any kind of eventuality and emergency, as such, we feel that it's high time that technocrats in the irrigation and PWDs are replaced by bureaucrats,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16844024", "title": "UP govt in favour of lifting ban on SIMI, says Ahmed Hasan", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh government is not in favour of continuing the ban on Student's Islamic Movement of India (SIMI), an organization prohibited for its alleged involvement in terror-related activities.Senior Samajwadi Party leader and UP's health minister Ahmed Hasan said here on Tuesday that the state government would be happy if the ban on SIMI was lifted.\"We have not seen any activity of SIMI in the last six years. So we are not in favour of banning it any further,\" the minister said at a function held at Sahkarita Bhawan here on Tuesday. The state government has written to the Centre in this regard, he added.\"The Mayawati government wrote to the Centre over and over again during five years of its rule that the ban should continue. Her government also implicated the youths of Sanjarpur village in Azamgarh in false cases. But we don't see any reason to ban SIMI,\" Hasan said.An association of Muslim students, SIMI was first banned by the Central government on September 11, 2001. A special tribunal of the Delhi High Court in February 2012 extended the ban till 2013. As per the Indian intelligence agencies, Indian Mujahideen (IM) is an offshoot of SIMI, which has been actively involved in most of the terror attacks that the country has faced in the past decade. There are over two dozen Muslim youths from UP who are either lodged in jail or absconding for fear of arrest after being branded as active IM members.This was not the first time that SP had expressed its desire to lift the ban on SIMI almost 11 years ago. Just after the NDA government banned the organization in 2001, the present chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, who was then an MP, promised that his party would whatever it takes to lift the ban when it came to power in UP.SP had already said before the 2012 assembly polls that there were innocent Muslim youths of UP who were either killed or jailed and he wanted to correct the mistakes. This was also a poll promise made in election manifesto of the SP.With the SP supporting the UPA at the Centre, the issue is sure to put the union government in a tight spot. With the SP leaders airing views contradictory to the Congress in terms of ban over SIMIMeanwhile, Shahid Badra Falahi, the founder president of SIMI, has termed the Hasan's statement a political statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16843014", "title": "P Shankar Rao resurfaces, faints at DGP office", "text": "HYDERABAD: High drama prevailed at the AP Police headquarters for about 30 minutes on Tuesday night when Cantonment MLA P Shankar Rao, who remained 'untraceble' for the past three days, suddenly surfaced and dared police to arrest him. After talking to media personnel for about 20 minutes, Shankar Rao suddenly fainted and he was rushed to a nearby corporate hospital.Around 8.30 pm, Shankar Rao along with his family members landed at the AP Police headquarters ( DGP office) gate and started briefing reporters, who were already present there.The MLA claimed that he had gone out of the city to offer prayers at a temple and it was totally wrong to say that he was absconding. \"Have I committed any crime? Why will I abscond? The allegations made against me by various people are totally false and I have evidence to prove the same. I am a dalit tiger not a cat,\" he thundered.On Saturday, under the supervision of Alwal ACP Ganesh Reddy, the Neredmet police had visited the former minister's house in Musheerabad to question him in the Green Field land encroachment case. However, as the MLA was not at home, the police officials had to return without accomplishing their mission.The Congress MLA alleged that police behaved in a rude manner with his family. \"Police did not allow doctors to attend on my wife, who complained of chest pain, during their visit. Some important documents went missing after police visited my house and I will lodge a criminal complaint,\" the MLA added. Claiming to be a crusader against corruption, Shankar Rao alleged that he was being targeted by certain political leaders due to his relentless anti-corruption activities. \"I respect the law and truth will come out very soon,\" the former minister said.A little later, he suddenly fainted and his supporters rushed him to Care hospital in Banjara Hills. He is said to be recovering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16843778", "title": "SCs/STs need minimum marks to qualify in exams: HC", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Tuesday held that candidates belonging to Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes will have to secure minimum qualifying marks in the compulsory subjects during written test of a competitive examination for filling up backlog vacancies in the state government departments. The court dismissed a petition which challenged this rule of the state government.The state government had issued an advertisement in September 2008 for filling up vacancies under the Rajasthan Subordinate Accounts Service Rules, 1963.The petition was filed by some candidates from ST who did not get the minimum qualifying marks.In a reply, the state government had claimed that rule number - 22 of the Rajasthan Subordinate Accounts Service Rules, 1963 (that makes to obtain minimum qualifying marks necessary) has been in existence for the past 50 years and all the recruitments were carried out following this rule over this period.The state government claimed that the petitioners cannot challenge this rule. After hearing both sides, court dismissed the petition on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16844701", "title": "Durga Puja mandals a mix of rituals and socio-cultural events", "text": "NAGPUR: In Navratri, it's much more than rituals and traditions for the numerous Durga mandals of the city. What attracts the devout here are cultural events which form a part of the festivities.Durga devotees make it a point to visit the mandal in Abhyankar Nagar. \"This is the 25th year,\" says Vikas Thakre the leader of opposition in NMC and the organizer. \"We wanted to do something different than the orchestra programmes being held during Durga puja for last two decades,\" said Thakre. \"Nishchal Kanetkar an artist who was part of our group suggested that we should create temple replicas every year.\"On a budget of Rs20 lakh this year, the mandal has refrained from sponsorships. \"We don't allow banners or sponsors and all the money is contributed by our members,\" said the corporator adding, \"For 25 years this event has been going on without any obstacle. Durga maa ensures that this goes off smoothly.\"The organizers of Ambadevi Hilltop Durga Utsav on the contrary believe in a star presence. \"The unique activity in our pandal is the aarti performed on the ashtami by 5,000 women ,\" says Parinay Fuke, the organizer of the event. The 100ft high pandal is made to look like Mysore Palace. The mandal invites celebrities who visit various dandiya events taking place in the city at this time.\"Our main purpose is to make this event a meeting point for the people who reside in this neighbourhood,\" said Prasanna Mohile, president of Rani Laxmibai Durga Utsav mandal. With a slew of cultural events which will be the major attraction for the devotees, this event is truly market driven with a host of sponsors backing it. Geet Ramayan, bhajan sandhya and a musical programme based on songs from Rajesh Khanna's films, make this one an out and out community get-together.Counted among the best, the Durga pandal at the Maruti ground in Laxmi Nagar is set up by the Brahmakumari ashram. \"Ours is a live jhanki and unmarried girls aged between 18 and 20 years are dressed to look like nine different forms of Durga,\" said Dr Hargovind Murarka, the organizer. An exhibition of spiritual and philosophical literature also forms a part of this pandal. \"We use this opportunity to spread the philosophy of Brahmakumari cult. A Tapsya Kuti is also built which serves as a meditation centre,\" said Murarka.Propelled by personal faith, the Star Durga Puja Utsav at Ajni square has an 11ft tall idol of the goddess. \"Havan, aarti and prasad distribution and a jagaran on ashtami are the highlights of our mandal,\" said corporator Munna Yadav, the organizer of this mandal. \"I have personally gained a lot since we started this event 13 years ago and now there are thousands who visit our pandal,\" he said.For Ramdaspeth Durga Utsav mandal there is a cause associated with the festivities. \"There are lots of slums around this area. We are organizing a heart check-up camp here to help the poor,\" said Vijay Talewar whose family has been associated with the mandal for 64 years. \"We have invited a team of medicos from Pune who will be conducting this medical camp,\" he said and added, \"Besides this, a competition of devotional songs has also been scheduled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16845876", "title": "Girl killed in accident", "text": "KOCHI: A 14-year-old girl was killed when a speeding private bus knocked down her at Ezhupunna in Aroor police station limits on Tuesday.Kuthiyathodu circle inspector P Sivankutty identified the deceased as Rajani, daughter of Raveendran,Thekke Chakkanattu house. The accident took place around 8 am, when she was going to a tuition class. The bus was plying between Ernakulam and Kumbalangi.Police said the bus crew fled the scene soon after the accident. Irate local residents attacked and damaged the bus. Police later dispersed the crowd.The girl's body was handed over to relatives after a post-mortem examination. She was a student St Raphaels High School in Ezhupunna. Police said they had arrested the bus driver.Musical evening : The students of Government Model Engineering College (MEC), Thrikkakara, is organizing a musical concert, Yeh Shaam Mastani, in remembrance of Rajesh Khanna.The revenue generated from the event would be used to support the family of a non-teaching staff member of the college, Andrews A V, who had passed away in July.Andrews's family was solely dependent on him. The collection from the programme would be utilized to construct a house for the family, and also to fund the education of Andrews's son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16845890", "title": "Staff crunch sinks boat service plans", "text": "KOCHI: Staff shortage has wrecked the passenger-cum-tourist boat service planned by the state water transport department (SWTD) in Kochi. Following the successful introduction of this system in Alappuzha, SWTD decided to introduce this model in Kochi.Sources said SWTD planned to use two double-decker boats, which it has in Kochi, to target tourists. It requires an additional crew of 15 for each shift to operate this service. At present, there are 130 sanctioned posts, including office staff, in Kochi. This is sufficient to operate only eight boats.\"It won't be possible to begin this service if the government is not ready to create additional posts. If the government agrees, it is possible to appoint a crew on daily wage basis for the purpose,\" said a SWTD official.The department was hoping to earn some additional revenue by introducing the service. The move was also expected to provide relief to tourists as private boats are charging Rs 200 to Rs 300 per person. \"Our plan was to charge only Rs 50 per person. It was planned that the boat would visit places such as Fort Kochi, Vypeen and Mattancherry,\" said an official.\"We got a good response in Alappuzha, where it was introduced after much publicity. The fare for the upper deck was Rs 50, while the same for the lower deck was Rs 25. The average daily collection of this service is over Rs 10,000,\"he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16844838", "title": "Four class 8 boys assault 12-year-old girl", "text": "COIMBATORE: Four class 8 students at Perumalpudur panchayat union middle school near Madathukulam in Tirupur district, were arrested on Monday evening for misbehaving with a class 6 girl last Friday.Police said the four students aged about 13, hailing from Perumalpudur were playing at the school campus on October 12. Around 3.45 pm, a 12-year-old girl of the same school had gone to her classroom to pick up her school bag. When she came out of the classroom, there were injuries all over her body and her dress was torn.She was crying and approached the school head master M Martin Kirubanandhan (52) and lodged a complaint that four students from class VIII assaulted her and tore her dress.Immediately Martin conducted an enquiry with the students who apologized to the victim. \"The culprits apologized to the victim and the matter was settled amicably. However, relatives of the girl conducted a protest on the school campus,\" said Martin.On Monday morning as many as 200 persons gathered inside the school campus and conducted a protest. They demanded action against the four students who misbehaved with the girl. The Komaralingam police tried to pacify the victim's family. But the relatives insisted that the headmaster file a complaint in this matter.Based on their demand, headmaster Martin lodged a complaint with Komaralingam police station on Monday evening and the police registered a case against the four minor students under section 354(assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty) and 506 (i) (criminal intimidation) of IPC. The four boys were arrested and have been lodged at the observation home at Coimbatore city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16846253", "title": "Burglary at forex firm was well thought out, say cops", "text": "NASHIK: The city police is clueless about the burglary of foreign currency worth Rs 32 lakh that was discovered on Monday.A day after the burglary at a branch of the foreign exchange company Centrum Finance Ltd, the city police said that separate investigation teams had been formed to nab the culprits involved in the break-in on Monday.DCP Sahebrao Patil said, \"The break-in at Centrum Finance Ltd was not a regular one, it was and planned. The burglars were well aware about the foreign currency and apparently must have also been aware of where the foreign currency could be encashed safely without suspicion. Nonetheless, we are putting in our best efforts to nab the culprits.\"The DCP further said that that prima facie nearly three to four burglars had been involved in the operation.The burglary which had occurred on Monday had left several shocked considering that the branch that was burgled is only a few meters away from the commissioner's office.Unidentified burglars had entered the office sometime between Saturday evening and Monday morning and made away with a 40kg safe containing foreign currencies of 10 countries.Patil said that despite repeated appeals to various establishments about installing close circuit television cameras (CCTV) and security personnel, many commercial establishments are neglecting the importance of having adequate security.Management at Centrum Finance Ltd had not installed a CCTV network or deployed security personnel. The shutter, too, was without a central locking system \u2014 a minimal security feature for a firm dealing in finance, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843659", "title": "Ours is a peaceful N-programme: Iran", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the European Union (EU) slapped further sanctions on Iran's gas, oil and maritime sectors for its nuclear programme, Tehran declared there was an \"easy solution\" to the nuclear dispute.Seyyed Abbas Araghchi, Iran's deputy foreign minister, said all Iran wants is a Western \"recognition\". \"We want them (the West) to recognize our right to a peaceful nuclear programme under the NPT. If they just say this, we would agree to a settlement,\" the Iranian functionary said. The longer \"they\" delay a settlement, he added, the closer Iran would get to acquiring a complete nuclear programme. Araghchi is in India for the 10th round of strategic dialogue with foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai.India continues to source oil from Iran, though over 40% less than earlier. The bulk of Indian payments in rupees are routed through Turkey, which might be stopped if a new set of sanctions currently being debated in the US kick in. New Delhi wants to use the rupee payments to pay for the development of Iran's Chahbahar port, which could connect Afghanistan and Central Asia to India.The Iranian stand on their nuclear ambitions, which appear to have mellowed, came as EU tightened their sanctions on Tehran. On Monday, the EU put in place stricter measures targeting Iran's banking, trade and energy sectors. EU has also placed an embargo on Iranian oil, petrochemicals and natural gas. EU ships or tankers can no longer carry Iranian crude.Under the NPT, Iran has the right to nuclear energy, but it has to be more transparent with its nuclear programme. The trouble, say analysts here, is Iran is yet to suitably convince the IAEA or the international community that its programme is peaceful. The discovery of new Iranian nuclear sites, like Fordow, has done nothing to reassure anybody. However, the latest IAEA report on Iran's nuclear activities is sobering.India opposes Iran's nuclear programme, and believes it could trigger Tehran's regional rival, Saudi Arabia, to seek nuclear weapons as well, followed by, perhaps Egypt and Turkey. Despite this, India is loathe to join a US-EU led sanctions regime, believing it to only hurt ordinary Iranians, while strengthening the regime. Araghchi reiterated that nuclear weapons did not form part of Iran's strategic calculations, even citing a fatwa against nuclear weapons by their Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.Araghchi, however, maintained that the Iranian nuclear programme was alive and doing well. Analysts here tracking the Iranian nuclear programme say, there is no clarity for the international community regarding the activities in Fordow or Parchin, a military site. Iran maintains the latter is a non-nuclear military site.But the sanctions are hurting. Araghchi admitted they have been \"costly\" for Iran. \"But they have not been able to make us give up our right (to a nuclear programme). Western sanctions have made things difficult for Iran, but we have turned them into opportunities. We have discovered new means to deal with each other.\" Last week, Iran's currency tanked, leading to popular protests, which happened for the first time. The authorities brought out the riot police, but Western nations regarded it as a vindication of their policies.On the question of whether Iran was concerned about Western/Israeli military strikes on their nuclear sites, Araghchi rejected it, saying the nuclear sites were widely dispersed and no outsider had a clear idea of their location. He also trashed Israel's military threat pointing to what he called Israel's \"vulnerabilities\". \"They may start a war with Iran, but they will not finish the war. The gates of hell would open,\" he added dramatically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16844735", "title": "Maharashtra govt should popularize homoeopathy, says Dr Patel", "text": "NAGPUR: Though the government has started giving more importance to alternative therapies, practitioners of these therapies believe efforts leave much to be desired. One such medico is Dr Manoj Patel, a homoeopath from Mumbai who was the chief co-ordinator in implementation of Government of India's department of AYUSH ( Ayurveda , Yog and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy) project at Vadodara district of Gujarat. He has also been awarded as the best homoeopathic doctor in 2005-06.Dr Patel was in the city recently for a seminar organized by city unit of Homoeopathic Medical Association of India. He also delivered a public lecture during the seminar that spoke about homoeopathy's dynamic method of treatment. Excerpts from a discussion he had with TOI.Tell us something about homoeopathy.This is a 250-year-old science based on enhancing nature's healing power and takes into consideration the living pattern and environmental conditioning of patients. It believes in making the body so strong that there arises no adverse condition. So, we have several preventive medications, too.Are there any similarities between homeopathy and modern medicine?Even at that point of time, our founding fathers spoke about things like genetics and individualized therapy that science has just brought into vogue. We have documented cases where malaria, dengue and certain chronic ailments have been treated through homoeopathy. In fact, diseases like diabetes, measles, SARS and many types of flu can be prevented through homoeopathy.How popular is this therapy?Thirty percent people in Europe consult homoeopaths. In Meghalaya, 70% population is served by us. It is most popular in larger communities. I believe it is the community that presses the demand of any system of medicine.How can homoeopathy help improve country's healthcare system?It can be the most cost-effective healing system, especially useful in villages. As a homoeopathy does not need too much equipment, it has proved very helpful in difficult terrains like mountains. In tribal communities, where we are working, we find that though the government provides many medicines to deal with anaemia, maternal and child mortality, they are not consumed by many tribals.What are the difficulties the system is facing?Any system of medicine does not thrive solely on doctors. It needs philanthropists who can invest money and scientists who can conduct research on its many aspects. The biggest challenge of our time, though, has been the quality of education. The mushrooming colleges and no quality training for teachers were adding on to it. AYUSH is putting a lot of efforts into teacher training programmes. But it would take some time for the results to show.What is the status of homoeopathy in Maharashtra?In states like Kerala, Tamil Nadu and West Bengal, the therapy is very popular. Despite having the maximum number of institutions in the state, government of Maharashtra has not been able to utilize homoeopathy to its fullest potential. Though there are so many practitioners at primary health centres and other sub-centres, there are no official posts for homoeopaths in these places. I wish the government paid more attention towards this.Is not AYUSH doing this?There is very little representation of homoeopaths in AYUSH. So, the decisions makers do not understand the problems of our system.Is there a need to promote a particular branch of medicine?There is the need of alignment of therapies so that all kind of systems are available under the same roof and the patient can chose what therapy or combination of therapies he wishes to use.Can homoeopathy be a self-sustained system of medicine?Yes, it can. In fact, we have a multispecialty hospital at Palghar, which has been recognized as a centre of excellence that has all its staffers as homoeopaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16845482", "title": "Longing for booking gets longer for developers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The strategy was: To cut down new project launches, first try to sell unsold inventory and check prices from further collapsing in the floppy market.However, despite a healthy footfall at the three-day Gujarat Institute of Housing &amp; Estate Developers (GIHED) property show the plan has worked little for the city developers. The GIHED property show, an annual affair for city developers, concluded last Sunday.Unlike earlier years, this time realtors spent less in adding attraction to the show and went for plain business. The advertisement and branding campaigns for the property show tried to convey Amdavadis that the 'right time to buy property has come'.But the few bookings during the show suggest that most Amdavadis want to wait for a little while to buy their dream home or invest in a property.\"The sales have been sluggish but healthy number of visitors during the show suggests a huge demand. More than sales, we look at giving out information during the property show,\" said Dipak Patel, vice-president GIHED.He added that many developers were able to clear their inventory and get fresh bookings.Realtor Vijay Shah feels that the number of booking were less as the period in which it was held is termed inauspicious to book a house.\"Bookings will start coming in after Navratri. However, projects in the extreme periphery might not get lucky soon,\" said Shah.The show had many big and mid-size players operating in areas like Maninagar, Naroda andChandkheda.However, city-based developer Shekhar Patel feels if a housing project has been priced in the range of Rs 20 lakh to Rs 40 lakh, than there is no slow down. \"Margins are same in affordable and hi-end schemes. For now, most developers will look for affordable housing projects where there is an increasing demand,\" said Patel.Agreeing with Patel, realtor Rajesh Vaswani said, \"There is enough space for right-priced projects in Ahmedabad. We conveyed to visitors at the show that high construction cost will check fall of prices from current levels. Instead, developers would mortgage the existing inventory with a bank and take loan to pump money in future projects.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16844916", "title": "Depression cases climb as winter sets in", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The incidence may not be as high as in European countries, but the onset of winter increases the number of depression cases even in places like Chandigarh. About 30% of PGI OPD patients comprise depression cases, which see a rise during winter.Dr Ajit Avasthi of the department of psychiatry, PGI said, \"Though we cannot classify these mood swings during winter as prevalent in sunshine-deprived countries as seasonal mood disorder, we have studies to support that winter depression exists here with a few changes observed in these patients.\"On an average, there are 8,000 new OPD patients at PGI every year, out of which 30% are cases of depression. It has also been found that there is a close association of drug abuse and depression. \"Depression enhances substance abuse and it's the other way round too. It is a vicious cycle. We advise patients to stay away from alcohol, as alcohol interferes with medicines and also the intake could lead to suicides,\" said Dr Avasthi.However, there is lot of difference between feeling low and depression. \"Depression is a brain disease and needs timely treatment. We have seen that there is 40-50% non-compliance of depression drugs (patients not coming for follow-up and leaving medication in between). In fact medication should not be discontinued even if one feels better as there are chances of recurrence,\" said Dr Sandeep Grover of department of psychiatry, PGI.Doctors say the transitory low feeling is a common emotion, while adding that care must be taken when these gloomy periods last for more than two weeks. \"When one loses appetite, broods and feels helpless and hopeless especially during the start of the day, it's a warning sign of depression,\" said Dr Avasthi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16844811", "title": "110% increase in men caught using ladies\u2019 coaches on Western Railway", "text": "MUMBAI: The vulnerability felt by women on Mumbai's locals is borne out by statistics. In the first half of this year, the Railway Protection Force registered twice the number of cases of unauthorized travel in women's compartments on Western Railway than it did during the same period last year.According to RPF, 1,688 cases were lodged against men from January to June 2011 for journeying illegally in ladies' coaches on WR trains. The figure in the first six months of this year was 3,544\u2014a steep rise of 110%. By contrast, Central Railway's statistics were lower. From January to June 2011, the tally of cases lodged against men for unlawfully using women's coaches on CR was 1,783; this year, it dropped by 44% to 1,002.RPF personnel attributed the upsurge in WR figures to better policing and increased security drives, though for many women commuters it was a pointer to the continued threat they face. Frequent travellers explained that men normally board ladies' compartments on WR a little before 11pm. This is because after 11pm ladies' coaches turn into general compartments, with the exception of the cars that are reserved round-the-clock for women. The demand to stop this conversion has gone unheeded for long.\"The problem is worse on Virar-bound locals, where men start entering women's coaches at 10.50pm. Many women have kids with them and go through a difficult time alighting. Instances of groping are common,\" pointed out Saee Rane, who commutes from Bhayander every day.Shilpa Jha, a housewife from Vasai, recollected an incident when she called out to a GRP constable in an adjacent first-class compartment. She alerted him about men travelling illegally in her compartment, \"but the cop gestured that he could not leave the compartment he was guarding\". \"On the Central line, second-class women's coaches are not converted to general at night,\" Jha said. \"The same rule should be followed on WR.\"Teenage boys performing stunts from footboards in ladies' coaches is another consistent menace. \"The solution is to deploy female cops,\" said activist Sameer Zaveri.RPF officials ascribed the rise in WR prosecution figures to a patrolling arrangement devised earlier this year. \"Our priority is safety of women. We also decided to focus more on coaches reserved for disabled travellers. As against last year, prosecution of people travelling illegally in such cars has risen by 67% this year,\" said an official from RPF (WR).The official said the RPF's strategy \"has been to conduct surprise checks at nodal stations such as Churchgate, Mumbai Central, Dadar, Bandra, Andheri and Borivli. At night, two teams are deployed to patrol platforms and trains. One operates between Churchgate and Bandra and the other from Bandra to Virar. Each team comprises two female and two male constables and a male officer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843188", "title": "Dengue scare: IIT Delhi and JNU challaned", "text": "NEW DELHI: At least two major educational institutions \u2014 IIT Delhi and JNU \u2014 were challaned by the municipal corporation of Tuesday for having failed to check mosquito-breeding in the campus. According to municipal authorities, the action was taken after several warnings were issued to the concerned officials.\"Mosquito-breeding was found at three sites in IIT, including the construction area and the auto workshop. One of the hostels at JNU was found to have mosquito-breeding,\" a senior official said. Both the institutions have residential facility, he said, and many inhabitants have been confirmed positive for dengue over the last few weeks.According to figures provided by the civic body, 484 patients have been confirmed positive for dengue this season, including 29 cases reported on Tuesday. \"Most of the cases have been reported in the last one month. The number of admissions in city hospitals and requirement for platelet has gone up,\" said an official. He added that despite the fogging being carried out by the civic bodies, mosquito-breeding continues in several areas \u2014 like New Ashok Nagar, Tuglakabad village and Matiala, Najafgarh, among others. South Delhi has reported the maximum number of dengue cases.According to state health minister A K Walia, who held a meeting of top health officials and medical superintendents of major hospitals, the demand for platelets has increased due to rising cases in the capital.\"To make sure that no patient is denied supply of platelets, or faced with any problem as regards its timely availability, we have asked all blood banks in the capital \u2014 14 in government and 39 in private sectors \u2014 to work round the clock and deploy extra manpower, if required, to ensure continuous production and supply of the blood component,\" said Walia.The blood banks in the government hospitals have been asked to supply platelets not only to their indoor patients but also to patients from private hospitals and nursing homes. Dr Sanjeev Bagai, senior pediatrician and CEO, Radiant Life said dengue virus's main affect is on platelet production. \"The dengue infection seems milder this time as compared to previous years,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16845108", "title": "Metropolitan operas to be screened in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The unthinkable may finally come to pass later this month when one may actually be permitted to attend the opera in a tracksuit, or some such incompatible attire. Of course, the performance won't happen in real time, but it'll still be the real thing as the NCPA, which has inked a deal with the fabled Metropolitan Opera House in New York, will screen a selection of The Met's current crop of operas.The screenings are part of the opera house's 'long-distance' project called The Met: Live in HD, which beams some of their best, current operas to theatre screens around the world. The Met collaboration follows on the heels of NCPA's alliance with London's National Theatre, which has transmitted to Mumbai some stellar performances from that stage, included the Danny Boyle-directed Frankenstein and Chekov's The Cherry Orchard.The Met's India outing takes off on October 28, with Gaetano Donizetti's L'Elisird'Amore (The Elixir of Love), a comic opera in two acts. The Live HD series, which continues into May 2013, will screen 12 titles including Verdi's Rigoletto, Berlioz's Les Troyens and Wagner's Parsifal.The Met's screenings, which began in 2006, were the company's efforts to reach out to new audiences and tap into new revenue sources. In its debut season, the Live HD initiative counted 325,000 viewers in eight countries. In its seventh run, the operas will be transmitted to 64 countries, and the audience tally will no doubt better last year's estimate of 2,950,000 attendees.\"We are delighted to be sharing our programs with the passionate and knowledgeable opera lovers of India for the first time,\" writes Peter Gelb on email. Gelb is the general manager of the Metropolitan Opera and creator of Live in HD. \"Our HD performances star a line-up of opera's greatest singers in a mix of new productions and revivals. For all the stars of the Met, it is thrilling to know that their performances are also being seen in Mumbai, so many thousands of miles away from the stage of the Met.\"The move will no doubt advance Mumbai's fledgling opera culture, and help refine the standards of local opera appreciation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16842966", "title": "Ganga is now a deadly source of cancer, study says", "text": "KOLKATA: The holy Ganga is a poison river today. It's so full of killer pollutants that those living along its banks in Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and Bengal are more prone to cancer than anywhere else in the country, says a recent study.Conducted by the National Cancer Registry Programme (NCRP) under the Indian Council of Medical Research, the national study throws up shocking findings. The river is thick with heavy metals and lethal chemicals that cause cancer, it says.\"We know that the incidence of cancer was highest in the country in areas drained by the Ganga. We also know why. Now, we are going deeper into the problem. Hopefully, we'll be able to present a report to the Union health ministry in a month or two,\" NCRP head A Nandkumar said.The worst-hit stretches are east Uttar Pradesh, the flood plains of Bengal and Bihar. Cancer of the gallbladder, kidneys, food pipe, prostate, liver, kidneys, urinary bladder and skin are common in these parts. These cases are far more common and frequently found here than elsewhere in the country, the study says.Even more frightening is the finding that gallbladder cancer cases along the river course are the second highest in the world and prostate cancer highest in the country. The survey throws up more scary findings: Of every 10,000 people surveyed, 450 men and 1,000 women were gallbladder cancer patients. Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh, Bihar's Vaishali and rural Patna and the extensive tract between Murshidabad and South 24-Parganas in West Bengal are the hot zones. In these parts, of every 1 lakh people surveyed, 20-25 were cancer patients. This is a national high. Relentless discharge of pollutants into the riverbed is responsible.\"This is the consequence of years of abuse. Over years, industries along the river have been releasing harmful effluents into the river. The process of disposing of waste has been arbitrary and unscientific. The river and those living along its banks are paying a price for this indiscretion,\" Chittaranjan National Cancer Institute director Jaideep Biswas said. The Kolkata-based cancer institute is an associate of the National Cancer Registry Programme.Biswas, a senior oncologist, said Ganga water is now laced with toxic industrial discharge such as arsenic, choride, fluoride and other heavy metals. Dipankar Chakarabarty, director, Jadavpur University School of Environmental Studies, concurs. \"We've been extremely careless. Indiscriminate release of industrial effluents is to blame for this.\"\"The arsenic that's gets into the river doesn't flow down. Iron and oxygen present in the water form ferroso ferric oxide, which in turn bonds with arsenic. This noxious mix settles on the riverbed. Lead and cadmium are equally heavy and naturally sink in the river. This killer then leeches back into the groundwater, making it poisonous,\" Chakrabarty explains.Surface water, Chakrabarty explains, is treated before use. But that's clearly not the case with groundwater and it's mostly consumed raw, often straight from source. The impact is devastating. \"The consequences of using or drinking this poison can manifest earliest in two years and latest in 20. But by then, it's way too late.\" Those who've been bathing in this poison river are equally at danger, says Biswas. The need of the hour is to strictly implement laws regulating discharge of industrial waste into the river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16845606", "title": "Haldia Bulk Terminals moves court on work resumption", "text": "KOLKATA: The Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Pvt Ltd has filed a petition in the Calcutta high court praying for adequate security so that it can resume operations at berths 2 and 8 of Haldia Dock Complex (HDC). The Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) has given the company till Friday to resume operations at HDC, failing which it has threatened legal action. The company has, however, maintained that the law and order situation at Haldia is not conducive for resumption of work.The matter was mentioned before Justice Dipankar Dutta on Tuesday by HBT counsel Samaraditya Pal. It may come up for hearing on Wednesday. Apart from police protection, HBT has prayed to the court to direct the state government to intervene for restoration of peace around HDC.HBT is a special purpose vehicle of the LDA-ABG conglomerate that started operations in Haldia from 2010. It is the only agency in the Haldia port that handles bulk cargo mechanically and also pays a higher rate of royalty to the KoPT. In September this year, HBT said that it is not possible for the company to carry out operations at Haldia unless it is assured a minimum volume of cargo by the KoPT management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16845045", "title": "Woman undertrial dies in jail", "text": "BANGALORE: A 45-year-old woman undertrial prisoner died in her cell in Parappana Agrahara Central Prison on Tuesday morning.There were no claimants for her body, so jail superintendent Krishna Kumar and his staff conducted her last rites. \"The undertrial, Baby, was brought to Bangalore after Shimoga jail authorities couldn't give her required treatment at Shimoga Government Hospital. She was brought to Parappana Agrahara jail on October 6. Then she was taken to Bowring Institute and was diagnosed with tuberculosis and HIV. She was undergoing treatment in the intensive care unit when she died on Tuesday morning ,\" a prison source said.But things got complicated when jail authorities found that her entire family was in jail and there was nobody to claim her body. \"We asked her relatives to take her body to her hometown in Shimoga. But they said they won't accept it as she had HIV. We had no choice but to conduct the last rites,\" said a source in Central Prison. Prison staff took the body to Mysore Road burial ground; last rites were conducted in the presence of some prison staff members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16845123", "title": "Victims of Navy crash make their last trip home", "text": "PANAJI: The mortal remains of the three navymen who died in Monday's tragic helicopter crash were on Tuesday flown to their respective families for the performance of last rites.Two pilots, Lt Cdr Dharmendra Singh and Lt Rahul Tiwari, along with chief air artificer H Krishnan, were killed on Monday when the helicopter they were travelling crashed at 9.51 am near the Dabolim airport runway.The mortal remains of Lt Rahul Tiwari were flown to Mumbai on an Air India flight. The same flight, which departed from Goa at 7 am, proceeded to Delhi, carrying the mortal remains of Lt Cdr Dharmendra Singh. From Delhi, his body was taken to Rohtak for performing the last rites. The mortal remains of H Krishnan were flown to Kochi by a service aircraft at 8 am. Last rites were performed with full military honours.The board of enquiry instituted by the Navy to look into the cause of the crash has already begun its probe. The team did a preliminary inspection of the crash wreckage after which the wreckage was moved from the spot of the crash to another location at INS Hansa in Dabolim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16845256", "title": "BJP\u2019s charges false: Samir Bhujbal", "text": "MUMBAI: PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal's nephew and MP Samir Bhujbal on Tuesday issued a press note, saying that there is nothing illegal in the Hex World Project (HWP). Responding to BJP leader Kirit Somaiya's allegations that HWP flats were given as kickbacks to PWD engineers and officials and that he and Pankaj Bhujbal are associated with the project, Samir said, \"The issue is pending in the court. Facts related to the project will come before everyone. Allegations levelled against me, my uncle and cousin brother MLA Pankaj Bhujbal is politically motivated.\"The MP said, \"While the kin of many politicians are involved in real estate business, only Bhujbal's family is being targeted. The BJP leader is making such allegations with intention to get political mileage and cheap publicity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16845356", "title": "Congman TMC panel chief", "text": "THANE: The DF coalition scored a victory against the ruling Shiv Sena-BJP-RPI alliance in the Thane municipal corporation (TMC) when Congress corporator Ravindra Phatak was elected chairman of the crucial standing committee on Tuesday.Phatak, a close confidant of state industries minister Narayan Rane , trounced the saffron alliance's nominee, BSP corporator Vilas Kamble, in a lottery draw held in the civic headquarters after a seven-month long legal tussle between the Sena-BJP and the NCP and a subsequent sparring between the Congress and the NCP which went right up to the Supreme Court.Given the fact that the Sena-BJP and the DF command an equal strength of eight members each in the 16-member standing committee, two chits with the candidates names were placed on the table and the NCP's Raziya Shaikh picked the one with Phatak's name.For the Congress-NCP, Phatak's win was crucial as it would tilt the power scales in the TMC which has been under the control of the Sena-BJP for long. Locals here expressed concern that development projects would take a hit, given that there is no clear majority in the 130-seat-strong general body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16845127", "title": "Rains retreat, but dengue continues to sting city", "text": "MUMBAI: Rains may have vanished but the city is yet to get a respite from dengue. Hospital outpatient departments are practically flooded with dengue cases as even the smallest set-ups are treating at least one such case a day. For instance, Andheri's 18-bedded Nityanand Clinic had as many as eight patients being treated for dengue on Tuesday. Dr Harish Bhatt, who runs the hospital, said the hospital has treated over 80 dengue cases since September. His wife and daughter too had got dengue with the daughter requiring hospitalization. \"The incidence is very high. We are getting many cases from Andheri and Vile Parle,\" he said.The BMC records, however, may not be painting a correct picture of the incidence of dengue, say physicians. For the current month, 143 confirmed dengue cases have been reported already. In September, 242 cases were reported and in August, 157. In all, 647 cases have been reported this year as against last year's 415.A civic official said the BMC was soon going to put an action plan in place to tackle the rising incidence of dengue in the city. The insecticide department has already started visiting areas and fumigating, besides other vector control measures to check breeding of aedes aegypti mosquitoes.Interestingly, according to the BMC, most dengue cases have been reported from south and central Mumbai. Consultant physician with Jaslok and Saifee hospitals, Dr Mayur Patel, said he has been treating at least four cases every day. \"Many patients come with bleeding in sputum and urine. Also, there are cases where patients' platelet count is 10,000 per microlitre of blood against the normal of over 1.5 lakh,\" he said. Patel said two dengue patients developed complications related to liver and succumbed to multi-organ failure.Physicians from suburbs too said they have been treating at least two-three cases everyday. Filmmaker Yash Chopra was the latest to be affected by dengue. In his case, BMC officials said he could have contracted the disease from his own studios. The team that inspected his studio premises in Goregaon, found three breeding spots. Bhatt added that patients need to be hospitalized for five-seven days. He recollected a case where a 25-year-old woman had to be rushed to the Kokilaben Hospital after she developed breathlessness. \"Almost all patients treated by us had jaundice and liver issues,\" he said. Physicians are surprised that dengue continues to affect long after monsoon has retreated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16839705", "title": "Navratri 2012: Time to dance with the stars", "text": "You've seen them on TV screens and now, get ready to shake a leg with them this Navratri. Your favourite small screen stars \u2014 Rithwik Dhanjani of Pavitra Rishta, Amrita Chatterjee aka Pihu of Bade Achhe Lagte Hai, Raghav Juyal of Dance India Dance fame and Siddharth Roadies Bharadwaj \u2014 are coming to Kolkata to take part in the festivities with you.TV stars' instant connect with their audience has Dandiya organizers queueing up at their doors for making appearances at various dandiya nights. While that's the star line-up for Kolkata, Apra Mehta, Nandish Sandhu, Sanjeeda Sheikh, Aamir Ali, Shrenu Parikh, Manish Raisinghani, Deepika Singh, Neelu Waghela and Drashti Dhami will add to the Dandiya glamour in other cities. \"We are coming to Kolkata on October 22 and Amrita is excited. She has even got her father to buy her a new lehenga and bought lots of jewellery. This is her first Dandiya as a celebrity,\" said Mrinmayee Chatterjee, mother of five-year-old Amrita. Ask her if her li'l girl knows Dandiya steps. \"She is so good at it that she surprises us.\"Rithwik Dhanjani will shoot early morning and take the next flight to Kolkata so that his shooting schedules are not affected. \"I have got a lot of requests after my performance in Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa. I'll be seen in my actor-cum-dancer package,\" he said.Manish Raisinghani, who will be going to Ahmedabad and Baroda, says that it is a win-win situation for them apart from the obvious benefits. It is a way for them to connect with the audience which, in turn, might help up the viewership of the serials they star in.For every appearance they make, they are paid `2 lakh to `5 lakh depending on their popularity. But not everyone take time out from their schedules to make it to Dandiya appearances. \"Pariva Pranati and Suchita Trivedi had asked for offs to attend dandiyas. But since Suchita is just back from America and we don't have a bank of episodes, we couldn't grant them leaves. But Shrenu Parikh, the lead of Byaah Humari Bahoo Ka, has been given a day off since she wanted to be a part of a dandiya night in her city, Baroda,\" said producer JD Majethia.Apra Mehta, who was recently in the city to judge a raas Dandiya, said, \"My schedule is packed this Dandiya.I don't just pose for pictures and wave at the crowds. I perform with my fans as well.\" So, it's time to bring out those gorgeous lehengas and hit the floor to dance with the stars!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16844890", "title": "Wife, in-law, DySP booked for abetting man to end life", "text": "BHOPAL: A woman, her father and his DYSP friend have been booked on Tuesday for allegedly abetting her husband to commit suicide here.The police said the deceased, Krishna Pratap Bundela, a resident of Ayodhya area, had allegedly committed suicide by throwing himself before a moving train on October 7.A suicide note recovered from the body revealed that his wife, Radha, her father, Rajendra Singh Parmar and his friend S S Sikarwa, DySP in Shivpuri, harassed him so much that he was forced to take the extreme step.According to the suicide note, a copy of which is in the possession of the TOI, Bundela's wife had insisted him to leave his parents, if he wanted to stay with her. The deceased's father-in-law, who resides in Shivpuri also encouraged Radha for pressuring her husband to leave his parents.The police said Parmar came to Bhopal a few days ago and took his daughter Radha and his granddaughter back to Shivpuri without even informing Bundela.The man searched his wife and daughter all over the city and was even looted by unidentified persons in late hours when he was looking for the two, the police added.When Bundela contacted his father-in-law in Shivpuri, he reportedly refused, but later accepted that the two were in Shivpuri and he could come to meet them.However, when Bundela and his friend reached Shivpuri, Parmer and Sikarwar beat him black and blue and also threatened to falsely implicate him and his parents in a police case.Subsequently, the victim returned Bhopal and committed suicide. In the suicide note, the deceased mentioned the name of his wife, father-in-law and the DSP as the persons responsible for his death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16845471", "title": "Kerala's 'Harita Kalavara' chugs its way to national capital", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Malayalis in New Delhi would soon be able to taste Kerala's own agriculture produces at a reasonable price. The Kerala State Horticultural Products Development Corporation Ltd (Horticorp) sent the first consignment of vegetables under its initiative, 'Harita Kalavara', to the national capital from here in the Kerala Express on Tuesday.A tonne of plantain procured from farmers in Idukki district has been sent to make the Horticorp's presence felt at major Indian cities outside Kerala. \"We have entered into an agreement with Indian Railways for transporting Kerala's ethnic products to New Delhi on a weekly basis. We hope to set up our own outlets in all major cities like New Delhi and Mumbai in near future. But, for the time being, we have got into tie-ups with vegetable dealers in Delhi,\" said Horticorp managing director Manoj Kurup.According to Manoj, the Horticorp would send pineapple, tapioca and tender coconuts to Delhi in the coming weeks. The initiative is expected to fetch farmers more profit while Malayalis living elsewhere in the country would get Kerala's own agriculture products at fair prices. Railways has given one fourth concession in cargo charges for transporting agriculture products to Delhi. Agriculture minister K P Mohanan flagged off the Harita Kalavara at the Thiruvananthapuram Central railway station on Tuesday.Meanwhile, Horticorp also plans to run mobile units for the sale of ethnic agriculture products in the state capital. The agriculture minister would launch the programme titled 'Thanima' in Thiruvananthapuram on Wednesday. Farmers of the Nedumangad-based rural agriculture whole sale market have been entrusted with the task of procuring, packing and labelling organic leafy vegetables and tuber crops, edible flowers and fruits to be sold through the mobile units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16846288", "title": "State labour chief to intervene in cess feud", "text": "NASHIK: The state labour commissioner is likely to settle the issue of labour cess recovery between industrial associations and the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corpotation (MIDC). The former have alleged that MIDC is recovering cess incorrectly from all companies, including those registered under the Labour Act.The Nashik divisional office of the deputy labour commissioner has sent its proposal over the issue to the state commissioner to sort out the deadlock.The Ambad Insutries and Manufacturers'Association ( AIMA) and Nashik Industries and Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) have raised the issue several times during meetings of the zilla udyog mitra (ZUM), but the row continued to remain unsettled.It was during a recentZUM meeting that the regional officer (Nashik region), MIDC, Ramdas Khedkar, had submitted the MIDC's circular on cess recovery to the then deputy labour commissioner Ratnadeep Hendre.Khedkar had clarified that MIDC was recovering the labour cess according to the circular.A senior official from the office of DLC said, \"We have sent the MIDC's circular presented Ramdas Khedkar, to the state labour commissioner, who will check the circular of both, the MIDC and the labour department. The commissioner will decide whether cess is being corrected appropriately. A decision is expected shortly.\"AIMA president Suresh Mali, said, \"Companies under the Factory Act have been excluded from the labour cess, but MIDC recovers cess in a blanket manner. During a recent state-level meeting, the labour department had clarified that companies which are under the Factory Act are not applicable for paying cess. We had informed the MIDC to follow up the labour department's guidelines, but it did not.\"The MIDC charges labour cess of 1% of the total construction cost from industries. The cess is collected while sanctioning construction plans. The revenue collected through labour cess is deposited directly into the account of Maharashtra Building and Other Construction Workers Board. This fund is then spent for the welfare of labourers across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16845446", "title": "Radadia seeks anticipatory bail", "text": "VADODARA: Porbandar Congress MP Vitthal Radadia, who faces arrest for brandishing his gun at a toll plaza near Karjan last week, on Tuesday filed an application for anticipatory bail in the district sessions court in Vadodara on Tuesday.His advocate I U Patel said Radadia was travelling from Surat and had produced his identity card at the toll booth. However, a toll booth employee refused to accept him to be the MP as testified in the identity card. Radadia then saw a huge crowd near his car so he took out his gun from the vehicle for his safety. His intention was not to fire at anyone, the lawyer said.The hearing on the bail application is scheduled to take place on Wednesday.Meanwhile, police have also pressed two fresh charges against him. The cops have added charges of voluntarily causing hurt and restraining traffic flow near the toll booth on October 10. Some employees of the toll booth had alleged Radadia and his men had manhandled them.\"One of the employees had suffered injuries on his head as he was hit by the gun butt. His medical certificate was submitted to the police, following which we added new charges. Radadia had also restrained the traffic flow at the toll booth,\" said Vadodara DySP (rural) Usha Rada.Investigations have confirmed that the double-barrel gun brandished by Radadia is registered in his own name. \"Also, the car in which he was traveling was his own,\" Rada told TOI. The cops are now awaiting the FSL report of the footage that has been sent to Gandhinagar. The report is expected to come out on Wednesday following which the cops will decide on future course of action. Radadia and his men had created ruckus at the toll booth after the booth employee demanded to see the MP's original identity card.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16848261", "title": "I fast for nine days on Navratri: Rishika Mihani", "text": "Every festival has a unique flavor to it that makes people forget their differences and celebrate it as one big happy family. Television artists are all set to celebrate the festival of Navratri in a big way.Rishika Mihani (Shivani of Love Marriage ya Arranged marriage): I fast for nine days Every year I fast for nine days. In short I become a fruitarian. As a ritual I worship twice a day. I will be going out with friends to play Garba. This year I have bought two Chaniya Cholis and traditional jewelries.Aamna Sharif (Muskaan of Hongey Judaa Na Hum): The best 9 days of year Navratris are the best 9 days of a year. Since it is a festival of colors, celebrations, God and galore, I like this festival a lot. There are lights and decorations all over. Everything is so soothing and divine. Like every year, this year too I'm traveling to different cities to perform Dandiya - raas and Garba.Sumona Chakravorty (Natasha of Bade Acche Laggte Hain): Dandiya in Rajkot Every year me and my family go to pandals for darshan and have bhog which is been offered to Maa Durga. This year too I'll be with my family from 20th to 24th. Four days pass so fast. Also, I'm very excited as I will be appearing for a Dandiya event in Rajkot on 19th.Rupali Ganguly (Pinky of Parvarrish): Going pandal-hopping Like always, this year also I'll celebrate Durga Puja with my family &amp; close friends. We will go for Pandal hopping &amp; eat some really delicious sweets.Aamir Ali (Dr. Anirudh of Hongey Judaa Na Hum): Traveling with wife for Navratri I am traveling to couple of cities with my wife Sanjeeda for Navratri. I like the fun and celebration which happens during the festive season. I am glad to be traveling and performing as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16844175", "title": "Lift ban on SIMI, says UP health minister", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior Samajwadi Party leader and UP's health minister Ahmed Hasan said here on Tuesday that the state government would be happy if the ban on Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI), an organization banned for its alleged involvement in terror-related activities, was lifted. Whether this is a view that reflects the sentiments of the SP government or of the minister concerned cannot be said at the moment but would become clear in the days to follow.\"We have not seen any activity of SIMI in the last six months. So we are not in favour of banning it any further,\" the minister said at a function held at Sahkarita Bhawan on Tuesday.\"The Mayawati government wrote to the Centre over and over again during five years of its rule that the ban should continue. Her government also implicated the youngsters of Sanjarpur village in Azamgarh in false cases. But we don't see any reason to ban SIMI,\" Hasan said.An association of Muslim students, SIMI was first banned by the Central government on September 11, 2001.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16842959", "title": "CoP 11 summit: Only a few delegates go visiting Hyderabad\u2019s zoo", "text": "HYDERABAD: The forest department may have spent a considerable Rs 1.6 crore towards sprucing up the Nehru Zoological Park ahead of the biodiversity summit but CoP 11 delegates seem to be finding it hard to take time out to visit the zoo. From the thousands of delegates participating in the CoP 11 summit, just 112 delegates have visited the zoo park so far. Of these, the zoo played host to 105 delegates only during the last weekend.The 360-acre zoo park happens to be one of the key sight-seeing destinations for the biodiversity summit and was allotted around Rs 2.46 crore a couple of months ago for carrying out the developmental works. \"The problem is that the sessions at the meet go on up to 6 pm or even later and by that time, the zoo closes. Unlike other places we do not have any arrangements to show the zoo park in the night,\" said A Shankaran, curator, Nehru Zoological Park.Interestingly, the zoo authorities are collecting contact details of the visiting delegates to explore the possibilities of exchange of animals. Currently, officials said that they are keen on adding zebras and a female giraffe, which can complete the pair as the zoo has just one male giraffe.Also, the zoo is keen on getting a puma-the big cat found in North America- as it is the only one missing from its collection of big cats. \"There are six big cats in the world of which Nehru Zoo Park has five. We had a puma till about three decades ago but it died of old age,\" said Shankaran. He added that the zoo would get in touch with the delegates and start the correspondence for the exchange of animals.As part of the developmental works for the biodiversity summit, an orientation hall has been constructed where a short documentary is being screened giving a run down on the zoo and its ethics. In addition to that, the natural history museum has been renovated and expanded.The fish aquarium was also renovated and a life size model of stegosaurus (a genus of armored stegosaurid dinosaur) was added in the Jurassic Park. The zoo now also has nine battery-operated vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16845311", "title": "Print ad triggers VHP protest", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Angered by the depiction of Hindu goddesses in a derogatory manner in an advertisement by a well known business house in some Hindi newspapers on the occasion of Navratri, Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) volunteers torched an effigy of products sold by the company and raised slogans at Subhash crossing in Civil Lines on Tuesday.VHP leader Pawan Srivastava said India was a spiritual country and religion was the soul of all Indians. In such a country, insult of Hindu gods and goddesses and use of derogatory terms against them in the name of modernity would not be tolerated at any cost. The company management should refrain from taking liberty against deities of all religions. He added that the matter would also be brought to the notice of senior officials of the district administration and police department seeking action against the company including registration of FIR.Another VHP leader Hemant Dubey said members of the Hindu community should refrain from buying and using products manufactured and sold by the company because there is no place for such acts in Hindu society. Moreover there should be a complete ban on depicting gods and goddesses in such a manner in advertisements keeping in mind sentiments and emotions attached with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16845380", "title": "Kerala girls, MP boys triumph in Youth National Basketball Championship finals", "text": "INDORE: Unlike what happened in the boys final, where the hosts dethroned the defending champions, there was no coup de grace in the girls' summit clash at the Emerald Heights International School ground on Saturday.The favourites, Kerala did find themselves in trouble against the confident looking Madhya Pradesh outfit. However, they did recover in time to take the top honours in an exciting final of the 29th Youth National Basketball Championship.There was plenty to cheer for the goodly crowd as the home team in the boys category were on fire to not only underline their supremacy but also avenge their last year's defeat against Delhi, winning the high-scoring clash 110-104.In the girls final it was the show of Kerala's point guard Vinaya Joseph all over the court. Rising to the occasion, Vinaya scored a game-high 31 points and also pulled 17 rebounds to help Kerala retain the crown in style, which eventually broke the hearts of hundreds of local supporters. Elizabeth Hilarous (21) and Arathi Vimal (18) too played their part with valuable contributions under the board.For MP, skipper Pooja Laddha top scored with 22 points while Akansha Diwedi and Princey Rathore added 17 and 13 points respectively.Though, MP won the battle of boards with a 32-28 ratio, they were unable to stop the inside out shooting of their opponents as Kerala successfully defended their crown.In the high-voltage boys summit clash both the teams showcased some top quality basketball. However, when it mattered, MP always had that class, and commitment, as they kept the defending champions under check and went on to snatch the gold from Delhi.It was Delhi hoopsters who combined well early on as both the teams finished on equal terms at the end of first quarter 21-21. However, the home team made good use of their strong bench strength as they turned the tide in the second quarter winning 34-19 to head into the breather with a 15-point advantage.The change of ends favoured Delhi as they pocketed the last two quarters 30-28 and 34-27 but found themselves marginally short. Skipper Shubham Mishra (27), lanky guard Lalit Singh (26) and point guard Ashish Briggis (20) claimed the scoring honours for MP while Delhi's Narender Singh (19), Vikas Kumar (13) and Gaurav Ohalan (13) played well.While the winners pocketed Rs 75,000 in cash the runners-up team had to satisfy with Rs 50,000 and a trophy.Earlier in the third place play-offs, Punjab boys outplayed Rajasthan 83-62 while Tamil Nadu girls got the better of Chhattisgarh 70-55 to take home Rs 50,000 in cash and a trophy.ResultsBoys: MP (Shubham Mishra 27, Ashish Briggis 27, Laxman Thapa 18) bt Rajasthan (Devendra Singh 36, Divij Kumar 16) 107-93 (30-25, 32-16, 23-25, 22-27); Delhi (Narender Singh 19, Vikas 13, Gaurav Ohalan 13) bt Punjab (Arjun Parsad 12, Hemant Sabarwal 11) 80-57 ( 19-12, 22-17, 22-8, 17-20).Girls: Kerala (Arathi Vimal 27, Elizabeth Hilarious 27, Vinaya Joseph 27) bt Chhattisgarh (Riya Verma 28, Rajnee Jha 20, Nisha Netam 17) 92-77 (26-22, 22-19, 24-22, 20-14); MP (Aayushi Lakhotiya 22, Princey Rathore 19, Pooja Laddha 18) bt TN (R Selvamitra 23, PM Lata 13) 81-69 (23-11, 17-18, 20-21, 21-20).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16845565", "title": "Netas can perform aarti, but like a common man", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Navratri celebrations in the time of state assembly polls will see special squads moving around with cameras in their hands. No, not to keep an eye on anti-social elements, but to ensure politicians do not misuse occasions like garba for political advantage.Ahmedabad district collector Vijay Nehra clarified that the Election Commission (EC) has said that politicians can perform aarti as a common citizen. They are, however, prohibited from giving speeches or holding political conversations with the gathering. For the first time, the district collector office has formed a special task force following EC directives to keep an eye on the politicians and report any incident of a candidate trying to use Navratri platform to gain political mileage. Videographers have been hired, who will keep an audio-visual record of any political activity reported from the garba venues.The task force will spread itself over 45 major garbas organized in Ahmedabad city and eight garbas organized on a big scale in the rest of district. \"The team has been put together to implement the moral code of conduct which bars any politician using the platform of Navratri celebration for political propaganda,\" Nehra said.Any politician found making a political speech at Navratri gatherings will be booked for violation of the code of conduct. While the deadline for use of loudspeakers for garba venues will be 12 midnight, politicians will get two hours less. Use of loudspeakers will be prohibited after 10 pm for political rallies or gatherings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16845136", "title": "9 colourful days of garba and dandiya", "text": "BANGALORE: Meghana Shah (19) and her sister , Neha (14), can't wait to don their new ghaghra-cholis (traditional Gujarati outfit), silver oxidized jewellery and play garba with their cousins and friends at Nalapad Pavilion in Palace Grounds.The sisters have made different outfits for all nine days of Navaratri. Gujaratis and garba , a traditional dance performed during the festival, are synonymous. The festival is being celebrated by Bangalore's 1.5 lakh Gujaratis for over eight decades now, the oldest by the Gujarati Vaishnav Samaj. The celebrations start on the first day of Navaratri with the installation of a garba (small round sand pot with a diya inside) and aarti. It ends on Dasara day with aarti and visarjan.\"Our Navaratri is the biggest such event in the city. We get orchestras from Gujarat that play famous garbas ( Gujarati folk songs) and popular Hindi numbers. This time, 'Jhanjhar' from Gujarat is performing . Every day, about 1,000 people, including those from other communities, come to play dandiya and garba,\" said Sunil Patel, a Samaj committee member.Ashwin Raja, secretary, Jayanagar Samyukta Mandal, said: \"This is our 37th Navaratri and it is becoming bigger every year.\" Apart from these major events, there are community celebrations. \"In our apartment , we arrange for orchestras on the weekend and practise garba. On weekends, we all eat together,\" said Twinkle Shah, a resident of Mantri Green Apartment, Malleswaram.Celebrating Navaratri, Gujarati style, is now something that even non-Gujaratis want to do. \"I have been teaching garba and dandiya for 15 years. Every year, special Navaratri batches begin by first week of September. We have about six batches of 5-8 people every day in the age group of 2-65 years,'' said Mala Shah, a choreographer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16844910", "title": "LED lighting, musical fest to mark Lokhandwala puja", "text": "MUMBAI: The Times of India Lokhandwala Durgotsav 2012 will mark the 17th edition of the puja known for its glitz and glamour. Singer Abhijeet Bhattacharya , who organizes the event, has turned the Lokhandwala Garden in Andheri (W) into a focal point for Durga Puja celebrations in Mumbai.The festivities at the Lokhandwala puja will begin on Wednesday and continue till October 24.On Tuesday evening, artisans were busy conducting final tests on the special LED lighting, which was being installed around the idols for the first time. \"The white metal and 'daker saaj' decoration will show up well against this backdrop,\" said an attendant.Abhijeet is an alumnus of Ramakrishna Mission School in Kanpur where he became a keen follower of the activities of the Math. \"This year, in a gurudakshina of sorts, I have donated an ambulance with medical equipment to Ramakrishna Mission Hospital. I am also handing over a bus to Bharat Sevashram Sangh, which runs a hospice for cancer patients in Navi Mumbai. They can use the vehicle to ferry passengers to Tata Memorial Hospital,\" he says.The entertainment quotient at the Lokhandwala puja is the stuff of dreams. Classical dancer Dona Ganguly will arrive with her troupe from Kolkata while American artiste George Brooks will perform fusion music with renowned percussionist and tabla player Bickram Ghosh .\"Moreover, a line-up of playback singers, including Hariharan, Usha Uthup , Sukhwinder Singh, Shaan, Alka Yagnik as well I will perform on one day. We have invited some promising artistes like Shalmalee and Ritu Pathak,\" says Abhijeet. In a first-of-its-kind event, actor Paresh Rawal will stage his play Kishan Kanhaiya at the Lokhandwala puja. But the organizers are not keen to publish a full schedule beforehand in view of crowds becoming unmanageable.Given that the puja enters its 17th year, the organizers will set up a food court where 17 prominent Bengali food items will be available.Abhijeet points out that mandal officials as well as volunteers will be easy to spot given the uniform colour of the kurtas they wear on the three main days of the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16844453", "title": "Now, Dalit entrepreneurs give nod to FDI in retail", "text": "LUCKNOW: Amid protests against foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail, support has come from an unlikely quarter \u2014 dalits. Entrepreneurs from across the country on Sunday gathered here to launch the 16th chapter of Dalit Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry (DICCI). Raising the slogan of 'fight caste with capital', they welcomed partnerships with big corporates and industries rather than opting for financial assistance or reservation.Journalist and mentor of DICCI Chandrabhan Prasad said, \"People who have long been deprived of economic and social rights don't need reservation to grow. Instead, they need ample business opportunities to prove their merit. In this regard, allowing FDI in the country will open a number of avenues for people belonging to SCs and STs.\" DICCI chairman Milind Kamble said the chamber will help UP entrepreneurs with venture capital fund.Prasad said the modern trade system offered equal opportunities to all depending on their skills contrary to the traditional trade system where all powers and money were vested in the hands of one. The old system promotes casteism while the new system will allow everyone to grow, the dalit ideologue said. DICCI comprises 3,000 members and was founded in 2005. It has been working since to create business opportunities for its members and provide a national platform for knowledge exchange. Prasad said the traditional trade system ran on a conventional pattern, where the role of function largely depended on your caste. He suggested that the government should discourage this by making way for FDI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16844886", "title": "Bobde sworn in as 21st chief justice of MP high court", "text": "BHOPAL: Senior judge of the Bombay high court Sharad Arvind Bobde was sworn-in as the 21st chief justice of the Madhya Pradesh high court on Tuesday morning. Governor Ram Naresh Yadav administered the oath of office at a brief and simple ceremony at the Raj Bhavan here. Justice Bobde was appointed to the post by orders of the President Pranab Mukherjee on October 5, 2012. He assumes charge from acting chief justice Sushil Harkoli. Bobde was born on April 24, 1956 in Nagpur and graduated from the University College of Law in 1978. He comes from a family of renowned legal practitioners.Senior members of the judiciary, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan , Lok Sabha MP from Bhopal Kailash Joshi , senior cabinet ministers Raghavji, Ramkrishna Kusmaria, Jagannath Singh, mayor Krishna Gaur and Lokayukta PP Naolekar were present at the oath taking ceremony.According to sources in the Jabalpur high court, the present strength of judges is 36 including the chief justice. Eighteen judges are stationed in Jabalpur and eight each in the Gwalior and Indore benches. The present strength is less than the sanctioned number of 42 justices including the chief justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16844675", "title": "Auto stir leaves people in the lurch", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Nearly 12,000 auto-rickshaws went off the roads on Tuesday causing severe inconvenience to commuters across the city. The auto-rickshaw associations went on a dawn-to-dusk strike demanding subsidy in diesel prices or a hike in fare, parking lots and relaxation in driving licence norms.Commuters, particularly office-goers and college students, had a harrowing time. They had to wait for city buses or look for other modes of transport to reach their destinations. On the other hand, city buses were filled beyond capacity.\"I struggled to find an auto-rickhshaw. Though many auto-rickhshaws were parked at the stand, none was willing to ply even after paying double the amount,\" said Laxmikanta Mohapatra, who was looking for an auto in front of the railway station.Harapriya Biswal, another commuter said \"I had to wait for almost 45 minutes to board a bus as most of the buses were overcrowded. The strike has affected the public transport system.\"Padmanava Samal, secretary of All Orissa Auto-Drivers' Mahasangha said, \"Diesel prices have increased so much. Everyday each auto-rickshaw driver sustains a loss of Rs 50 after the price hike. Like other states, the Odisha government should also come forward to help us by withdrawing VAT from diesel or we issue us a revised rate chart.\"The auto-rickshaw drivers also had their share of grievances. They said even though the state government has not provided us with enough parking lots, police have been penalizing them in the name of unauthorized parking. Besides, they said the eligibility criteria for getting a driving licence for an auto-rickshaw should be relaxed.\"Many poor and less educated persons eke out a living by driving auto-rickshaws. But the norms of getting a driving licence are very strict and we find it very difficult to get a licence,\" said Bana Bihari Mohanty of Rajdhani Auto Mahasangha.\"We had a discussion with the transport commissioner and he assured to look into our grievances like withdrawing VAT from diesel. If our demands are not fulfilled in the next one month we would launch an indefinite strike,\" Samal said. There are around 77,000 auto-rickshaws in the state and 17,000 ply in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16846334", "title": "Every hour of TV you watch shortens your life by 22 mins", "text": "MELBOURNE: Couch potatoes, watch out! Every hour that you spend in front of the 'idiot box' could be taking 22 minutes off your life, a new study has warned. Australian researchers have found that watching television could be shortening your life by 4.8 years.Researchers have found that for every hour of television viewed by a person over the age of 25, their life expectancy is reduced by 22 minutes. The study was based on an average six hours viewing per day, compared to a person who watches no TV, News.com.au reported.Using data from the National Bureau of Statistics and the Australian Diabetes, Obesity and Lifestyle Study, the researchers generated life-expectancy tables based on the viewing habits of average Australians.\"TV viewing time may be associated with a loss of life that is comparable to other major chronic disease risk factors such as physical inactivity, smoking and obesity,\" the study found. \"These findings suggest that substantial loss of life may be associated with prolonged TV viewing time among adults,\" it said. The research claims that a sedentary lifestyle is as bad for health as smoking and obesity, because of the dangers posed by inactivity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "cape town", "code": "16848418", "title": "Gibbs tips Proteas to comfortably beat Australia", "text": "CAPE TOWN: Former South African star Herschelle Gibbs has said the mental frailties that led to his country being labelled the chokers of world cricket will not stop them from comfortably defeating Australia in next month's Test series and retaining the No.1 world ranking.Australia's chances have improved since the Ashes failure of two years ago, but Gibbs believes Michael Clarke's team will receive a reality check in the form of a 2-0 defeat.Gibbs, who made 14 centuries in a 90-Test career before becoming a Twenty20 specialist, said South Africa's extra experience and recent success in the five-day game would steel them for the upcoming tour.The Proteas have lost just one of their past 20 series since April 2006, to Australia in early 2009.\"I've said all along South Africa have been a most consistent team home and away in the last three years - they've got a very solid Test squad. They should be the favourites to win ... they probably should win 2-0,\" Gibbs told the Herald.According to the paper, Gibbs is aware of Australia's quality of pace bowlers, but the Proteas boast four players in the ICC's reigning team of the year -- Hashim Amla , Jacques Kallis , Vernon Philander and Dale Steyn .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16845411", "title": "Sleeping Armenian Grandmasters miss Round 2 of International GM Chess tournament", "text": "NAGPUR: Two Armenian Grandmasters missed their second round of International GM Chess tournament after failing to turn-up at the Naivedhyam Celebrations Centre on Tuesday.Aware about the passion with which Armenians play their chess, the organizers had a field day searching for the two GMs, who were found sleeping in their hotel rooms, unaware about the second round of the 11-round event.After an hour-long wait and confirmation from the grandmasters -- Davit Petrosian and Gevorg Harutjunyan -- the chief arbiter awarded the game to their lower ranked rivals, treating that the masters lost the game by default.When contacted by the organizers, the Grandmasters, who were accommodated at a five-star hotel in the outskirts of the city, initially denied about being aware of the second round for the day.However, when they had a talk with the chief arbiter Anantharam Rathinam both the GMs agreed to their mistake.Both had recorded easy victories in their first round in the morning session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16843889", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon to add a link to website", "text": "GURGAON: In yet another attempt to establish an effective channel of communication with its residents, the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) is going to add a link on its website, which it claims will help in keeping the residents better informed about the policies of the state that are relevant to the city.According to the MCG commissioner, the link will be set up soon. \"This will be a more effective way of communicating with the residents. This link will contain all the necessary information regarding the policies passed by the state government that would affect the city residents directly. There will be clips from the press and a Facebook link. We want to connect with the people on a regular basis and want the information to be readily available to them,\" said Sudhir Rajpal, MCG commissioner.\"We will update this link every day and will keep them updated about the orders issued to us by the state government. This is another way to bring transparency in the MCG and I hope the residents like this link. We will make this link operational soon. We are just carrying out some tests right now,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16843980", "title": "Congress in Bengal asks Centre for LPG and fertilizer price rollback", "text": "KOLKATA: The Congress in West Bengal on Tuesday urged the Centre to reduce the price of LPG and fertilizer. Ahead of the panchayat poll in the state, a resolution was adopted at a WBPCC executive committee meeting seeking slash of prices. Shakeel Ahmed, AICC General Secretary in charge of West Bengal, was present at the meeting.Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya said, \"The UPA government has taken some reform measures, but the Trinamool Congress and the CPM are giving a wrong interpretation and misguiding the people.\"The Congress has decided to inform people about benefits of economic reforms. \"The people will be told that subsidy has not been withdrawn in all sectors as is being wrongly propagated by the Trinamool and the CPM,\" said Bhattacharya.He also spoke of emergence of communal undertones in politics in Bengal following emergence of the BJP in some pockets. \"This has never happened in Bengal and its consequences could be manifold if not arrested immediately. We also notice with concern how the CPM and the Trinamool are quiet about it. Does it indicate an under-the-table understanding?\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843561", "title": "10 Australian players for HIL", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hockey India on Tuesday signed up as many as 10 current Australian players for its inaugural franchise-based league to be held across different cities of the country from January next year.The 10 players include four Australian co-captains -- Mark Knowles , Fergus Kavanagh, Liam de Young and Edward Ockenden. Luke Doerner, Russell Ford, Kiel Brown, Simon Orchard, Christopher Ciriello and Rob Hammond are the other star players who will also be a part of next month's players' auction.Queen's fanciedNEW DELHI: Queen's Touch should claim the Commissioner of Excise Entertainment and Luxury Tax Cup, the main event of the Delhi races on Wednesday.Selections: 1st race: Kohinoor Empire 1, Chardi Kala 2, Illustrate 3; 2nd race: Master Bullet 1, Zabardast 2, Alabaster 3; 3rd race: Taraka's Power 1, Hot And Classic 2, Pretty Girl 3; 4th race: Queen's Touch 1, Master Chenna 2, Master Champion 3; 5th race: Nonios 1, Episode 2, Take A Chance 3; 6th race: Saira 1, Elegancia 2, Graceful Bay 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16845561", "title": "A puja to renew kids\u2019 ties with Bengali books", "text": "KOLKATA: If you think your kids are losing interest in the Bengali language, make sure to take them to this pandal in Kestopur off VIP Road. Prafulla Kanan (West) Adhibasi Brinda has come up with a theme that will showcase Bengal's rich children's literature.\"The idea is to influence young minds about our rich literature. Sadly, the popularity of such books among children is dwindling. This is our attempt to renew children's interest in our rich literary heritage,\" said Saikat Biswas, a graduate of Government Art College.Titled 'Kaalikolome Collage', the pandal is decorated with newspapers. Its pillars and walls wrapped in newspapers will surely raise queries in young minds. Even the idol will be dressed in a newspaper collage. The ornaments are also being made of newspaper mould.The major attraction for children, however, could be the exhibitions at the entry to the pandal. A raised platform showcasing children's books and huge models of books like Sukumar Samagra, Chhobite Chhora, Aesoper Golpo, Sahaj Path and Arobya Rajani in bright colours is sure to be a hit.Though it is a low budget puja, the committee that has been organising it for 10 years is confident of giving tough competition to the big budget pujas around.\"We hope pandal-hoppers will like the idea. This is our small endeavour to promote the rich heritage of the state of which literature is an integral part,\" said the puja committee secretary Ashok Patra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16843580", "title": "Olympic swimmer drafts Haryana's sports bill", "text": "BANGALORE: The burning desire of a former Olympic swimmer to make participation and excellence in sports an integral part of Indian culture through a first-of-its-kind draft legislation -- along the lines of the Right to Education -- is expected to see the light of day as an Act in the Haryana state government.Bangalore's Hakimuddin S Habibulla, who represented India at the 2000 Sydney Olympics, and his team at management consulting firm Winning Matters, began discussions with representatives of Department of Sports and Youth Affairs, Haryana government, this year to come up with a legislation towards unlocking socio-economic benefits and opportunities in Haryana sports.The Haryana Right to Play Bill, 2012, drafted by Winning Matters in coordination with DSYA, has been subsequently reviewed by relevant stakeholders within the Haryana government as well as an independent panel of sports lawyers\"Sport plays a crucial role along with education in the overall socio-economic development of society. But, sport in India, which has been a step child to the education system, has far from been a level-playing field since access has been limited to a small fraction of fortunate people,\" said Hakimuddin, founder and principal consultant (sports performance) at Winning Matters.\"Sport in India is a state subject. Hence it is important for states to create the right environment through policy, legislation and programmes to motivate people to take up sport and stay in sport irrespective of age or financial status,\" he said.The Bill aims to enable all residents of Haryana, irrespective of age, to have the right to play sport, pursue fitness and access sports facilities. This also includes elementary coaching, sport-related information and participation in local competitions. \"This will be ensured by making the key stakeholders accountable for their duties and responsibilities,\" Hakimuddin added.The stakeholders include the state government, educational institutions, local authorities like municipal corporations, municipal councils, zilla parishad, nagar panchayats, the panchayat, sport service providers like corporations, societies, clubs, NGOs, academies, associations or organizations apart from the DYSA, all state government departments and the Haryana district sports councils.Hakimuddin said a key feature of the Bill, which also aimed at keeping a track of the quality and quantity of sporting services provided, was the establishment of a registration system for all educational institutions and sport service providers with DSYA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16844666", "title": "Man goes to jail for , harassing 7-year-old", "text": "NAGPUR: A 30-year-old man was sent to jail on Tuesday after being booked for mentally and physically torturing a 7-year-old boy to avenge against his neighbour and child's father at Mankapur.The third standard student was being beaten up and threatened by accused Sonu Patil for the last few days until he was booked by Gittikhadan police under Section 23 of Juvenile Justice Act for cruelty to a child.Parents contacted NGO Childline after their traumatized son Pranav (name changed) complained of being beaten by Patil on a number of occasions on way to school and tuition. Patil had a dispute with Pranav's father regarding property. Unable to tame boy's father, Patil took the crooked way of teaching the rival family a lesson by traumatizing the child.It is learnt that Patil, a school van driver, would wait for Pranav on the road. He had thrashed Pranav and threatened the child with dire consequences if he revealed it to anyone around half-a-dozen times.A depressed Pranav would remain under fear until he at last divulged it to his parents . But they could not get much help. The parents later approached Chhaya Gurav of Childline whose intervention, along with social worker Sharda Bhalavi, helped police book Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "16845285", "title": "\u2018Take cue from King Ashoka\u2019s governance\u2019", "text": "MHOW: Buddhist ideologue Dheemant P R Ambedkar in a riveting address on Tuesday elaborated on the skill with which Ashoka ruled his state.Addressing a gathering at Babasaheb Ambedkar National Institute of Social Sciences (BANISS) in Mhow on Tuesday morning, he said, \"King Ashoka ruled India and his reign is remembered even today for good governance. In the 42 years of the rule by Ashoka, the country was never attacked by any enemy.Despite minimum army and minimum administrative officials, the state proved to be a welfare state in real sense.He added that scholars from all over the world used to come to the Takshshila and Nalanda universities founded by Ashoka for higher studies and research works whereas now, scholars go to western countries for studies.Eulogizing Ashoka, he said, \"Ashoka was able to completely abolish caste system. He had realized that ones thought process is the ultimate human resource.\"He also cited Dr Ambedkar's last book Buddha in Dhamma, in which he has clearly stated that then misery in the world is caused by blind faith. Buddha never allowed that.The programme was organized by Dr Ambedkar chair of BANISS to mark the 57th anniversary of Dhamma Deeksha Pravartan of Dr Ambedkar that was held in 1956 when he embraced Buddhism.Ambedkar was the chief guest of the programme while BANISS director general R N Bairwa presided over. Registrar Parikshit Singh, Prof C D Naik and Prof R D Mourya were the special guests. Naik conducted the programne while Morya proposed the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16844938", "title": "Died of \u2018asphyxia due to hanging\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The preliminary postmortem report of the deceased, Monica Goyal, revealed cause of death as \"asphyxia due to hanging.\" Her viscera samples were sent for chemical examination to CFSL in Sector 36, on Tuesday.Her postmortem was conducted at GMH-16 on Monday and her body was cremated on Tuesday.Accused Vikas Goyal, the deceased's husband and his parents, Gyan Parkash Goyal and Prem Lata, were produced in the district courts, Sector 17, on Tuesday and were remanded to police custody for one day. DSP (east) Vijay Kumar said the postmortem report of the woman stated \"asphyxia due to hanging\" as the cause of the death. \"We are looking into the allegations of murder but prima facie it is a case of suicide as is clear from the postmortem report,\" the DSP added. Monica, a 35-year-old computer teacher with New Public School in Sector 18 was found dead under mysterious circumstances in her house in Sector 21 on Monday. Monica's father Bhagwan Dass has alleged his daughter was murdered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16844006", "title": "State govt may cancel NRHM appointment process", "text": "LUCKNOW: The fate of appointments to 15,000 contractual vacancies for AYUSH doctors, paramedical staff and technicians under the National Rural Health Mission is hanging in balance, as the Uttar Pradesh government is contemplating to cancel the entire exercise till date to re-launch the same with a new set of guidelines. As a result, the health department on Tuesday stalled the process of issuing appointment letters to the candidates in various districts, where the appointments process has been completed.The development took place following a number of complaints lodged by senior party functionaries including MLAs and MPs claiming that large-scale irregularities have been committed in appointments in their respective constituencies and districts.Health minister Ahmed Hasan though maintained that a two-member inquiry committee is screening the appointments across the state, he said that the entire recruitment process will be cancelled in districts where irregularities are found to be rampant. \"There have been complaints of anomalies and the recent NRHM scam has already exposed the extent of corruption prevailing in the department,\" the minister added. Sources said that committee has scanned through the appointment process of at least 14 districts by Monday evening and mass irregularities have been found in most of them.The inquiry committee is believed to be focusing on candidates who have been selected despite hailing from the district other than where they have been appointed. \"What smells of foul play is the fact that these candidates did not bother to apply for the vacancies in their native districts, but chose to seek an appointment in a far away place. What is more surprising is the fact that in quite a few districts more than 50% of the total appointments have been found to be candidates from far away districts. This calls for a close scrutiny of such instances,\" said a senior officer of the health directorate.The move gains significance under the light of the alleged abduction of chief medical officer of Gonda, Dr SP Singh by minister of state for revenue Vinod Singh alias Pandit Singh late in the night on October 7. The CMO had reportedly refused to appoint the candidates recommended by the minister, which led to his alleged kidnapping. As the CMO accused the minister of kidnapping, the minister in turn pointed fingers at the CMO demanding a probe into the entire appointment exercise in Gonda. The SP government took Vinod Singh's allegations seriously. Though SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav reportedly directed Vinod to resign from the cabinet, he appraised the chief minister about the allegations levelled by Vinod over the appointments.As a result, the health minister constituted a two-member committee to probe into all the appointments made across the state under the NRHM. The committee was directed to submit its report within the next seven days. While the government was quick to order a probe into the appointments within 24 hours of allegations of corruption levelled by the minister, it took the government almost 5 days to institute an inquiry into the kidnapping incident. The chief minister on Saturday directed the Lucknow commissioner to probe the kidnapping and also the sequence of events that followed before and after the alleged abduction of the CMO .Dr Sachan's wife seeks time to file objection against CBI closure reportLUCKNOW: Dr Malti Sachan, wife of former deputy chief medical officer Dr Yogendra Singh Sachan, on Monday sought time to file objection against the CBI's closure report in the death mystery Dr Sachan. The court posted the matter for November 2, 2012. Earlier the CBI had filed its counter-objection to the objection of Sachidanand on whose PIL the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court had handed over the probe to it. The CBI said that Sachidanand was not a complainant in the matter and therefore he had no right to move objection against its closure report.Dr Malti demanded the copy of the closure report from the court. On the direction of the judge Neelmanikant Tripathi, the CBI provided her the copy. Thereafter, Dr Malti's counsel sought time to study and file objection on the closure report. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16843677", "title": "US ambassador to China Gary Locke visited Tibet: State Department", "text": "WASHINGTON: US ambassador to China Gary Locke visited a restive region in Tibet which witnessed a number of self-immolation against Chinese rule.Locke made this trip to the Aba Tibetan autonomous area in September, which was part of a broader trip that he made to Chongqing and Sichuan province, the State Department spokesperson, Victoria Nuland, told reporters at her daily news conference.\"When he was in Aba, he met with a number of local residents, including ethnic Tibetans. He also visited villages and monasteries to learn more about how ethnic Tibetan people live and work and to have a chance to talk to them,\" Nuland said.\"I think you know that we have been very clear and very transparent with regard to our views on Tibet and our advocacy for better dialogue between the Chinese government and the Tibetan people on issues of concern and our grave concern about the rising number of self-immolations,\" she said.The United States, she said, has grave concerns about human rights violations in Tibet.\"We have grave concerns about self-immolations in Tibet and about the underlying grievances that the Tibetan people have. And we have consistently urged dialogue between the Chinese government and the Tibetan people with regard to those grievances,\" she told reporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16845627", "title": "Ex-security guard made bomb threats", "text": "HOWRAH: A former security guard of the Avani Riverside Mall in Howrah, with an axe to grind against the management, triggered a bomb scare at the shopping complex on Sunday afternoon, leading to panic and loss of business barely a week before the Pujas. Rizwan Salim (20) and his accomplice Shakil Hossain (20) were arrested on Monday evening after they walked into a trap laid by the police. Both are residents of the Cowsghat Road in Shibpur.Around 2.30 pm on Sunday, Riskit Buthra, a banquet employee of the mall, started receiving SMSs from an unknown number. The sender warned of four bombs placed at strategic locations inside the mall. The messages stated that the bombs would be set-off unless the sender was paid Rs 10 lakh.On Monday afternoon, Buthra received a call from the number. The caller spoke in Hindi and demanded Rs 10 lakh. The police decided to lay a trap after this. Buthra was asked to receive the next call and agree to pay the money. The caller instructed Buthra to send the money in a bag to an under-construction building site in Mandirtala and leave it there. The police packed a bag with old newspapers with some wads of cash on top and got a mall staffer to deliver to the designated address.Around 9.30pm on Monday, a motorcyclist picked up the bag and left the spot. He was pursued by policemen to Shibpur where both Salim and Hossain were nabbed. Hossain was the one who had collected the money. Probe revealed Salim was sacked due to his irregular attendance and other misdeeds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16845064", "title": "Keep your umbrellas out for next few days", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangalore which has been experiencing intermittent rain , is expected to see more showers in the next few days. This is because southern parts of Karnataka, including its capital, will be affected as northeast monsoon sets in by October 18-19 , said a Met department official on Tuesday.\"There is an upper layer cyclonic air circulation over southern Tamil Nadu and Sri Lanka, which is moving from east to west, and extends up to 5.8 km above the sea level,\" said B Puttanna , director-in-charge , Met department. \"Though there has been no heavy rainfall in North Karnataka , most parts of South, including Bangalore , is set to receive moderate rainfall Some pockets like Mysore and Chamarajanagar could get heavy rainfall,\" he said.\"Parts of Andhra Pradesh , Kerala, and Tamil Nadu are also expected to get rainfall after October 18,\" Puttanna said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16845132", "title": "Economic development corporation notice to DLF for its failed 'mall'", "text": "PANAJI: Trouble continues to haunt the Delhi-based infrastructure company DLF, as the state government-run economic development corporation (EDC) has decided to issue a show-cause notice to the company as to why the lease should not be cancelled as the company has not utilized the plot allotted to them at Patto Plaza, Panaji, within the stipulated time.DLF was allotted the plot of over 18,000 sq mt for the construction of a mall at Patto, in Panaji, at the cost of 90 crore. DLF had bought the plot through a bidding process and the highest amount of 50,000 per sq mt.\"We are in the process of issuing the notice to DLF for cancellation of the lease,\" said an EDC official.DLF was allotted the plot in 2007 and as per the lease agreement, DLF had to utilize the plot within three years from the date of allotment. But as they were not able to start construction, DLF once again approached EDC for an extention of two years.The EDC extended the time period by two years as per the request, but even then, DLF failed to start the work and extended period further, which came to an end this year. The EDC took the decision to issue a show-cause notice after discussing the issue at its board meeting recently, sources said.Some months ago, DLF was in the news regarding a building project at Dabolim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16847347", "title": "Chennai wakes up to an overcast Wednesday", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennaiites woke up to an overcast morning on Wednesday. Officials from the regional meteorological centre say that the city experienced mild showers in the 12-hour period from 8.30pm on Tuesday to 8.30am on Wednesday.While Nungambakkam received 11.6mm of rain, Meenambakkam received 19.6mm. \"There have been changes in the wind directions last night,\" said a duty officer from the Met office. Winds have changed from south-westerlies to easterlies, that is characteristic of the north-east monsoon. \"We cannot, however, say that the north east monsoon has set in. We have to take several observation we before can conclude,\" said the duty officer.The new feature, Nowcast, introduced by the Met department says that the sky conditions would be overcast and a few areas may receive rain fall till 11.30am. Wind speeds will be in the range of 10 to 15km per hour.Recent observations by the Met department shows that Tamil Nadu is poised well for a good season of north-east monsoon. Coastal regions of the state receive up to 60% of its rain in the period between end-October to December. \"Our observations say that the monsoon should set in by this weekend,\" said Y E A Raj, deputy director general of India Meterological Department.Chennai receives 80 of the 120cm of its annual rain fall in this season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843124", "title": "Faculty of Management Studies students get boost from financial lab", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the setting up of the financial laboratory last Wednesday, the Faculty of Management Studies (FMS), Delhi University , has joined the exclusive club of premier B-schools in India. The laboratory has a terminal allowing access to a US-based newswire service.The laboratory will help students to access authentic industry and economic data from across the world which can be used for various purposes \u2014 ranging from the course-mandated final year dissertations to sectorial research for competitions and placement preparations. With the study of the financial derivatives already being an integral part of the course for student specialising in finance, this laboratory will also increase the quality and scope of the student projects along with adding value to the research carried out by the faculty members.Preethi Puram, a final year student and media coordinator said, \"It will also make the students industry-ready as they already get a hands-on experience of carrying out in-depth analysis of volumes of real-time data along with handing the complex terminals which they otherwise would have to learn while being in the corporate, thereby giving them a clear edge over the competition by making them industry-ready.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16848578", "title": "Rahul Gandhi meets PM amid talk of Cabinet reshuffle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress General Secretary Rahul Gandhi met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday amid talks of a Cabinet reshuffle.While there was no official word as to what transpired at the meeting, the Prime Minister has been time and again inviting Rahul to join the government.There have been repeated demands from within the Congress that Gandhi play a \"larger role\" in the organisation and the government.The meeting comes a day after Congress president Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had separate meetings with President Pranab Mukherjee.There has been speculation about a reshuffle in the Cabinet for quite some time now, especially after the exit of Trinamool Congress ministers both at the levels of Cabinet and ministers of state levels.There have been berths vacated by DMK representatives A Raja and Dayanidhi Maran in the last two years after their names cropped in the 2G scam. However, DMK president M Karunanidhi has recently made clear that his party will not not like to reclaim their lost berths.Congress sources said that the reshuffle and induction could be largely from the party. There is speculation that some young faces, considered close to Rahul, like Manicka Tagore and Meenakshi Natarajan could be inducted into the council of ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16845748", "title": "Members oppose diamond protocol at World Diamond Congress's 35th edition", "text": "SURAT: The diamond source warranty protocol released by a coalition of leading US industry groups including Jewelers of America, the Jewelers Vigilance Committee and the Diamond Manufacturers and Importers Association of America faced tough criticism at the two-day 35th edition of World Diamond Congress that started in Mumbai on Tuesday.The new protocol is designed to allow buyers and retailers to avoid, if they wish, diamonds from certain areas. While the protocol does not specify what those areas would be, they could include areas like the Marange region of Zimbabwe - which is currently subject to US sanctions - or countries that are not members of the Kimberley Process (KP).The 35th edition of WDC, which has brought together diamond miners and manufacturers from across the world, is the most prestigious event of the two international bodies, World Federation of Diamond Bourses (WFDB) and International Diamond Manufacturers Association (IDMA). It is being held in India for the first time.\"This system talked of seller's obligations and buyer's rights but clearly not vice versa,\" said industry analyst and commentator Chaim Evan-ZoharAccording to him, acceptance of the protocol would mean that polished diamonds from each mine and each polishing location had to be tracked separately. \"This is a nightmare for the alluvial miners, who are precisely the people we need to protect and nourish,\" Zohar said.The warranties built into contracts would mean that sellers could be sued even three years after a transaction. Also, he said, the protocol state that irrespective of rulings in local courts, companies could be sued in the US for \"other and greater damages.\"Industry sources said that the WDC will deliberate on issues including the challenge of ensuring full ydisclosure and transparency with regards to synthetic diamonds, declining demand, and the yneed for the promotion and marketing of diamonds, among others.\"The Congress will serve as the crucial platform for dialogue on burning issues related to the diamond industry such as inconsistent rough diamond supply and the Kimberley Process,\" said a senior office-bearer of the Gem &amp; Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC).In his opening speech, IDMA president Moti Ganz called upon diamond producers to provide stronger backing and vouch for consistent and continuous rough supplies for the manufacturers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16848163", "title": "Mumbai Film Festival's initiative against piracy", "text": "The 14th Mumbai Film Festival has joined hands with A A Khan and Associates, an organization widely considered to be a pioneer in the anti-movie piracy operations in the country.The 14th Mumbai Film Festival has established a key milestone in the battle against film piracy by joining forces with former Deputy Inspector General of Police and Mumbai-ATS chief A A Khan and engaging the services of AA Khan and Associates, an organization widely considered to be a pioneer in the anti-movie piracy operations in the country.Setting yet another precedent among film festivals in the Indian subcontinent, this initiative is aimed at creating a tenable contingency measure to protect the interests of film production companies, independent producers, film distributors and cinema operators participating in the Mumbai Film Festival from the ever looming threat of piracy.Like every other art form in contemporary times, the sustenance of filmmaking also relies on its profits. Today, film piracy has become the biggest and most insidious threat to the future of cinema worldwide. Delinquents have taken to the internet as platform to ensure the systemic destruction of traditional forms of distribution channels such as DVDs, cinema halls, etc. consequently denying the creators of the content of their fair share of proceeds and causing a loss of billions of dollars annually worldwide.What is far more unsettling is that India has won the dubious distinction of being ranked as one of the most thriving markets for film piracy, especially camcording-related operations. While the Government and other concomitant agencies have made progress in developing response procedures to copyright infringement, the notoriety of film piracy in India still manages to discourage filmmakers from submitting their films at film festivals hosted in the country.The Mumbai Film Festival is committed to combat 'Piracy at Source' with the anti-piracy mechanism adopted at its forthcoming edition and endeavors to build solidarity between India and the international cinematic fraternity.Mr. Aftab Ahmed Khan, CEO, AA Khan &amp; Associates, Ex. Inspector General &amp; Founder ATS says, \"We are proud to partner with MAMI for the prestigious 14th Mumbai Film Festival and helping them fight the menace of piracy. Over the past decade piracy in all forms has become quite rampant across the globe and it is important that people, organizations, policy makers as well as keepers of the law work together to eradicate this problem that affects the social and economical ethos of our country and the world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16844246", "title": "Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority, realtors hail NCR Planning Board nod", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: With the NCR Planning Board giving its nod to the master plan, the Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority (YEIDA) has prepared a roadmap for speedy development in the region. Authority officials said that this area would be identified as the entertainment region of the country with projects like the Night Safari Park on the anvil.Real estate developers in the region say that this is a positive development as the master plan had been hanging for quite some time. \"It is now up to the state government to expedite development in the region by giving their nod to the plan at the earliest,\" said a developer.Authority CEO, Rama Raman, said, \"The region will have a well-planned combination of entertainment zone and industrial hubs along with world class infrastructure. While we will be making an effort to introduce international brands in the region, developers on their part will be introducing infrastructure and facilities that are available in western countries.\"\"This decision will make this region the jewel in the crown of Uttar Pradesh. The blueprint of Yamuna Expressway Authority suggests that in the next five years this area will witness massive development with world class infrastructure. Within a year, this region will also have a good population. We will start allotment of units in our projects within a week,\" said RK Arora, CMD Supertech and officer bearer of CREDAI.\"In the master plan, the Authority has allocated more than 20 sectors for commercial development,\" said Amit Gupta, a member of Assocham .The Authority has taken various steps to make ownership of many types of units in the region hurdle-free, including improving the manner of land transfers.In addition, the Authority has also decided to upload the status of housing projects, like layout plans, no objection certificates and other related documents, on the official website of YEIDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16837569", "title": "Big moolah for TV stars this Navratri", "text": "Television stars are in demand this Navratri. And the money involved is astronomical. Not surprisingly, the star attraction is huge in states like Gujarat, Rajasthan and Punjab and the stars charge anything between ` 3-8 lakh per appearance.Who: Giaa Manek Claim to Fame: Shot to fame as Gopi bahu Itinerary this navratri: Ahmedabad, Surat, Kolkata and few places in Mumbai. Star Power: ` 3-5 lakh, but the actor insists that after her participation in a reality show, her demand has gone up. \"Dance has always been my passion \u2014 be it the Gujarati folk one or the western dance \u2014 this festival gives me an opportunity to pursue my passion,\" says Giaa whose remuneration depends upon the kind of event she is attending.Who: Gurmeet Choudhary Claim to Fame: Has recently won a dance reality show. Itinerary this navratri: Is very busy with work, but might visit Kolkata and Bhuj. Star Power:\"After I have won the reality show, everyone wants a piece of me,\" he smiles.Who: Karanvir Bohra Claim to Fame: Plays a negative role in Dil Se Di Dua \u2014 Saubhagyavati Bhava. Itinerary this navratri: Ahmedabad, Baroda, Jodhpur, Guwahati and Chandigarh. Star power: ` 5-8 lakh \"This festival is a great opportunity for us to meet our fans and get feedback from them. As a kid, I used to be part of the audience and now it's wonderful to perform in front of them,\" says Karanvir.Who: Raqesh Vashisth Claim to fame: Honge Juda Na Hum. Itinerary this navratri: Raqesh and Aamna Sharif will be visiting Bilaspur. He has also been invited by the Indian community in London . Star power: ` 4-5 lakh \"The response of performing at these festivals has always been overwhelming,\" he shares.Who: Manav Gohil Claim to Fame: The Buddy Project Itinerary this navratri: Gujarat Star Power: ` 1.5-3 lakh \"It is the best time to meet your friends and admirers. I love playing garba and this festival reminds me of my childhood days when as a kid I used to take part in this festival. Going back to your own city where you have been brought makes you nostalgic,\" says Manav.Who: Hina Khan Claim to Fame: Hina became a household name as Akshara with Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai. Itinerary this navratri: Hina will be visiting Jodhpur, Kolkata, Ahemdabad, and Surat. Star power: Hina is charging anything between ` 3-4 lakh per event. \"It's always fun to be a part of this colourful festival as this is the best time to interact with your fans. The amount of love and admiration you get from your fan is amazing. I love visiting different places and trying out scrumptious delicacies of each state,\" says the actor.Who: Aamir Ali Claim to Fame: Honge Juda Na Hum Itinerary this navratri: A couple of cities in Gujarat. Star Power: ` 3 lakh per event, and will also depend on the demand. \"I like the fun and celebration which happens during this time and it's always exciting to perform in front of all your fans,\" says Aamir who will be travelling with wife Sanjeeda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16844641", "title": "2 temples, house looted in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Burglers struck at two temples and a house in the capital within hours on Monday night, sending shockwaves among people of the temple city. Altogether, the goons decamped with a booty of over Rs 10 lakh, police said.DCP Nitinjeet Singh said the three incidents were not connected with each other. \"The sites of the three crimes were long distance apart. Most probably, the three incidents didi not have any connection,\" he said. Burglars struck at Hanuman temple at Kochilei haat, a daily market, near Rasulgarh square and decamped with the ornaments of the idol worth over Rs 2 lakh. Chief priest Manoj Pandey said the silver crown of Lord Hanuman, ornaments of the idols of Ram, Laxman and Sita, and cash worth a few thousand were stolen . \"I discovered crime in the morning when I came for puja,\" he said.The temple is located inside a market, which remains crowded till 10 pm. Police suspect the miscreants broke open the temple door in the wee hours.Around 10 km away, anti-socials broke open the gates of Dola Devi temple at Uttara Chowk on the city outskirts and made off with gold and silver jewellery worth over Rs 1lakh, temple trust board secretary Pramod Bhoi said in his complaint to police.In another incident on Monday night, some men broke open a house in Madhusudannagar under Khandagiri police station and took away property worth Rs 8 lakh. Owner Sadanada Parida has filed a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16847997", "title": "Supreme Court's tiger tourism rules unlikely to impact Pachmarhi's popularity", "text": "INDORE: Tourism at one of the most popular tourist destinations of Madhya Pradesh, Pachmarhi may not get affected by the new guidelines set by Supreme Court on tourism in core areas of tiger reserves. Madhya Pradesh government may continue tourism at this picturesque location under the provisions of religious tourism.Supreme Court's interim order banning tourism in core areas of tiger reserves would have affected Pachmarhi's tourism, as most of the popular sites of this hill station of central India are within the core area of Satpura tiger reserve. Fresh guidelines are expected to be issued on Tuesday.Principal chief conservator of forest (PCCF) R K Dave said that only four per cent of area of Satpura tiger reserve is used for tiger tourism and most of the tourists coming to Pachmarhi are either coming for nature tourism or religious tourism. As per the new guidelines, there is a provision to allow religious tourism in core areas and state government has been left with the power to decide the modalities.The guidelines clearly say that the state government and the concerned department along with people associated with the religious places can decide about the modalities of tourism in the said areas. So, Pachmarhi will continue to be a tourist destination though the state government is continuously raising the issue with union government for clarifications.It is to be noted that Pachmarhi town itself falls within the buffer zone of the tiger reserve but the core areas are prime picnic spots. Officials said that picnickers frequently flock to Dhoopgarh, B-Fall, Apsara Vihar and other spots which are in the core area. After the recent order now, visitors have been barred from going to these areas and are being allowed to visit only the religious circuit with their vehicles left at the barriers. Of the 1,339 sq km core area of Satpura reserve, the tourism zone comprises only 60.4 sq km that has been out of access for visitors for some time now.Dave also said that now with the new guidelines the state will focus more on nature tourism than on tiger tourism. He said that as per the new rules tiger tourism cannot be allowed in more than 20 per cent of core area of tiger reserves. As of now, MP is using only 5 to 10 per cent of core areas of few tiger reserves like Satpura, while in some places it is up to 35 per cent.On an average around 25 per cent of core area of tiger reserves in the state were in use for tiger tourism. However that has to be reduced to 20 per cent now while maintaining the ratio at other spots where it is less than the prescribed limit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16843525", "title": "State to get vocational education commission", "text": "PUNE: The government will soon set up the Maharashtra Vocational Education Commission (MVEC) for planning, regulation and standardisation of vocational education institutes across the state, minister for higher and technical education Rajesh Tope said on Tuesday.\"The state cabinet is likely to discuss an approval for the MVEC during its meeting tomorrow. The proposal may be cleared tomorrow or latest by the next cabinet meeting on October 24,\" Tope told reporters. \"The MVEC will be the first step towards the government's eventual objective of establishing a vocational university,\" he said.Last year, a government-appointed expert panel, headed by Symbiosis Open Education Society chief Swati Mujumdar, had submitted a three-volume report recommending comprehensive reforms in vocational education in the state. One of these volumes recommended setting up of the vocational university while another one suggested the MVEC that will serve as a regulatory body for vocational institutes. The proposed reforms are also aimed at bringing the state policies in line with the HRD Ministry's National Vocational Education Qualification Framework (NVEQF), which has identified I to XI levels of qualifications. It will be easier for an industry-employer to identify a recruit for specific skills, based on the level of qualification held by the latter.Tope conceded that setting up of the vocational university may still take some time. \"We wanted to be the first state in the country to have such university. The chief minister (CM) has certain reservations about the extent of need for setting up vocational university in the immediate future. The CM has, instead, suggested us to go for the MVEC first. Gujarat government has recently established a vocational university and the state will wait and see how that university flourishes before going for a vocational varsity of its own,\" he said.A member of the Swati Mujumdar panel later told TOI that the passage of self-financed private universities bill, which is pending clearance before the state governor, is critical to the establishment of vocational university. \"As of now, there is no provision for vocational university under the state government but, the private universities bill can facilitate such move,\" the member said.Tope said, \"Vocational education in the state has remained unregulated as any private institution can start offering courses of less than nine month duration without seeking any approval from the government or state agencies. The Maharashtra state board of technical education (MSBTE) also offers a slew of vocational courses. However, there is no standardisation yet.\"\"With the MVEC, it will be mandatory for all vocational institutes to get themselves enrolled with the commission and the latter will regulate vocational studies,\" he said. \"A separate quality council under the MVEC will grant accreditation to the vocational institutes while the MSBTE, which has significant expertise in the conduct of exam, will regulate the exam part of the vocational courses,\" he added. \"We are getting two to three posts required for the MVEC sanctioned by the government,\" he said.Referring to the private universities bill, Tope said that the deadlock over the issue of reservation at private varsities is likely to be resolved on October 18 when the governor has called a meeting of all the stakeholders. Several organisations have petitioned the governor that the private universities should not be allowed to flourish without the provision of reservation. The chief minister and other senior members of the state cabinet are likely to attend this meeting.He said, \"Several prominent corporates have shown a keen interest on setting up of private universities and are waiting for the bill to be passed. This includes a Pune-based leading auto-component giant, which has initially planned a college under affiliation from the University of Pune and is ready with its detailed project report for the private university.\"On the reports submitted by the three state-appointed committee for reforms in higher education, Tope said that the financial implications of these reports is being assessed by the state finance department. One of these committees, headed by former UGC chief Arun Nigavekar, has recommended the Maharashtra Public Universities Act as a replacement for the existing Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994. Tope said, \"The multi-member Kumud Bansal committee has already identified the recommendations that can be implemented and has given a road map for implementation of the three reports in a phased manner. We are waiting for financial approvals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843122", "title": "India sends Iran papers on terror suspects", "text": "NEW DELHI: India sent official documents on four Iranian terror suspects to authorities in Tehran last week. Delhi Police have alleged Houshang Afshar Irani, Syed Ali Mahdiansadr, Mohammad Reza Abolghasemi planned and carried out the bomb terror attack against Israeli diplomat, Tal Yehoshua-Koren, here on February 13.Seyyed Abbas Araghchi, Iran's deputy foreign minister, told journalists that the documents were forwarded by the Indian ambassador in Iran, Dinkar Srivastava, only last week. \"We will review them and then take action,\" he said, adding Iran would give \"full cooperation\" to India in the probe.A Delhi Police team had travelled to Tehran early August to share the details of the investigation and ask for the arrest of the Iranian suspects. However, Iranian authorities asked for the documents. Police sources said this has added to the delay in prosecution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16844872", "title": "Central Railway rolls out 15-car service", "text": "MUMBAI: At 7.33pm on Tuesday, Central Railway (CR) reached a key milestone as the first 15-car rake meant for its suburban network chugged out of Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus.The inaugural run marked the end of a long wait among commuters for 15-car rakes, whose capacity is 25% higher than that of 12-car locals, on the CST-Kalyan route. For now, CR will run 16 such services on the Fast corridor, including a few during the peak hours (see box).The station wore a festive look as CR general manager Subodh Jain flagged off the Kalyan-bound Siemens rake from platform number 7. A red carpet was laid at the Masjid end of the platform even as the train was decked up with flowers and a band performed at the station to mark the occasion.The stations where the 15-car rakes will stop include Byculla, Dadar, Kurla, Ghatkopar, Mulund, Thane and Dombivli.The new rakes give women passengers a lot to cheer about. \"We have decided to use two of the three additional bogies as ladies second class and first class coaches. The third coach will be a mix of general second class and general first class,\" said V A Malegaonkar, chief public relations officer of CR.Welcoming the move to earmark extra coaches for women, Leela Martin of Kalyan said, \"The authorities have done a good job by increasing the capacity for women commuters.\"However, a section of commuters was not happy with the configuration. \"They should have earmarked more space for general second class passengers. This will not solve the problem of overcrowding,\" said Prashant Zende, who, too, lives in Kalyan.Apart from extending the length of platforms, CR had to shift signals and carry out yard remodeling to pave the way for its 15-car services.Malegaonkar said, \"As there was no matching 3-car unit available in the standard 9- and12-car formats, we had to modify the standard units at the Matunga workshop, which was technically quite difficult.\"The 15-car service was originally scheduled to make its debut on Monday, but was postponed due to technical reasons.Western Railway has been running 15-car services on its suburban network since 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16845204", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa's aide V Dhananjay Kumar is shown the door", "text": "BANGALORE: The BJP sent a strong message on Tuesday to former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa that it would not hesitate to take action against him by expelling his close aide and former Union minister V Dhananjay Kumar for antiparty activities.The high command also asked its state unit not to worry if he leaves . The punitive action against Kumar , a cabinet minister in the Vajpayee government , comes a day after state BJP president KS Eshwarappa met party's national president Nitin Gadkari in New Delhi. Gadkari reportedly asked Eshwarappa and the party not to break their heads over Yeddyurappa exit.\"He has been expelled on antiparty activities ,\" Raghunath Rao Malkapure , chairman , disciplinary committee of the state unit , told TOI. He was served a show-cause notice last week following his outburst against leaders . Last month , he was removed as state representative in New Delhi following reports of being \"ineffective and a non-performer\" .Kumar was asked to reply to the show-cause notice within seven days . On Tuesday , he launched an attack against Eshwarappa , chief minister Jagadish Shettar , former CM DV Sadananda Gowda , party's national general secretary HNAnanth Kumar and senior leader Santhosh . \"Instead of controlling the mob near Mandya during the Cauvery agitation on the Bangalore-M ysore highway , Shettar put additional security at his residence ,\" Kumar alleged .Kumar said : \"Expulsion from the party was expected and shows how the party is in the grip of a few individuals . There's also a procedural lapse in the expulsion which will affect the party very badly .\"Even as the expulsion was made public , Yeddyurappa dared the party to take similar action against him . Reacting to Sadananda Gowda 's statement on Monday that the BJP would not lose anything if Yeddyurappa quits , he said :\"Let Goddess Chamundi punish the evil and protect the good .\" Gadkari asked Eshwarappa to continue as state BJP president till the assembly elections next year . Eshwarappa had offered to resign because of his additional responsibilities as Dy CM in charge of revenue and rural development . The party has decided to face elections under collective leadership involving Shettar (Lingayat ), Eshwarappa (Kuruba ), Kumar (Brahmin ), R Ashoka (Vokkaliga ) and Govind M Karjol (Dalit ). Meanwhile , municipal administration minister Balachander Jarkiholi will get the additional portfolio of Karnataka Urban Water Supply and Drainage Board on Wednesday . Currently , law minister Suresh Kumar has been handling this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843601", "title": "Chargesheet filed against Pak spy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police has filed a chargesheet against Zubair Khan, an alleged spy arrested on the charges of passing on Indian Army secrets to an 'agent' in Pakistan High Commission. He had been asked to gather information on government officials and journalists who frequently visit Pakistan.The chargesheet was filed by the crime branch in the court of chief metropolitan magistrate Vidya Prakash. In the chargesheet, Delhi Police has said that 37-year-old Zubair, a resident of Jamia Nagar in south Delhi, used to procure secret information and documents relating to Indian Army and other government departments and hand them over to a person named Alvi, whom he had met at the Commission.The police probe revealed that Zubair used to collect the documents and photographs from a man called Shahid and submit them to Alvi. Alvi sent names and addresses of ministry officials, journalists and students to Zubair via SMSs.Zubair, a native of Kakrala Village in Uttar Pradesh, was arrested from Kalindi Kunj Park on July 17 by the anti-extortion cell of crime branch. The agency said Zubair was nabbed while he was waiting for Alvi. Five photographs relating to the India Army and three papers containing telephone numbers and addresses of Army officials were recovered from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16844274", "title": "Johar Yatra: Protesting teachers greet Munda with black flags", "text": "RANCHI: Unhappy about the fact their demands were not fulfilled even after being on strike for 50 days, a group of 500 para teachers showed black flags to chief minister Arjun Munda as he started his Johar Yatra on Tuesday.Munda was greeted with black flags when he reached Tamar. Vinod Tiwari, a para teacher said, \"The chief minister promised to speak to us before starting his Johar Yatra but he did not. Now we have decided that unless the CM talks to us, we will show him black flag everywhere he goes. We will also gherao his residence from November 3 for 12 days.\"The para teachers also protested when the chief minister stopped at the Deori temple to offer prayer but they soon fled as the city SP ordered their arrest.A rumour was spread that the human resources development minister Baidyanath Ram had invited the para teachers for a meeting. Tiwari said, \"We got to know about the invitation through a local newspaper which quoted the minister saying he wants to talk to us on Tuesday. None of us went to meet him as we were not officially invited.\" He said it was only a hoax for tricking the para teachers for not demonstrating during the yatra. \"Nothing would have happened even if we had gone for negotiations.\"The HRD minister, however, has issued an appeal in all local newspapers requesting the para teachers to join work keeping in mind the students' welfare.Reacting to the appeal, Tiwari said, \"If they are so worried about the children, why are they not concerned about those who are imparting education to these kids. How much will the children respect us when they see us going to conduct classes wearing torn clothes and damaged chappals? The government should also think about the teachers' welfare.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16845281", "title": "Court rejects National Textile Corporation objection plea", "text": "INDORE: District court on Tuesday rejected the objection application of Deepak Saxena of National Textile Corporation (NTC) in Swadeshi Mill land scam case on the ground of premature objection application. Next hearing in the case is scheduled on November 1.Advocate Shivshankar Dashore said that on Tuesday, court rejected the objection application of Deepak Saxena of National Textile Corporation terming it immature and not maintainable.Earlier, the special sessions court had admitted a complaint filed by former MLA Suresh Seth on August 31 against industry minister Kailash Vijayvargiya, mayor Krishnamirari Moghe, mayor-in-council members\u2014Ajay Singh Naruka, Munalal Yadav, Jawahar Mangwani, Sapna Chouhan, Suresh Kurwade, Chandu Shinde, Swati Sharma, Padma Bhoje, Dilip Sharma and Gopal Mallu, municipal commissioner Yogndra Shamra, then commissioner of Indore Municipal Corporation P B Singh, Deepak Saxena of National Textile Corporation (NTC), Himanshu Shah and K Ramchandra Pillai of Sofia Real Estate, former chief secretary Rakesh Sahini, then collector of Indore Vivek Agrawal, then tehshildar R S Rajput, then SDO Manoj Pushp and chief operating officer of Sofia Real Estate O P Agrawal in connection with Swadeshi Mill land scam case.Following which, Deepak Saxena of National Textile Corporation had filed an interim application to be given a chance to present his view, which was rejected by court on Tuesday saying that it was premature and he will be given chance later.Advocate Dashore said that in complaint, Suresh Seth had alleged that 15.32 acre of land of Swadeshi Mill was sold to a builder in violation of rules. He added that now they will press for investigation by the competent agency in the land scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "16845504", "title": "Skeletal remains: Police still clueless", "text": "KOLLAM: Police are groping in the dark regarding the identity of the remains of a skeleton found inside a well at Puthur in the district on Monday.Puthur sub inspector Mubarak P I has said that the remains had been taken to the state forensic laboratory in Thiruvanathapuram for further examination to know whether the remains indeed belonged to a human being as suspected or an animal.He said that the presence of a mobile phone with a SIM card in it and the remains of a hammer found along with the skeleton added the suspicion that it was a human skeleton. In a primary inquiry conducted the forensic experts from the district have found that the skeleton was three to four years of old.Meanwhile, the probe launched by the Puthur police to find out the list of missing people from the locality has come across a hurdle.\"The police station was established in 2010. We couldn't find any missing complaint from the station limits since then. So we have passed the information to all neighbouring stations and requested to hand over all available data of missing persons,\" the SI said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16844958", "title": "Engineering student rapes friend, arrested", "text": "Byappanahalli police on Tuesday arrested an engineering student for allegedly raping a 19-year-old girl in his Kaggadasapura house late Sunday night.Preliminary investigations revealed that the accused and victim had been dating and planned to marry.Police identified the accused as Chandru alias Chandrashekar Hanumanthappa , 21, a final-year electronics and communications student with SET College in Kaggadasapura. He is from Gulbarga.According to sources close to the duo, the victim and accused had known each other for a year. \"She is a secondyear diploma student. She met him in 2011 when she came to her cousin's house in Kaggadasapura,\" sources said. On Sunday, the victim visited the accused and asked him to help out with her project. \"She was there all night and neighbours said they did not hear any shouts or screams,\"police said.When the victim returned home on Monday morning, her father asked where she was the previous night. \"The girl told them the accused had raped her. Her father filed a rape complaint on Monday and we nabbed the accused today,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16842722", "title": "Producers to share profits with theatre owners", "text": "HYDERABAD: Producers want exhibitors to screen all films on the occupancy ratio profit sharing basis from November 15 onwards. This is set to become controversial as economics in Tollywood is somewhat complicated.Keeping mainly the interests of small film producers in mind the Telugu Film Producers' Council (TFPC) has taken a decision that all exhibitors (theatre owners) should share profits as per a formula. In this occupancy ratio formula, the producers will not have to pay rent to exhibitors. If this new rule is implemented, it is the small film producer who stands to benefit.Though most of the small films have limited collection, the producer will get some amount of money as per this formula. This, however, will be a disadvantage for the theatre owner.As of now, the theatre owners are playing it safe with small films. They rent out the theatre to the producer and even if the producer suffers a loss, the theatre owner is spared as he gets his rent.On the other hand, producers of big budget films are more comfortable with the idea of paying rent instead of sharing any profit depending on occupancy. They pay a fixed amount as rent and if the film does well, which is assured for at least for a couple of weeks, the producers keep all the profits. For this reason, the new rule that the TFPC is trying to enforce from November 15 will not be acceptable to big budget film producers.While the TFPC is trying to bring in the new rule, exhibitors are wondering why producers should try to regulate the way in which they conduct their business. \"In any case, we really will have no objection to screen films on the occupancy ratio profit sharing formula. The only condition is that it should apply to all films.It is only then that it will be acceptable to us. Otherwise, why would theatre owners want to lose money screening small films?\" a senior office-bearer of the Telangana Film Chamber of Commerce said. It will be interesting to see how the TFPC enforces the new rule. But, before that happens, one will have to see whether the new publicity regulations will also be followed by big film producers. From November 1, the film producers' council has asked producers to restrict expenditure on film publicity especially the use of huge vinyl hoardings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16843032", "title": "Engineering student jumps to death", "text": "HYDERABAD: An engineering student jumped to death from the fifth floor of her apartment complex in Nizampet on Tuesday.The victim was identified as Kiran Shashanka, 18, daughter of real estate agent Ranga Rao. She was B Tech first year student of Gitam Engineering College, Rudraram.KPHB sub-inspector Juka Reddy said Shashanka was undergoing treatment for psychological problems.On Tuesday morning, Shashanka told her grandparents that she was going for a walk. Instead, she went to the terrace of their five-storied apartment complex.\"The girl then jumped from the terrace and she came in contact with 11 KV electricity wires before hitting the ground. Shashanka suffered critical injuries and she was rushed to a nearby hospital by her family members, where doctors declared her brought dead,\" the SI said.There was no suicide note and police booked a suspicious death case under section 174 of the Criminal Procedure Court (CrPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16845154", "title": "Three hurt as scooter rams cop\u2019s bike", "text": "THANE: A 35-year-old woman and two minors were injured after their scooter rammed into a traffic constable's bike on Tuesday.The incident took place around 1.30pm, when Praniti Manval, her daughter Shruti (11) and her friend Sai Shirodkar (12) were on the scooter. Manval said she was riding at normal speed past the Teen petrol pump junction on LBS Road, when traffic police constable Ramesh Atkikar, who was allegedly speeding on a new police bike, whizzed past them and is believed to have suddenly maneuvered his bike towards the right.\"Manval immediately applied the brakes; however, she could not stop the scooter from ramming into the cop's bike,\" an eyewitness told TOI.Locals took Manval and the two girls to a hospital. Shruti has sustained a fracture as she was fell off the scooter and landed on her hand, while Shirodkar suffered injuries on her hands and shoulders. Manval hurt her elbow. Reportedly, Atkikar, who was in the uniform, waited till the victims were taken to the hospital, but subsequently, slipped away. No charges have been filed against the constable as the victims, say cops, were reluctant to initiate legal proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16842640", "title": "PM announces $50m for biodiversity protection", "text": "HYDERABAD: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday announced a $50 million fund for biodiversity conservation in India and said that India had earmarked funds to promote similar capacity building in developing countries. The PM was in the city to inaugurate the high-level segment of the ongoing conference of parties (CoP-11) on the convention of biological diversity (CBD). His announcement, however, failed to bring cheer to activists who pointed out that the seemingly princely amount was just 0.1 % of the coal scam figure.PM said that the $50 million funding will be used to enhance the technical and human capabilities of the nation and state-level mechanisms to attain CBD objectives. \"We have also earmarked funds to promote similar capacity building in developing countries,\" Manmohan Singh added while also launching the `Hyderabad Pledge' on protecting biodiversity.He also confirmed India's stand on the Nagoya Protocol on access and benefit sharing and said that his government had recently ratified it and formalized its commitment to the protocol. As the chair of the convention, the Prime Minister urged other parties to do likewise noting how concerted global action, in this area, was imperative and could not brook delay. \"Despite global efforts, the 2010 biodiversity target that we set for ourselves under the CBD was not fully met. This situation needs to change,\" Manmohan Singh said adding that the real critical issue was the mobilization of necessary financial, technical and human resources.He even showered generous praise on the \"densely populated country\" for having designated a total of 605 protected areas covering approximately 4.74% of the total geographical area of the nation. Stressing on special programmes for endangered species initiated by his government, Manmohan said how it had helped in increasing the number of tigers from an estimated 1,411 in 2006 to 1,706 in 2010.While activists cried foul over India's commitment to 'green' issues and protection of forest dwellers who they claimed were increasingly being displaced to make way for \"state sponsored corporate plunder of the forests\", the Prime Minister maintained that protection and promotion of biodiversity was an integral part of the country's ethos.Lauding the traditional knowledge of India he said his government had adopted a unique approach, in the form of a traditional knowledge digital library, to protect this data that had recently become restricted in its use because of the modern intellectual system.\"This data base has 34 million pages of information in five international languages in formats easily accessible by patent examiners,\" the Prime Minister added.\"India's ratification of the Nagoya Protocol sends out a powerful message of support for this new legal instrument and its significance to many countries, particularly biologically-rich developing countries,\" said Braulio Ferreira de Souza Dias, executive secretary, CBD.While flagging off the high-level segment, Dias called upon parties to look at expenditure on biodiversity not as costs but as investments that would pay back with significant environmental and economic benefits.Minister of environment and forests, Jayanthi Natarajan too stressed the need for delegates to arrive at a consensus on resource mobilization by the end of the summit on October 19.Greenpeace representatives rued that the funds earmarked for biodiversity protection were a mere 0.1% of the coal scam figure in India. \"The PM's speech can only be described in two words: hypocrisy and failure,\" said Vinuta Gopal, Head of Climate and Energy Campaign, Greenpeace India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16843565", "title": "Revaluation racket: College clerk held", "text": "PUNE: Investigations made by the Cantonment police have revealed that 21 students, who had failed their subjects, are suspected to have approached the main suspect, Gaus Shabbir Shaikh, to get their papers cleared in the revaluation process.The police have got the seat numbers and the code numbers of these 21 students. The police have decided to send the list to the University of Pune to recheck these papers.Shaikh was arrested by the social security cell of the Pune crime branch led by inspector Bhaunpratap Barge for allegedly sending bright students to write examinations in place of others in some colleges in the city.During interrogation Shaikh revealed that he also gave the seat numbers and code numbers of some of the students who had failed to a clerk, Salim Majid Shaikh (43), working in a city-based college. Salim would use his links in the examination department in the University of Pune to get the students passed in the revaluation process. Shaikh charged Rs 15,000 to Rs 20,000 from these students. \"We arrested Salim on Sunday,\" said Nitin Jadhav, inspector of the Cantonment police station.Jadhav said that during probe, police got the list of 21 such students, who had failed in their subjects, but later got cleared in the revaluation process. All of them had approached Shaikh. \"We will sending the list to the UoP. We suspect the involvement of some people from the UoP,\" Jadhav said. Jadhav said that he had visited the varsity and informed them about the matter. \"The university has taken it seriously. They have formed a fact finding committee and begun internal enquiry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16845453", "title": "More ragging allegations surface", "text": "VADODARA: It seems that the allegations of ragging made by a first year student have opened up a can of worms at M S University's Department of Architecture at Faculty of Technology and Engineering.Even as MSU has put five senior students on probation in connection with the ragging allegations that surfaced last week, another parent from the city has alleged that his ward too had faced ragging at the department.The parent has alleged that her son is in depression since 2006 when he took admission in the bachelors programme of architecture. As per the boy's parents the ragging incident has jeopardized his career and spoiled five precious years of his life.\"He is undergoing treatment from a city-based psychiatrist,\" boy's mother told media persons, adding that her son had first taken admission in the Halls of Residence as the parents were on a government job outside the city.\"My child had to undergo harassment as his seniors forced him to smoke and were emotionally blackmailing him. He had tried to start attending his classes again this academic year but stopped doing so within a week,\" she said, adding that the boy is under such depression that the family does not want to give a formal complaint against the ragging incident.MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh told TOI that he is collecting all the required information regarding the second ragging complaint. \"I will visit his house personally and do everything needful to help the student,\" he said, admitting that as per the University Grants Commission guidelines anti-ragging sign boards have not been put up across the campus.\"We will now take it up on a priority basis,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16845703", "title": "Hasan calling, district hospitals turn clean", "text": "KANPUR: The district hospital was given a facelift on the eve of visit by state health minister Ahmed Hassan here on Tuesday. The minister is visiting the city on Wednesday to inaugurate a primary health centre at Meharban Singh Ka Purwa. Preparations kept health department officials on their toes and they were on duty on Tuesday despite the holiday. The were busy managing incomplete paper work before the minister's visit.The city has a new PHC at Meharban Singh Ka Purwa and will be inaugurated on October 17 Hassan. He will also take part in the annual event of the Paramedical Institute as chief guest.Due to the scheduled visit of the health minister, roads near the PHC were constructed overnight. At several other places work to patch up was done on roads the minister's vehicles will pass.Apart from health department offices, preparations were on at a hectic pace in district hospitals too including at Ursala Horseman Hospital and Kamlapat Singhania memorial hospital. This has benefited patients admitted to the hospital wards which were clean after a long time. The last time the district hospitals were cleaned so quickly and thoroughly was before the visit of former chief minister Mayawati.The minister's expected visit has also made officials and doctors of the hospitals fill up the incomplete referral registers and other OPD documents. Even the medicine shortage in the district hospitals has been made up for with full stock.The class-IV employees of the hospitals were ordered to clean every nook and corner of the hospital. The cleaning staff was present in the hospital till late in the evening.The dirty and the shabby corners of the hospitals which otherwise remain stained with pan masala have been painted and white-washed. Water coolers and other drinking water sources are being painted and cleaned prior to the ministerial visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843426", "title": "BJP, IAC demand probe into Ashok Khemka's transfer", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ruling Congress's war with opposition BJP and India Against Corruption (IAC) escalated on Tuesday over the transfer of an IAS officer in Haryana who had ordered a probe into Robert Vadra's land deals.Both BJP and IAC demanded a probe into the matter, with media reports highlighting the transfer of Ashok Khemka, as Congress denied allegations that Khemka's transfer had any link to Vadra's case.Condemning the transfer of the officer probing the land dealings of Vadra, BJP said this was an attempt to convey that anybody who \"questions the first family of the party will not be spared\".\"We condemn the shunting out of the official within hours after he initiated a probe into the land dealings of Robert Vadra and ordered cancellation of mutation of some of the dealings. This transfer is victimization and exposes the 'Emergency mindset' of the Congress,\" party spokesperson Prakash Javadekar said.He questioned the hurry in delivering the transfer order to Khemka at 10 pm. Demanding an impartial probe into the matter, Javdekar said, \"We want the matter to be probed as there are charges of a quid pro quo and of undue benefits. Had it been a private deal, we would not have made this demand.\"BJP said the Congress government in Haryana was not taking the probe further as ordered by Khemka but was investigating the conduct of the officer. \"The message is clear that the one who questions the dynasty will not be spared. If you do so, you will suffer, you will be punished,\" Javadekar said.Anti-corruption activist Arvind Kejriwal also criticized the Haryana government for Khemka's transfer, saying it was extremely unfortunate that an honest officer was transferred over 40 times in the last 19 years.\"Ashok Khemka is a very honest IAS officer of Haryana. He has been transferred 40 times in the last 19 years. He ordered a probe into Robert Vadra's land deals. He is the inspector general of land records in Haryana. He was transferred soon after he ordered the probe,\" Kejriwal said.\"I want to know from the Haryana chief minister that is there a policy in Haryana for transfer of IAS officers? He was transferred in three months. Does that transfer policy say that if you say anything against Vadra's land then you will be transferred,\" he added.Congress, however, denied the charges with party general secretary in-charge of Haryana B K Hariprasad saying, \"The allegations are baseless. There is no witch hunt. We do not question the integrity of the officer. It is the prerogative of the government to transfer any bureaucrat. The chief secretary will be able to brief about reasons behind the transfers.\"The opposition also asked why Sonia and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh were silent on the issue.BJP said there were media reports that the 3.5 acres bought by Vadra in Manesar, Haryana, belonged to dalits who had sold it to the state government. Vadra bought it for Rs 8 crore and sold it to DLF after 65 days for Rs 58 crore, by when the land use was changed from agriculture to residential, the party said.The opposition party referred to the denial by Corporation Bank that it had given an overdraft to Vadra, a claim made by the latter. \"Congress is in complete shambles and in doldrums. It is trying to protect Robert Vadra. We want an honest and impartial probe into the charges,\" Javdekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16845832", "title": "Special trains between Tirunelveli and Dadar", "text": "MADURAI: The Southern Railway (SR) has announced weekly special trains between Tirunelveli - Dadar to clear the extra rush of passengers. Train number 06746 Tirunelveli - Dadar weekly special will leave Tirunelveli at 7.10am every Wednesdays and arrive Dadar at 4.25pm on Thursdays. The train to Dadar will be operated on October 17, 24 and 31.In the return direction, train number 06745 Dadar - Tirunelveli weekly special will leave Dadar at 8.40pm every Fridays and arrive Tirunelveli at 9.45am on Sundays. The train to Tirunelveli will be operated on October 19, 26 and November 2. The composition of the trains will be one AC two-tier, six sleeper class, six general second class and two luggage-cum-brake van coaches.The trains will halt at Kovilpatti, Virudhunagar, Madurai, Dindigul, Karur, Erode, Tirupur, Coimbatore, Palakkad, Shoranur Jn, Kozhikode, Kannur, Mangalore Jn, Udupi, Honnavar, Karwar, Madgaon, Thivim, Kankavali, Ratnagiri, Chipluri, Roha, Panvel and Thane.Meanwhile, SR has announced that some of the trains in Madurai division will be temporarily augmented with additional coaches. Train number 16701/16702 Chennai Egmore - Rameswaram - Chennai Egmore Express will be attached with one sleeper class coach and one general second class coach from October 15 to January 15, 2013.Train number 16735/16736 Chennai Egmore - Tiruchendur - Chennai Egmore Express will be attached with one sleeper class coach from October 15 to January 15, 2013, an official statement from the railways stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16844733", "title": "Chemists\u2019 strike withdrawn after talks", "text": "NAGPUR: The proposed strike of druggists and chemists from Tuesday did not materialize, but it has resulted into some initiatives being taken in the interest of both the medicine shop owners and patients.The strike was taken back by the Maharashtra State Chemists and Druggists Association (MSCDA) following dialogue between the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) commissioner Mahesh Zagade and the state FDA minister Satej Patil.Zagade said that majority of the demands of the association were not beyond his purview and so most issues could be resolved across the table. \"Many good things evolved from the meeting. And most of them are in the interest of patients. The best part was that the association also agreed to the need of presence of a pharmacist in the shop, a rule of the law which the system has failed to implement since 1945,\" he said.Chemists have been selling drugs without bothering to check who has prescribed the medicine; whether the dosage is right and the combination of drugs rational; and what effect it will have on the patient's body. A trained pharmacist is expected to be vigilant and aware of all these issues.A pharmacist is also expected to scrutinize doctors' prescriptions. He/she has the power to return a doctor's prescription if there are any discrepancies in it. \"But not a single pharmacist has returned a prescription all these years, even if it was from a quack. Hence the need for strict implementation of law,\" said Zagade.The association is also introducing a concept of a community pharmacist. \"In the absence of a pharmacist, a community pharmacist would replace the licensee. Actual modalities of this will be worked out soon. It is in the best interest of pharmacist and much beyond business,\" said Zagade.Another positive result of the dialogue is that there will be uniformity in punishment for the same offence to the licensee by FDA across state. There is no law so far for this but it will help in making things more legal. It will prevent extreme actions by FDA as well. The dialogue also resulted in formation of a state drug advisory committee which will meet at least quarterly to solve issues between FDA and MSCDA.President of the Nagpur Chemists and Druggists Association Ravi Goyal is happy that the FDA and the government agreed to fulfil most of the association's demands. \"Our state president Jagannath Shinde, secretary P R Uttarwar held discussions with FDA and minister and positive attitude from the FDA resolved the issues,\" said Goyal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16844715", "title": "Diarrhoea claims 3 in Ganjam", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Three persons, including a woman, have died and over 110 affected by diarrhoea in Ganjam's Patrapur village and adjoining areas in the last five days. The latest victim is Suna Kunda (50) of Samantarapalli village near Patrapur. She died on Monday.But official sources put the death toll due to diarrhoea at one. \"While one person died due to multiple ailments, the second succumbed during treatment by a quack,\" a medical officer said. He said though the disease has affected people in nine adjoining villages, it is under control.Two patients are under treatment at the health centre in Patrapur, said additional district medical officer (ADMO) L K Rath, adding that no fresh case was reported from the area on Tuesday.The health administration has deployed i a medical team and an ambulance in the affected area to treat the patients, he said.District officials, including the additional district magistrate (ADM) Lingaraj Rath visited the diarrhoea-hit villages to assess the situation on Monday, while sub-collector (Berhampur) Ajit Mishra has been monitoring the situation with health officials for the last three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kumbakonam", "code": "16845867", "title": "83-year-old man dies waiting 3hrs for treatment in hospital", "text": "KUMBAKONAM: The death of an 83-year-old man at the Kumbakonam government hospital on Tuesday led to a protest and road blockade by his relatives, who blamed the hospital administration for delaying treatment by nearly three hours. Even though the hospital admitted to a shortage of doctors, they claimed that the patient had been brought dead.Jayapal (83), from Thuvarankurichi near Kumbakonam, was brought to the casualty ward following a respiratory problem. According to his relatives, he was made to wait for nearly three hours in the ward as there were no doctors to attend on him. Meanwhile, his condition deteriorated. Eventually, a doctor attended to him, but by then he had died.Jayapal's relatives raised a protest against the hospital for failing to provide emergency treatment to him, and blocked roads. Police rushed to the spot and pacified the protesters.When contacted, Dr S Paramasivam, resident medical officer of Kumbakonam government hospital, said the patient was brought dead. The doctors in the casualty ward did not delay treatment but the relatives were instigated by some elements to protest against the hospital.The RMO admitted that the hospital suffered from a severe shortage of doctors. There were only 22 doctors against the sanctioned strength of 38, he said.The hospital administration was struggling to handle 400 inpatients and more than 1,000 outpatients daily from in around Kumbakonam and neighbouring districts such as Ariyalur and Perambalur with the existing staff strength, he added.Another doctor in the hospital on condition of anonymity said, \"We repeatedly demanded that the director of medical services fill vacancies of doctors. But there was no response to our demand so far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16845874", "title": "During Durga Puja CM prods task force to keep tabs on prices", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee held a routine meeting at Writers' Buildings on Tuesday to take stock of the prices of fish, vegetables and fruits and asked the members of the task force to keep a check on the markets during Durga Puja.Apart from Mamata, agriculture minister Rabindranath Bhattacharya and other senior officials of the agriculture and fisheries department presided over the meet.The CM, who is against monetary taxation on the common man, had formed the 11-member task force early in July to check the sky-high prices of vegetables and fish.It has been decided that changes will be made in the previous method of giving waterbodies maintained by the fisheries department out on lease. \"All this while, the waterbodies were given on lease to people according to preferences. But henceforth tenders will be floated and waterbodies will be leased out to the highest bidder. This has been done to bring transparency in the system. The authorities also are working on rainwater harvesting to create more waterbodies,\" said an official.At present, about 14 lakh metric tonne of fish is being produced in the state, while there's a requirement of about 16 lakh metric tonne. The deficit of 2 lakh metric tonne is being met by the state by importing fish from the south. The dearth in supply has also failed to bring down hilsa prices, oscillating between Rs 700 and Rs 1,200 per kilogram at present.However, officials said that prices of vegetables and fruits were stable. The task force will be visiting the city markets during Puja to keep tabs on the prices. The ban on export of potatoes to other states will be temporarily withdrawn till the festive season ends. Fresh potato production is likely to start from the end of this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16845611", "title": "Hotels ready for Navaratra fasting, feasting", "text": "KANPUR: The nine-day navaratra period started with festive fun and religious fervour on Tuesday. Apart from puja and rituals, fasting and feasting are also an important part of the daily activities of the people. Hotels and restaurants are leaving no stones unturned in preparing 'falahari' dishes.Even the confectionery shops are loaded with 'falahari' stuff for the devotees.\"The festivities give foodies a chance to experience special food. We have introduced a special Navratra menu in our restaurant,\" owner of a restaurant in Cantt said. The restaurant is offering special fast 'thali' which contains a lot of stuff that can be share among a group of people. The list also includes special dishes like sabudana ki tikki, sabudana papad, kheer, pakodas and many more.\"We offer steamed food to people who avoid fat and fried food. And our steamed sabudana khichdi is a delicious dish,\" said owner of a sweet and falahari shop on Birhana Road.People with sweet tooth have options like sabudana ki kheer and aloo/lauki ka halwa which are high on demand these days.The oldtimers live on a diet of yam, fruits and curd. \"It hardly remains a fast if one consumes numerous eatables. Earlier, we used to have one meal a day and sometimes a fruit and glass of milk to keep us going the entire day. But, this has changed now. There is hardly fasting, instead people end up eating more during this period,\" said 67-year-old Ganga.Fasting also has a scientific reason. This time is an intervening period between monsoon and winter. Sunlight gradually started dimming. It makes digestive system of the people weak.Experts say that during this period the body's immune system gets attuned to seasonal changes, hence light and easily digestible food should be taken.Sanitation woes continue for localsThe Navaratra festivities have begun but the pile of garbage and filth witnessed at every nook and corner here in the city is giving tough time to the locals.Overflowing garbage bins and filthy dumping grounds are a common site here in industrial city these days. Though this was the scenario with interior areas earlier but now even the main roads have become the victim of unplanned cleanliness drives of KMC.In some areas, garbage dumps right in front of temples and Durga Puja Pandals can be seen. Such places include Durga Puja Mahotsava at Kidwai Nagar, Govind Nagar to name a few.Even the Ramlila grounds are not spared by KMC sanitation workers. The Ramlila ground of Saket Nagar is still waiting to be cleaned while the open manholes at Baradevi Ramlila ground is another reason for the woes of organizers.Apart from the interior lanes and bylanes of the city, the prime lanes like Civil Lines, Parade Chauk, Kidwai Nagar also witnessed flooded dustbins and garbage littered all around.The number of prominent crossings and residential areas in the heart of city were also found to be surrounded by heaps of waste and filth on the day one of Navratra.To make matters worse, the open drains and nullahs at roadsides were also found to blocked and chocked. \"No sanitation worker came to collect garbage on the first day of Navratri. This is what forced us to throw garbage into the nearby empty plot or to take the dustbins to the KMC garbage bins,\" said Ankita, a local at Shankaracharya Nagar.Similar words were echoed by Ashu, resident of Babupurwa where the KMC bins are flooded from past several days and the A2Z workers are not shifting the garbage even after the fact that Ramlila is also taking place in the nearby ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16846472", "title": "Australian MP questions Gillard over award to Sachin Tendulkar", "text": "MELBOURNE: An Australian politician has questioned Prime Minister Julia Gillard's decision to award an Order of Australia to iconic Indian cricketer Sachin Tendulkar for his contribution to sport.Federal Independent MP Rob Oakshott who expressed his love for Little Master, said the special award should not be used for diplomatic gain, the ABC news reported.\"I love Sachin Tendulkar, I love cricket. But I just have a problem with soft diplomacy as you call it,\" he said, adding \"Getting in on the act of the Australian honours.\"Oakeshott said the Order should be focused on recognising Australians doing community work instead.\"I'm not going to die in a ditch over it...but it's about the integrity of the honours list which should be for Australians,\" he said.He said that Tendulkar was an \"obvious diplomatic touch point\", and further suggested setting up an inter-nation gong, such as an \"Australia-India award\".On Tuesday Gillard, who is currently on her three day visit in New Delhi, had announced that Tendulkar would receive the special honour.\"This is a very special honour, very rarely awarded to someone who is not an Australian citizen or an Australian national,\" she said.\"He is away playing cricket - surprise, surprise - but the award will be conferred on him by Minister [Simon] Crean when [he] visits India,\" he said.ABC also quoted Australia India Youth Dialogue chairman Ruchir Punjabi as saying that approach has worked with the Indian public.\"I think perhaps the Order of Australia to Sachin Tendulkar is probably going to be bigger than the nuclear issue,\" he said.\"I think the nuclear issue is a trust issue with the Indian government whereas the Order of Australia to Sachin Tendulkar is going to be the headline in most newspapers here. And I think ... things like that play an important role in bringing the two countries closer,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "16843184", "title": "ABVP, NSUI file FIRs on Guru Charan College poll row", "text": "SILCHAR: The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) and the National Students' Union of India (NSUI) have filed separate FIRs over the nullification of the students' body election at Guru Charan College, which was held on October 11.The ABVP on Monday filed an FIR at Silchar PS accusing GC College principal Bibhash Dev and deputy superintendent of police (Silchar) Lekhak Saikia of using batons on students and firing teargas shells targeting ABVP members and supporters. They also accused the principal and the police of\"allowing an NSUI supporter to snatch ballot papers from the counting table on the evening of the day of election when the counting of votes was in progress.\"The ABVP also sought the resignation of the principal for his failure to conduct the election peacefully and to declare the results. They alleged that the principal shared \"a good rapport with the NSUI and the Congress.\" They urged the police to take action against the principal and the DSP for the violence, in which seven students, all belonging to the ABVP, were injured.The NSUI, on the other hand, filed an FIR, also at Silchar PS, against Kanad Purkayasthya, a BJP leader and eight others, including BJP and ABVP members, for their alleged role in the violence on the day of the election when the counting was in progress.The NSUI, in its complaint, alleged that the violence broke out on the college campus on the day of election soon after Kanad Purkayasthya, son of Silchar Lok Sabha member Kabindra Purkayasthya, entered the college campus. According to the Congress student body, the BJP leader was instrumental in instigating ABVP members to start the violence and disrupt the election process.Meanwhile, ABVP members on Monday gheraoed the principal, demanding declaration of election results immediately. They also staged a dharna in front of the principal's office. Later, police dispersed the agitators.Sources said all the seven students injured due to baton charge by the CRPF on election day belong to the ABVP. They include Utpal Suklabaidya, a TDC final year student and son of former MLA and senior BJP leader Parimal Suklabaidya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16843494", "title": "42-year-old man dies of swine flu, seven others test positive", "text": "PUNE: A 42-year-old man from Mundhwa died of swine flu on Monday, taking the city's H1N1 death toll to 22 since this April. Also, six more people and a four-month-old baby tested positive for swine flu on Tuesday.The man who died on Monday had developed symptoms like fever with throat pain on October 12 and breathlessness from the next day. \"He had been suffering from diabetes but was not on regular treatment,\" said a health official of the Pune Municipal Corporation.The victim was initially taken to the railway hospital, then to the tertiary care hospital and finally to the KEM Hospital in Pune on October 13. The hospital immediately referred him to the Sassoon Hospital due to non-availability of beds in its intensive care unit (ICU). He was taken to the Sassoon Hospital on the same day.However, on October 14, he sought discharge against medical advice and got himself admitted to the Sahyadri Hospital in Bibvewadi. Here, he was intubated. However, following requests from his relatives he was shifted to Noble Hospital in Hadapsar on October 15 and was put on ventilator support. However, his condition worsened and all attempts to revive him failed. He died at 10.04 pm on Monday.\"The condition of all of those who tested positive for swine flu on Tuesday is stable and they are recovering,\" said health officials.Swine flu is a respiratory infection. It exploits a weakened immune system to attack major organs, especially lungs. When it gets into the lungs, it can lead to pneumonia, which can be fatal. The flu can also cause secondary infections to the body leading to failure of vital organs and death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16843842", "title": "Car stolen on Sohna road", "text": "GURGAON: The unknown carjackers held hostage a car owner at gunpoint and stole his Alto Swift on Monday night from Gurgaon-Sohna road. A case has been registered but no arrests have been made so far.The victim, Arjun, has lodged an FIR with the Bhondsi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16845609", "title": "Newborn hippo is Kanpur zoo's bundle of joy", "text": "KANPUR: Three months after the birth of tiger cubs, Kanpur zoo has once again some good news to share. This time a female hippopotamus has bred a young one.The baby hippo was born last month in Kanpur zoological garden and said to be hale and hearty.Interestingly, this is for the second time in last four years that female hippo has bred a young one in the city zoo. The Kanpur zoo had sent a pair of hippo to Junagarh in Gujarat in 2009 and had set a record of transporting an amphibious animal more than 1600 kms successfully.Talking to TOI, Director of Kanpur zoo, K Praveen Rao said that it is a pleasure seeing wild animals successfully breeding here. The baby Hippo is healthy and prefers staying close to its mother.It is about 2 to 3 tonnes in weight. Hippos are vegetarian and belong to Central Africa. The hippos in Kanpur zoo feed on 'jowar' and are being given the same.The Kanpur zoo authorities have recently sent a proposal to the state government for constructing an under water enclosure for hippos using advanced technology by placing tough glass towards visitors side. This would enable the visitors to see hippos under water.If the proposal is accepted, it will become first of its kind in the state and the country, said Praveen Rao further.Presently such an enclosure exists in San Deigo zoo in California.When asked about the expenditure to be incurred on setting up an underwater acquarium, Zoo Director said that the expected expenditure for setting up an under water enclosure of the hippos is Rs 2 crores.The work being highly technical in nature, proper constraints have to be employed for the designing and construction of the enclosure.Praveen Rao informed that huge aquarium of about 2000 square metre would be made whose water will be filtered at regular intervals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16845448", "title": "Hoarding city, courtesy CM", "text": "KOLKATA: Illegal hoardings have flooded the city, thanks to chief minister Mamata Banerjee's generosity on Durga Puja. It's another matter that the generosity will rob the cash-strapped civic body of Rs 1.5 crore it could have earned as taxes.Several advertisers cash in on Durga Puja by putting up banners and hoardings, especially near the popular pandals. Based on a tender floated a month ago, the advertisement department of the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) had awarded a firm the contract to collect advertisement taxes for such hoardings on its behalf.The firm had agreed to pay the civic body Rs 1.5 crore. Last year, the same firm had collected Rs 70 lakh as advertisement tax from the puja committees after being awarded a contract by the KMC.However, the civic top brass changed its mind all of a sudden a fortnight ago and announced that the tender stood cancelled. It stated no reasons for such cancellation.Sources in mayor Sovan Chatterjee's office, however, claimed that the mayor had instructed the advertisement department officials to cancel the tender following a talk with the chief minister, who had asked him not to collect taxes for the advertisements put up during the Pujas. The civic body later told the firm not to collect taxes from the puja committees.The announcement has come as a sudden windfall for the advertisers and puja committees. As a result, thousands of illegal banners and hoardings have mushroomed without the KMC's sanction in areas like College Street, Amherst Street, Chittaranjan Avenue, S N Banerjee Road, Asutosh Mukherjee Road, Shyamaprasad Mukherjee Road, Rashbehari Avenue, Raja Subodh Mullick Road and Diamond Harbour Road. The KMC rulebook, however, says that advertisers and puja committees should apply to the civic body to reserve space for putting up banners in the vicinity of pandals.The mayor's decision has stunned the KMC advertisement department officials. They have already been struggling to augment revenue after the CM announced a new policy a year ago, discouraging hoardings in the central business district.\"We have been lagging behind our target revenue from hoardings and banners. We could have easily mopped up Rs 1.5 crore from the puja advertisers, had not the civic top brass cancelled the tender. Now we will get no revenue and helplessly watch illegal banners flooding the city,\" a KMC advertisement department official fumed on Tuesday.Rupa Bagchi, opposition leader in the KMC, complained that the Trinamool Congress-run civic body has been compromising with the revenue. \"Why is the mayor encouraging illegal banners as well as compromising on the revenue that the civic body badly needs to earn to continue providing essential services,\" she asked.The mayor, however, felt that collecting taxes was not always important during Pujas. \"Puja comes first, revenue can wait,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16845783", "title": "Where's garba tonight?", "text": "SURAT: People of the diamond city have a number of venues to choose from to do garba during the nine nights of Navratri this year. They can go to Convention Centre, lush lawns of The Grand Bhagwati, Indoor Stadium and Umiya Mata Temple. There are several other big garba venues that already are abuzz on the first day of Navratri.\"We believe in traditional garba. We will create an atmosphere with dholi beats in the Indoor Stadium,\" said Chirag Shah, organizer at Indoor Stadium.Adesh Shrivastav group will perform at the Convention Centre. \"People want celebrities and so we have arranged for them. We want the crowd to enjoy,\" said Aakash Agarwal, an organizer at the Convention Centre.Actresses Neha Dhupiya, Mugdha Godse , Tenaz Pademese, Rati Agnihotri, Paratima Kazmi and Preeti Jangiyani are likely to make appearances here.Well-known garba singers like Samir Raval, Sanjay Vasita, Darshana Gandhi, Salil Mehta and Jaykar Bhojak will perform at The Grand Bhagwati's lush lawns.Palak Mucchahal and laser lights will be the attraction at Lalbhai Contractor Stadium. The Rajwadi group in Amroli are banking on traditional garba patterns.\"We have a number of choices this year,\" said Diya Desai, a 25-year-old woman, said. \"My friends and I plan to visit all the venues at least once this Navratri.\"Rates of daily tickets are pegged between Rs 150 and Rs 350.\"I would certainly not let my daughter go alone with her friends to Sarsana. I would not mind if she goes to Indoor Stadium,\" said Rajesh Shah of Athwalines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16843883", "title": "Only 25% papers, few originals in Noida case received: Lokayukta", "text": "LUCKNOW: Miffed at the Noida authority for inordinate delays in producing all land allotment documents to help proceed with inquiry into the multi-crore farmhouse scam, UP Lok Ayukta Justice NK Mehrotra said on Tuesday presumptions will be drawn against the authority and its officers if they failed to provide all papers to him.Speaking to TOI, Mehrotra said the inquiry proceedings were on and even though he had given the authority three extensions in deadline, summons had now been sent to the general manager of the authority DB Malik to appear before him in three days. Mehrotra said: \"So far, I have been given only 25 per cent of the documents. I have examined them carefully and found that in many cases, I was not given the true copies, which could indicate officers are attempting a cover-up. I have now asked for all 152 files relating to the allotment process to be furnished to me, in original. Any failure in complying will imply presumptions against them.''Though the multi-crore-rupee Noida farmhouse scam inquiry was handed over to the Lok Ayukta in the first week of August, his office has been unable to make major inroads into the fund irregularities because of official red tape.In the past two months, Mehrotra has also given the Noida Authority three extensions in deadline for turning in the relevant documents. He also asked Noida CEO Sanjiv Saran to make personal appearance, but the officer has not complied with the order so far.According to the preliminary reports filed by Noida Authority chairman Rakesh Bahadur, former Noida CEO Mohinder Singh, along with 14 others, was held responsible for the \"wrong interpretation of the authority's by-laws'' and, as a result, of the large-scale irregularities. Bahadur's report also said the irregularities in allotments allegedly caused losses of over Rs 1,000 crore to the state exchequer.The procedural delay in the inquiry, however, has raised questions on the state government's seriousness about its promise to curb corruption.Sources said though as many as 26 IAS officers were involved in anomalies, a section of bureaucrats were attempting to protect officials involved in the scam.According to preliminary findings of the farmhouse allotment scam in Noida, agricultural land was acquired in 12 villages in violation of industrial development policies. The land was then used for allotting 10,000 sq- metre farmhouse plots to companies and individuals. The report also suggested that the Bahujan Samaj Party regime allotted about 150 farmshouse plots of 10,000 sq metre each, to 120 companies and 29 individuals applicants to construct farm houses. The companies and individuals in possession of the land holdings have, however, constructed motels, banquet halls and swimming pools on the farm land.Under the original farmhouse scheme, agricultural land was meant to be acquired for planned industrial development in keeping with Noida's Master Plan for 2021.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16845284", "title": "Car owners trust vehicle tracking system for safety", "text": "ALLAHABAD: When it comes to adapting a novel approach to safeguard your vehicle, 'vehicle tracking system' (VTS) has proved to be an effective tool. In fact, car owners have come forward in a sizable number to have VTS installed, not only to safeguard their vehicles from auto lifters but also to know about fuel monitoring as and keep track of it.A dealer of the VTS devices in the city Mohammad Asif told TOI \"More and more car/SUV owners are approaching to enquire about the system and they are very keen to install it\". He added \"This is the first time such a facility is available in Sangam city and car owners want to get it installed at any cost.\"A vehicle tracing system works in a different way. It comprises of a hardware unit mounted in the device and a Control Station run by the service provider. A server on the Internet displays the position of the vehicle as desired.The hardware unit in the vehicle computes the exact latitude and longitude of the car's location when it receives data from GPS satellites. This position and certain other data such as direction it is heading towards, speed and time are encoded, compressed and sent by SMS to the control station. The time interval between SMS can be set or changed from the control station or the end user's screen.Asif, meanwhile, claims car owners are keen to know how the system works and for that we have been giving them demo. Once they get the picture, they are willing to have it installed.\"\"A time when recovery of stolen vehicles is not easy as we have been advising owners to have the latest auto security system installed,\" said a cop preferring anonymity and adding \"The cops currently have no facility to get connected to the centralised record available with the National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) to get the current status of stolen vehicles\" he added.\"Once we are able to check national database through CCTNS regarding stolen or recovered vehicles, cops would be able to share information with other state police/district police counterparts and could also note down the current status\". This move will improve the recovery record of stolen vehicles, added the cop.In Allahabad, a total of 795 cases of auto lifting were registered as per NCRB records in year 2011. Similarly, a total of 19,555 cases of auto lifting were registered in UP while a total of 1,43,652 cases of auto thefts were registered in the country.The NCRB records claim \"auto theft\" in the country accounted for 44.4 % of total theft case cases which accounted for an increase of 2.5 per cent in year 2011 as compared to 2010.\"The acute shortage of parking spots especially in KAVAL towns as well as owner lackluster approach to park two or four-wheelers on roadside corners to save few bucks could prove costlier for them\" said an official, adding \"If owners could go for installation of latest auto theft gadgets, it could easily bring down the graph of auto lifting\" he asserted.The starling fact is also that many of stolen vehicles are used by law breakers in the commission of violent crimes, making this problem to the khaki clad.While Allahabad accounts for 3.98 pe cent of auto thefts in the state total 795 cases of auto lifting were registered in the district in year 2011. The police had been successful to recover only 59 vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16842663", "title": "University of Hyderabad campus to shrink by another 130 acres", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a move that has already created a flutter in its corridors, the University of Hyderabad has agreed to give off 130 acres of university land to two national institutions to set base here. These land deals would further eat into the varsity's shrinking campus size which until six years ago measured a sprawling 1,985 acres, but will now come down to a little over 1,500 acres.Incidentally, the two land deals the university has agreed to had been stalled for over a year due to protests by both faculty and students. In total, 130 acres of university land will be alienated to two parties; A 100 acres to National Institute of Animal Biotechnology (NIAB) and 30 acres to National Institute of Design (NID). The university's executive committee took the decision to give away this land recently. Earlier, the university had allotted 200 acres to Knowledge and Innovation Park (KIP) and 10 acres to Institute of Life Sciences (ILS), that had led to much controversy.The NIAB would be a research and development facility of Union government's Department of Biotechnology and would have a full-fledged campus including staff quarters and animals shelters. It is expected to be ready by as early as 2013. Even the NID here is planned to be a full-fledged off-state campus and is an initiative of the ministry of textiles. While UoH is yet to sign an MoU with the two premier institutions, officials said that both would be a collaborative venture with the varsity and there would be resource sharing and student and faculty exchanges once the two new campuses become functional.While many at UoH are not convinced, UoH VC Ramakrishna Ramaswamy said that the deals were part of a Government of India (GoI) initiative.\"The university had formerly decided not to sign off land to commercial ventures. However, NIAB and NID are GoI institutions and the Centre has the right to direct UoH to allot land to them. The university administration has not signed any deal. The deal was between the government of Andhra Pradesh and GoI,\" said Ramaswamy.It was during Seyed E Hasnain's term as vice chancellor that land deals between NIAB and NID were stalled.\"The University of Hyderabad Teacher's Association (UHTA) in several correspondences with the VC had maintained that the administration has the right to protest against the alienation of land,\" said E Sathya Prakash, vice president, UHTA.He said that the biodiversity walk which is being held as an aside of the CoP-11 will discuss the matter of land alienation among other subjects. He contended that while GoI can instruct the university to give away its land, the university administration should have attempted to resist the move.\"The catchment area of a lake located in the South campus of the university falls under the land which is allotted for NID. There are ecological concerns associated with the land deal,\" Prakash pointed out.However, administrative sources said that there were negotiations which were held with NID regarding the land deal.\"The institute was asking 30 acres in the middle of the UoH campus and we declined the proposal. However, as per GoI instructions we had to allot land in another part of the campus,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16844894", "title": "\u2018Stunned Kasab called Jundal brother\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Ajmal Kasab , the lone surviving Pakistani terrorist, was taken by surprise last month when the crime branch officials brought him face-to-face with his alleged handler, Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal. \"Arre Jundal bhai aap idhar (Oh brother, how come you are here)\" is what Kasab reportedly said when he saw Jundal.Kasab, who has been lodged at Arthur Road jail since 2008, has no access to newspapers. Kasab identified Jundal as one of the six handlers who had taught him Hindi and Marathi during their arms and ammunition training in Pakistan .Besides Kasab, the crime branch managed to track down three witnesses who identified Jundal. These include the owner of an electronics shop in Beed where Jundal worked between 2003 and 2004, a childhood friend from Beed and a former colleague. The witnesses are key to the case as they deposed before the court stating that Jundal was Zabihuddin, who had grown up in Beed.The Mumbai crime branch on Tuesday filed a 14,676 pages supplementary chargesheet against Jundal. The chargesheet describes various stages of the attack right from the planning, training to the final execution. The chargesheet lists 1,780 witnesses, Jundal's confessional statement recorded before a magistrate and various permissions and sanctions received from government of India.\"We have taken permission to investigate the case from government of India under 188 CRPC as the crime was committed out of the country'' said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16843538", "title": "Private agency to carry out skill gap study", "text": "PUNE: The National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) has hired a professional agency to conduct a skill gap study to identify training potential in the areas of business, job and self-employment in Maharashtra.\"We have hired private agency Imax to conduct this study, which will enable us to identify area-specific sectors where skill development initiatives are required on priority,\" NSDC MD and CEO Dilip Chenoy said on Tuesday at the inaugural function of the Symbiosis Institute of Skill Development and Community College at Paud village, 17 km from the city.NSDC was established a little over two years ago under the National Skill Development Mission (NSDM) for promoting and funding skill development institutes across the country. Chenoy said the corporation has so far identified 16 sector skill councils that are mandated with promoting skill development programmes. \"The country's existing capacity is to train 5 crore people annually in various skills and we need many more skill development institutes to meet the goal of 50 crore skilled workforce by 2022,\" he said.\"In Maharashtra, the NSDC has started its work with 10 partner institutions that are active at 88 centres in 21 districts,\" said Chenoy. \"So far, 3,389 people have been trained in different skills and 2,448 of these have been placed in the industry. We want to double this figure in the near future.\"Minister for higher and technical education Rajesh Tope, who was chief guest for the function, said, \"The NSDC study will enable the government to plan the establishment of skill development institutes across the state.\"Tope highlighted the need for promoting skill development institutes in a big way to ensure that the state meets its commitment of contributing a 50 million skilled workforce to the prime minister's NSDM objective of creating a 500 million skilled workforce by 2022.In this context, he cited the Gujarat model wherein the government extends the land to a group of industries to establish sector-specific 'Skill development parks' (SDPs) that take care of designing a training course, imparting training and generating a skilled workforce required for their industries.Tope made out a strong case for the state government to follow the Gujarat model of SDPs through public private partnership (PPP) mode. \"We haven't done this yet but, we have a definite intent of replicating what Gujarat has been doing to promote the SDPs,\" he said.Tope said mobilisation of trainees and retaining them for a sustained period for a skill development programme remains a big challenge. \"To retain the interest of skill development trainees, we have to ensure quality training,\" he said.Earlier, Symbiosis founder head S B Mujumdar spoke about the objective behind starting the skill development institute and said that the institute will evolve into a proper vocational university in future. The newly set up skill development institute offers advanced skill development courses in high growth sectors such as automobile, manufacturing, construction and retail, to cater to the local industry needs for skilled manpower. The community college, which was established at a makeshift campus in 2009, is into offering vocational courses to people from the unorganised sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16846378", "title": "Navratri is here, but 10pm deadline a spoiler", "text": "MUMBAI: Piety and exuberance marked the first of the nine-day festival on Tuesday. Devotees were doubly happy as the festival arrived on Tuesday\u2014a day dedicated to the worship of Mother Goddess. Devotees began to arrive at Mahalaxmi and Mumbadevi temples, which opened at 5am for 'ghatsthapna' . Pandals across the Maharashtrian and Gujarati heartlands worshipped tall idols of Ma Ambe, wearing bright-coloured saris and well-crafted ornaments.Priestess Smita Joshi said, \"The deity's quiet smile belies the strength she possesses as the guiding force of the Universe . After all, the holy triumvirate of Brahma, Vishnu and Mahesh are known to have invoked her in time of need.\"At the Parel Kamgar Maidan mandap, advocate Ujjwal Nikam found it difficult to tear his gaze from the statuesque Devi, adorned with golden ornaments and carrying silver weapons. As 500 people gathered to chant the evening aarti, corporator Nana Ambole, who helms the pandal, could barely make himself heard.\"Since the last 62 years, we have been organizing competitions for women and children. The rituals too are spectacular. The 'sahastrakumkum archan' , where 1,000 women sit before small idols of Mother Goddess and chant her thousand names, is a highlight,\" he said.The Arya Samaj does not believe in idol worship, instead emphasizes the spirit behind the worship of Shakti. Acharya Mithlesh of the holy order said, \"The seasonal Navratras are a time to purify the mind and body by prayer and fasting. Goddess Amba is the fountainhead of woman power in the Universe, so apart from feeding little girls, as is the ritual, this is a time to rededicate ourselves to uplifting women status .\"As the evening set in, thousands headed out to garba venues in Goregaon, Kandivli, Borivli , Ghatkopar and Mulund. Actor Juhi Chawla made an appearance at singer Falguni Pathak's venue at Goregaon Sports Club. Veteran of many dandiyas, singer Musa Paik landed in the city on Monday after one-day garba shows in Antwerp and Bangkok. Shortly before taking the stage at Borivli's Malpani ground, he said, \"My team and I are singing Ma Ambe hymns now. As the festival progresses, we will include folk songs and widen the repertoire.\"CA Archit Shah would like to attend the nearest garba at Kora Kendra during the weekend . \"However, the 10pm deadline is a dampener. One pays thousands of rupees for the family and is allowed to dance barely for two-three hours,\" he said. \"It would be better to go on 'ashtami' (October 22) and 'navami' (October 23), when we can play till midnight.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16844202", "title": "High power bills even after outages: Residents", "text": "NOIDA: Long hours of power cuts are not the only bane of residents in Greater Noida. Several consumers are also faced with problems related to billing of electricity consumption. Residents of several sectors, particularly those who have changed over to new meters in which readings are taken from a remote location, have been receiving erratic bill amounts.Residents of Sector Pi, in particular, have complained that consumption of electricity as reflected on their monthly bills has been erratic after the discom installed new meters in their houses. These meters installed by Noida Power Company Limited (NPCL) work on LPR (low power radio) technology and can be accessed for readings through a hand-held device from a remote location within a distance of 20 metres.\"The bill issued to me by the discom for June reflected a consumption of around 800 units of power in a single month,\" said an RWA member of Sector Pi. \"However, subsequent bills issued for the months of July and August show that we have consumed 1 and 0.7 units, respectively. Such problems have come to the fore after the installation of new meters,\" he added.Residents have also complained that billing amounts have not decreased commensurately even if their consumption of power has gone down considerably due to long hours of outages. \"Consumption has declined as the climate has grown cooler while at the same time outages have been for longer hours,\" said BS Verma, a resident of Sector Alpha-I. \"We hardly use air-conditioners in this season. However, bills continue to be high in spite of cuts,\" he added.Societies located in peripheral areas of the city complain that they are subjected to longer hours of power cuts than those living in societies located in the internal locations. \"Load shedding is not done uniformly. In case of complaints for inflated billing, the discom always asks us to send the meters for testing in a bench set up by them,\" said Col (Retd) YC Mishra, a resident of Jal Vayu Vihar.The power distribution company has maintained that it has till date received just about two complaints related to erratic billing. \"Both complaints have been disposed. There have been some minor problems in the new meters although most have been working accurately,\" said a discom official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16844704", "title": "Hospital bears brunt of sweepers\u2019 strike", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Sanitation in Capital Hospital, the largest government hospital in the city, went for a toss on Tuesday with all the sweepers of the hospital going on a strike. The wards and toilets of the 540-bed hospital remained unclean and patients had a harrowing time due to the strike.All the 65 sweepers, engaged contractually, alleged that Rs 400 is being deducted every month from their salary under the EPF head but they don't get any receipt for it. \"We get a meager Rs 3,000 a month, from which the contractor takes away Rs 400 in the name of EPF. But we have never got any receipt, nor any money in the time of need. We have discussed the matter with the authorities several times, but they did not take any interest. So we had to stop work,\" said Kishore Digal, leader of the sweepers.Hospital authorities cited another reason for the strike, however. \"The sweepers were asking for Rs 5,000 each as puja bonus. We negotiated with them and they had agreed to accept a bonus of Rs 1,000 each. After this there is no point in sitting on a dharna for no reason,\" said Dr S N Swain, additional chief medical officer of the hospital. \"Hospital services were not affected much as our other staff members have cleaned the wards. Things are normal in the hospital and everything is running smoothly,\" he added.Patients and relatives meanwhile cried foul as housekeeping services including cleaning the floor, changing bed sheets, cleaning toilets and segregation of biomedical waste were hit in 23 wards of the hospital. \"Polythene bags, gutka packs and other waste material is scattered here and there. The toilets are practically unusable. At this point of time when dengue, malaria and other diseases are on the rise, the unhygienic condition of the hospital will aggravate the situation,\" said Sarojini Mahapatra, a patient's relative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843656", "title": "Thampu posts 'insult' by IAS man", "text": "NEW DELHI: St Stephen's College principal Valson Thampu posted a video on the college's website, titled 'Sacrilege on St Stephen's College', on Tuesday. It has a college alumnus showing the middle finger. Thampu calls it \"sacrilege\"; the alumni, \"a sign of protest\".In the CCTV footage, a group of men walk down a corridor and one turns around to flash his middle finger at the CCTV camera. A note by Thampu accompanying the video says the finger-flasher is alumnus Amitabh Pande (an IAS officer) and the incident happened on October 13. \"On that day,\" writes Thampu, \"six alumni, led by Amitabh Pande and Ashish Munna Joshi, intruded into the College and, in full view of the students, Pande flashed an obscene gesture of insult, repeatedly, to our Alma Mater. This was perpetrated in the corridor of the Dining Hall.\" \"For the last four years they have been trying to unsettle me and failed. Now they are getting frustrated. This is just a sign of desperation,\" says Thampu, \"It's the presumption of immunity that makes people behave in this obnoxious manner.\"However, Pande says it was a \"sign of protest\" against the \"prevailing culture of fear and intimidation\". \"Faculty members and students told us they are under constant surveillance. I was disgusted by the fact that St Stephen's should have a CCTV camera outside the dining hall. I expressed my disgust in a spontaneous gesture,\" says Pande.Joshi, a member of Old Stephanians' Association, explains the alumni were on campus to donate money to Rohtas, recently banned from selling rolls at the dhaba he runs on campus. \"We donated Rs 13,000,\" says Joshi. \"Pande just wanted to express protest to Thampu. The finger was to the CCTV and to protest against the use of CCTVs for purposes other than security,\" says Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16844690", "title": "\u2018Extravagant\u2019 Nagpur Improvement Trust to spend half its budget surplus on jubilee bash", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) has planned to spend more than half of its year's budgetary surplus on its diamond jubilee celebrations lasting for three days. The agency has approved an expenditure of 2 crore for the revelry while its annual surplus itself stands at 3.75 crore. The expenditure will be mainly on entertainment with no plans lined up for public amenities by the civic body.This came out following a Right to Information ( RTI) query by Jan Manch, a social organization from the city. NIT will be spending 1.45 crore alone in inviting celebrities like actor Hema Malini and singers Asha Bhosle and Shankar Mahadevan. The artists would charge 30 to 50 lakh each, while another 25 lakh would be spent on the arrangements. Hema Malini's fee alone for performing a dance show comes to 30 lakh. Another 50 lakh are estimated to be spent on a 10-day international chess competition, out which 20 lakh will be contributed by the NIT and the rest will be raised through sponsors. Another Rs5 lakh is planned for illumination and 10 lakh on a feast for NIT employees. The total expenditure comes to about 2 crore.NIT's chairman Pravin Darade admitted that the plan was approved. \"The decision was taken because NIT will still be left with almost the same amount of money as it is spending on the celebrations. Some amount will also be spent on renovating the building,\" he said. Darade claimed that there are chances that NIT may not have to spend any amount at all as it plans to raise a sizeable portion funds from sponsors, which include CREDAI Nagpur Metro, an association of builders and developers.\"Hema Malini was invited for a similar show during Kalidas festival when I was the district collector. The expenses to the tune of 12 lakh were borne by the sponsor,\" he said.However, vice-president of Jan Manch Pramod Pande said that NIT can use its funds on more useful purposes. \"There are several plots lying undeveloped with owners having deposited their funds for creating the basic urban amenities. NIT should give priority to such works,\" he said. Veteran social worker Umesh Choubey also called the plan to be sheer extravagance. The NIT can focus its resources on more useful purposes like development of plots, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16844313", "title": "\u2018Kalash\u2019 heralds Navaratra fest", "text": "RANCHI: With the start of Navaratra, the holy \"kalash\" (pot) was installed in Durga Puja pandals in the city on Tuesday with the devotees starting their nine-day fast.Raktambar Baba, who arrived here for the first time from Vaishno Devi recently, became an attraction for curious onlookers as he kept 11 \"kalash\" on his chest on Tuesday.\"It is a wonderful feeling. The way a child stays in her mother's womb for nine months, I lie in the same position for nine days. During these nine days I will not be having any food or even a drop of water,\" said Baba.Baba has started keeping the pots on his chest in 2001 and has been doing it since then during Navaratra. \"In the past 11 years, I never felt the need of drinking water or eating anything during the fast as I am too engrossed in the devotion of Maa.\"He arrived at the office of Nav Yuvak Sangh Puja Pandal Samiti and said he wanted to start his Navaratra puja there. Committee chairperson Rakesh Kumar said, \"It was the wish of Maa Durga that Baba came to us so we did all preparations for him.\"A special ritual of \"kalash sthapana' (establishing the holy pot) was observed at JAP 1 grounds too. One bullet was fired after esvery ritual of Kalash Sthapna by the JAP personnel.JAP jawan Raj Kumar said, \"It is said that as Maa Durga killed the 'asurs', the same way we will kill evil forces with every bullet fired.\"\"Kalash Sthapna\" was performed at almost every temple puja pandal in the city. People paid a token money from Rs 51 to Rs 501 at the temples and pandals.At Shree Vaishnavi Shiv Ram Seva Sansthan, 1,111 pots were established by the devotees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16843579", "title": "Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation yet to procure land for tourism bhavan in Mumbai", "text": "PUNE: A proposal of the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) to construct a tourist reception centre or tourism bhavan in Mumbai has remained on paper for the last four years, despite the state government sanctioning Rs 22 crore for the project in 2008.The MTDC has still not managed to procure a suitable piece of land for the venture, in spite of approaching several authorities. MTDC officials cited shortage of land as the primary reason for the delay.A state tourism bhavan is a one-stop solution for tourists. It brings together all stakeholders in the industry, including tourism development corporations of other states, under one roof, the officials said.An MTDC official said, \"In 2011, an estimate committee of the state government had asked the chief secretary to have the land of Taraporewala Aquarium at Mumbai's Marine Drive allotted for the tourism bhavan. But there has been no development on this front. No proposal in this regard could be made and given to the Animal Husbandry, Dairy Development and Fisheries, the owners of the land, as we need written directions from the higher authorities in the state.\"Similarly, MTDC officials have approached or given proposals for acquiring land to several authorities in Mumbai, including the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority, Maharashtra Maritime Board (MMB), Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority, among others, for about 10,000 to 12,000 square metre area for the tourism bhavan as well as the MTDC office.The MTDC official said that land upon which the Taraporewala Aquarium stands could serve several purposes. \"An international standard aquarium could be built there by revamping the current one, which is in a dilapidated condition. Also, the upper floors of the building could house tourism development corporations of each state (displaying products and specialties of as well as information on the state), an international convention centre as well as private tourism offices. The MTDC office could also shift to the same building,\" he added.He further said the tourism bhavan would be a one-stop solution for tourists, including foreigners, who often have to rush from pillar to post for tourism-related information. \"Normally, a tourist has to ask tourism agencies or look up the internet for appropriate vacation destinations or for train or flight reservations. The bhavan would interconnect all these departments so that a tourist could get the desired information fast and at a single place,\" he said.He added that MTDC has also approached the MMB for joint development of their plot in the Bandra-Kurla Complex \"on equal share of FSI and equal share of investment\" basis .\"MMB's as well as MTDC's offices could come up here along with the tourism bhavan. The land admeasures about 10,000-12,000 sq mt,\" said another MTDC official. He added that the problem stems from the shortage of land in Mumbai. \"The land that is available either does not meet our requirement in terms of size or is too costly. Whatever land seems suitable is either for housing or residential buildings. We are therefore trying to get in touch with several authorities that could help us get land for the tourism bhavan. We are also approaching private players,\" he said.Anil Diggikar, secretary, Animal Husbandry, Dairy Development and Fisheries, said, \"The idea of giving the aquarium land to MTDC was in the discussion stage with the chief secretary. No headway has been made on it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16843318", "title": "Mumbai Customs rout Central Railway", "text": "MUMBAI: When Mumbai Customs stung, Central Railway were left to eat dirt. Customs came from a goal down to book a place in the final of the RCF Nadkarni Cup Football tournament with a 4-2 victory over Central Railway at the RCF ground on Tuesday.Mumbai Customs, who have bolstered their ranks with young talent, looked like running the show but it was Central Railway, the old wily team, which took the lead when they earned a penalty and Karim Shaikh converted to start what was an exciting first half.Customs struck back with two goals in 13 minutes. But more than the goals, it was the pace and the hustle that had started stretching the Central Railway midfield and eventually Hekmat Singh scored when his toe-poke befuddled the Central Goalkeeper who only blocked the ball. Hekmat followed and slotted it in past the diving Pradeep Kumar.Customs striker Francisco Salian was always like the slippery eel and he finally sprung the off-side trap but failed to scored in 1-1 situation. But he was successful six minutes later.In the final minute of the first half, Central Railway earned their second penalty but Allwyn Dhyanprakash struck the post. When Mathias Coutinho scored in the 61st minute to give Customs a 3-1 lead, it was felt that Central, struggling to match their rivals' speed and verve, were buried.But Central bounced back with Karim scoring. Vaibhav Karpe, however, settled the issue for Customs with a late goal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16844338", "title": "Rising prices take sheen off gold", "text": "RANCHI: Rising gold prices have brought about a big change in the shopping habit of Ranchiites this festive season. Women love wearing jewelleries but during festivals the demand for jewellery reach its peak. Not long ago, the status of a woman was gauged by the weight of the gold she was wearing. This year, however, they do not seem to be very keen on gold.\"With the price of gold increasing significantly, people are refraining from buying their favourite metal this year. The sale has not even reached 50% of what it was before Durga Puja last year. Patrons come to our shop, enquire about the price and then leave claiming that it is unaffordable,\" said Anuj Soni, a city-based jeweller. While many are avoiding buying gold altogether, some are opting for lighter gold jewellery. Mahesh Tekrival, a jeweller, said: \"Many people are ordering lightweight and large-sized gold jewellery as it costs lesser than the regular heavy jewellery.\"Neeraja Gupta, a homemaker, said, \"It is a tradition in our family to buy gold on Dhanteras as it is considered auspicious. However, due to the hike in gold price this year, we are thinking of dropping the plan of buying gold just to keep the tradition alive. We have ordered light gold earrings a month before the festival.\"Many Ranchiites have refrained from buying gold completely and are opting for gold-plated silver jewellery, but even their demand is not very high. Manish Aggarawal, another city jeweller, said: \"As gold prices are on the rise, many people are instead going for gold-plated jewellery as they come a lot cheaper and is made of a good metal. These jewellery are also available in various designs.\"Some, meanwhile, are just buying silver jewellery, but even for that they have to think twice as the cost of silver has also rocketed over the past few months. Mridula Bakshi, a middle-class woman, said,\"I am planning to buy a silver set that includes a necklace, earrings and bangles. However, I will settle for just a pair of bangles or an anklet if it is out of my budget.\"Junk jewellery rules marketsRanchi: This festive season imitation and costume jewellery are ruling the markets. From chunky neckpieces to trendy bangles, it's beautiful and affordable.Monika Aggarwal, owner of an imitation jewellery shop, said, \"Hike in price of gold and silver has made people opt for imitation. People are also inspired by the Bollywood designs in jewellery. These designs when imitated on gold or silver become very costly.\"The young girls are preferring beads for a bohemian look. Nidhi Jalan, a college student, said, \"I will be buying a variety of beaded necklaces, earrings and bracelets to go with my jeans and t-shirts.\" Many women are also opting for gold foam jewellery which has 24-karat gold plating on other metals. Manish Aggrawal, owner of an imitation jewelery shop, said, \"It resembles gold and every piece of jewellery comprises one per cent gold.These range from Rs 500 to Rs 20,000.\" Khushboo Aggarwal, owner of an imitation jewellery shop, said, \"Earrings are available from Rs 50 and go up to Rs 500 while neckpieces begin from Rs 250 and go up to Rs 2000. The jewellery sets range between Rs 500 and Rs 10,000 depending on the design and quality.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843461", "title": "Ashok Khemka's transfer: Congress springs to Vadra's defence to shield Sonia", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress's flip-flop over Robert Vadra continued when on Tuesday it jumped to the defence of Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law in the wake of controversial transfer of Haryana IAS officer Ashok Khemka, who probed his land deal, casting aside the stance that he was a private individual.Congress leaders lined up to question the allegation that Haryana government had transferred Khemka because he dared to probe the sale of land by Vadra to realty major DLF. Khemka wrote a letter to Haryana CM alleging that his shunting out was linked to investigation into the reports that the value of Vadra-DLF land deals was underreported.AICC spokesman Manish Tewari called the drama \"chicanery\" of the worst kind, regretting the issue had taken such a turn since the transfer was rooted in a local court order.The party's state in-charge B K Hari Prasad said, \"The allegations are baseless. There is no witch hunt. We do not question the integrity of the officer. It's prerogative of the government to transfer any bureaucrat.\"The strong defence was at odds with party's fresh decision to keep a safe distance from Vadra since he courted controversy. AICC spokesman Sandeep Dikshit on Monday said, \"He is a private individual who is free to do whatever he wants to do in his business. There is nothing more that can be said\" \u2014 something that marked an abrupt switch from the first response to the allegations by Arvind Kejriwal .Congress had reacted to the charge of anti-corruption activist by wheeling out its heavy artillery. Faced with allegations of a quid-pro-quo between Vadra and realty major as part of which the Congress government in Haryana offered concessions to DLF , the party has often protested that it was being dragged into transactions between private entities only to embarrass Sonia.Its spokespersons, senior members of the Cabinet included, have forcefully argued the party and the government could not be held accountable for the business dealings that Vadra has conducted as a private citizen. However, it has struggled to remain hewed to the stance because of the torrent of allegations that Vadra could not have made it big without help from Haryana and other Congress governments and because of the fear that the unrelenting focus on his controversial deals could damage the party's valuable asset \u2014 Sonia's image as a benevolent leader.With apprehension growing by each day that more details about land deals could damage the reputation of the Congress's first family, there is recognition that professing aloofness from Vadra could not serve the purpose of insulating the leadership from the maelstrom of allegations.When the civil society launched its tirade against Vadra, Congress sought to insulate him from uncomfortable questions. To persistent queries on why was the party defending him, if he was private individual, Congress spokespersons said the rivals were only using him as a front to target the party leadership.It was followed by a pause with party men wondering if they had to take Congress out of the firing line. However, with the story not looking to end anytime soon, Congress decided to jump in to blunt what it felt was an Opposition campaign to keep the pot boiling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843699", "title": "4 arrested for not verifying tenants", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you have given your house on rent to a foreign national, get the person verified immediately. Police have arrested four house owners in west Delhi for failing to inform them about foreigners staying in their house without genuine documents. Police said that such arrests have been made in the city for the first time. The arrests made under the Foreigners Act can attract a jail term up to six months. Three arrests were made in Uttam Nagar and one in Tilak Nagar.Additional CP (west) V Renganathan said they have deported 26 foreigners this year from west district, a majority of whom were Nigerian nationals. \"Recently, there has been an increase in the number of nationals from across the neighbouring countries, West Asia and Africa getting involved in criminal activities, including narco-terrorism. Hence, we decided to deport such persons. This will ensure that no community gets a bad name for the deeds of a few. This drive is likely to continue,'' said an officer.The cops said the foreign nationals offer huge sums of money as rent. \"It's anywhere between Rs 10,000 and Rs 15,000 for a single room. Later, they bring in several others and refuse to pay the amount after the passage of a few months.However, the house owners never inform us while renting out their places for fear that their tenants won't like it. So, our beat officers first carried out a survey and then went around asking people to get their tenants verified. When they resisted, we decided to arrest them,'' said the officer.Senior officers at the headquarters said this drive would be carried out in other districts too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "rajkot/vadodara/palanpur/surat", "code": "16845525", "title": "More dodgy cash seized", "text": "RAJKOT/VADODARA/PALANPUR/SURAT: The static surveillance teams of the Election Commission seized close to Rs 42 lakh unaccounted cash from various places in the state. A day after finding cash worth Rs 70 lakh in Vijapur, the team recovered Rs five lakh from the car of Amrut Patel, director of Agriculture Produce Marketing Committee (APMC) in Khedbrahma of Sabarkantha. \"The amount was withdrawn from the branch of Bank of India in Idar and was to be used in electioneering,\" returning officer of Vijapur assembly constituency Pradeepsinh Rathod said.In Surendranagar, Rs 23 lakh were found in three different searches across the district in the last 24 hours. Rs 3.14 lakh was seized from the car of one Merubhai Mundhava in Chotila town on Monday. Mundhava claimed that he had got this money from a friend to purchase land in his native village of Gadhda in Jamnagar district.A team also seized Rs 17.30 lakh from a car in Thangadh on Tuesday. Bhupat Rupareliya and Manish Tanna of Rajkot, who were travelling in the car, said they were taking the money to Halvad to purchase groundnut. Close to Rs 3 lakh was also found from an employee of an angadiya firm in Surendranagar on Tuesday. In Vadodara, SST recovered Rs 11 lakh cash each during checking three individuals in Sankheda and Dabhoi constituencies. In the first incident, the team found Rs 5.5 lakh from a Chhota Udepur resident.In the other instance, Rs 5.5 lakh was recovered from one Manohar Lal Jaiswal, who was travelling in a car from Vadodara to Dabhoi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843368", "title": "Parched Dwarka prods DJB chief with SMSs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fed up with the government's excuses on Munak canal and left at the mercy of tankers, residents of Dwarka have now taken to Gandhigiri to get their voice across to Delhi Jal Board. In the past week, residents have sent 200-500 text messages to the DJB CEO, broadly conveying: \"Many thanks for not providing adequate drinking water to the planned master sub-city of Dwarka. May God bless you.\"Sushil Kumar, president of the Dwarka Residents' Forum, said they started sending messages on October 10 and intend to send more for at least a month. \"We are completely fed up with the government's apathy. These messages are being sent as a last resort. We have asked all residents to be polite and ensure that the messages are sent only between 9.30am and 5.30pm, so that the CEO is not harassed beyond office hours,\" he said.Some other messages sent to the CEO read: \"Thank you for the few drops of water you supply to Dwarka. Jai water tanker lobby\", \"Thanks for drops of water we are getting in Dwarka\", and \"Thanks for not giving water to Dwarka, at least God is giving us few drops through our eyes\".Every day, Delhi Development Authority distributes around a million gallons of water per day in the sub-city, after sourcing it from DJB. There are some tube wells from which water is supplied to societies through tankers. A new 20MGD water treatment plant is almost ready but can function only when Delhi gets water from Haryana via the Munak canal. The project has been stuck for about five years.\"We filed RTIs with the Haryana government, asking what they had done with the Rs 500 crore that Delhi gave them for the project. Till date we have received no satisfactory reply, the only response from the Haryana Irrigation Department stated that details cannot be provided since at least two other government departments are involved in the project,\" said Rejimon CK, a member of the forum.Despite a requirement of about 15MGD for a population of 6 lakh, Dwarka gets only about 4-5MGD water. As against a starting tariff of Rs 2.42 per kilolitre in Delhi, Dwarka residents pay Rs 10.76/kl if they get piped supply and Rs 46.50 per kl if water is supplied through a tanker.\"DDA has tendered out tanker supply and doesn't seem interested in bringing us piped supply at all. Dwarka has an extensive network of underground reservoirs though there is no water. It seems a lot of money has been made at our expense,\" said Rejimon.Despite repeated attempts, the DJB CEO could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843599", "title": "Centre against hostage swap deals with Maoists", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has advised Naxal-hit states not to release hardened Maoist fighters as part of swap deals with red ultras, who have increasingly been using high-profile abductions to further their subversive activities. However, it has said that negotiations and low-value releases can be considered for the safety and release of hostages.The draft hostage policy, which will be discussed at a meeting of chief secretaries/DGPs of nine Naxalism-affected states convened by the Union home ministry here on October 18, frowns upon the idea of releasing convicted Maoists or those who are accused of heinous crimes.The hostage policy \u2014 the first of its kind and necessitated by Maoists resorting to abductions to overcome their setbacks \u2014 acknowledges that a high-profile abduction adversely affects the counter-Maoist offensive as operations have to be put on hold. It argues that Maoists often use this temporary suspension of operations to lay landmines. Getting the operations back on track takes time even after the abducted officer, who could be a legislator, a district collector or a foreign national, is released.Advising against conceding \"major\" demands of the hostage-takers, the draft policy clearly terms the release of convicted Naxalites and those charged with murder as \"non-negotiable\". The emphasis of the policy is to prevent harm to the hostage during the course of negotiations. However, where there are indications that the hostage may be harmed, the policy suggests launch of a rescue operation, for which the state concerned can requisition NSG commandos.The draft policy suggests setting up of permanent crisis management groups (CMGs) at the Central, state and district level to deal with abduction of a prominent person by the Maoists. The groups will kick into action depending on the profile of the abducted target. The district and state-level CMGs will deal with most situations, with the Central CMG acting as a guiding or assisting force. The Central CMG, to be headed by Union home secretary, will directly intervene only in high-profile abductions.The laid-out drill advises the CMG to establish the identity, profile and affiliation of the abductors. Based on the intelligence and feedback by an emergency operation centre \u2014 to be headed by an intelligence officer \u2014 the CMG will forecast possible scenarios and evaluate demands of the hostage-takers. The group would, from time to time, seek political mandate.The CMG will have a panel of interlocutors, which will work within set parameters for negotiations. As per the proposal, the panel should include a team leader, an intelligence officer, a psychologist and, possibly, a linguist. More members can be taken in.The negotiators should have sound knowledge of the local terrain and issues. Preferably, they should be trained in the art of negotiating with hostage-takers. Such courses are offered by security agencies of the West.Advocating \"simultaneous\" preparation for a rescue operation in anticipation of a possible breakdown of negotiations, the hostage policy lays down the scenarios, where the \"hard option\" can be exercised. These include situations, where the political and security fallout make negotiations unviable; when violent actions are resorted to by the abductors; and when the Maoists' demands are unconstitutional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16845600", "title": "Mamata: Spare a thought for hard-working cops", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday urged the city police to ensure safe Pujas and praised them for the hard work they do, as others celebrate. Mamata also urged people, who are quick to criticize the men in uniform, not to be swayed by one or two instances.\"A drop of ink on a white sheet of paper prompts some to only look at the ink, but not the white sheet,\" she said. The chief minister was speaking at an event at the Town Hall for the release of Kolkata Police's Puja Guide, with the entire top brass of the department present there.The guide, which serves as a ready reckoner to the estimated one crore people who come to Kolkata every Puja day, has been a basic need for the revelers for several years now. Along with the guide, several pamphlets (for regulation of bigger vehicles) and identity cards for children will be distributed through the 65 police stations across Kolkata. The chief minister acknowledged this effort, and said, \"Every year this is a challenge. But perhaps for police, it is a challenge every day. So, whenever anyone evaluates \u2014 or criticizes \u2014 police, they should also realize that as humans they too may commit mistakes sometimes, knowingly or unknowingly.\"The problem, she said, with Kolkata is its lack of space. \"Here, removal of even two shops for road widening leads people to make the water murkier,\" she said.\"I often call up the commissioner of police, myself, to enquire on the well-being of the traffic personnel deployed on the roads. At times, I feel some people drive vehicles in such a manner as if their intention is to kill others. People should be more sympathetic. One day, I noticed that several people had gheraoed a traffic constable. When I enquired, I was told the constable had only asked a vehicle to take a diversion. The vehicle owner might have felt that it was not right to go to Alipore through Park Circus, but it was decided for a larger good. I would urge all to get rid off this negative and destructive attitude,\" she said.\"As humans, we too may have mood swings. So do some policemen, perhaps. But it will be wrong to construe that they always misbehave,\" she reasoned. \"Pujas are not the end of hard work. It is immediately followed by immersion and Bakr-Id,\" she said. \"If you really work well, the government may not dither to give you a nine-day leave, instead of eight. Last year, too, we'd given a seven-eight day leave,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16844983", "title": "Ludhiana-Chandigarh Volvo fare hiked", "text": "LUDHIANA: Travelling between Ludhiana and Chandigarh in Volvo buses has become costlier as the private operators running these have hiked the fare. And this hike has invited sharp criticism by frequent travellers on the route. Says Pradeep Singh, a student of Sarabha Nagar, who frequently visits Chandigarh, \"These bus operators are just on the lookout for a chance to increase fares and the recent hike in diesel prices has provided them just the opportunity to do so.\"Shingari Singh, a businessman of Model Town, says, \"There is no check on these bus operators because of their proximity to the ruling class. If the oil companies have hiked the rate of diesel by Rs 5, by what computation have these people hiked the fare from Ludhiana to Chandigarh from Rs 130 to Rs 160.\"Gurdeep Singh, owner of the Jhujhar Transporters, which runs a good number of buses including Volvo buses between Ludhiana and Chandigarh says, \"There are two reasons for hike in fare. Firstly the government has hiked the passenger tax by four times and secondly there has been an increase in the rate of diesel, which has forced us to increase the fare.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843125", "title": "Cops \u2018identify\u2019 baby\u2019s kidnapper", "text": "NEW DELHI: Forty-eight hours after a 3-day-old boy went missing from the nursery of DDU Hospital, police have released the photo of a woman who had allegedly posed as a nurse and kidnapped the baby. The CCTV footage shows the woman, around 35 years old and 5ft 3inch tall, entering the hospital premises. Additional CP (west) V Renganathan said, \"We worked a lot to clean the footage and now have a clear picture of the woman.\" This CCTV footage is the only lead that cops have on the case till now. The baby's grandmother, Kailash Devi, who was present with him in the nursery, saw a woman in her mid-thirties disappear with the boy even as his mother lay on the hospital bed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16846187", "title": "Developing a taste for healthy food", "text": "BELGAUM: B M Kankanwadi Ayurveda College and Hospital at Shahapur here organized an Ayur Food Festival on Tuesday on the eve of World Food Day. More than 150 students from PUC, degree and PG courses opened 36 ayurvedic food stalls where food items like kheer, carrot halwa, pani puri, shev puri, edible hum ladu, dosa, oats, pakoda, pudina panak, green gram parota, fruity veg salad, angoor rabdi, non-veg soup, finger chips, soya chunks and herbal tea were available.According to Dr Shivkumar Harti, programme convener, the aim of the festival was to create awareness among the people about healthy food practices and importance of ayurveda in day-today life.The food stalls not only focussed on calories but also on health concerns.Another coordinator Dr Sanjeev Tonne said: \"Ayur Food Festival is a fresh concept introduced in the college. The food items exhibited in stalls were not only healthier but also had the ability to cure minor ailments as they had ayurvedic contents in them.Principal Dr B Srinivas Prasad said food has been given most importance in ayurveda as 50 per cent of ayurveda medical science depends on food diet that is called as 'pathya'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16847884", "title": "Let's do the dandiya", "text": "Out with the chart-topping, floor-scorching Disco deewane. Deck yourself, instead, in festive Dandiya gear to have a rocking Navratri. Here's howThe ghagra-cholis and kedias have been aired, the silver jewellery's been matched and the rehearsals are over. With Navratri nok jhonk in the air, it's time for Kolkata to soak in the dandiya sprit. We bring you the how, where, when of this gala festival.The lookColourful and traditional are the keywords. With thousands going to the events, make sure you stand out. Women should go fullon traditional and sport ghagracholis or saris, while men should stick to kedias or kurtas. Try cotton-based fabric with mirrorwork, embroidery and woollen beads. Die-hard Dandiya lovers get their mirror-work outfit sourced from Rajasthan or Gujarat, but you could also rent the stuff here \u2014 along with the heavy jewellery that comprises small and long necklaces, bangles, earrings, mathapatti, tagdi and kada. The attire will cost you between 400 and 600 for a day. Use water-resistant makeup as you'll be dancing hard and sweating a lot. Use lots of deo and wear comfortabl e footwear such as jootis.Wear few bangles, as the dandiyas don't need any distraction. Don't forget the bindi.Our tip : Pink and blue are the colours of this season. Try to avoid black. Want a dash of sexiness? Go for backless choli, halter blouses and spaghetti straps. This year, coloured stones and sequins are making a comeback. Bling is good, but only if it is not too heavy.Dandiya sticksA must-have accessory. You get dandiya sticks made of wood, cane, glass, crystal, steel and even glow-in-the-dark ones. The best ones come from Mumbai, but you may rent it at the venue. If you have sticks left over from last year, you can embellish them with moli, zari-gota, ghungroo, beads and mirrorwork.The movesPractice on staple Dandiya songs like Dholi taro, E ram re, Aaj radha ko shyam yaad aa gaya, Radha kaise na jale, Chunri chunri, Jahan teri nazar hai. This year, look out for Cocktail mash up, Boom boom, Son of sardaar, Disco deewane and Subah hone na de. Some English tracks such as Hips don't lie, Tonight's gonna be a good night, Don't stop the party and Gangnam style have made inroads into 'disco dandiya'. If you want to get your moves absolutely perfect, some choreographers in the city are offering a crash course. Think Dev Govind Binani, Ankur Kadel, Ranky Mundhra and Anurag Mohta.FoodYou will get a variety of dishes at the venues, especially Rajasthani and Gujarati delicacies. But if you plan to dance the night away, make sure you eat calorific but light grub such as sandwiches, samosas and pakoras. Do remember to drink plenty of water at regular intervals since you will sweat a lot.VenueTwirl to the beats of tradition and groove to disco beats at Milan Mela, Netaji Indoor S t a d i u m , Nalban, Park Hotel and Swabhumi. Clubs, discs and residential colonies might also organize smaller bashes. Apart from famous DJs, celebrities such as Sonal Chauhan , Rithwik Dhanjani of Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa fame, Amrita aka Pihu of Bade Ache Lagte Hain, Raghav of Crocroaxz and Siddharth of Roadies have been roped in for this year's celebrations.The romanceRomance and Dandiya go hand in hand. So this Navratri, try and be near your crush and if the chance comes, dance along with him/her. Alternatively, you can show your skills with the dandiyas and get the attention of the person you fancy. Make light conversation and head out for dinner later!Health benefitNot many know that Dandiya is an ideal way to keep in shape and banish stress. According to fitness experts, it is an excellent form of exercise that is emotionally, mentally and physically satisfying. It burns as many calories as jogging or swimming. The continuous dance movements help performers lose an estimated 300 to 500 calories an hour. It helps de-stress the mind and teaches you to move more artfully. So what are you waiting for? Go, groove!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843877", "title": "PM, Sonia meet President, fuel reshuffle talk", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh met President Pranab Mukherjee amid strong indications that the Congress leadership was keen on effecting a significant reshuffle of the Council of Ministers this month.Sources said in the hour-long conversation, the PM and the President discussed possible dates when Mukherjee can swear in the new entrants to the government, as well as those who might be elevated.Given that Mukherjee will be traveling to West Bengal on October 20 for Durga Puja at his village, Congress is looking at two slots -- either by Friday or, failing that, around October 28-29. Mukherjee will be unavailable for official functions for four days, beginning Saturday. With Eid being celebrated around October 27, the changes may have to wait until October 28 if they are not effected by Friday.Significantly, Congress chief Sonia Gandhi also called on Mukherjee who was a key member of the Congress's core group before his elevation as the constitutional head. Rahul Gandhi is expected to call on the President on Wednesday.The reshuffle had looked imminent around September-end but had to be postponed because of the official preoccupation of some ministers who may feature in the exercise. The onset of shradh period -- the supposedly inauspicious fortnight where important initiatives are considered taboo -- delayed it.The task before the PM and Sonia is crucial as they need to fill in vacancies and allot important additional charges held by senior ministers. This would include finding hands for portfolios like railways, telecom, textiles, corporate affairs, earth sciences and science and technology.There could be overlap with the much-delayed revamp in Congress organization which has taken on additional significance because of the expectation among the cadre that Rahul may take up a bigger role.Besides the need to fill in the vacancies in the government and infuse new energy in the organization at a time when the challenge facing Congress increases with each day, a reshuffle may also help by taking the focus somewhat away from the controversies that have shrouded the party; especially Robert Vadra's business dealings with DLF and the accompanying insinuation that he being Sonia's son-in-law was the chief reason why the Congress government in Haryana gave concessions to the real estate giant.The changes may cause concern to some incumbents in case the leadership decides to turn the reshuffle into an opportunity to stem the damage from the spate of scams on UPA's charge.A big change in the government was effected in July when Sushil Kumar Shinde was appointed home minister and P Chidambaram was shifted back to finance - key steps in the post-Pranab Mukherjee government.But some of the vacancies are significant and could help sate legions of Congress persons smarting under the feeling of neglect. DMK has decided not to retake the ministries of telecom and environment that its nominees -- A Raja and Dayanidhi Maran -- had to vacate. The reluctance of the ally will come handy for Congress.The five ministers of state portfolios vacated by Trinamool Congress will need to be filled. Though these are not significant, it gives the Congress an opportunity to accommodate regional equations through the tokenisms that such appointments usually amount to.A change in the NCP representation is expected with Agatha Sangma likely to make way for senior leader Tariq Anwar.The PM has since strived to impart a new reform urgency to his jaded government and choice for infrastructure ministries will be scanned closely in the context of assessing UPA's capacity to turn around the economy - a scenario closely allied to the ruling coalition's political fortunes.The bigger decisions involve portfolios like HRD and telecom held by Kapil Sibal. The minister was pushed into a fire fighting role in telecom after Raja resigned in the wake of the 2G scam. With the Supreme Court clearing the way for future policy, the ministry may need more day-to-day attention.Veerappa Moily is expected to retain power while corporate affairs can be allotted to someone else. Highways minister C P Joshi has his hands full with the added superintendence of railways. Joshi has moved swiftly to review decisions that were kept pending during Trinamool's charge of the ministry, but many feel that that both portfolios need dedicated attention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16844199", "title": "Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam commits smooth supply to industrial consumers", "text": "GURGAON: In a meeting with industry owners held in Udyog Vihar on Tuesday, senior officials of the power discom Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam Limited (DHBVN) have committed a smoother supply for industrial consumers. According to the members of Gurgaon Industrial Association (GIA,) the discom has 'ensured power supply to the industry throughout.'Industrial connections have invariably been among the worst casualty of Gurgaon's dismal power apparatus. Even during the recent crisis - when the summer demand reached its seasonal peak - the industries bore the brunt. \"But now we have been told that appropriate measures will be taken to ensure power supply in these areas,\" said a GIA representative.The discom has also asked the industry owners to estimate their peak-hour power requirement. \"They have asked us to submit our peak hour requirement. Industrial units can consume 50% of the contract demand during the peak hours at an additional charge of Rs 2 per unit. This could be exceeded to 100% if the requirement is such,\" he added.Earlier this month, senior officials of the Haryana Electricity Regulatory Commission (HERC) also held a meeting with some of the local industrialists about the same matter. A joint meet of industry representatives and HERC, DHBCV and HUDA officials is also likely to be scheduled in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16844687", "title": "Pyarimohan Mohapatra\u2019s morcha last nail in BJD coffin: Bijay Mohapatra", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Senior BJP leader and former minister Bijay Mohapatra on Tuesday alleged that the Naveen Patnaik government has completely stopped functioning for the last few months as the ruling BJD is embroiled in infighting.\"A government does not function properly when there is dissidence in the ruling party,\" Mohapatra said. \"The regional party is also now facing the same situation since May 29, when several MLAs assembled at the house of Rajya Sabha member Pyarimohan Mohapatra,\" he said. \"While ministers are busy trying to protect themselves, the government has stopped functioning. The bureaucrats are only taking decisions,\" the former minister alleged.Mohapatra predicted that BJD would be affected by the newly-floated Odisha Jana Morcha (OJM). \"It would be the last nail in the government coffin,\" he said, while ruling out any pact between Pyari's OJM and BJP. \"There is no possibility,\" he said. Mohapatra also said the BJD mahasamabesh at Berhampur on October 19 won't solve the dissidence within the party. But the BJD had something else to tell. \"The Berhampur meeting is aimed at strengthening the BJD. Around 50,000 people from across the district are scheduled to attend it,\" revenue minister S N Patro said.Besides highlighting the development undertaken by the government, the meeting will also condemn the anti-people policies of the Centre, said P K Panigrahi, the Gopalpur MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16845612", "title": "Kanpur tastes thicker jam as festivals set in", "text": "KANPUR: With the onset of festivals, rush has increased on the roads leading to frequent jams in all prominent markets of the industrial city. Jam occured in Ghantaghar, Moolganj, Express Road, Colonelganj, City side Station Road area on Tuesday evening. Most of the wholesale markets are in these areas and people are now coming out of their homes to shop. With the commencement of Navratri festival, people come out during the evening hours to go to temples or to purchase fruits and other food items for the nine days of fasting and celebration. The rush and movement is giving rise to heavy jams.It is not possible to pass through any locality without getting stuck in a jam. Govind Nagar, P Road, Kidwai Nagar, Deputy ka Padao, Jarib Chowki, Lal Bangla, Gwaltoli, Naubasta, Gumti, etc witnessed traffic jam during the day hours and it only got worse around evening.Vehicle owners were seen waiting endlessly one behind another and a major reason for this is heavy encroachment in markets and at prominent crossings. The situation worsened when tempos and city buses halted in the middle of the roads. This caused traffic snarls even in posh areas of the city including Mall Road, Phoolbagh, Chunniganj, Benajhabar, Rawatpur, Gurudev Crossing, near Kanpur University, etc.\"I believe roads are free from jams only during the late night hours as in the day time there is hardly any space on the road to walk, whether you are in Govind Nagar or Ghantaghar, Nayaganj or any other market,\" said a local of Ghantaghar.The problem is aggravated further by street vendors and regular shop owners occupying the roads in front of their establishment leaving little space for commuters to pass. As a result the footpaths meant for pedestrians is nowhere to be seen.\"It seems the shops are on the roads and not behind the footpaths. As a result there is hardly any space for people to walk or for vehicle owners to drive through,\" said Peeyush, a local of Kidwai Nagar.The locals also blamed it on traffic police for \"inefficient\" handling of the rush in the ongoing festive season.Instead of working out a good plan to deal with the festive rush, they shun their responsibility, says the harried locals. In a hurry to get past, people get entangled with each other, leading to a huge jam.\"The traffic cops seem to be at the mercy of people. People blow horns, fight with each other but nobody comes to the rescue and the handful of cops remain mute spectators,\" said Nidhi, a college-goer.Devotees throng Tapeshwari Devi templeDevotees in large numbers turned up at various temples on day one of Navratra here on Tuesday.As the first day of 'navratra' is dedicated to 'Maa Shailputri', the 'Tapeshwari Devi' temple with statue of 'Shailputri' witnessed hude crowd of devotees.'Shailputri' is believed to bestow her devotees with peace, happiness, bliss and harmony. As per Hindu mythology, 'Maa Shailputri' was first incarnation of goddess 'Durga'.In early morning hours, people were seen going to temples bare foot to pay obeisance to the goddess.The devotees also did 'parikrama' of the temples by lying down with folded hands. Several followers of 'Maa Tapeshwari' also set the 'akhand jyoti' afire, which will continue burning till the last day of 'navratra'.Mangal Mahant, the priest and caretaker of the temple informed that this is the place where 'Mata Sita' came for meditation from Bithoor. She used to sit on the place where the main idol of the goddess is placed inside the temple premises.\"It is after this one of the devotees around five hundred years ago built it in form of a temple,\" said Mangal Mahant.As per the Hindu Mythology, the place where this temple is situated is the spot where 'Mundan' ceremony of Lav-Kush (son of lord Ram and Sita) was conducted. This also has made this place of old religious importance.The priest also informed that initially people use to cut and serve their tongue to please the goddess, but after the strict measures of the administration, it has been banned. Now the devotees lighten up the 'akhand jyoti' for continuous nine days during the 'navratras'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16845288", "title": "Petrol pump owners call off strike in MP", "text": "INDORE: The petroleum product dealers have withdrawn their strike after two days on the assurance given by the oil ministry. The dealers had decided to sell petroleum for limited hours only between 10 am and 7 pm, in protest against the delay on part of the government to increase the dealership margin.Sudhir Airen, secretary, MP Federation of Petroleum Product Dealers told ToI, \"We have received a letter from the ministry in this connection assuring us of looking into our demand positively within a period of 15 days from now. Hence, we decided to call off the strike and now on, the petrol bunks in the country will remain open till 11 pm.\"Interestingly, the ministry had written a letter in this connection to the All India Petroleum Product Dealers Association, way back on September 20, asking oil companies to increase the dealership margin to the petrol bunk owners as per their demand. However, no communication has been issued by the ministry as yet to them. The reason being the ticklish issue that whether to pass on the cost of increase in dealership margin to the customers.As the petrol was decontrolled, hence the debate was on diesel only which continues to be controlled one, said the sources familiar with the development.However, there is no talk of implementation of the Apurva Chandra committee report. The committee has recommended for allowing the dealers to charge separately for providing various services like air to the tyres of vehicles, use of toilets at petrol bunks and serving drinking water to the consumers at the petrol bunks.There are 4,500 pumps in the state of which 80 petrol pumps are in Indore city alone. More than 80% of them took part in the limited hour strike, which took place for nearly one and half days, before being called off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "16845614", "title": "Murder accused escapes from Burdwan hospital", "text": "BURDWAN: Mangal Sahani, an undertrial and the prime accused in the murder of retired schoolteacher Renuka Sarkar, fled from Burdwan Medical College Hospital (BMCH) on Monday night. The wardens accompanying Sahani were busy with some paper work when he took the opportunity to escape. An FIR was lodged at Burdwan Sadar police station.It may be recalled that Sarkar was murdered at her Simantapalli residence in Bolpur on January 12 after a burglary attempt went terribly wrong.The victim though based in the city, would visit her Santiniketan home often during the weekends. Later, on interrogating the caretaker of the house, cops arrested Sahani and his aide Pintu from a lodge in Tarapith on January 19.Burdwan SP SMH Meerza said, \"An FIR was lodged around 11.35pm by Meiyamodo Gwynn, the jailor of Burdwan Correctional Home. The police have started investigations but are yet to trace the accused.\"Sahani, 28, a resident of Suri, already has nine cases against him and was facing custody trial for the murder of Sarkar, said police. They alleged that the two-hour delay by jail authorities to lodge a complaint gave the veteran criminal ample time to flee.Hospital sources said that Sahani was brought to BMCH by two wardens around 9.10pm after he complained of abdominal pain and vomiting. While the two were busy with some formalities at the emergency counter, the undertrial fled the spot. Though he was given a chase, the wardens lost track of him after some time.\"On October 5, Sahani was brought to BMCH with abdominal pain. He was released the very next day and sent back to Burdwan Correctional Home. But he complained of stomach ache again on Monday and we hired a private car and rushed him to the hospital,\" said jail sources. Burdwan Sadar police station IC, Dilip Ganguly, said that apart from Bolpur and Suri police stations, all the surrounding police stations have been alerted. Police also raided Sahani's house on Tuesday, but he was not there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16843559", "title": "No power cuts in state during Navaratra: Rajesh Tope", "text": "PUNE: Minister for power Rajesh Tope has said the state will remain free of load-shedding for the next 10 days, starting Tuesday, in view of the Navaratra and Dasara festivities.Tope, who recently took charge of the power portfolio after party leader Ajit Pawar's resignation from the state cabinet, told reporters that the government is making \"an honest effort\" to see that the state is load-shedding free by the end of December. \"Already, we have made a significant progress on this front, but there are challenges that we have yet to surmount,\" he said.Asked whether the government will go for power procurement from private companies, Tope said, \"It will be the last option for us. Our immediate focus is to ensure that all our installed power generation capacity \u2014 be it from thermal, hydel or gas resources \u2014 reaches the optimum level of generation,\" he said. Even if the situation comes to the point where power has to be procured from private companies, the same will be done as per procedures, he added.Stating that enhancing plant load factor (PLF) remains a major challenge, Tope said, \"Our total installed capacity for thermal power is 7,000 MW and against this our PLF is 64%, whereas the PLF of private power companies is between 95% and 100%. We have to address this issue first for reaching optimum level of generation.\"Recently, Tope visited the Khaparkheda thermal power station at Koradi in Vidarbha to review various measures for increasing the thermal PLF. \"Better coal management is one of these measures since we have to ensure apt quality and quantity of coal and supply of the same in time,\" he said. \"Maintenance of thermal plants is another aspect,\" he added.Tope said, \"Private power companies have a high PLF, of nearly 100%, mainly because they use fully imported coal, which is better in quality and has a high calorific value. The cost factor comes into play when imported coal is used. We are studying the economic aspects to see that our PLF goes up to the extent of 85%, as has been sought by the state power regulator, i.e. the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843841", "title": "What steps have been taken to implement judgment on police reforms, asks SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday asked the Centre and states to file affidavits in eight weeks detailing the steps taken by them to implement police reforms it had ordered six years ago.In its September 22, 2006 judgment, the court had ordered radical reforms in police including setting up of State Security Commissions, separate police personnel for maintaining law and order and for investigating crimes, fixed tenure for top cops and setting up of a grievance redressal authority against policemen in each district.The court had appointed retired Supreme Court judge Justice K T Thomas on May 16, 2008 to oversee monitoring of its order by examining the affidavits filed by each state and recommend problems faced and shortcomings noticed. It was required to submit half-yearly reports to the court.Four reports of Justice Thomas have not been deliberated upon till date. Two years ago, petitioner and former BSF chief Prakash Singh had moved an application seeking contempt proceedings against states for their failure to implement the apex court's judgment.A bench of Chief Justice Altamas Kabir and Justices S S Nijjar and J Chelameswar directed the Centre and states to file their compliance reports by December 4, the next date of hearing. Amicus curiae and senior advocate Raju Ramachandran requested the court to initially take up the reports on Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal , Maharashtra and Karnataka as they were the least compliant states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16845828", "title": "Action sought against college principal", "text": "MADURAI: The Action Committee for Protecting American College Constitution (ACPAC) has urged the president of the governing council of the college and moderator of CSI church, G Devakadatcham, to remove M Davamani Christopher, principal of American College, after the Madurai bench of the Madras high court quashed his appointment.Justice Vinod K Sharma in his judgement over the writ petition filed by S David Amirtharajan, challenging the appointment of Davamani Christopher, said the selection was arbitrary and the appointment was hit by the principles of natural justice. David Amirtharajan challenged the appointment on grounds that he was better qualified for the position and he appeared for the selection. However, the petitioner said the governing council headed by then Madurai-Ramnad CSI Bishop, Christopher Asir, influenced the council to elect Davamani, who was also his son-in-law. The single judge ruled that the selection process was totally arbitrary and in violation of Article 14 of the Indian Constitution. The judge also rejected the claim of Davamani's counsel that the order will be against the rights of minority institutions. The right to govern a minority institution cannot be extended to defeat the basic principles of law, the judge observed.Further, the judge also noted that the appointment of Davamani Christopher as principal was not sustainable in law since the selection committee had followed UGC regulations framed in 2000 against the regulations framed in 2010. Hence the court quashed the appointment of the principal and directed the college to conduct a fresh selection based on merits of candidates.Under these circumstances, based on the court verdict, ACPAC demanded the immediate step down of Davamani Christopher and the moderator to initiate the constitutional process to make the vice-principal assume office as principal in-charge and secretary so as to provide continuity till a properly qualified principal and secretary was appointed. The committee also urged the moderator to initiate disciplinary proceedings against Davamani for misrepresenting his academic credentials. The committee claimed that Alagappa University had issued a notice to Davamani earlier to surrender his PhD, withdrawing his inter-disciplinary degree. They also urged the director of collegiate education to initiate proceedings to withdraw the out-of-turn promotion given to him as reader in mathematics as he claimed that he possessed an interdisciplinary degree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16845166", "title": "Petrol pumps call off single shift stir", "text": "MUMBAI: Petrol pump owners withdrew their stir on Tuesday after getting an assurance from oil companies that the demand for hike in commission charges would be looked into. This means petrol pumps will now operate throughout the day and till late night.Several Mumbaikars can heave a sigh of relief as they would have been inconvenienced if the single shift operation would have continued during the nine-day festive season. Transporters supplying essential commodities too depend on diesel to ferry thousands of trucks in and out of the city daily.Ravi Shinde, general secretary of Confederation of Indian Petroleum Dealers, said, \"We were cutting down on costs, which is why we had switched to the single-shift operation from Monday. But now, we have received a written assurance that a revised commission rate would be announced within a fortnight. The 246 pumps in Mumbai and around 3,300 across the state will now resume normal operations.\" Some of the pump owners have, however, threatened that they may go on flash protest, if the final decision on commission charges was not taken by early November.Shinde said the stir was not just confined to Maharashtra. \"All over the country, our dealers had responded to the single shift call as austerity measure. It was a huge success on Monday. But late in the night, BPCL authorities assured our confederation that the diesel commission recommendations have already been submitted by the oil industry and were under final scrutiny by the petroleum ministry in Delhi,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843660", "title": "South Delhi Municipal Corporation seeks police records to identify defaulters", "text": "NEW DELHI: To identify rented properties in residential colonies which are not paying property tax, the South Delhi Municipal Corporation has sought help from Delhi Police. The corporation has written to SHOs of various areas to share the data pertaining to rented properties in residential colonies under its jurisdiction.Most landlords get a police verification of the tenant done before renting out their property. The local police stations maintain a database which has details of the rented property and the tenant. The civic agency plans to compare this data with their records to identify residential properties which are not paying property tax for rented portions.According to B N Singh, assessor and collector, South Corporation, \"We have sought help from Delhi Police in identifying properties which have been given on rent but are not paying property tax. We have written to all SHOs in our area to share the data of rented properties in residential colonies. We will compare Delhi Police's data with our records to identity the defaulters. If a property owner has given his/her property on rent, then they have to pay double tax for the rented portion. We will issue notices to all the defaulters.\"As per the provisions in the DMC Act, property owners have to disclose whether they have rented the property or not. Officials say that not many people have disclosed this information while filing property tax.\"At present, it is difficult for us to identify properties which have been given on rent. But if we get the data of rented properties, we can quickly compile the list of defaulters and take necessary action. At present, we are losing out on revenue,'' said a senior official.With 5.44 lakh properties registered with it, corporation officials say a large number of them are in residential areas. \"In any residential colony, a majority of the properties are given on rent. At present, our revenue collection is about Rs 323 crore which is likely to increase substantially if we can identify properties which are on rent but not paying taxes,'' said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16845417", "title": "Cops to ensure strict implementation of deadline", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is going to be difficult this Navratri for Garba revelers of Rajkot to continue to dance after the stroke of midnight.Cops are expected to act tough on any violator of noise pollution control norms and deadline, since they are under the Gujarat high court's scanner this time.Two women from Rajkot - Hema Shukla and Ranjana Trivedi filed a petition in the high court complaining that the cops do not adhere to any of the Supreme Court guidelines to check noise pollution.They complained that though the police authorities set up deadlines by issuing circulars, yet they hardly implement the rules.Both the petitioners requested the court to see to it that no loudspeaker continues after midnight, and if they do, the authority should act immediately. These petitioners sought directions to Junagadh SP for strict implementation of Noise Pollution Rules. They wanted the court to ask the SP to appoint a particular police officer as implementing authority during Navratri festival.Besides, the petitioners demanded that mobile numbers of concerned police authorities should be circulated in media. In response to this petition, the state government furnished three phone numbers and assured the court for strict implementation of rules during the festive season.The bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala observed that the petitioners might not have any grievance after this arrangement. But the court has kept the litigation pending in case the petitioners find the rules are not properly implemented, so they may approach the court again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16842776", "title": "Power situation may turn worse", "text": "HYDERABAD: Power supply situation is going from bad to worse with the gap between demand and supply widening sharply in the state, especially in the Central Power Distribution Company Limited (CPDCL) limits.The deficit in power supply is going beyond the estimated shortfall by Discoms. Officials said the estimated deficit in power supply in October was only 49 million units per day, but it reached 66 MU on Monday. If the situation continues like this, power cuts being imposed by Discoms might continue for some more months.According to officials, power crisis might continue till May 2013. The estimated deficit in power supply in October is 49 MU per day. It might be 39 MU in November, 31 MU in December, 21 in January 2013, 40 in February, 79 MU in March, 74 in April and 40 MU in May.\"The estimations were prepared and submitted to the AP Electricity Regulatory Commission (APERC) based on normal conditions. If things become worse, the shortfall may go up,\" an APTransco official said. Transco officials said Discoms had supplied 231 MU against the unrestricted demand of 297 MU and the deficit was about 66 MU.The officials said power generation stopped at two thermal units, leading to loss of 750 MWs on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16843754", "title": "NHAI, Jaipur Development Authority lock horns over rotary on Agra Road", "text": "JAIPUR: The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) and Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) have locked horns over the issue of construction of rotary at Agra Road, National Highway 11. The rotary is proposed to provide safe traffic flow after the Ghat Ki Ghuni tunnel is opened for vehicular traffic. However, both the JDA and NHAI have shown apprehensions to construct the rotary proposed on Agra Road, near Rajesh Motors.Y B Singh, NHAI project director (Bharatpur) said, \"It is JDA's responsibility to construct the rotary as the tunnel project national highway was completed before the tunnel.The construction of national highway was completed in 2009. \" However, the JDA officials claim, \"As the area proposed is in the jurisdiction of NHAI, the rotary should be constructed by the NHAI.\"An official source said that in a meeting between NHAI and JDA officials it was also admitted that it would be risky once the traffic coming from the tunnel will pass through a flyover and merge on Agra Road.In this regard the JDA has also proposed a design for the rotary. However, the NHAI in a recent letter has also mentioned the design proposed by the JDA is not as per guidelines and norms for junction with national highways and the designs has several shortcomings. Sources fear that if the deadlock continues the commuters will be at a risk as the traffic in the area will increase manifold once the tunnel is opened.At the same time, sources said, work to widen the road at Jawahar Nagar end up to 200 feet is still pending. The authority has rehabilitated 84 affected houses owners, while work to rehabilitate 45 more families is yet to be done. Meanwhile, the work of rotary at Jawahar Nagar end has been started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16843080", "title": "APTDC stir called off", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The APTDC contract workers called off their seven-day-old strike, which began on October 10, following an assurance from the government to solve their demands. But the Borra issue is yet to be resolved.Chandana Khan, MD, APTDC, said the chief demand of the workers for higher wages would be met with in a phased manner, after which the workers called off their strike in Visakhapatnam, Rajahmundry, Araku, Tyda and Ananthagiri.However, the situation in Borra area remained the same with the members of Borra panchayat and the associated workers demanding 20% of the profits be set apart by APTDC for the village panchayat, while the APTDC was willing to shell out 10% of the net profit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16844866", "title": "Taskmaster Seshan to head troubled Pachaiyappa trust", "text": "CHENNAI: T N Seshan, the man credited with giving teeth to the Election Commission of India , has a new assignment. The Madras high court on Tuesday appointed the 79-year-old former bureaucrat as interim administrator of the troubled but cash-rich Pachaiyappa's Trust, which manages several educational institutions and owns land worth thousands of crores.The appointment comes with a mandate to hold elections to fill five vacancies on the trust's board and recruit 121 teachers for institutions run by it. With five of the nine members resigning from the board in the past two years, it lost quorum and was unable to take decisions, prompting employees to move court seeking its dissolution and appointment of an interim administrator.The 170-year-old trust runs 15 educational institutions in the state, including Pachaiyappa's College, Chennai, one of the oldest in the country. The trust's bank deposits alone are said to be in the region of 120 crore. Only recently, it received a compensation of 28 crore for land taken over for the metro rail project.Reacting to his appointment, Seshan said he was not eager to take up such appointments. \"I didn't expect any such assignment 16 years after my retirement. I was disappearing into the furniture like a bug. But when the court asked, I said yes.\"A 1955-batch IAS officer, Seshan had held posts ranging from sub-collector to cabinet secretary, before retiring as chief election commissioner of India in 1996.Justice K Chandru, passing orders on a batch of applications filed by teachers and employees of the trust, besides the four existing trustees themselves, said: \"Seshan shall take charge of the management of the Pachaiyappa's Charities with immediate effect.\" Giving a free hand to the former chief election commissioner to fill up the 121 teaching vacancies without waiting for elections to the trust board, the judge said the existing trustees cannot function until the full board of trustees is re-constituted.The petitioners wanted the court to permit them to hold elections to select five trustees, and to appoint an interim administrator till the election was conducted. They wanted an officer not below the rank of an IAS officer to take charge of the administration of the trust. Pointing out that five members of the trust had resigned in the past two years, the applicants said the trust lacked quorum to take any decision because it had only four members. Though the government had permitted appointment of 121 teachers, the trust was unable to fill up the vacancies for the past 10 years, they said, adding that a sum of 28 crore received by the trust as compensation for lands taken over for metro rail project had been deposited in various banks for low interest returns.Despite huge cash deposits and the latest compensation, the 15 educational institutions being run by the trust in Chennai, Kancheepuram and Cuddalore districts had not received enough attention, they said.Justice Chandru first rejected the existing trustees' objections to the applications by the employees and teachers of the institutions, saying they formed the electoral college to elect trustees. Pointing out that due to lack of quorum the trust was unable to pay statutory dues, salaries and operate bank accounts, the judge said the remaining vacancies needed to be filled up through elections. In view of the objections from teachers that the administrator general and official trustee (AGOT) of the state judiciary had spent a whopping 46 lakh in holding elections in 2005, Justice Chandru was not in favour of handing over interim administration to the AGOT. Asking Seshan to take immediate charge of administration, the court asked him start the process of teachers recruitment in accordance with UGC guidelines without waiting for the completion of the trust elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16844716", "title": "Is there provision for detection branch parties in police station?", "text": "NAGPUR: The detection branch (DB) parties in police station now have come under scanner after five constables of such a wing of Sitabuldi police station were suspended on Friday last week for their alleged role in colluding with criminals conducting gambling dens in the Vasantrao Naik slum near Bole Petrol pump which led to two cases of murders.Despite the fact that every police station in city has one or more DB parties, the moot point is that whether forming such squads under senior police inspectors for cities have any legal backings.A query regarding the legal sanction of the DB parties sought under Right to information ( RTI) Act showed that the mention of such squad can be traced in rules 13 (3) in the part 1 of the Maharashtra police manuals, 1999. Rule 13 deals with local crime branch and intelligence branch. The sub-clause 3 mentions that DB parties would be formed in all the railway districts under the supervision of an officer of police inspector rank. The main function of the DB party shall comprise investigation of crucial crime cases, busting of organized crime syndicate and blunting out of their modus operandi through diligent vigilance. Though placed under PI, the functioning of the wing would be also under personal supervision of Superintendent of police.It is learnt DB parties have been formed in the rest of the state on the lines of the railway districts for detection and prevention of crimes.The incidents like that of the Vasantrao Naik slum has only underlined the allegations which the DB parties often face pertaining to its' dubious monetary interests and resorting to unfair means.City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay said that he has made the DB parties more accountable than in the past. \"Earlier the DB parties would work and be accountable to only the senior inspector but I made them equally answerable to the second PIs too,\" he said. The CP added that the Deputy commissioners of police would review the functioning of the members of the DB parties and Charlie commandos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16845573", "title": "US court rules out custody of kid to parents", "text": "KOLKATA: A New Jersey court has ruled out custody of 13-month-old Indrashis Saha to parents Debashis and Pamela Saha saying the head injuries sustained by the child was not caused by a fall from the cot as claimed by the mother, but the result of violent shaking. The US child protection agency has now approached the Indian embassy for names of organizations that can run a background check on the grandparents to find out if they are fit to get custody.There is a ray of hope for one-year-old Indrashis to return to India.The child is now in the care of the US child protection agency, as a New Jersey court suspects he was injured due to parental abuse. The US agency has asked for a background check on the baby's relatives to see if any of them can be given custody.The US has asked from the Indian embassy a list of agencies that can run a background check of the grandparents and other relatives. The embassy has passed it to the Indian foreign office. The report will be crucial in deciding whether the baby returns home to a relative, possibly his grandparents.The court observed that head injuries of the kind the child suffered were due to intentional shaking and not due to a fall from the bed as stated by his mother Pamela Saha.The court has charged the parents with neglect and abuse and feels the baby is not safe with them. Pamela and her husband Debashis are allowed to visit Indrashis for two hours once a week. The next hearing is on November 8.In a similar case of custody battle in Norway, Indian parents Anurup and Sagarika Bhattacharya were charged with neglect and abuse. Their children Aiswarya and Abhigyan were taken into custody by the Norwegian child care agency in May 2011. After foreign affairs minister S M Krishna intervened, the kids were handed over to their uncle Arunabhas Bhattacharya in April. They are now staying with him in Kulti, Burdwan. But their mother has no access to them, following a Norwegian court order.Indrashis' parents had moved to New Jersey in mid-July this year. The baby was injured on August 9 and was hospitalized the next day. The child protection agency informed the court that a CT scan revealed the baby suffered haematoma due to intentional shaking at home.Debashis' father Nirmal Krishna Saha, who lives in Balurghat, had written to President Pranab Mukherjee in September, pleading for help. The parents wrote to chief minister Mamata Banerjee , who spoken to the foreign secretary to help the couple.The grandparents are praying that they get the baby's custody. \"All of us are very depressed over the issue. I have already written to foreign minister Krishna, but I do not know if we will get back the baby. We hope the court allows an early return for Indrashis,\" said Nirmal Krishna Saha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16845251", "title": "Justice (retd) Uday Sinha to probe Madhubani firing", "text": "PATNA: Justice (retd) Udai Sinha of the Patna high court will probe the police firing in Madhubani on October 12 and 13. The judicial commission will submit its report within six months.As per the terms of reference cleared by the state cabinet on Tuesday, the commission will probe the sequence of events which led to the police firing, involvement of person or persons directly or indirectly in inciting violence, justification for the police firing and who was responsible for it.Giving details of the cabinet decisions, senior state official Vijoy Prakash said the government had also decided to open six residential high schools for ST students, including those belonging to Tharu tribe, in West Champaran district for which a sum of Rs 13.75 crore has been earmarked. The schools will be opened at Kadambhava in Bagaha; Beltari and Madhuban in Ramangar, Birbhiriya in Dudhaura village, Mainatand, Belsandi village and Ghanura village.The cabinet has also slightly modified the scholarship norms for SC/ST students for the year 2012-13. It would be given on the same pattern on which schoolboys and girls are provided bicycles. Now only those SC and ST students would be eligible for scholarship who have 75% attendance between April 1 and September 30 this year. It has been done to check the dropout rate in schools.The state government has also decided to create 212 posts of additional district judge and sessions judge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16843719", "title": "Rajasthan Technical University may allow students to change course", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan Technical University has proposed 'Internal Sliding' for its engineering students enabling them to change their branch of study in case they find it too difficult or the college they are studying fails to provide faculty and other technical facilities for their current course. The first of its kind proposal will be presented before the RTU board on Wednesday. If the board accepts the proposal, it will pave way for students a chance to select another course of their interest. It will also facilitate colleges struggling with less students to transfer them in branches running successfully.\"RTU receives complaints on a daily basis accusing colleges of not running classes for want of teachers. Moreover, students realized only after admission that they had landed in a branch which is not of their interest,\" R P Yadav, the vice-chancellor of RTU said. He added that the decision, if passed unanimously, will also reduce the drop out rate of engineering students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16844652", "title": "Cuttack roads await repair before Dussehra", "text": "CUTTACK: Mayor Saumendra Ghose had promised to repair all roads in the city before October 18, but looking at the pace of work, it does not seem that he will be able to meet the target. While the pace of work is slow in some wards, work has not started at all in some.Roads across Cuttack are in a deplorable condition; they are littered with craters and potholes. \"There is little hope of the city's arterial roads being repaired before Puja as the civic body is yet to get into the act. The dilapidated roads will create serious traffic congestion during Dussehra,\" said D N Lenka, a resident of CDA.The Millennium City celebrates Dussehra with much fanfare and in a lavish style by decorating the goddess with gold and silver. Huge welcome arches and illuminated gates are also installed by various Puja committees. The 155 Pujas here draw visitors from across the state. Yet the civic body is not waking up to the urgency of repairing the roads.\"The festive season beginning with Ganesh Puja and ending with Bali Jatra is the most important period in the festive calendar of Cuttack. Every year, all roads are repaired, drains are cleaned and street lights are given an overhaul. But this year the civic body has failed to take up these pre-puja exercises,\" said Sriram Pandey, councillor of ward 35.Councillors said 60 per cent of the roads are yet to be repaired and street lights are not functioning in most of the wards. \"Every year, thousands of devotees visit our pandal for a glimpse of the goddess adorned in gold and silver. But this year the entire stretch in our area is in a mess. Even the street lights are not working,\" said Akhaya Beura, councillor of ward 39 and a member of the Chauliaganj Puja Committee.Badambadi, Chauliaganj, Bakhrabad, Malgodown, College Square, Jobra, CDA, Nuabazaar, Balu Bazaar and Sheikh Bazaar draw a large number of visitors and the roads here are desperately crying for a coat of tar. Puja organizers also fear the bad roads may hamper immersion ceremonies.Civic officials blamed the absence of the CMC commissioner for the delay. The state government had appointed Hariballav Mishra as the new commissioner on September 25, but he is yet to join. \"The civic body is not able to function properly in the absence of the commissioner. Dussehra is a crucial festival and the commissioner's presence is needed as many civic works like sanitation, road and street light repair need to be undertaken,\" said a senior CMC official.The mayor, however, is hopeful of completing all pending work before Dussehra. \"We have taken up repair work of major thoroughfares on a priority basis. A sum of Rs 3 lakh has been earmarked for road repair in each ward. We have taken up repair work on a war footing and are hopeful of completing the task well before the festive days,\" said Ghose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16844710", "title": "Khopde-Chaturvedi tussle aggravates", "text": "NAGPUR: The ongoing tussle between BJP MLA Krishna Khopde and senior Congress leader Satish Chaturvedi took an ugly turn with each seeking legal action against the other. There was tension on Monday all over east Nagpur as BJP workers allegedly 'blackened' Chaturvedi's posters put up at his office in HB Town and other vantage points on the occasion of his recent birthday celebration. Chaturvedi's supporters held 'dharna' at Lakadganj police station till late Monday evening demanding action against the BJP workers.While Khopde, who is also the party's city unit president, was accused by Chatutvedi supporters of 'blackening' all posters of the Congress leader in east Nagpur, Khopde on Tuesday met city police commissioner to demand immediate arrest of Chaturvedi for instigating a city doctor, Yashwant Ambatkar, to file a false case against him.Chaturvedi supporters were enraged when some suspected BJP workers riding motorcycles threw black ink on the posters at Chaturvedi's HB Town public contact office. They also alleged that two of the miscreants they caught had confessed that Khopde and another BJP leader Balya Borkar had asked them to do so.The protesting Congress workers first complained at Kalamna police station where the officer concerned assured them of action against the culprits. But when they went to Lakadganj police station, they had to face the ire of the police who pressed charges under Section 135 of Mumbai Police Act instead of taking action against suspected BJP workers for showing disrespect to Mahatma Gandhi and Babasaheb Ambedkar whose pictures were also targeted along with that of Chaturvedi.Khopde denied any hand in the 'blackening' episode and said it could be a public reaction against the alleged misdeeds of Chaturvedi who had cooked up a false case against him.The clash between Khopde and Chaturvedi is being seen as a build-up for 2014 elections. In 2009 state elections, Khopde had defeated Chaturvedi by 35,000 votes. \"Chaturvedi is trying to tarnish my image by cooking up false cases and instigating people to implicate me in TDR cases,\" said Khopde. He presented to the press and the police a copy of the affidavit purportedly filed by Dr Yashwant Ambatkar saying that he had earlier levelled serious criminal charges of TDR fraud against Khopde as he was intimidated by Chatuvedi's men.Chaturvedi has however, dismissed the affidavit. \"This whole thing of TDR frauds and earlier threats issued to some doctors by Ambatkar and his corporator wife Safalta, is the internal matter of the BJP. But unfortunately, while trying to cover up their internal clashes and alleged corruption, the BJP is dragging me into it to divert the public attention,\" said Chaturvedi. \"Safalta Ambatkar has already certified that her husband suffers from severe depression and his mental condition is not stable. The BJP leaders could have easily exploited his condition to pressure him to sign the affidavit,\" said the Congress leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16843193", "title": "2 held for threatening Najafgarh businessman", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two criminals have been arrested for allegedly threatening a businessman, said police. The accused, Gaurav Kohli (30) and Jagdeep (22), are members of a gang headed by Sandeep alias Mental. The special team of crime branch has seized two country-made pistols and a Honda City from them.Jagdeep is the younger brother of Sandeep and also an active member of the gang. Sandeep, who was arrested in an attempt to murder case in Haryana, is presently lodged at Bhondsi Jail, Gurgaon. The accused duo was arrested last week when they were going to Najafgarh to threaten a property dealer.\"Mental's gang operates in outer Delhi and adjoining areas of Haryana. The other member of the gang, Sandeep alias Dhillu, is also from Bahadurgarh in Haryana. Dhillu is involved in over 15 criminal cases and he joined hands with Mental to carry out contract killings and extort money from businessmen,\" said a senior officer.Mental and Dhillu, along with their accomplices, had murdered one Pradeep in May this year. Mental had reportedly met Gaurav, a bad character of Cantonment area, in jail.On September 26, Gaurav was released from jail and Mental requested him to threaten a property dealer in Roshan Garden area, Najafgarh. Mental also asked him to injure the businessman in case he refuses to handover the money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16844241", "title": "Authority starts drive to decongest Pari Chowk", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: In a bid to control the increasing traffic chaos at Pari Chowk in Greater Noida, the Authority, with help from the traffic police, has begun a crackdown down on all private buses and shared autos that park illegally at the busy junction. Additional traffic cops have been stationed at the busy roundabout to challan offenders and ensure that the area remains snarl free through the day.The Authority has also directed the Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC) to ensure that its transport vehicles stick to the schedule and that only one bus stops at a time at the designated shelter to avoid chaos. The Authority has further directed that all UPSRTC buses follow their designated route via the Expo mart.Commuters often find themselves stuck in traffic jams at Pari Chowk and its adjoining areas mainly because the area is completely encroached by three-wheelers and private as well as roadways buses. \"We have received many complaints from residents about how buses stop at the junction without following any schedule and keep waiting for passengers even after their seating capacity is full,\" said Rama Raman, CEO, Greater Noida Authority. \"The traffic chaos is made worse by the fact that the area is heavily encroached upon by private buses and shared autos, many of which do not even have valid permits. We have decided to crack down on errant drivers to minimize this congestion,\" he said.The UPSRTC, on its part, has decided to add more buses to its recently launched services that cater to residential sectors in Greater Noida to ensure that fewer buses need to stop at Pari Chowk. As per the new service that UPSRTC launched four months back, 20 buses which used to pick up passengers only from Pari Chowk to go to Noida or Delhi have begun circulating within residential and internal sectors across the city.\"Passengers, who earlier needed to come from their homes or offices to Pari Chowk to catch a bus to Noida or Delhi, can now get a bus from near their homes. Currently, these buses go to areas like Sector P-3 near the Senior Citizens Society, P-7 near Judges Colony, Jalvayu Vihar, Amity Chowk, Jagat Farms and Knowledge Park,\" a UPSRTC official said.\"According to the new route, these buses do not need to touch Pari Chowk anymore. Instead, after picking up passengers from their designated sectors, they go to the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway via the underpass near Yamuna Expressway Authority. We will add more buses on this route to reduce the congestion at Pari Chowk,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16844112", "title": "9 lakh fine for frivolous petitions against FIRs", "text": "GURGAON: Punjab and Haryana high court has slapped a fine of over Rs 9 lakh for filing over a dozen frivolous petitions seeking quashing of FIRs registered in Gurgaon recently.In the court order dated October 5, a copy of which is with TOI, Justice Daya Chaudhary has dismissed all the petitions (over a dozen) that were moved by Vineet Handa, a co-accused in a multi-crore-rupee property fraud against which the investors had filed an FIR in the DLF police station in Gurgaon in 2007.The investors had filed separate criminal complaints against 13 people, including Handa, who had allegedly cheated them of several crores of rupees. Handa had moved the high court seeking the quashing of the FIRs registered in Gurgaon. After hearing the counsel of the petitioner (Handa), the court came down heavily on the petitioner, and stated that the argument of the petitioners does not stand on its own legs and the court cannot give relief.The court noted that the parties who approach the court of law should be fair and the lawyers representing them should also be poised. They are also under legal obligation to present the case of the parties with fairness and in the present cases the dignity of legal profession has not been observed. The court also noted that Handa had filed the petitions by the lawyer and copied the earlier petitions and there was no difference at all and paragraphs and verbatim were the same.In the order the judge said, \"Vineet Handa, in the similar cases lost up to the Supreme Court, in my opinion, the petitioners deserve burden with heavy costs for wastage of precious time of this court as well as the apex court. He further said for this lapse, the petitioners are burdened with costs of Rs. 50,000/- each to be paid by the petitioners which shall be deposited with the Haryana Legal Services Authority within a period of two months. In case the petitioners fail in depositing the aforesaid amount, the same shall be recovered.The complaint's lawyer, Sanchar Anand, said: \"The court's order is big relief to investors who were being harassed. On Wednesday, the matter will be taken up by Gurgaon court where we are seeking attachment of property that was offered to investors.\" The investors had paid crores of rupees for the commercial space being developed by M/s Champak Textiles, owned by Anand Mahendru, in Mumbai. The project never kicked off and the investors, including NRI, filed FIRs in Gurgaon, seeking criminal action against the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "tawang", "code": "16844172", "title": "The Himalayan Blunder: Tawang's age-old connect with Tibet &amp; China", "text": "TAWANG: China's claim over Arunachal Pradesh seem to be premised on historical links that Tibet has had with Tawang, the famous Buddhist monastery in the state.Gaden Namgyal Lhatse, or the Tawang monastery, and about two dozen objects in its tiny museum, provide interesting proof of this integration. The 331-year-old shrine was built in accordance with the wishes of the 5th Dalai Lama, Nagwang Lobsang Gyatso, who ruled over Tawang from Lhasa. The museum had some objects used by the 6th Dalai Lama, Tsangyang Gyatso, born in 1683 at Urgelling monastery, about five km from Tawang.Tawang was part of Tibet until the British lopped it off from that country through the 1914 Shimla accord that was never accepted by China. Even after Sir Henry McMahon demarcated the boundary between Tibet and British India making Tawang a part of India, no attempt was made to administer Tawang until April 1938, when a small British force led by Captain GS Lightfoot went in and tried to evict Tibetan officials. Lhasa protested strongly and Tibetan authority was restored after Lightfoot's brief stay at Tawang.For more than three years after Independence, Delhi did not establish its authority over Tawang. In end-1950, then Assam governor sent a team of officials led by the Major Ralengnao Bob Khating - assistant political officer to North East Frontier Agency (later Arunachal) - to Tawang. Pema Gombu of Lhou village near Tawang, who guided this team, wrote in his memoirs about how the Indian team pushed out Tibetan officials from Tawang. The Indian tricolour flew for the first time in Tawang in early 1951.Tawang was the most prosperous province of Tibet and accounted for a third of that country's economy. According to records at Tawang, most of the food consumed in Tibet was grown here. These records also dwell on the migration of the Monpas, the tribals of Tawang, from central Tibet from the early centuries of the last millennium.In the 11th century, Monpas came under the influence of Buddhism. Missionaries of the Gelugpa sect of Mahayana Buddhism from central Tibet brought Monpas into their fold in the early 17th century. The Tawang monastery, the second-largest in Asia after Lhasa's Potala Palace, is a Gelugpa seat. Monpas inhabit the Cuona district of Tibet, where they're known as Menbas. The Monpas in Tawang and Cuona use the Tibetan script and calendar. According to respected scholar Tsewang Norbu, author of 'Monpas of Tawang', there were seven waves of Monpa migration to Tawang from Tibet, and most of these took place during the time of the 4th and 5th Dalai Lamas.The 6th Dalai Lama, who was from Tawang, is still loved by Tibetans and the love songs he penned are very popular in both Tibet and Tawang. Ancient texts at the Tawang monastery say 14-year-old Tsangyang Gyatso was identified as a reincarnation of the 5th Dalai Lama and taken to Lhasa from Urgelling in 1697.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16845850", "title": "Young designers steal the show", "text": "KOLKATA: Talented young designers from city schools got a major boost on Saturday when they were awarded by Raffles Millennium International, Kolkata campus, for their innovative designs submitted as part of the Raffles Young Designer Hunt 2012.Shortlisted participants of the contest, which is a unique inter-school competition for aspiring designers, assembled at a city hotel to find out whose entries were the best. The entries were assessed on innovation, originality, sustainability, detailing, practicality and presentation by a team of judges including industry experts and design faculty from Raffles.\"Young people should be aware of designing as a career option. Our objective is to show people abroad the talent in India. Students need to think global and at the same time give importance to their native culture,\" said Domenico Daffan, college director, Raffles Millennium International, Kolkata campus.Fifteen students got consolation prizes while four entires received special jury awards. The second runners-up award went to Saloni Vasa of Sushila Birla Girls' School and Nilesh Das from La Martiniere for Boys won the first-runner up award. The winner of the event was Reema Sharda from Apeejay School, Park Street. Reema's room design based on the theme of intoxication and using unique colours like red and black got appreciation from the judges and audience alike. MP Birla Foundation Higher Secondary School recieved an award for maximum participation, while La Martiniere for Boys was adjudged the most creative school. The viewers' choice award went to Nilesh Das. Renowned photographer Kaustav Saikia was the chief guest.The event was organized in association with The Times of India and powered by Times NIE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16845156", "title": "Corruption \u2018keeda\u2019 eating \u2018atma\u2019 of country: V K Singh", "text": "PANAJI: Former army chief general V K Singh has said, \"If the situation in the country is not good anyone can exploit it.\"His comments assume significance amid a number of multi-crore scams being exposed in the country recently.Delivering a talk on 'State of the Nation and National Security' in Panaji on Tuesday, general Singh said, \"Corruption is an issue that is increasing in the country...scams one after the other. None of them are below Rs 1,000 crore.\"\"Corruption is a keeda (worm) that is eating the atma (soul) of the country,\" said Singh while delivering his first talk outside Delhi.On national security, Singh said \"The definition of national security is much more than just defending the country.\" He said it was important to look at the larger definition of national security and this involved economic, diplomatic, military aspects among others.Singh said the country shared long borders with its neighbours. \"You can't choose your neighbours,\" he said.He said there was a lot of effort from India to improve its relations with Pakistan, but despite this there is a trust deficit between the two neighbours. Singh felt China was a worry for India. \"China has settled boundaries with all other countries except India.\" He said till this is done \"there will not be any confidence between the countries\".Singh said, \"Naxalism is a socio-economic problem\" and is largely prevalent in parts of India where natural resources and the tribal population are concentrated. He said while 50 districts in the country were affected by naxalism in 1990, the number has gone up to 270 now.\"Socio-economic disparity, rich-poor divide, lack of development or benefit to the people were some of the major factors contributing to the spread of naxalism. Highlighting the lack of any development in parts of the country, Singh said, \"In a lot of villages, the situation is as it was 200 years ago.\"While the constitution states India is a welfare state, Singh said that there was no stress on this in the economic policies of the country. \"With increasing GDP, there is increasing disparity.\" Singh was of the opinion that FDI in retail will not benefit the country but \"only benefit those who have taken money to bring Walmart to India.\" He said while New York had forced Walmart to shut its store, India has welcomed the retail firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16844973", "title": "Bangalore campus rape case takes a mystery turn", "text": "BANGALORE: Where is the 21-year-old South Asian student of National Law School of India University (NLSIU) who was allegedly gang-raped by a group of seven or eight youths in the adjacent Jnanabharathi campus of Bangalore University? Police said the student is in the law varsity hostel.But TOI has learnt that the girl and her male friend are being escorted to various locations under \"police protection\" .The victim was on Tuesday afternoon brought to the Chandra Layout police station under police escort. Police showed her the latest photos of rowdies and anti-social elements . However, the victim said none of them were among her attackers.Clad in a pink kurti and white trousers and accompanied by two women police constables , the victim arrived around 2.30pm and was taken to the computer section on the first floor.\"The photos were brought from all the 16 law and order police stations. The photos were of men booked for eveteasing and molestation,\" police sources said.Hours earlier, the girl was subjected to further tests at Vani Vilas Hospital.Around the same time, the victim's male friend was at the Jnanabharathi police station where a statement was taken from him. Some of his friends were seen taking biscuit packets and water bottles into the station.When mediapersons asked them whether they were taking it for the youth, they said: \"No, it's meant for the police.\"Later, the youth, an employee of an IT major, was subjected to tests at Victoria Hospital . On Monday too, the victim's friend was seen at Jnanabharathi police station.On Saturday night, the student had alleged that she had been dragged deep into the campus and gang-raped .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16844962", "title": "BMC cracks down on redevelopment project delays", "text": "MUMBAI: Continuing its crackdown on sloppy work, the BMC has outlined a policy limiting the maximum redevelopment project time for its properties to four years and slapping penalties on developers unable to meet deadlines.In a circular on Monday, the estates department listed out seven steps to be taken against developers if they slip up, including cancellation of proposals for delays in the planning stage and fines if construction is not completed on time.Last week, the BMC, in an unprecedented action, had slapped penalties over Rs 90 lakh on sub-engineers of its road department for not filling up potholes promptly this monsoon.Among the steps listed on Monday (see box), the BMC has revised its charges for a developer from Rs 1,000 to Rs 5 lakh every year for revalidation of the letter of intent ( LOI) if he fails to get a commencement certificate (CC) within a year. For further delay, a showcause notice will be issued for cancellation of the project. It will be implemented with retrospective effect from 2010.The BMC has taken a lenient view on delays resulting from litigation, but ordered a stiff 18% interest levy on the remaining capitalized value (the amount the developer has to pay for the sale component in a redevelopment project) and an additional Rs 1 lakh per month for any extension a builder might seek in a smoothly progressing project.The new policy also links a project's deadline to the plot area. Redevelopment on a plot up to 4,000 sq m has to be completed within three years and those that must in four years.\"The delay in completion of projects embarrasses the BMC as rehabilitation of tenants cannot be done on time. Moreover, as time passes, the value of the flats in the sale component of the project increases for the builder, but leads to delay in paying up the capitalized value that he owes to the BMC. This policy will ensure that the capitalized value is paid on time and as per schedule,\" said a civic official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "16843620", "title": "Karnapura temple gets added security", "text": "AURANGABAD: The 300-year-old Karnapura Devi temple, which is expecting around 10 lakh devotees during Navaratra that started on Tuesday, has adequate security measures in place.\"Around one lakh devotees visit the temple daily during the festival. As many as 30 inspectors and sub-inspectors, apart from 250 constables, have been deployed for bandobast. A platoon of State Reserve Police Force (SRPF) and 25 officers in plain clothes will mix with the crowd to keep a tab on anti-social elements,\" Sandeep Bhajibhakare, assistant commissioner of police, cantonment area, said.All police officials have been advised to be on alert to prevent a stampede. \"Two anti-eve teasing squads and 60 home guards have also been requisitioned for assistance. Nearly 10 surveillance cameras have been installed to keep a close watch on miscreants. Six hand-held metal detectors and four door-framed metal detectors have been provided as added security steps,\" he added.Three police sub-control rooms at the temple, Vitthal temple and Panchavati chowk have been set up for assisting devotees. Three watchtowers have been put up and patrolling will be carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16845138", "title": "Damu Naik frontrunner for BJP state president post", "text": "PANAJI: The next state president of the Bharatiya Janata Party will be elected by mid-November. Former Fatorda MLA Damodar 'Damu' Naik is the frontrunner for the post.Sources said that that MP Shripad Naik has also shown his willingness to become party president.Speaking to mediapersons, BJP state president Laxmikant Parsekar said, \"In the first week of November, district committees and the state president will be elected.\" Parsekar clarified that no minister can become the president of the party.He also said that the BJP has managed to cross the new-member enrolment target of 3 lakh. \"We have enrolled 3.2 lakh members till date,\" he said.Two weeks ago, the BJP began electing booth-level committee members. Describing the response as \"overwhelming\", Parsekar said that the BJP has been able to constitute all 1,610 booth committees. \"This is the first time that BJP has covered 100% booth committees,\" he said. Mandal committees will be elected by the end of this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16845566", "title": "EC curbs likely on political pamphlets", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The district collectorate officials will hold a meeting with the printing press owners on Wednesday to give directives about reporting all political print orders to the collectorate following imposition of the model code of conduct.Collector Vijay Nehra said that it has become a common practice amongst politicians to get pamphlets printed anonymously, attacking rival political candidates or parties. Many pamphlets are also printed to rile common citizens and incite unrest.The officials said that there were reports that the violence in Ahmedabad on October 3 was also instigated by a pamphlet which had incited sentiments of a minority community.\"We will issue clear instructions to all printing press owners that all work orders for printing any material with political content will have to be reported to the collector's office in three days\", said collector Vijay Nehra.There are 500-odd printing press owners in Ahmedabad. Officials said that if they fail to follow the code of conduct, printing press owners will face penal action including cancellation of licence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16844397", "title": "Hillary Clinton plays bailout card for Barack Obama", "text": "NEW YORK: With her increasingly severe looks and drawn face, Hillary Clinton is fading fast from public eye. Few people think she will have it in her to run for the White House in 2016 when she will be 69, an age at which even Ronald Reagan's stamina for the job was questioned.Clinton's best chance was in 2012, when Barack Obama beat her to the nomination. Still, working on Abraham Lincoln's \"team of rivals\" principle of drafting opponents into the cabinet, Obama made her the secretary of state, a job she has, by all accounts, done with distinction and panache.On Monday, Hillary, putting aside all the baggage of her complex relations with the president, made one last sacrifice for her one-time opponent - taking the rap for the Libya fiasco which killed Christopher Stevens, the US ambassador to Tripoli, in what is seen as an selfless effort to secure a second term presidency for Obama.\"I take responsibility\" for what happened on September 11, Clinton said in a CNN interview in Lima, Peru, one of her last stops in the final frenetic tours as secretary of state. \"I want to avoid some kind of political gotcha.\"The mea culpa, coming just 24 hours before the second presidential debate at Hoffstra University, where foreign policy will be on the table, spread like wildfire through the political area with pundits seeing it as Hillary's bailout card for the beleaguered president. Obama is certain to be attacked in the debate for the fiasco, although the he appears to have more trust from voters overall in foreign policy matters.If Clinton succeeds in falling on the sword for Obama, as some analysts have put it, then she will join her husband in bailing out the president in the interests of the Democratic Party despite their initial reservations. Bill Clinton has been campaigning hard for Obama, and between them, the Clintons are tasked with retrieving the support of female voters which has fallen sharply in recent weeks.Recent polls by Gallup show that after months of leading Romney by double digits among women, Obama's lead has melted and the two are almost tied. The Obama camp is desperate to bring women-related issues such as abortion and equal pay - where the Romney camp is on the defensive - to the table during the second debate.Whether Hillary's mea culpa will help or harm the effort to win back women's vote is hard to fathom just now.Hours after her taking up responsibility, a female columnist accused her of being a doormat and another conservative analyst charged the president with \"blaming the girl\" for the attacks.Hillary has said she is leaving the administration, and a new secretary of state is certain if Obama wins a second term. The top candidate for the job is senator John Kerry, chairman of the senate foreign relations committee , who has also been playing the role of Mitt Romney in Obama's debate preparations.Kerry was a veteran foreign policy expert in the Committee when Obama signed up as a freshman senator in 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16847983", "title": "Priyadarshan says there's lack of good scripts", "text": "The session saw stalwarts of the film industry like Kamal Hassan (Chairman, FICCI MEBC), Priyadarshan, Suresh Babu, Barrie Osborne, Siddharth Roy Kapur, Jayaram and Ramesh Arvind.\"We create stars, we make stars and we love them\", said Suresh Babu in his opening line when the moderator asked him about his views on what might happen to these stars in a few years down the line. To this, he had no answer! However, he sounded more hopeful of the technological advancement of India and wished that the day is not far when the country would be self-sufficient to make a film of the stature of Mahabharatha using the visual effects all by itself.Director Priyadarshan , one of the most vocal speakers in the session brought in a completely new angle to the story. He complained that there is a lack of good scripts in the industry mostly because everybody wants to be a director today than focussing on the content. Money, it seems, is all that matters! A greater focus should be on the culture and content to make good films. Insecurities by distributors is another major issue that restricts them from exploring any theme beyond the fixed \"formula\" that might have brought success once. It is impossible for us to compete with Hollywood over budget, so the only strength that we have is the power to produce good stories. Everyone, he feels longs for a change but nobody is ready to lead it. The film makers of today are more like technicians, hardly a few of them are well-read. The essence of great theatrical acting is killed by the way in which new actors graduating of the National School of Drama are trying to copy the modes of cinema.To continue with some of the disappointments Kamal Hassan too pointed out a few points. He felt that we are more into imitating the popular culture and dress code than concentrate on scripts. Film makers and actors must invest more time in gathering know-how from previously produced works and reproduce them in an original form to come out of the 'vicious DVD circle.' Stardom and crowd gathering will never cease to exist though we need better platforms to showcase our talents. Cinema watching is an integral part of our culture now.Osborne and Siddharth, however, emerged as being fairly optimistic about our future as the former felt that films like Godfather have been pushing the envelop up in terms of new technology, new formats, new projection system and many such avenues opening in future. Siddhartha felt that it is rather a good time for cinema as the number of movie goers have gone up and so did their eye for other forms of entertainment. Thus he does not see any threat to television or the film industry in the future!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16845526", "title": "Uproar over BJP poll observers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The list of the BJP observers, circulated among the party officials on Tuesday, has created uproar in the political circles. It has names of ministers with their official phone numbers. An Election Commission (EC) official said that the ministers cannot use official phones for party functions.\"Once the model code of conduct comes into effect, a minister has to submit the official mobile phone and move in his private car for party work,\" the EC official added. However, no official complaint has been registered with the EC in this connection. \"Besides the official phone numbers of the ministers, the list has their personal mobile numbers too, so there is no violation of any rule,\" said a BJP worker.NaMo spending to go in BJP accountPolitical speeches and other content of NaMo channel is for the time being attributed to the BJP. It is only after the declaration of candidates that the expenses would be added to any individual's election expenditure.This was stated by Ahmedabad collector Vijay Nehra here on Tuesday. Replying to queries on NaMo channel, which has been in the eye of a storm since its launch, Nehra said that the telecast rights of the channel are similar to that of any other television channel.NaMo Gujarat cable channel had hit a roadblock last week with the Election Commission (EC) ordering its blackout. However, it was given the clearance to go on air two days back. The channel is supposed to focus on state chief minister Narendra Modi and his achievements in Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16843341", "title": "I cannot see any quality bowler: Dilip Vengsarkar", "text": "PANAJI: Former India captain and chief selector Dilip Vengsarkar feels the absence of quality fast bowlers is hurting India in international cricket.Since winning the World Cup in majestic fashion a little over a year ago, India has not been able to replicate the same form in either Tests, One-day Internationals or, more recently, the T20 World Cup in Sri Lanka . Alarm bells are ringing, and Vengsarkar believes it is time for India to scratch the surface.\"What do we have at the moment? Zaheer Khan , for one. After that I cannot see any quality bowler,\" said Vengsarkar.Even Zaheer has been crippled by injuries for most times and has missed quite a few assignments. The rest, according to the former chief selector, do not imbibe much confidence.\"Ishant (Sharma) has done well at the domestic level in recent times but he must remain fit and prove himself internationally. Youngsters like Umesh (Yadav) and Varun Aaron are talented but have not raised the bar. They may be good but international cricket is a different ball-game,\" said Vengsarkar, who is in Goa to participate in a Super Sixes cricket tournament that has seen former cricketers including the likes of Mohinder Amarnath, Lalchand Rajput , Nilesh Kulkarni and Kenia Jayantilal rub shoulders with a sprinkling from Bollywood and the corporate world.As the then chief selector, Vengsarkar could afford the time and luxury of watching India's young talent come up the ranks. He admits he is \"out of the loop\" for the moment but is in no doubt that India has enough bowling talent that could possibly make heads turn.\"There will be quality on the domestic circuit for sure. We must identify them, groom them and give these youngsters a chance to prosper on the international stage. You cannot afford to chop and change,\" feels Vengsarkar, a World Cup winner with India in 1983.Vengsarkar said India can permanently rid itself of fast bowling problems if state associations prepare \"wickets with bounce\" at the domestic level. \"Bouncy wickets can serve a dual purpose. Bowlers will be encouraged and batsmen will have to measure up to the challenge,\" he said.He also said the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) should make it mandatory for all international cricketers to play in the Duleep and Irani trophy, India's topmost domestic tournaments.\"If all the top players play in the Irani and Duleep Trophy, it will enhance the quality and profile of domestic cricket. It would also mean that young cricketers will know where they stand, when up against the best cricketers,\" said Vengsarkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16845379", "title": "Rajan behind firing on B R Shetty?", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch claims to have got some clues in the firing on city hotelier B R Shetty which could help them crack the case.Sources said three crime branch units, which have been working on the case for the past fortnight, have now concluded that the firing on Shetty was the handiwork of fugitive gangster Chhota Rajan. Police suspect that the attempt on Shetty was the fallout of some SRA project he is carrying out in Dharavi. Cops say that Rajan's men are interested in the project and that Shetty was trying to raise his head by putting up his own banners in the area during Ganesh Chaturthi. \"Rajan's henchman D K Rao, who is facing trial in the murder of Arif Beal, the driver of Iqbal Kaskar, lords over Dharavi,\" an officer said. \"The second angle could be that Rajan wants to kill Shetty as the latter is close friend of dismissed police inspector Pradeep Sharma who is facing trial in the fake encounter case of Rajan aide Lakhanbhaiyya,'' the officer added.The development assumes significance as the results of trial in the Lakhanbhaiyya fake encounter case is likely to be delivered by December end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16846570", "title": "Kamal says national cinema resides in the south", "text": "Ulaganayagan Kamal Haasan kicked off a two-day entertainment conclave in the city in style.At the opening ceremony , he said he was very happy to see that the four south states were represented there and that the bond was growing stronger between them. The Ulaganayagan noted with pride, \"65 to 70 per cent of films in India are south films. National cinema resides in the south.\" And then he added with a smile, \"It's not bragging, it's a statement of fact.\"The Lord of the Rings producer Barrie Osbourne, who also spoke at the conclave, said making movies is what drives him. \"I am inspired by Kamal Haasan,\" he said, adding \"We are discussing a project together. I hope it comes true soon.\" He went on to add that there is so much to learn from one another and that he hoped that Kamal has something to learn from him too. \"My feeling is - keep your passion and keep making movies,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16846324", "title": "\u2018Superhero\u2019 mice to sniff out ammo", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have engineered a 'super-hero' sniffer mice that could be used by armed forces and aid workers to smell out landmines and explosives . The \"danger mice\" have been genetically modified so that their noses are hundreds of times more sensitive to the scent of explosives than house mice. Scientists at the City University of New York have created mice that have up to 500 times more of nose cells that detect TNT-like chemicals , using the GM technology, the 'Daily Mail' reported.The mice could be deployed in future , to countries scarred by war to rapidly sniff out landmines, which are then cleared by a human handler. The project, funded by the US government's health research arm, may sound rather off-the-wall , the idea of super-sniffer rodents is not without precedent. A Belgian charity already uses giant African rats to sniff out TNT and has deployed them in Mozambique and Tanzania and on the Thai-Burmese border. While the so called HeroRATs are very good at their job, however, it takes nine months of painstaking work to train them to detect trinitrotoluene or TNT.The problem can be solved by using genetic modification to bypass the need for this training. \"The rats are very effective but mice have some advantages as mine detectors because they are cheaper to manage and house and easier to breed,\" Researcher Charlotte D'Hulst said. In addition, it is relatively easy to manipulate the key cells in the mouse nose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16843631", "title": "Website dedicated to Western Ghats launched", "text": "PUNE: City-based organisation TERRE Policy Centre, along with Raanwaata, an NGO based in Satara district, have launched a website dedicated to the Western Ghats \u2014 westernghatworldheritage.org.Western Ghats, a biodiversity hotspot, was recently listed as Unesco World Heritage site. Thus, this website was launched to divulge details on its rich biodiversity and will cover all the 39 sites inscribed as world heritage sites.NGOs, botanists, scientists, experts, researchers and local people, who are working on Western Ghats or have traditional knowledge can forward information on flora and fauna for the website. One can post information on mammals, birds, butterflies and moths, reptiles, amphibians, nature, insects, among others.Vinita Apte, president, TERRE Policy Centre, told TOI that the website was launched to create awareness among the masses about the rich biodiversity of Western Ghats and its conservation. Rajendra Shende, chairman, TERRE, and former director in the United Nations Environment Programme, was instrumental in the launch of this website.\"Information is being uploaded in the website. At present, one can get details on Kas plateau, one of the world heritage sites in Maharashtra. This will now follow updating information on all the 39 sites. Information collected from groups and individuals will be compiled by a team of experts for this website,\" she said.Apte said the TERRE Policy Centre will encourage students to take up projects on the conservation of Western Ghats. \"The TERRE policy Centre is a partner association with United Nations. So, we can also help students get funding for their project. Our idea is to preserve the traditional knowledge of the local people and work towards sustainable development,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16845911", "title": "Metro land acquisition on slow track", "text": "KOCHI: Though state government gave its administrative sanction in March (2012) to acquire 31.92 hectares of land for the Kochi Metro project, authorities are yet to expedite the land acquisition process. \"Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) has changed its plan. The agency is yet to file a requisition to acquire land as per the revised plan,'' said a revenue department official. If KMRL changes the metre route, the revenue department will have to conduct a new survey in Aluva, Edappally North, Edappally South, Thrikkakara South, Ernakulam, Elamkulam and Poonithura. Since Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) did not detail the extent of land required for providing parking lots, KMRL deployed experts from Cusat to conduct a study. Though experts submitted their report in August, KMRL is still undecided on the required number of parking lots. Sources said, they are planning to reduce the number of parking lots recommended by Cusat's study report.We have completed the survey (for land acquisition) in seven villages where the metro alignment will pass through. Since KMRL has revised the route, the agency will have to get the state's permission to acquire land. Once the government gives its sanction, we can restart the process,'' said deputy collector (land acquisition) Mohandas Pillai.Around 110 hectares of land is required for constructing metro village and repair yard at Muttam, near Kalamassery and KMRL has sought government approval in this matter.\"Even if the government gives its nod, there will be many other hurdles. Major portion of land to be acquired is paddy field. So, the government will have to exempt the land from Kerala Conservation of Wetland and Paddy fields Act,\" sources said.Kochi:With the state government deciding to entrust the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) with the construction of Kochi Metro Rail project, the project seems to have touched the ground. But the authorities are ye to wake up for expediting the land acquisition process-the first step to be taken for materialising the project.The Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL), on the basis of the project report submitted by the DMRC, had submitted a report to the state government for acquiring land for the project. After months-long processes, the state government gave administrative sanction to acquire 31.92 hectre of land in March 2012. ''Now they have changed the plans. The KMRL is yet to give requisition for acquiring land according to the changed plans,'' an official with revenue department said.In the earlier project report, the DMRC failed to give the details of the land needs to be acquired for providing parking lots. Later, KMRL deployed the experts from Cochin University of Science and Technology (CUSAT) for conducting a study on the areas where parking lots will have to be set up. Though the experts submitted their report in August, the KMRL is still unable to decide on how many parking lots will have to be set up.According to sources, they are planning cut short the number of parking lots suggested by the experts. `` We have already completed the survey for acquiring land for the project in all the seven villages through which the alignment passes through. In the wake of the changes in the alignment, the KMRL will have to send requisition for acquiring land to the government. Once they give the requisition and government give the administrative sanction, we can restart the process,'' said Mohandas Pillai, deputy collector, land acquisition.If the KMRL decides on changing the alignment, the revenue department will have to conduct the survey once again. Aluva, Edappally North, Edappally South, Thrikkakara South, Ernakulam, Elamkulam and Poonithura villages where land is to taken over for the project.Around 110 hectre of land is required for constructing metro village and repair yard for rolling stock in Muttam near Kalamassery. The KMRL as sent the requisition to the state government. '' Even if the government gives administrative sanction for the acquisition, there will be many other hurdles. Major portion of land to be acquired is paddy field. So, the government will have to exempt the land from Kerala Conservation of Wetland and Paddy fields Act,'' sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16843602", "title": "East slip after taking lead against South Zone", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: South Zone conceded a 23-run first innings lead but got down to some serious repair work in their Duleep Trophy semifinal match against East Zone.They reduced East to 129 for six in their second essay on the third day when fortunes swung like a yo-yo at the ACA-VDCA Stadium.At stumps on Tuesday, East were 152 runs ahead. Now, South will not want the rivals' tail to wag like it did in the first innings and also hope their batsmen are not found wanting a second time.South Zone's main threat when they resumed at 134 for five -- 133 runs behind -- on Tuesday emanated from Ashok Dinda . The East spearhead, guilty of not making the batsmen play enough on second day, struck in the third over of the day when he induced an edge off CM Gautham.Skipper Vinay Kumar then took up the challenge in association with Amit Verma. Blending caution with aggression, he kept his team in the hunt till he was the last man out for 61 (152m, 117b, 7x4). That there were only two partnerships worth a mention -- 69 for the opening wicket and 65 for the seventh between Verma-Vinay (97m, 124b) -- meant South managed 244, without at any time looking better than the dogged effort of East Zone.Verma stuck around for 221 minutes with obvious intention that the rest played around him. But when he returned a tame catch to leggie Samar Quadri for 49 (132b, 5x4, 1x6), it was only a matter of time before left-arm spinner Iresh Saxena, easily the pick of East bowlers, wrested the lead for his team with lunch delayed by 16 minutes.That they had squandered the initiative was not lost on South. Their options to salvage something out of this game were limited and so they came out swinging after lunch. Skipper Vinay bowled a hostile first spell of 4-2-8-1 and got rid of opener Manish Vardhan, clueless as the ball crashed into stumps.The period between lunch and tea saw Vardhan's opening partner Dheeraj Jadhav and skipper Nataraj Behera (60, 148m, 113b, 8x4) score 59 runs in 24 overs.Brief scores: East Zone 267 all out and 129 for six (Natraj Behera 60; Stuart Binny 2/25). South Zone: 244 all out (R Vinay Kumar 61; Biplob Samantray 3/41).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "16848444", "title": "'Resurgent' Hughes closing on international recall: Inverarity", "text": "SYDNEY: Cricket Australia's selection chief John Inverarity has indicated that Phil Hughes is closing on an international recall, suggesting that the resurgent opener is now the next batsman in line to be included in the Test team.The 23-year-old was dropped from Australia's Test side after scoring only 41 runs at 10.25 in two Tests against New Zealand last summer, but has since impressed the selection panel with his successful stint in the English county game with Worcestershire and the start of the domestic season with new team South Australia.The chief selector said Hughes had been in line for recall, and added that he had greater plans for him, the Sydney Morning Herald reported.Inverarity said he liked Shane Watson to play as opener or No. 3, but added: \"If Michael Hussey or Ricky Ponting retired, and if we included Hughes, it could be Hughes at 3 and Watson at 4.\"The Australian batting order will not change for the first Test against South Africa at the Gabba next month or for the immediate future, the paper said.Inverarity is clearly impressed with the rejuvenated Hughes. The left-hander made 95 and 83 for the Redbacks on a challenging wicket in a Shield game at the Gabba a fortnight ago and, more recently, caught Inverarity's eye during the 37 he made in a one-dayer against Tasmania in Adelaide on Sunday, the paper added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16843645", "title": "Municipal authorities should be held responsible", "text": "Our municipal authorities just never seem to learn despite repeated tragedies of this sort caused by their negligence. And they will not learn as long as they are not made to pay a price for it. We have consistently held that in such cases where their negligence leads to loss of life or limb, they must be made to pay compensation to the victim's family. The sum must not be less than Rs 10 lakh. Further, it is necessary that the MCD fix individual responsibility for the negligence. The official or officials found responsible must then be made to pay a portion of the compensation amount. They must also face prosecution for criminal negligence. Only with such tough action will a culture of greater responsibility in our civic bodies be inculcated.Related Story  :  Two-year-old falls into drain, dies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16844763", "title": "One cop chases down chain-snatcher, another overpowers rowdy", "text": "CHENNAI: The city police are actually fighting crime. While one constable chased a chain snatcher for nearly three km on his two-wheeler and nabbed him near Taramani on Monday night with help from a biker, another overpowered a knife-wielding rowdy in Pallavaram on Sunday.Police said Ponnammal, 23, of Natesan Colony in Alwarpet was standing at the Tidel Park bus stop after work when an unidentified man on a motorcycle snatched her four-sovereign gold chain and sped off. She cried out.Constable Anbarasan of the Taramani police station, who was patrolling the stretch on his motorbike, heard Ponnammal's cries and saw a man riding away. He immediately gave chase. The chain-snatcher saw the constable coming after him and increased speed. Dinesh, a passerby who was also on a bike, joined the constable and two managed to apprehend the man, Raja alias Senthamzhilselvan, 26, of Kallukuttai, after about three km. The chain was recovered.\"The area was not crowded when I heard the woman cry for help. I chased the thief on my two-wheeler,\" said Anbarasan. \"Seeing me go after him, another biker came to my help and we caught the accused on the CSIR road,\" he said.Police commissioner S George later handed over Rs 5,000 to Dinesh and Anbarasan.On Sunday night, head constable Patrick Johnson of the Pallavaram police station received complaints that a man brandishing a knife was creating trouble at the local bazaar and had inflicted injuries on a few passersby. Johnson went there and saw the man, later identified as Prakash, a history-sheeter, threatening shop keepers. He tried to attacked Johnson, too, but the head constable managed to overpower him. The commissioner later rewarded Johnson with Rs 5000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16844019", "title": "Brinda Karat booked by Rohtak police", "text": "ROHTAK: Police lathicharged a demonstration in Rohtak by hundreds of women activists led by CPM leader Brinda Karat on Monday to protest against the Haryana government's failure to check rape and violence against women in the state and \"outrageous\" statements by political leaders about women. A case was registered against Karat and eleven other women activists.Women's organizations wrote to the National Commission for Women on Tuesday demanding an inquiry into the \"lathicharge on a women's rally by male police\".Families of victims, students and women from Haryana's villages joined the demonstration along with activists of 25 women's organizations, including All-India Democratic Women's Association (AIDWA). Besides Karat, Kavita Srivastav (PUCL) Shabnam Hashmi (ANHAD) Suneeta Dhar (Jagori) and Ranjana Kumari (CSR) were part of the protest.Speaking to TOI, Brinda Karat said, \"The Haryana government which has utterly failed in taking action against rapists and criminals, including those who demeaned women by outrageous statements, uses its police to lathicharge a peaceful protest by women. This is highly condemnable.\"The police clashed with the women protesters while they marched to the office of the deputy commissioner to submit a memorandum of their demands. Five women were injured during the lathicharge near the Rohtak mini-secretariat.Rohtak police registered a case against the 12 women, including Karat, around midnight under Sections 353 IPC (for assault), Sections 332 and 333 IPC (for causing grievous hurt).\"The male police wielded batons mercilessly against the women, including young girls. Instead of assisting victims of rape to access justice, the police have actually filed cases against Brinda Karat, Jagmati Sangwan, and many other activists who were in the rally,\" said AIDWA general secretary Sudha Sundararaman in a statement.The activists held a demonstration at the HUDA ground in Rohtak and then marched towards the mini-secretariat.The police erected barricades at some distance from the DC office and stopped them from moving ahead. When the protesters tried to force their way, the police beat them.\"The police violated Supreme Court guidelines according to which male police cannot be used against female demonstrators,\" said Karat.Rohtak SP Vivek Sharma said the protesters had attacked the police in which several cops, including women police, were injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16845187", "title": "MIM triumph may spoil Sena plans", "text": "MUMBAI: If results of the Nanded-Waghola municipal corporation elections are any indication, the Majlis-e-Ittihadul Muslimeen (MIM) may well impede Matoshree's plans to expand Shiv Sena's base in Marathwada, say political observers.The MIM's tally of 11 seats in the Nanded-Waghola civic polls has alarmed both the Sena and Congress. The MIM ate into the Congress' Muslim vote-bank. The Nanded-Waghola civic polls were held on Sunday and results were declared on Monday. Interestingly, the Sena too has profited because of polarisation of votes, bagging 14 seats in a 81-strong civic body. The Congress had a clean sweep with 41 seats. \"But, the fact that the MIM has won 11 seats and that too by encroaching on our vote-bank is a matter of concern for us,\" said a Congress leader on Tuesday.Saamna's recent editorial voiced the Sena's concern about Marathwada's close brush with terrorism over the last few years. Marathwada, of which Nanded is a part, vastly helped the Sena catapult to Maharashtra's political centrestage after the Sena won the Aurangabad civic election in the late 1980s.Nanded is the hometown of Ashok Chavan whose chief ministership ended in 2010 following the Adarsh scam. With the Congress sweeping the Nanded polls, Chavan's stock has upped in the party, say poll observers.The MIM poll campaign was designed by Asaduddin Owaisi, the All India Majlis-e-Ittihadul Muslimeen MP from Hyderabad. The newly-elected MIM corporators are planning a visit to Hyderbabad to consult Owaisi in the wake of the poll grand slam, it is learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16844154", "title": "Hospitals gear up to handle emergency cases", "text": "RANCHI: Sadar hospital and Rajendra Institute of Medical Science ( RIMS) has geared up to tackle emergency situations during the festivities. With Navratra and Durga Puja celebrations at the same time, people thronging pandals, dancing at dandiya nights and preparing for the immersion of idols will take centre stage in the city. This is bound to create a huge rush where chances of accidents including fire mishaps can take place at any time.Civil surgeon A K Chaudhary said: \"A team has been finalized comprising one doctor, one paramedic and a driver for the vehicle. Such teams have been deputed in the Kutchery police control room, Firayalal Chowk and at Jagannathpur for the first time. These teams will work in three shifts. The vehicles have also been deputed in these areas. And the vans can be driven to any place as per the need.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16845476", "title": "Bhuvi can be genuine allrounder: Lalchand Rajput", "text": "NAGPUR: Over the years, Bhuvaneshwar Kumar has been a crisis man for Uttar Pradesh. He has bowled long spells on flat tracks without any complaint; batted at different slots; and played some fighting knocks to take his team out of trouble.His consistent show at the domestic circuit prompted the national selectors to pick him for the unofficial Test series against West Indies three months back. He did decently in the limited opportunities he got and held his place for New Zealand's tour.On Tuesday, Bhuvaneshwar Kumar (120*, 225b, 12x4, 3x6) showed why he has been regarded as one of the talented youngsters in the country. The 21-year-old Meerut lad has single-handedly bailed Central Zone out of hopeless situation. Now they can hope to beat North Zone on innings lead with just 10 runs to get. Coming in at No. 8 with 233 still to get, Bhuvi, as he fondly called, showed great character adding an unbeaten 100 with Rituraj Singh for the last wicket against the attack which had the likes of Ishant Sharma , Parvinder Awana, Amit Mishra and Rahul Sharma , besides the man with the golden arm: Yuvraj Singh.No wonder, Bhuvi's India 'A' coach Lalchand Rajput , who worked on his batting in West Indies and New Zealand, is happy with his ward's showing.\"It's great to see him play such a knock in such a tight situation. It's still early days for him but he has the potential to become a genuine allrounder. He is a very good bowler and, if he keeps on working like the way he has been doing, Bhuvi has a bright future. He is a very hardworking and disciplined lad. Today he scored against a quality bowling attack,\" Rajput told TOI on Tuesday.\"When I saw him in the nets, I could see that he can bat decently but was bit a short of confidence. He has got a good batting technique and can play all the shots in the book. I spoke to him about his batting and we spent a lot of time in the nets during the New Zealand tour. I suggested him to judge the line of the ball and also worked on his technique against the short stuff,\" Rajput added.Ex-India leg-spinner Narendra Hirwani, who was also a national selector, feels Bhuvanesh can go a long way if he keeps working hard. \"What I like about Bhuvanesh is his never-say-die attitude. He gives his hundred percent whenever his team requires. He is somebody who is similar to R Vinay Kumar. He just needs to be consistent and if he can do that, sky is the limit for him,\" Hirwani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16843486", "title": "Vijender Singh comes to aid of injured boxer", "text": "JAIPUR: Even as national-level boxer Manisha Chauhan continues her struggle for survival after being hit on the head while sparring with a male partner, Vijender Singh has stepped in with financial assistance.Manisha who was practising without a headgear, collapsed after receiving a blow on the head on October 2. She was rushed to a hospital in Mumbai and underwent a brain surgery to remove a clot, but has been in a coma since. According to doctors, she continues to be in a serious condition.Unable to bear the hospital expenses, her father has appealed to the Indian Amateur Boxing Federation (IABF) for financial assistance. The IABF will contribute Rs 1 lakh towards her treatment. Hearing of her plight, Vijender too has pledged a similar amount to the family.The Olympian told TOI that such unfortunate incidents can be avoided if boxers are equipped to handle medical emergencies. He feels that the boxers should be trained in basic life-saving techniques.With the Senior National Boxing Championship to be held in Hyderabad from October 30, Vijender said these incidents do affect boxers before an important event. \"Each time something like this happens, there are calls for abolition of boxing. Rather, the focus should be on safety measures.\"Vijender said the incident is an eye opener for the boxing community and it should come together to stress on improving the infrastructure. \"Boxing as a sport is rapidly gaining popularity in India and there is a serious need to educate the boxers about the importance of safety measures.\" IABF president Abhishek Matoria said, \"We hope she responds well to the medical treatment and gets back on her feet as soon as possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16845330", "title": "This puja pandal salutes the Hindu monk of India", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Vivekananda Rock Memorial in Kanayakumari on the meeting point of Indian Ocean, Bay of Bengal and Arabian Sea will come closer for citizens here as Darbhanga puja committee pandal this year has been modeled on its lines. The idea is backed by the coincidence that Prayag, as Allahabad is also known, too stands on the confluence of Ganga, Yamuna and Saraswati rivers. The picturesque Vivekananda Rock Memorial has been replicated artfully at the pandal.The young Indian sage and youth icon of the country, Swami Vivekananda came to Kanyakumari on February 24, 1892 before his departure for Chicago to participate in the World Religious Conference in 1893. He sat in meditation on this rock for two days and went on to be a powerful spiritual leader and philosopher. Vivekananda Rock Memorial was built in 1970 and is a blend of various architectural styles of India.Talking to TOI, general secretary of Darbhanga colony puja committee Debobroto Basu said \"It is the sesquicentennial year (150th year) of Swami Vivekananda's birth anniversary, so we decided to recreate the Vivekananda Rock Memorial at the puja pandal.\" The unique characteristic of the pandal is that it is located on a raised platform about 25 to 30 foot above the ground while the entire structure has been erected on a bamboo framework. The height of the pandal is about 60 feet from ground. The is exquisitely decorated interior of the pandal has specially designed idols of Ganesha etched on the walls, along with floral motifs.About 15 artists from Kolkata have been called who are toiling day and night to give shape to the pandal. Artist Vibhas Das, says \"We are ardent devotees of Goddess Durga and it is our labour of love and devotion.\"To replicate the memorial, special effects using water would be created in front of the pandal to give it the semblance of sea surrounding it. The structure would be complete and ready for display on October 20. The Durga idol placed in the pandal has been prepared by artists from West Bengal.Durga and SymbolismGoddess Durga is believed to be the mother of the universe and the power behind all creation, preservation, and destruction of the world. Since time immemorial she has been worshipped as the supreme being and mentioned in Yajur Veda, Vajasaneyi Samhita and Taittareya Brahman. The word 'Durga' in Sanskrit means fort, or a place which is difficult to overrun. Another meaning is 'Durgatinashini', which translates into 'the one who eliminates sufferings'.Many FormsThere are many incarnations of Durga: Kali, Bhagvati, Bhavani, Ambika, Lalita, Gauri, Kundalini, Java, Rajeswari, etc. Durga incarnated as the united power of all divine beings, who offered her the required physical attributes and weapons to kill the demon Mahishasur. Her nine appellations are Skondamata, Kusumanda, Shailaputri, Kaalratri, Brahmacharini, Maha Gauri, Katyayani, Chandraghanta and Siddhidatri.Many ArmsDurga is depicted as having eight or ten hands. These represent eight quadrants or 10 directions in Hinduism and suggests she protects devotees from all directions.Her Vehicle, The LionThe lion represents power, will and determination. Mother Durga riding the lion symbolises mastery over all forces and suggests to the devotee that one has to possess all these qualities to get over the demon of ego.Meerapur puja to pay tributes to UmaALLAHABAD: The 37th Sharadiya Durga Puja celebration of Meerapur Barwari Durga Puja Committee starting from October 20 at DAV Inter College will be showcasing the Uma (Parvati) form of Adi Shakti, says panel president Nirmal Chandra Roy.Interior decoration secretary and brain behind the concept Shyamal Roy narrates the belief.According to the mythological story of Daksh-Prajapati and Sati, when the chakra (disc) of Vishnu cut through the corpse of Sati, her various body parts fell at several spots across the Indian subcontinent and formed what are known today as 'shakti peeths'.Shiva was finally pacified when the last piece fell off from his shoulder.Narayan revived sati as Uma giving her a new life.Ever since peace was restored, Uma visits her children Ganesha and Kartikeya with her two 'sakhis' Joya and Bijoya.Parvati visits her parent's home every year during the season of 'Sharat' or autumn when Durga Puja is celebrated.In this look of Ma, Uma neither carries any weapon nor has any vahan (vehicle).She like a simple housewife holding Ganesha in her left arm and Shiva's trishul (trident) in the right.According to secretary Arnab Dey Kirti, following this ritual of Goddess going to her parents' home along with her children is followed in many Bengali families.Women along with their children go to their parents' place.Opposed to Daksh-Prajapati's behaviour, the girl's father gives a lots of respect and love to his son-in-law and grand children.The ritual strengthens the bond between father and daughter.Veteran member S N Banerjee (Natu Dada) says that along with Ma Uma's idol Ma Durga's puja of 5 ft tall idol (in Ek Chalchitra) would also be installed with all the rites and rituals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16845825", "title": "Rain water inundates part of locality, residents fume", "text": "TRICHY: Several parts of the newly-established Theeran Nagar area near here are on the verge getting inundated as the sudden flow of rain water mixed with drainage water in Uyyakondan irrigation canal flooded the locality.About 300 residences are situated in Theeran Nagar, which is situated on the Dindigul Main Road just 5-km away from Trichy city. During the last few days, the city experienced sporadic rainfall. Even though the rain infused a fresh hope to the farming community to carry out the samba cultivation, residents found it hard to wade through the water-logged streets due to water stagnation as a result of improper maintenance by the Trichy corporation.Meanwhile, residents of Theeran Nagar were in for a shock as the rain water flowing in Uyyakondan canal swamped some parts of the area, resembling an island. To add to their woes, the drainage water also started flowing into the Uyyakondan canal spreading a stinky smell across areas along its route. Selvaraj, a resident said, \"We are isolated from yesterday (Monday) due to water stagnation. The stinking smell of the water adds insult to our injury. The mosquito breeding is also increasing after rain water flooded our area. The district administration should take steps on a war-footing to prevent any outbreak of water-borne diseases.\"On Tuesday, PWD officials made arrangements to drain the water from the area. But some low-lying parts in the area are still surrounded by the water. People feel that the district administration should take immediate steps in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16844744", "title": "Govt to weed out multiple auto permits", "text": "CHENNAI: Why is the autorickshaw sector in the city so unregulated? Pose this question to any resident and the response would be: \"Most of the autos are owned by policemen and politicians. Why would they take action?\"To clear away such presumptions and ensure that autos run in the interest of the people, the transport department will soon start taking steps to \"streamline the system\". In a meeting on Thursday, senior transport department officials instructed regional transport officers (RTOs) to identify owners with more than one permit. \"Permits are given to help auto drivers gain self-employment and one person having more than one permit defeats the purpose,\" said an official.There are two types of permits. One is the owner-cum-driver permit and the other is meant for those who just own an auto, giving them the freedom to rent it to others. \"The first type gets misused as there are certain subsidies that come with it,\" said an official. The owner-cum-driver gets a subsidy of 2,000 to install a LPG cylinder. \"The permit also gives special financing options for drivers to own an auto. Often, this permit is bought by those who do not drive,\" said the official.RTO officials, however, say the 'streamlining' is not going to be easy. \"It will be difficult to identify the owners. But if we have conclusive proof, we will cancel their permits,\" said the official. In 2008, the state government made it mandatory for all new autorickshaws in Chennai to run on LPG. To see how many actually did, the transport department recently did a check and found that 41,700 of the 66,679 autorickshaws ran on LPG.Officials claim that the days of policemen owning autorickshaws ended after Tamil Nadu adopted an 'open permit' system. \"In the 1990s, permits were limited and were auctioned off by many, including policemen. But in 2007, the government opened up the system and more people began owning autorickshaws,\" said an official.Members of auto driver unions agree. \"Banks started giving loans and made it easier for one to purchase an autorickshaw. I feel that about 60% of the autos now are owned by the drivers themselves,\" said M S Rajendran, president of CITU-affiliated auto drivers union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16844839", "title": "Companies use online games as hiring tool", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16844078", "title": "Support for Ashok Khemka mounts, with civil society leading charge", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A groundswell of support is building up for the Haryana IAS officer, Ashok Khemka, as political parties, prominent personalities, civil groups and citizens backed him on Tuesday in his \"crusade against corruption\".While a senior Haryana BJP leader led a dharna against Congress and in support of Khemka in Chandigarh, the opposition INLD took out a march in Faridabad demanding a probe into \"the hounding of Khemka by Haryana government for exposing the bigwigs\".BJP leader Anil Vij along with party supporters held a dharna in front of the Haryana governor's house in Chandigarh on Tuesday afternoon.\"We want a judicial probe into the harassment Khemka is facing for telling the truth and for fighting against corruption,\" said Vij.INLD leader Ajay Chautala led a march in support of Khemka in Faridabad and criticized the government for \"harassing a senior IAS officer who was just doing his duty\".The alumni association of Khemka's alma mater IIT-Kharagpur also supported him saying he was \"setting an example by taking on the corrupt governments\".\"We are proud of people like Khemka and Arvind Kejriwal who are fighting for the people of this country. We all are with Khemka and will fight alongside him,\" said Kharagpur-IIT alumni association president Yatinder Pal Singh.Lapses in land deal* Land mutation favouring DLF was cancelled as the order was issued by assistant consolidation officer who isn't the competent authority. As per land revenue Act, only a revenue officer can issue mutation order* Shikohpur village was re-notified by government for land consolidation on August 5, 2011. The land was sold to DLF on Sept 18, 2012, during the pendency of consolidation proceedings without clearance from the consolidation officer, which is against rules* LOI for part of the land was renewed on January 18, 2011. But, Vadra had received a cheque of Rs 5 crore from DLF on June 3, 2008, as part payment of the land deal. It's suspected that Vadra either suppressed the sale agreement with DLF from the town and country planning department or the officials turned a blind eye towards this when they issued the LOI in Vadra's name", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16845087", "title": "Contractors challenge tender norms", "text": "BANGALORE: A group of garbage contractors has challenged BBMP's new garbage-tender norms in the high court. The contractors have sought for a direction to the authorities to move forward in terms of the earlier norms issued in October 2008.Petitioners BR Ganesh and others challenged both the notifications -- September 18, 2012, when the government permitted the BBMP commissioner to go for a new tender, and the September 26, 2012, tender document introduced by the Palike. The new tender norms accommodate collection/transport of municipal waste in segregated form with many modifications in terms/conditions. A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Tuesday adjourned the hearing to Friday.The petitioners claimed that several modifications were introduced at the last minute, including permission to the bidder to sell dry waste at his discretion and also permitting of goods autorickshaws. They said it was finalized without giving an opportunity to them to spell out their views. They contended that the new tender is not in conformity with the Karnataka Transparency in Public Procurement Act, 1999.BIODIVERSITY CASEA division bench headed by CJ Vikramajit Sen has directed for listing on November 20 a PIL filed by Environmental Support Group and others seeking for quashing of Section 40 of the Biodiversity Act, 2002.The petitioners contended that the section allows for unfettered trade in India's biological wealth and also paves the way for rampant bio-piracy.They claimed that in the October, 26, 2009 government notification where 190 plants have been listed as normally traded commodities (NTC), at least 18 of them are critically endangered .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16845104", "title": "Civil supplies no longer under mamlatdar", "text": "MAPUSA: Revenue minister Francis D'Souza has decided that the civil supplies department will no longer be under the purview of the mamlatdar for the sake of efficiency in administration and speedy disposal of cases.\"We are trying to find out why there is a delay in disposal and pendency of cases. The chief minister and I have reached a conclusion that mamlatdars are involved in a lot of work. We have five elections in the state, some times even more because of byelections,\" D'Souza said.The revenue minister said that mamlatdars have to take care of the revisions of rolls, residence certificates, swearing of thousands of affidavits, issue of income certificates for mediclaim and numerous other functions.He said that at any given time, mamlatdars cannot perform this much work as time does not permit and so the best option is to reduce their work load. \"I am trying to take the civil supplies department away from the mamlatdar who will no longer be concerned with ration cards,\" D'Souza said.D'Souza added that 16 new mamlatdars will be appointed within the next two months to improve administrative efficiency. They will be provided with the required support system to function. \"The support staff will include LDCs, stenographers, talathis, drivers, peons, etc. About 400 persons will be recruited to ease the pendency of revenue cases all over Goa,\" D'Souza said.\"The file has been approved by the North and South Goa collectors and has been sent to the administrative reforms department (ARD) for clearance. The personnel and finance departments will give their clearances and the file will come to the cabinet for the creation of posts,\" D'Souza said.On an average, one mamlatdar has to look after about 250 affidavits per day. \"One mamlatdar will be especially appointed to each taluka for quasi-judicial work. They will only look after cases and the main mamlatdar will deal with administrative work,\" D'Souza said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16844843", "title": "Man steals gold earings posing as astrologer, held", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 41-year-old man who posed as an astrologer to steal gold ear studs belonging to a 50-year-old woman in Singanallur, Coimbatore, was nabbed by the police on Monday evening after a trap was set up to arrest him.The accused has been identified as M Annadurai (41), hailing from Ellathur near Gobichettipalayam in Erode district. Police said, the astrologer had visited the residence of N Bakkiyam, from Varadarajapuram on Sunday. She told the astrologer that her husband Narayanasamy had deserted her 10 years ago and she wanted to know when she would be reunited with her husband. The astrologer examined the woman's palm and told her that the alignment of her planets did not look good. He advised her not to wear gold jewelry for three days. She was to give her gold ear studs to him and he would return them after conducting some poojas.Trusting him, Bakkiyam handed over her gold earrings to Annadurai. In return, he gave her something wrapped in material which she was to keep under her pillow for three successive days. She would reunite with her husband if she followed his instructions, she was told. The fake astrologer then gave her his mobile number and left.The very next day the woman opened the material and found there was nothing inside. Realizing that she had been duped, she attempted to call Annadurai but he had switched off his mobile phone.Later, the woman got a phone call from Annadurai who was curious to know whether she had reunited with her husband. She told him that her husband had returned home on Sunday evening. She said that a few of her neighbours were also separated and wished to reunite with their spouse. She wanted to know if Annadurai would help them too. Unsuspecting of the trap laid, Annadurai went to Bakkiyam's house on Monday evening, where the neighbours cornered him and informed the Singanallur police. He was arrested immediately and a case was registered against him in this matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16843502", "title": "Male wolf from Mysore is Katraj zoo\u2019s newest resident", "text": "PUNE: A male wolf is the latest inhabitant of the Rajiv Gandhi Zoological park in Katraj. Part of an exchange programme, the wolf was brought to Pune from the Mysore zoo. In return, Katraj zoo handed over a sloth bear.The wolf is an endangered species under schedule 1 of the Indian Wildlife (Protection) Act of 1972. This male wolf will be used for breeding purposes, said zoo authorities.Raj Kumar Jadhav, zoo director, told TOI that the wolf is under observation at the quarantine enclosure of the zoo. Visitors will be allowed to see it after three weeks.\"We had one female and three male sloth bears,\" he said. \"The director of Mysore zoo agreed to exchange a male wolf of breeding age for a sloth bear. Mysore zoo will send the sloth bear to a zoo in Germany,\" he added.\"Indian wolves can be bred in captivity. Wolves mate for life, which means, once they choose a mate, they stay with that mate for the rest of their life. Normally, only an alpha pair will mate,\" he said.The last animal exchange programme at Katraj zoo was carried out in 2009. Jadhav said a pair of gaur was procured from Mysore zoo in exchange for a pair of four-horned antelope.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "16844288", "title": "Cycling championship at Muz from today", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: The 4-day 17th National Road Cycling Championship will start from Garha Chowk under Bochaha block on NH 57 on Wednesday. On the first day, the 10km race will conclude at Sudha Dairy. Vehicles will be allowed to use only one side of the 4-lane road from 7am to 5pm up till October 20.Total 618 participants from 25 states and 4 organizations, including BSNL, railways, Army and Punjab Police, have already reached Muzaffarpur, according to the chief patron of Cycling Association of Bihar, Ram Surat Rai, MLA from Aurai. Road construction minister Nand Kishore Yadav and transport minister Brishen Patel will be present on the occasion to encourage the participants, according to a member of the organizing committee, KP Pappu.Giving technical details of the sports bicycles to be used in the championship, the secretary of the Cycling Federation of India, Santosh Tripathy said all the cycles have been brought from abroad. The cycles to be used by 16 Bihari participants, including four girls, have been brought from the US. Each cycle costs Rs 76,000.One of the participants, Priyanka Kumari from Nawada, is the daughter of a newspaper hawker. MLA Ram Surat Rai has promised to bear Priyanka's entire expenditure on the bicycle and kit needed for the championship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16844662", "title": "Millennium City gets a taste of world theatre", "text": "CUTTACK: The 20th international theatre festival which concluded on Tuesday here has been a big hit. While there was a common perception that the popularity of theatre has faded away in the age of movies and internet, hoseful shows at the Shahid Bhawan proved otherwise.The festival has introduced audiences of this part of the world to performances not just from across the country, but from countries like Croatia, Poland, Iran, Italy, Thailand, Finland, Bangladesh, Russia and Armenia. The audiences enjoyed the performances thoroughly, overcoming the language barrier. The festival had began on October 13.\"The international theatre festival has really been a great entertainer as it is giving us an insight into the theatre culture of other countries,\" said Saroj Das, a theatre lover. \"All the overseas productions have been so brilliant that the language difference did not affect our enjoyment at all,\" said Amar Rout, a college goer.While the play from Poland showcased the traditional musical culture of the country, the Iranian production moved the audience with its lyrical grace. The festival has seen plays of various genres, like comedy, folk lore, mythology and so on. The participants also were amused to see the eagerness of the audiences.\"Art serves as a bridge across social barriers and cultural differences. It is a matter of sheer joy and exhilaration that our work is being appreciated by the audience,\" said Marjina Baiyegala, a theatre artist from Poland.This year, around 100 foreign artistes participated in this festival. The organizer, the Utkal Sanskrutik Sangh, aims to organize the festival in a bigger way from next year.\"Cuttack is known as the culture capital of the state and we are just trying to keep the tradition alive by organizing the theatre festival here. If we get funds from state government then we can organize the festival in a bigger way,\" said Kartik Rath, organizer of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16848502", "title": "Priyanka Chopra gets all NGOs together", "text": "Priyanka has asked all NGOs to come together for a combined event on the World Autistic Day.After delivering a brilliant performance of an autistic girl in Barfi, several NGOs have approached Priyanka Chopra to come and join them on the World Autistic Day which is on December 3, 2012.However it's practically not possible for Priyanka to attend various events simultaneously. \"So Priyanka has responded to all those NGOs by requesting them to come together for a combined event for which she would love to be a part of\", says a source close to the actress.Something similar had happened some years back when Aamir Khan's Taare Zameen Par released wherein he had highlighted the society's indifference towards dyslexic kids. For this Aamir was approached by various NGOs to attend several events which were being organized for a cause. \"After Aamir Khan , Priyanka Chopra is one such actress who has received such a huge response by various NGOs for a cause\", adds the source.The actress, before getting into her character Jhimil, had closely studied the behaviour and body language of an autistic person by interacting with autistic kids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16846217", "title": "They infuse magic into clay", "text": "MANGALORE: They are destined to infuse life into clay and are called Kumbaras. They spin magic in the pottery wheels, create and connect to nature in an earthy way. Kumbaras have been practising this divine profession for many decades and the community has significant presence in coastal region.Old Kannada movie Rajkumar-starrer 'Bhaktha Kumbara', portraying the life of a legendary pot maker (kumbhara) and devotee of lord Vittala, is perhaps still lingering in the minds of film aficionados. It is this very profession which the Kumbara community, who are referred locally as Kulala community, embody.Kulala or Kumbara is among the oldest communities and inhabitants of Karnataka with about 20 lakh population. Coastal region is considered to be the major hub of the community as there are nearly 4 lakh community members who live in Udupi, Dakshina Kannada and parts of Kasargod.Though a majority of the community members have chosen various jobs that suit their educational qualification, there are many members who still depend on their family profession. In Karnataka, those who are engaged in making pottery are called Kumbara, but the community is known as Kulala or Moolya in undivided Dakshina Kannada district.In DK, the Tulu-speaking community members are settled in Vittla, Puttur, Bantwal, Surathkal, Karkala and other regions. Most of the traditions and religious practices are similar to that of other Tulu speaking communities. Kulal members also follow Nagaradhane and Bhootharadhane.Community members unite at Sri Veeranarayana Temple, which was renovated in 1946 under Dakshina Kannada Moolyara Yane Kulalara Jathyabhyudaya Sangha. Other two prominent temples are Panolibailu Temple and Sri Devi Temple. The Sangha, which was formed in 1927, works with the objectives of overall growth of the community members.Karnataka Raja Kumbara Sangha (KRKS) state working president Ananias Kulal told TOI that major portion of the Kumbara community in the state reside in undivided Dakshina Kannada. \"Though majority of the community members do not follow the family profession, there are many families, who still promote it. At least 50 families in each taluks in the two districts depend on pottery to earn livelihood. Workshops are being conducted regularly to make the art of pottery popular at Puttur in Dakshina Kannada and Perdoor in Udupi. The state government, responding to the demands of KRKS, has set up Kumbha Kala Nigama, a corporation to promote pottery and for the overall development of the community. Currently, there are many organizations, societies and institutions being run by the community,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16845318", "title": "Students' bodies brace for union poll", "text": "PATNA: With the announcement of the processes and date of elections to the Patna University Students' Union (PUSU), the entire PU campus has been gripped by election fever. All the students' organizations, which had been demanding elections to the union for the last three decades, are busy deciding their strategies for contesting the elections.PU authorities have made it clear that the elections would be held strictly according to the recommendations of the Lyngdoh Committee. However, some flexibility may be granted on the suggestions of students' organizations. The representatives of various students' organizations have been asked to come out with their suggestions .Ever since the first elections to PUSU were held in 1959 (Shailesh Chandra Mishra was elected president and the union was inaugurated by the then defence minister, V K Krishna Menon, at Patna Science College grounds), elections were held almost regularly until 1984.Following the student movement in 1974 and promulgation of emergency, no elections were held for the next four years. ABVP-sponsored candidate Ashwini Kumar Choubey was elected president of the union in 1978. In 1980, Anil Kumar Sharma was elected president. The last elections were held in 1984, in which Shambhu Sharma and Ranbir Nandan were elected president and general secretary respectively of the union.But, after 1984, when the Congress government was in power in the state, it thought that the elections would promote caste tension and violence. Even when the products of JP movement came to power, they avoided elections to the union, said Congress leader Prem Chand Mishra.Mishra, however, welcomed the recent move to hold elections to the students' union and said the elections must be held on the basis of Lyngdoh Committee recommendations to elect genuine students. Students must be allowed to enjoy their democratic rights, he said. BJP state secretary Ranbir Nandan also hailed the PU's move to hold union elections and said that ABVP would contest all the seats.It is expected that all the student organizations backed by different political parties, including NSUI, ABVP, AISF, SFI, AISA, AIDSO, Chhatra RJD, Chhatra Lok Jan Shakti and Chhatra JD (U) will field their own candidates. Besides, independent candidates would also try their luck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16845106", "title": "HC disposes \u2018Laadli\u2019 plea", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Tuesday disposed of the petition challenging the requirement of signing the Laadli Laxmi scheme application forms only before an MLA or MP.A division bench comprising Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre disposed of the petition filed by Steffi Fernandes, 19, a resident of Ribandar, pointing out that the application forms for the scheme are available only with MLAs and to avail the benefit, the forms have to be signed before an MLA or MP.While disposing the petition, the bench observed that the grievances of the petitioner had been redressed as the state government had filed an affidavit stating that the forms have now been made available at various banks and that the signature of an MLA or MP on the form was now not mandatory.This has been done to enable the ruling party's MLAs to obtain political mileage and leverage with the people who would be forced to approach them not only for the forms but also for their signature, Fernandes had stated in the petition.She had further claimed the application forms for the scheme are not available with the directorate of women and child development, as all the forms had been taken by the ruling party MLAs and none were made available to the general public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16848379", "title": "Australian opposition leader welcomes Order of Australia award to Sachin Tendulkar", "text": "MELBOURNE: Australia's opposition Leader Tony Abbott has welcomed the decision to award the country's top most civil honour to cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar.Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard announced that Tendulkar would be conferred with the Order of Australia award.Gillard, who made the announcement during a visit to a cricket clinic in New Delhi on Tuesday, said the \"special honour\", would be awarded by Australian cabinet minister Simon Crean when he visits India soon.Abbott on Wednesday told reporters he welcomed the decision, saying the batsman had given a lot of pleasure to Australian cricket fans over the years.\"I think it's fair enough for him to be acknowledged and recognised as someone who has been a great figure in what is for us a great game,\" he said.\"I say good on Sachin Tendulkar for everything that he's done for millions of cricket fans right around the world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16845848", "title": "Aerobridges set sail for city airport", "text": "KOLKATA: Aerobridges, which have kept on hold the functioning of the new integrated terminal of the airport, are finally on their way. A Kolkata-bound ship laden with the first lot of aerobridges has set sail from Jakarta on Monday night. The shipment will take over a fortnight to reach the city port. It is expected that the terminal will become operational some time in January since it will take about six weeks to install and test the aerobridges.\"A special ship carrying the first lot of five aerobridges has started from the Port of Jakarta in Indonesia. The vessel should reach Kolkata in another 15-18 days,\" airport director BP Sharma confirmed on Tuesday, ending months of speculation over the fate of the new terminal, which is nearly complete but unable to function due to the absence of aerobridges.Airlines now hope that of the terminal will be operational some time in January once these five aerobridges are installed and become functional. Since it will take about six weeks to install and test them before commissioning, the aerobridges will be ready only around mid-January and just on time for a possible inauguration on Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose's birthday.Though there is a provision for 15 aerobridges at the integrated terminal, airlines are willing to move in once the first lot is in operation. \"Five aerobridges will be inadequate to serve all flights during rush-hour traffic. But the situation can be managed as the shift to the new terminal will be in a phased manner. By the time the next batch of airlines shift, the second lot of aerobridges would arrive,\" said Airlines Operators' Committee chairman (east) Sarvesh Gupta.Of the first lot, three aerobridges are likely to be installed in the domestic section and two in the international section. The old domestic terminal has three aerobridges while the international terminal has only one such facility. Aerobridges allow direct passenger transfer between the terminal and the aircraft, cutting down boarding and alighting time, saving costs and protecting passengers from the elements and unexpected incidents like bee attacks.The delay in delivery of aerobridges by Indonesian firm BT Bukaka Teknik Utama led to the airport failing its fourth deadline. Though the Airports Authority of India was keen on commissioning the airport on the eve of Durga Puja, hopes were dashed after airlines refused to move until the aerobridges were in place. They argued that not only would a swanky new terminal without aerobridges \u2014 a basic amenity at modern airports \u2014 be a butt of ridicule, moving into the unfinished terminal would jeopardize the terminal's completion.While AAI officials refused to divulge why shipping the aerobridges took so long when its team inspected the first lot at Jakarta nearly a month ago, they pointed out that the Union home ministry was responsible for jeopardizing the original schedule. The latter had taken nearly two years to decide on excluding the Chinese company from the tender process. Supply of aerobridges to Chennai airport was also delayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-17"}
