{"city": "dimapur", "code": "11535063", "title": "Peace talks hindered by Centre's restrictions on leaders' visit to Nagaland", "text": "DIMAPUR: The NSCN(IM) said the ongoing peace process has been severely affected by the recent developments imposing conditions on the visit of the collective leadership of the NSCN(IM) to Nagaland by the Centre.Addressing the media at the Cease Fire Monitoring Group's (CFMG) office, convener of the steering committee of the NSCN(IM), Gen (Rtd) V S Atem slammed the Centre's directive imposing conditions on the collective leadership's visit to Zunheboto and termed it an \"unjustified imposition\".\"If the recent letter sent from the CFMG office has been written to us with the full sanction of the MHA, then the Centre has violated the spirit of ceasefire,\" he said.He said since the Centre was eager for an early solution, the outfit decided to call the collective leadership back to the state so the negotiations could be taken up on a 24x7 basis.Accusing the Centre of being against democracy, he said the letter restricting the collective leadership from holding any public meeting was against democratic activities of the Naga people.When asked about their next step, Gen Atem said, \"We will take all this to the Naga people. We are not kept chained by the Indian Government,\" he said adding, they may try to impose conditions on us but we will not accept it blindly.\"About visiting Zunheboto, he said they would go there even if the Centre does not give permission, and are ready to face the consequences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11530792", "title": "NMC elections: Seat-sharing impasse continues", "text": "NAGPUR: The impasse over seat-sharing between the Congress-NCP as well as the BJP-Shiv Sena continued on Tuesday with only a week left for opening of nomination filing for the February 16 elections to the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). Apparently each of the political combination was waiting for its prospective ally to blink first to come to terms with the pre-poll alliance.\"No formal talks were held on Tuesday though the informal channels were open and communications were exchanged,\" said Vilas Muttemwar , AICC general secretary and in-charge of the Congress panel tasked to finalize the matter. NCP city unit President Ajay Patil also confirmed that talks were at a standstill for the day. \"Congress is a bigger party and has an upper hand in the city. But if it sincerely wants to have a pre-poll alliance with us, it should treat us with the respect we deserve,\" said Patil.At the end of the last round of talks, the North Nagpur assembly segment emerged as the stumbling block. Congress MLA and EGS minister Nitin Raut has taken a rather aggressive stand opposing any sharing of seats with the NCP in that constituency. His supporters gathered in front of his house and supported his stand of opposing the alliance with NCP.NCP has was welcomed it and said it was ready to contest on its own in North Nagpur if the Congress conceded 28 seats in rest of the five assembly segments.With the leadership of the Congress as well as the NCP firm on having a pact this time so as to unitedly fight the BJP-Sena-RPI combination, Raut may have to bow down sooner or later.In fact senior leaders are already unhappy that it was on Raut's insistence that the Lokmanch party of Atal Bahadur Singh was roped in and offered seats in north Nagpur. What has caused serious heartburn to Congress workers is that the Lokmanch candidates would contest on the Congress symbol. Several Congress workers in a rebellious mood over the Lomanch factor feel that now Raut is opposing NCP pretending to protect his staunch followers' interests.The BJP and Shiv Sena also kept away from talks. City BJP chief Anil Sole was on a pilgrimage to Mahur. Sources said seat sharing could be finalized by Thursday and the first lot of candidates released the next day. Sena, which had initially demanded 51, rejected an offer of only 14 at the last round of talks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "devaragunda (sullia)", "code": "11536348", "title": "Family daiva assures \u2018abhaya\u2019 to Sadananda", "text": "DEVARAGUNDA (SULLIA): Almost down and out politically in the verbal barrage unleashed on him by his predecessor on party leadership issue, and saved by the bell sounded by RSS leaders, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda on Tuesday found much-needed self-confidence and happiness in his home town.Providing him self-confidence and happiness was Vishnumurthy Daiva, a family spirit, that Gowda reposes faith in times good and bad, at the Baila Kola held here. Not having missed the annual family religious get-together even once, not even when a life-threatening illness reduced him to a frail-looking individual of 45 kg, this was the first time that he was participating in this ritual in this small village bordering Kerala, 12 km from taluk headquarters, after becoming the chief minister. His presence made the otherwise routine family affair, a village festival with over 1,000 people taking part in the kola rituals.\"Vishnumurthy Daiva, in whom I repose so much faith, has never let me down,\" Gowda told TOI.'Daiva' in its 'okkane' or 'uriyadal' (uttering to the devotee) reminded him story of Kuchela, childhood friend of Lord Krishna, who is unable to share his misery with his friend. Lord Krishna, understanding Kuchela's plight, showers on him the riches. Daiva also reminded him of how Krishna was the charioteer of Arjuna and bailed him out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "kurnool", "code": "11531345", "title": "Bus mows down girl, injures five", "text": "KURNOOL: A little girl's death sparked violent protests from passengers of an RTC bus. The passengers smashed the bus at Chinnatekuru village in Kalluru mandal of Kurnool on Tuesday.The RTC bus driver lost control and hit a road divider crushing the girl to death. Five others suffered serious injuries. Angered over this, passengers got down and smashed the bus by pelting stones. The windowpanes were shattered and the bus suffered damages as the passengers rained stones on the vehicle.Police registered a case and took the driver into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11532333", "title": "HC dismisses contempt petition against Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Tuesday dismissed two petitions demanding contempt proceeding against chief minister Narendra Modi for his letter to the prime minister seeking recall of governor Dr Kamla for appointing justice R A Mehta as Lokayukta.Bhikhalal Jethava, who filed a PIL seeking appointment of Lokayukta, and an advocate Yogesh Mankad had urged HC to take suo motu cognizance of Modi's letter to the PM on September 1 last year and initiate contempt of court proceedings against him. This is because he chose to build public opinion even when the state government had already moved HC challenging the appointment of justice Mehta as Lokayukta, and when the case was subjudice.The bench of justices Akil Kureshi and Sonia Gokani, which had earlier came up with a split verdict over governor's decision, dismissed both the applications terming them as \"meritless\". While rejecting contentions, the bench observed that contempt of court proceeding cannot be guided on assumptions and without specific averments. The court noticed that the petitioners failed to establish that Modi had instructed that the letters be published in the media the next day.HC concluded that Modi's gesture of writing the letter and its publication afterwards do not fall within the definition of criminal contempt of court. This is because he never intended or calculated to interfere with the administration of justice. However, the court observed that CM's gesture of urging the PM to quash the appointment was a duplication of his government's petition before HC. The judges noted that parallel proceedings before different forums should not be encouraged.HC accepted the state government's statement that at no point of time had Modi instructed the publishisng of his letter to the media, and there was no intention on the part of the CM to influence court proceedings.Final verdict in Lokayukta case todayThe dispute regarding appointment of justice R A Mehta as Lokayukta may end, as the third judge of Gujarat high court will pronounce his verdict on the issue on Wednesday. This is after a division bench differed in opinion over the state government's petition objecting to the governor's decision to appoint justice Mehta as Lokayukta.While justice Kureshi upheld the governor's decision, justice Gokani quashed the appointment on the ground that the consultation process for selection of name of the judge for the post of Lokayukta was not over and hence the governor cannot be said to have followed the law.Justice V M Sahai, who heard the case, had sent the matter back to the division bench to formulate the points on which the judges had differences of opinion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11531601", "title": "ACB cases show graft highest in BMC", "text": "The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) topped the list of corrupt government departments last year, if one goes by the number of cases registered with the state Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB). Corruption could be a major issue this coming election because of the recent anti-graft campaigns.The ACB registered a total of 65 cases in 2011, of which 22 were related to the civic body and 13 to the Mumbai police. The third worst was Mantralaya with six cases, following which were several government departments or bodies with graft cases in the range of one to four.In the 65 cases, the ACB arrested 70 government employees and private individuals, and here too, the BMC did the worst. Thirty-three civic employees belonging to grade 1 to 4, along with three private individuals, were arrested in 22 cases. In contrast, 16 police personnel were arrested in the 13 cases relating to the force.An ACB officer said the total number of corruption cases registered with them has steadily risen the last four years. In 2008, there were 48 such cases, in 2009 there were 53 and the next year 61.The corporation had fared poorly in 2010 as well, but not as badly as 2011. In 2010, both the police and the BMC had 16 cases each registered in connection with them, though more civic employees were arrested. \"This city does not pay attention to corruption anymore; it has accepted graft as a part of life,\" said former IPS officer-turned-lawyer Y P Singh. \"In the BMC, corruption is very high but only some cases come out.\"Municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar reasoned that BMC-related graft cases should be viewed in the context of the corporation's size. \"While examining these cases, one should also look at the strength of the organization. The BMC is a big agency and the number of (corruption) cases would appear higher than a smaller agency,\" he said. \"Before arriving at any conclusion, one should see the cases in the light of the number of employees and calculate the percentage. That would give a better idea. Having said that, the ACB should punish the offenders.\"Still, the corporation did suffer some high-profile graft cases in 2011. Its deputy municipal commissioner (encroachment), Chandrashekhar Rokade, was arrested last year for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 1 lakh from a transport contractor. Rokade had reportedly demanded Rs 10 lakh from the contractor to clear the dues for supplying anti-encroachment vehicles to the BMC, and had already received Rs 2 lakh. The case shocked many in the corporation since Rokade was known as an upright officer.Also last year, the ACB registered offences where the corruption in civic body affected the public directly. It broke the chabiwalla nexus after arresting many low-grade employees who extorted money from housing societies by regulating the water supply. It additionally booked several civic contractors for submitting fake bills of crores for work not done.Times viewThat the BMC has once again topped the hall of shame is yet another indicator of the quality of civic service that Mumbai gets. Service, for which citizens pay, coming at an extra price and depending on the will of a middle-level babu, is not what one would expect to find in a \"global city\" (what our leaders periodically promise to turn Mumbai into).Cops vying with the bureaucracy for the top dishonour is also a telling piece of statistic; it shows corruption rules the roost at the very offices that are of utmost importance to the citizen.A totally non-corrupt lower- and middle-level administration may be expecting too much but the injection of a healthy dose of accountability-as well as incentives for being citizen-friendly and efficient-can turn things around.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11530796", "title": "Adarsh did not have green minister's NOC: Babu", "text": "MUMBAI: Adarsh did not have a no-objection certificate (NOC) from the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) to start construction of the building, former deputy secretary in the state urban development department (UDD) PV Deshmukh admitted before the judicial commission.The admission of Deshmukh, an accused in the case, assumes significance in light of the allegation against him that he misinterpreted a March 2003 letter of the MoEF as NOC for the controversial tower.Deshmukh attempted to explain saying that the MoEF's 2003 letter was an NOC from the point of view of the classification of the land as a CRZ II area.Senior advocate Dipan Merchant and advocate Bharat Jhaveri asked Deshmukh if Adarsh had complied with a condition that required it to obtain permission from the MoEF before starting construction work.\"No, this was not complied with by Adarsh,\" Deshmukh said. Confronted with the MoEF letter, Deshmukh said: \"I cannot point out from the said letter that the MoEF has granted an NOC for the construction of a residential building to Adarsh on the land in question.\" Deshmukh was also asked about a letter he had written in October 2002 to the MoEF concerning an NoC for Adarsh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11532309", "title": "Documents of Porbandar encounter cases missing: Govt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government has lost all case papers of three custodial deaths that took place in Porbandar when IPS officer Satish Verma was superintendent of police. The government now plans to conduct an inquiry on how these important documents went missing.In response to the petition seeking a CBI probe in the three cases of custodial deaths, the state home department filed an affidavit on Tuesday and stated, \"The inquiry so far made by the state government shows that no record is available with respect to these cases.\"Besides, the government does not have a record of what happened following the HC order of 1998 asking CID (crime) to look into the cases that had taken place at various places in Porbandar district in 1996-97. \"There is no documentary evidence with the department disclosing the compliance of earlier orders passed by this court,\" read the affidavit.The government has ensured HC that it is now contemplating to hold a \"detailed inquiry\" on how the papers went missing as well as what was the procedure initiated to implement the HC order in the past. With this assurance, the government has sought more time to come up with proper reply in the matter. Due to paucity of time, the court could not hear the petition on Tuesday.IGP Verma recently completed inquiry into the Ishrat Jahan encounter case as part of SIT, which pronounced the shoot-out fake and CBI has taken over the further probe. While the SIT probe was underway, the government wanted a departmental inquiry against Verma and a PIL on the inquiry of the Gossabara RDX landing case was turning out to be a platform to seek the cop's prosecution.As soon as the Ishrat enocunter probe was over, one Hiralal Gagan Shial, sought a CBI probe into three cases of custodial death on the grounds that CID (crime) had not conducted an investigation even after specific directions issued by HC.Three persons - Jasu Gagan Shial, Ranmal Aher and Narayan Aher had allegedly died in police custody. Jasu and Ranmal were eliminated in alleged fake encounters while they were under Kutiyana police remand, while the third person was found hanging dead from a tree beside a police station. Police claimed that he had committed suicide after escaping from custody.In 1998, HC noticed that magisterial inquiries in these cases were mere eyewash. The post-mortem reports showed that the shooting had taken place from close range. HC had also observed that police's version of the death did not appear to be correct, and this might amount to a punishable offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11532889", "title": "A matter of life and death", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Coimbatore-Erode belt is the largest haven for Asiatic elephants. Thus, there is cause for concern when statistics show that elephant deaths in Erode is on the rise, while closer home in Coimbatore, the deaths have been somewhat contained.According to forest department sources, the number of elephants that died in the 11 years between 1999 and 2010 is 298. As many as 23 elephants died in 2011 alone. Of the 23 elephants that died in 2011, one was due to poaching, two died of anthrax disease, three were electrocuted, 11 died of worms, one of starvation, three of gastroenteritis, one of old age, and a two-year-old male elephant lost his life in a tiger attack.In 2010, 38 elephants died in Erode district, 40 in 2009 and 35 in 2008. Erode conservator of forests D Arun said that electrocution of elephants due to illegal power fencing has decreased in Erode district.\"The norm in the death of elephants due to natural causes is 2%. Poaching has been controlled in the Erode district. However, deaths due to parasites have increased. Parasites spread from goats and cows belonging to tribal people living in reserve forest areas. When these domestic animals, drink water from the same water bodies as the elephants, disease spreads. De-worming is the only way out of this,\" he said.As regards electrocution caused by illegal high-tension electric fence put up by farmers, he said six farmers have been arrested and cases registered against them for the death of three elephants. In view of the large population of elephants in the forest areas of the district, the department in a bid to avoid man-animal conflict had erected solar-power fencing along a length of 239 km which would prevent entry of the pachyderms into agricultural land on forest fringes.N Sathish, district forest officer, Sathyamangalam threw further light on the subject. He said if elephants did not die at a certain age there would be a population boom in the wild. \"Elephants live up till they are 120 years in zoos, but this does not happen in the wild,\" he said. Most cattle belonging to tribal people in forest areas are de-wormed, but there are cattle known as the 'dung and death' cattle. \"Very poor people rear such cattle which they don't de-worm,\" he said.If a female elephant, which takes care of the entire herd, becomes weak it becomes susceptible to worms. Incidents of worms affecting the male population are rare, he said. In Sathyamangalam, 20-25 elephants have died due to natural causes in the last five years. Instances of anthrax are very rare here. Only two-three elephants have died in five years, Sathish said.Death can also happen during migration. A mortality rate of 10-20% is acceptable. In Coimbatore, 85 elephants have died in the last 10 years. Of this, 25 died due to natural causes, 16 were electrocuted, 11 died in accidents including train accidents, and 35 died of diseases. In 2011, 10 elephants died including 5 of diseases, one due to anthrax, one of electrocution, one during the infamous radio collaring incident and one during a fight between elephants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11532351", "title": "Less than 50% aspiring teachers clear TET", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Less than half of the candidates aspiring to be appointed as teachers in schools in the state have been able to clear the mandatory Teachers Eligibility Test (TET) held by Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB). As per the result announced by the board on Tuesday, only 48.68 per cent aspirants have cleared the test.Chairman of GSHSEB R R Varsani said that 90,126 candidates had appeared for TET. Of these, 43,876 candidates cleared the entrance exam. Varsani claimed that the result was good considering the fact that the pass percentage was 50 per cent.TET, recently made mandatory for candidates applying for position of teachers in the state, was conducted on December 18, 2011. The weightage of the TET is 70 per cent, while the rest 30 per cent weightage would be given to the educational qualification of job candidates.Varsani said that result of 181 candidates has been withheld as they have not submitted documents supporting their applications. These candidates were allowed to appear for TET despite their failure to apply online for the test. Once their documents are received by the board, their results would be declared.In addition, results of three candidates have been cancelled as they had made identification signs on the Optical Mark Reader (OMR) test paper. This tantamounts to cheating hence the result was cancelled, a board official said.BOXSubjectNumber of candidates who cleared testGujarati8,705English7,331Hindi5,347Maths448Chemistry 665Physics303Biology 462", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "anakapalle", "code": "11531342", "title": "Private firm robbed of jewellery", "text": "ANAKAPALLE: In broad daylight, four robbers looted a private finance company of gold jewellery worth Rs 30 lakh and Rs 14,500 in cash after threatening the manager with knives on Tuesday.According to police, the four miscreants, wearing caps, came to Criss Finance Limited (CFL) office, which is located close to the town police station, in a car and introduced themselves as inspection officials of the company's head office.Taking them seriously, the manager, T V K Rao, explained the branch functioning to them.They asked him to open the lockers, cash box and place all the jewellery and cash at the weighing machine for inspection. Later, they gathered the jewellery and cash in a bag by threatening the manager with knives. The robbers trussed up Rao before beating him up.All the four persons fled the scene with the booty in the car. Police said that it was a well executed robbery. CFL has no security guards or closed-circuit cameras. Police registered a case and two police teams have been pressed into service to trace the miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11534746", "title": "Polling in City North never crossed 50%", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Induction of a large number of new voters in the district electoral list is a positive sign. The election officers are now trying to increase the voting percentage. Constituencies like city south, city north and city west had witnessed low turnout in the past two elections - Assembly elections in 2007 and Parliamentary elections in 2009.City north assembly segment is known as hub of intellectuals. The voting percentage in 2007 Assembly polls was merely 24 per cent in that constituency. The election officers are stressing to increase the voting percentage. Awareness campaigns have been launched in this regard.If one goes through the records, the city areas has been divided into three Assembly segments - city north, city west and city south in year 1967. In 1967, the voting percentage in city north assembly segment was 48.55 per cent. Between 1977 and 2007, the figure had not crossed 50 per cent expect 1993.In 1993 elections, city south and city west had recorded 52.09 and 52.03 per cent voting while the percentage in city north was 41.69. In year 2007, the voting percentage in city north dropped to 24 per cent. In year 2002 Assembly elections, city north had recorded 25.48 per cent voting while the voting percentage in city south and west was 33.89 and 30.24 per cent respectively. The statistics revealed that the urban voters had not taken interest in voting.There are 37,08,071 voters (20,47,035 men and 16,61,036 women) in the 12 Assembly constituencies named as Phaphamau, Soraon, Phulpur, Pratappur, Handia, Meja, Karchana, Allahabad West, Allahabad North, Allahabad South, Bara and Koraon.Allahabad North has the highest number of 3,48,227 voters. The constituency has 1,96,126 men and 1,52,101 women voters. Meja has the lowest strength of 2,78,105 voters, of which 1,54,444 are men and 1,23,661 women.The voters are encouraged to cast their franchise on polling day on February 15.The district officials are visiting colleges, institutes and other public places, appealing voters to cast vote in coming elections. The administration has also planned to organize a series of awareness camps ahead of polling in 30 areas, where polling percentage was reported less.District deputy election officer Chunku Ram said: \"We are carrying out an awareness campaign among voters with an aim to increase the voting percentage. People are being apprised about their voting rights and officers have been appealing them to know the power by casting vote.\"Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11535097", "title": "Four sent to jail for moneylaundering", "text": "GUWAHATI: The court of the special judge in Assam on Tuesday sentenced Ram Nath Doley, Partha Pratim Sarma, Hementa Bora and Dhanjit Sarma to seven years of rigorous imprisonment and slapped a fine of Rs 50,000 for misappropriating Rs 68 lakhs of Assam State Housing Board.However, the court acquitted two other accused - Mohendra Bora and Bholanath Saikia - from the charges as the Anti Corruption and Vigilance department failed to submit enough evidence against the accused.The anti-corruption and vigilance department of the state police filed a FIR in December 1999, accusing the six of misappropriating the housing board's money between 1994 and 1997. \"The four were charged with financial anomaly of Rs 68 lakh in the state housing department.They have falsely allotted housing loans to 276 people of Dhemaji and Lakkhimpur districts with fake land papers,\" said Golap Sarma, public prosecutor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "devaragunda (sullia)", "code": "11536388", "title": "No general transfers till April, CM tells babus", "text": "DEVARAGUNDA (SULLIA): Reassuring state bureaucracy, barring the IAS and IPS, that there will be no general transfers till April, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda on Tuesday said the transfer policy will be implemented strictly. Mid-year transfers, if need be, would be done strictly against existing vacancies and on mutual consent and not otherwise.\"I want my bureaucracy to work without fear or favour without the sword of transfer hanging on them,\" he said.Interacting with mediapersons on the sidelines of his family's annual Baila Kola ritual at his ancestral home, some 12 km from taluk headquarters, the CM said he does not believe in political witch-hunting against the bureaucracy. \"It is true that bureaucrats are loyal to the person in power to some extent, for it is a matter of survival for them,\" Gowda said. However, barring transfers of IAS/ IPS officers for administrative reasons, there will be no other general transfers, he said.All general transfers, the CM said, will be effected during April and completed latest by May-end so that the officials get time to adjust to their new posting and also meet obligations towards their families. \"The bureaucracy should not fall prey to politics of hate that politicians practise often,\" the CM said, adding that they would be able to deliver only when they are motivated and have a reassurance that the government would stand by them and not be vindictive.Govt efficiency put at 70%Political attitude, Gowda said, is must to ensure that work is extracted from the bureaucracy. \"We have fairly succeeded in this area compared to political parties in the past,\" the CM claimed, adding this can be better. Referring to recent department review undertaken by him, Gowda said the overall performance of 38 departments is around 60-70%.\"I have instructed the officials to ensure this reaches at least 90% by the end of this fiscal year,\" he added.Advocating constant interaction among political class and bureaucracy, the CM said unless this happens, both tend to involve in blame game. Asserting that he does not believe in hands-on administration and every ministry is given the freedom they need to function, unless it is a matter of policy decision, Gowda said: \"In the present political circumstances, sometimes there is a need to keep tabs on functioning of all (departments).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11533385", "title": "Notice to 105 schools for changing MoI", "text": "PANAJI: Directorate of education (DoE) on Tuesday informed the high court of Bombay at Goa that it is in the process of issuing showcause notices to 105 aided primary schools, which have reportedly switched over to teaching in the English medium in violation of a stay order passed by the court.This was stated in an affidavit filed by education director Anil Powar, in reply to an application filed by one Ruhi Dicholkar complaining that several primary schools had made English their MoI despite the high court order.Powar stated that DoE is in the process of issuing the showcause notices under Section 7 of the Education Act and Rule 43 of the Education Rules to these schools. \"The decision will be taken thereafter in accordance with law,\" he said. Submitting a chart of the schools, Powar stated that after receiving reports from ADEI's of all talukas it was found that nearly 105 aided primary schools had shifted to the English medium.Earlier, DoE had issued a memorandum to ADEI's of all talukas directing them to collect information of Konkani/Marathi medium primary schools that had switched over to English.On July 18, 2011, the high court had passed an order that the cabinet decision on granting aid to English medium primary schools and the subsequent DoE circular issued in that regard shall not be implemented until further orders. The present application was filed by Dicholkar in the petitions filed by educationist Pandurang Nadkarni challenging the cabinet decision. The high court had on December, 22, 2011, directed the state government to file by January 4, 2012, the action taken report against schools that had changed the MoI despite the courts directions. The court will hear the petition further on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11533485", "title": "BJP eyeing polarisation gains in 2012 poll", "text": "LUCKNOW: As election dates draw closer, the battle for Muslim votes is getting fiercer by the day. All the major political parties - barring of course, the BJP - are trying their best to come out with the best strategy to win over the minority voters who have the power to influence the results in over 130 seats.But saffron party, too, is very much interested in this multi-corner contest for Muslim votes. After all, if this leads to a polarization of votes on communal lines, the party to be benefited the most would be the BJP.While the Congress has taken the lead by announcing 4.5% minority quota (publicized as Muslim quota) and promising it to make 9% if voted to power, the Samajwadi Party (SP) has announced to provide 18% quota to Muslims in government jobs and educational institutes if it forms the government.The Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) has not made any promise but has given tickets to 84 Muslims (21% of total 403 candidates), highest in comparison to the Congress (61) and SP (75), indicating that it would give more representation to the Muslims if it forms the government.However, it has given a fresh lease of life to the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) gasping for breath. The party is using the minority quota issue to polarize votes on communal lines. The attempt is to woo Hindu backward classes whose share in the OBC quota has shrunk due to 4.5% minority quota. However, either other Muslim-based parties like the Peace Party and the Ulema Council want a Constitutional amendment to provide reservation to Dalit Muslims besides separate quota for the backward Muslims.\"Congress is desperate to gain in UP because on it will decide the eventual prime ministership of Rahul Gandhi. He has gone all out to woo Muslims. I would say that the party has kept aside poll ethics and is brazenly wooing one community. This is obviously a cause of concern for both BSP and SP. The SP is more worried because its existence is based on Muslim-Yadav combination, whereas the BSP has an advantage of solid Dalit support. Even a small percentage of Muslim votes will be enough for the BSP which is also targeting other castes, particularly Brahmins, for a winning combination,\" said political analyst JP Shukla.For BJP, he said, the issue has come as a blessing in disguise. \"It is clear from the statement of BJP national president Nitin Gadkari that party would try its best to polarize Hindu OBCs,\" he added. \"Muslims already figure in the OBC list for 27% reservation. Fixing of 4.5% minority quota under OBC quota would squeeze the space for dominant OBCs like Yadavs and Kurmis, which have been getting maximum benefit of the quota,\" he added.Muslims constitute 18% of UP's population and can tilt elections in around 130 out of total 403 seats in the assembly. The desperation to win Muslim votes can be gauged from the fact that parties are digging up old issues like Batla house encounter and Salman Rushdie. If Congress government in Rajasthan stopped Rushdie from coming to Jaipur Literary Fest in order to appease Muslims, SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav has written to Shahi Imam of Jama Masjid, Delhi, Maulana Bukhari seeking his support by promising to provide 18% quota to Muslims and constituting a commission to find out real status of Muslims in the state and recommend measures for improvement.The BSP though has remained silent, its supremo and UP chief minister Mayawati was the first one to raise the issue in September last year by writing to prime minister asking for a Constitutional amendment to provide quota to Dalit Muslims. Smaller parties and All India Muslim Personal Board has also asked for quota for Dalit Muslims besides separate quota under OBC category.Political analysts also point out towards BJP president Nitin Gadkari's statement in Lucknow on Tuesday in which he claimed that the SP and Congress would curtail reservation of scheduled castes and backward classes to fit Muslims.\"BJP is in clear mood to polarize vote. Now we can relate why Gadkari roped in Uma Bharati and inducted expelled BSP leader Babu Singh Kushwaha despite opposition from senior leaders because of corruption chares against him. Uma is a backward leader with Hindutva face. Her campaign would be to bring Hindu OBCs back to BJP as it was during the Ram temple movement in 1990. On the other hand, Kushwaha, whose membership has been suspended following opposition within the party, has been asked to campaign in favour of BJP by holding `Pichhra Varg Aarakshan Bachao Sammelan' (Save OBC reservation meet). Muslims tactically vote for candidates in position to defeat BJP but in case of split of votes between Congress, SP and BSP, the major beneficiary will be BJP,\" said Vinod Singh, another analyst.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11531742", "title": "Five RPF personnel face heat for train robbery", "text": "MUMBAI: The Railway Protection Force (RPF) has initiated a departmental inquiry against five of its personnel who were deployed on the Mumbai-bound Devagiri Express last week but could not prevent a woman from being robbed and beaten. Manjusha Makha, the victim, later registered a complaint with the Dadar GRP.Makha (40), a widow, was travelling alone in an unreserved ladies coach of the train on January 12. A resident of Jalna district, she runs a garment shop and was coming to Mumbai to buy raw material. Her brother Ravi Bahal was travelling in the general compartment of the same train.Around 7.20am, as the train reached Dadar, all women passengers got off except Makha. After the train started moving again, a stranger boarded the compartment and threatened Makha. As she tried to pull the alarm chain, he punched her and also tried to strangle her. After snatching Rs 28,000 in cash, a cellphone and a gold chain from Makha, the culprit jumped off the train near Masjid station.Makha alleged that there were no RPF personnel around. But senior commandant (Central Railway) Atul Vora said there were five personnel posted on the train for escort duty. \"They are attached to the Lokmanya Tilak Terminus outpost. Action was taken against them on the same day for negligence. We will record Makha's statement on Wednesday,\" Vora said.Asked about Makha's claims that an RPF jawan tried to offer her money for not reporting the incident, Vora said he was verifying the claim.The Dadar GRP, meanwhile, is trying to trace the location of Makha's stolen mobile.Officials said they didn't find anything concrete in the CCTV footage. Makha suffered an injury near her left eye and was hospitalized for three days. She then returned to Jalna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11536568", "title": "Suttur is all set for week long jatra", "text": "MYSORE: The stage is set for the week long Suttur fair which according to organizers is expected to attract over 15 lakh devotees from all over the country and abroad.On a daily basis, over 2.5 lakh devotees will visit the village -the abode of 10th century Lingayat saint Sri Shivarathreshwara Swamiji. The jatra will be flagged off on January 19 and will be on for six days till January 24.In addition to religious rituals and car festival, mutt authorities have organized various social programmes which include medical check-up camp, agricultural exhibition, mass marriages, sports meet and cultural competitions.The mutt has arranged makeshift tents and accommodation facilities for over 25,000 devotees visiting the jatra. According to sources from the mutt, the establishment has stocked more than 1,500 quintals of rice, 150 quintals of dal, 150 quintals of sugar, 500 tins of oil and vegetables and onions needed to feed the devotees .Farmers from Mandya, Mysore and Ooty have agreed to supply the vegetables free of cost for the occasion, said organizing committee chairman Shivakumarswamy, adding that 400 cooks and 800 volunteers have been appointed to take care of kitchen and food facilities.He said so far, the mutt in the last 12 years has conducted 1,800 mass marriages and this year 200 couples have registered for the free weddings being conducted by the mutt.A total of five special counters have been set up to educate and train farmers in new trends and skills in agriculture sector and package of practices for various crops.\"Hordes of leaders from social and political field, including governor H R Bhardwaj, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda and other ministers will attend the fair on different days,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11532839", "title": "The kite flyers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Except as a mere pastime, \"kite flying\" is also acting as source of inspiration for city youths. Now relating kites with energy and strong personality, they are placing bets over them. The practice of placing bets among kite fliers of the same locality, usually in the race to cut the string of the other kite, is common. In localities, friendly bets are made over a cold drink bottle or a new kite.\"Kites are a source of inspiration for me as they always fly against the wind. Though they are delicate, these never go with the flow of wind. Whenever people get to know that kite flying is my hobby, they instantly become curious. I feel very proud to have inculcated an out of the box hobby,\" Mayank Sharma, 21, resident of Sector 22.Ankit Sharma, 20, an engineering student, said, \"We have a common belief that if you are strong then nobody can cut your kite. Though, it's illogical, we enjoy following it. At times it is a \"do or die\" situation in a kite flying contests; especially when over your female classmates are watching.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11534591", "title": "HC takes serious note of sale deed frauds", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court has taken serious note of the increasing number of cases where women imposters are used for getting executed fraudulent sale deeds of the properties of the widows or other single helpless women.The helpless complainants after learning of fraudulent transfers have to run from pillar to post for having the sale deeds annulled or for getting the offenders punished, it observed.A two-judge division bench of Justice Amar Saran and Justice Ramesh Sinha further remarked: \"Often land mafias are involved in this fraud. Some times the accused even succeed in obtaining the orders staying the arrest in criminal writ petition from this high court by taking specious plea that the dispute is of civil in nature. It is high time that these grave frauds are put down with a firm hand.\"While making the observations, the bench dismissed with cost of Rs 50,000 all the writ petitions filed by Rohit Kumar and others, who were accused of getting a sale deed fraudulently executed in favour of petitioners by setting up some women to impersonate Pragati Shukla.Pragati Shukla had moved an application to the inspector general (registration) and on his direction, sub- registrar, Gautam Budh Nagar had lodged an FIR at Kasna PS in Ghaziabad in pursuance of a criminal conspiracy hatched by some persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531627", "title": "Rs 10,000 challan for errant driving at roundabouts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Next time you decide to cut through the long line of vehicles on a road leading to a roundabout, and use the opposite carriageway instead, expect to cough up Rs 1000. Disturbed over the growing trend of vehicle owners queuing up on the opposite carriageway if there is a long line of vehicles waiting at a roundabout, traffic police have decided to click photographs of such errant vehicle drivers and issue them a challan for dangerous driving.\"This is to make people follow the rules and act civilized. The opposite carriageway gets choked when drivers break rules like this. We have already identified about a dozen such roundabouts in the south and New Delhi area and will begin the check from Wednesday,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Traffic cops claimed that drivers tend to line up at the wrong carriageway when they encounter a long line of vehicles waiting at the approach roads of a roundabout. \"Instead of waiting in line as is customary, people come on the wrong carriageway and wait there as they don't want to wait in line. Most roads in the New Delhi area do not have road dividers so it is easy for them to come on the wrong side. As a result, traffic is not able to move in the other carriageway, causing problems,\" explained a senior traffic police officer.Some of the roundabouts that have been identified for this drive include Maulana Azad Road, Motilal Nehru Place, Sunehri Masjid roundabout, Subramaniam Bharti Marg, Teen Murti and GPO, said traffic cops. \"We will begin with these roundabouts at first, and then include other roundabouts as well. The photograph of the violation will be sent to the vehicle owner along with the challan,\" explained a senior traffic police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "11532581", "title": "S D Burman's house now a poultry farm", "text": "Agartala: The house where music legend Sachin Dev Burman lived at Chartha in Bangladesh's Comilla district, about 50km from Agartala, is now a poultry farm. The house had earlier been acquired by the Bangladesh government.However, during her recent visit to Tripura, Bangladesh premier Sheikh Hasina assured a delegation of cultural personalities of the state to convert the house into a cultural centre.\"The one-storey building is now in a decaying state but can easily be repaired,\" said Gautam Das, convener of Tripura Cultural Co-ordination Committee.A scion of the princely family of Tripura, Burman, was born in Comilla's Chortha village, on October 1, 1906. Though he was a prince of Tripura's Manikya family, his father used to live in their house at Chartha and collected revenue from Chakla Roshnabad, an area formed with Comilla and Brahmanbaria districts and parts of Sylhet and Noakhali districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "11535038", "title": "NSCN-IM bandh hits Nagaland", "text": "DIMAPUR: The National Socialist Council of Nagalim (NSCN-IM) called a bandh on Tuesday in protest against the Centre's directive that restricted the outfit's chairman, Isak Chishi Swu and general secretary, Th Muivah to visit Zunheboto.Both the NSCN leaders were supposed to visit Zunheboto on Friday, but they were stopped by the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA). However, the MHA allowed the two leaders to visit Zunheboto on Saturday but imposed certain restrictions on them, which further angered the outfit.The conditions imposed by the Centre included NSCN (IM) leaders will travel without weapons, their personal security guards shall not carry weapons even in a concealed manner, their number of vehicle must not exceed twenty and they will not hold any public meeting or press conference.Though the bandh was not announced officially, the outfit contacted business houses in Dimapur and Kohima on Monday night and informed them to keep their business establishments closed on Tuesday. Following the directive, business establishments in Dimapur and Kohima remained closed. However, there was no restriction on the movement of vehicles and people on the road.The sudden bandh affected the lives of the people in the state as they are unable to purchase life-saving drugs due to the closure of medical institutions and pharmacies. The bandh also caught the district administration and police unaware as no one dared to open their shops on Tuesday morning.Sources from Dimapur Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry confirmed that they were told verbally to \"cooperate\" by keeping their business establishments closed on Tuesday. Some top businessmen in Dimapur also received similar calls on Monday night.The bandh took place in other districts too as business establishments remained closed. However, banks and government departments functioned normally everywhere in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11531746", "title": "Bridge on NH-77 to be named after Benipuri", "text": "PATNA: The bridge on NH-77 at Kataunjha would be named after the famous literary giant, late Ram Briksha Benipuri. Similarly, a five-km stretch from Deo more to Bhawanipur in Aurangabad district on NH-2 would be named after another literary figure and politician, late Shankar Dayal Singh. The road construction department has already issued notification to this effect.Bihar government's decision to name the road and the bridge after the literary figures has been hailed by various literary organizations. The government has initiated a good trend by recognizing literary figures, said a scholar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535493", "title": "Aishwarya drapes Oprah Winfrey's saree", "text": "Synonymous with organising the most exquisite get-togethers, Parmeshwar Godrej, threw one of her lavish dinners at her home on Monday to honour America's most influential woman, Oprah Winfrey .The media proprietor, talk show host, actress, producer and philanthropist has been on a world tour, shooting her documentary. And to celebrate her visit to the country, the banquet was graced by the likes of Shah Rukh Khan, Hrithik Roshan , Farhan and Zoya Akhtar , Anil and Tina Ambani , Kangna Ranaut , Preity Zinta , Anil Kapoor , Ashutosh Gowariker, Arjun Rampal , among others. Draped in a flaming orange saree, Oprah stood out for many reasons.Party highlightsHistory repeats itselfOn Oprah's show in 2005, Aishwarya taught her to drape a saree. And apparently, Ash was the one who draped the orange saree for Oprah, when the talk show host paid a visit to Jalsa to meet the Bachchan family before the dinner.Look who's talkingA R Rahman seemed to be in an uncharacteristically talkative mood. He was spotted having a very animated conversation with Oprah, An eyewitness revealed, \"We heard a familiar voice telling Oprah that he admires three women greatly. Oprah, Michelle Obama and Shabana Azmi.When we turned around, we were surprised to see it was Rahman charming Oprah with his compliments. He even got two pupils from his music academy to serenade her. She insisted on being photographed with them.\"Show stoppersApparently, from amongst the guests, Oprah found potential candidates in Amitabh Bachchan and Shabana Azmi to feature on her new TV talk show.Class-in-progressEager to know as much as possible about Bollywood , Oprah found a tutor in Javed Akhtar and Anil Kapoor.My name isWhile Ash, Anil and Rahman are not strangers to Oprah, Kangna Ranaut, Preity Zinta, Arjun Rampal, Neha Dhupia , Sameera Reddy and others were. However, the eyewitness told us that Oprah was seen spending time with everyone.In hidingKatrina, who is shooting for an ad in Orcha, missed out on the dinner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11532572", "title": "Western Command team wins shooting championship", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Western Command, Chandimandir, on Tuesday honoured the command team at local military station for winning national shooting championship for third time in a row.While honouring his men, army commander of Western Command, Lt Gen S R Ghosh called upon them to compete at international level and win medals for India. He said special arrangements would be made for their training and practice in this regard. Army commander commended the team on their outstanding performance and gave away cash awards and seven commendation cards to the medal winners, which included Sepoys Surinder Singh, Kuldip Singh, Dharampal, Sudhir Kumar, Talinder Singh, Palwinder Singh and Gunner Palash Khan.The team of Western Command has been adjudged as overall champions of the 6th National Combat Forces Shooting Championship (NCFSC) by a convincing margin, claiming the 88th Carnatic Infantry Memorial Gold Cup and the prestigious NCFSC banner. The team won three of the five matches and was thus also awarded the Chaudhary Trophy, Cariappa Trophy and the Rootes Group Cup. The victory is attributable to team work, focused training, dedicated efforts and an indomitable will to win.The 6th National Combat Forces Shooting Championship (NCFSC) was held at the Infantry School, Mhow (MP) from December 7 to 10, 2011. As many as 600 sharpshooters from nine teams participated in the championship including six teams of the Indian Army and a team each of the Indian Navy, Para Military Forces and the Territorial Army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11533468", "title": "Cupid candidates set to steal hearts", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Love seems to be in the air this polls. With alluring promises like \"Love Allowance\" of Rs 10,000 to couples who break the shackles of caste or religion and tie the marital knot and special enclaves where lovers can exhibit their emotions freely, the Love Party has decided to field at least 100 candidates in the assembly elections. For this, it has also decided to seek the symbol \" heart\" from the Election Commission .Founded by Love Guru Professor Matuk Nath Chaudhary from Patna, who hit the headlines in 2006 for openly professing love for his student Julie, whom he eventually married, the party has jumped into the poll fray hoping to cash in on the support of love birds facing the wrath of moral police whose plight the party wants to highlight in a big way. Chaudhary had to lose his Patna University job after his wife Abha lodged a police complaint against him for bigamy. He was suspended by the university after which he moved court and was reinstated. The party was founded by him in 2007, said the state president, Pushpa Raj Singh. Chaudhary still lives with his partner Julie, who is going to be the star campaigner for the Love Party.\"If we come to power, we would construct parks in every village and locality where couples can enjoy a few moments of peace and solitude,\" state president of the party Pushpraj Singh said. \"This facility would also be available for mothers, daughters, sisters, brothers and close relatives who can spend some moments of bonding. For us, love is a universal phenomenon which is present in every human being and it should not be confined to a small quarter of society,\" he said adding, \"we can even have truck with like-minded parties.\"However, when asked to comment on the fact that such steps would definitely draw a backlash from frontline Hindu organizations, state convenor Vandana Chaturvedi said: \"We would try to convince them about our earnest concerns to bridge the wedge in the society, a direct result of prevalent ills like caste and religious prejudices which are a hindrance in the development of our country.\"She added that the party would also make efforts to convince the parents and family members of both boys and girls to understand the emotions and sentiments of their children and allow them to enter the wedlock and accept them as couples irrespective of caste and religion.The Love Party has fielded eight candidates in Allahabad -- Pushpa Yadav from Phulpur who is also the wife of state president, Pushp Raj Singh. Besides, other candidates include Naushad Ahmad, City South, Pratibha Srivastava, City North, Mahi Amaan, City West, Pankaj Mishra, Phaphamau, Vinay Bhaskar, Pratappur, Vijay Dubey, Handia and Mool Chandra Bharti from Soraon.Asked for comments on the party founder's unofficial title of \"Saint Valentine of Hindi heartland\", another office-bearer of the party, Payal Chaturvedi, said: \"Perhaps aware of the hardships faced by couples who marry against the wishes of their families, our party has mooted the proposal of providing allowance of Rs 10,000 to such person/persons as it would help them sustain themselves for atleast two months under adverse circumstances and thereafter arrange for a means of livelihood.\"Contacted, convenor, Vishwa Hindu Parishad and Bajrang Dal (Prayag) Pawan Srivastava said: \"The party is trying to sell western customs and ideas to the Indian society which in turn would promote obscenity and vulgarity. This would not be tolerated by the society and us alike and we would go all out to oppose them.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11532321", "title": "AIOTA's seminar for the disabled under way", "text": "MARGAO: Aiming to help professionals upgrade and enlighten their knowledge and skills with clinical facts and findings, the 49th All-India Occupational Therapists' Association's international conference on occupational therapy for the disabled is currently under way at Ravindra Bhavan, Margao.\"Occupational therapists are active processes looking at their own selves and others productively and such free participation is welcomed always as functional respiration is the theme of this conference,\" said Dr Barade in his keynote address at the three-day conference that began on January 16.Occupational therapy is a specialized branch of health sciences to prevent, cure, treat and rehabilitate any physical, mental and psychosocial illness, impairment or dysfunction.At the function, Dr Sunil Mokashi, was awarded the best occupational therapist award by the academic council of AIOTA. Dr Nandini D'Souza, Dr Medini Padhey, Varsha Desai, Sandhya Kaloke, Usha Devi Harikumar, and Mamta Hussain were among the felicitated dignitaries associated with occupational therapy systems.A souvenir was also released by Viny Timblo, chief guest at the conference and chairman of Ashiyana Trust of Fomento Resources in the presence of retired colonel A K Sharma who was invited as the guest of honour. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11532149", "title": "Kolkata nerve centre has fire escape", "text": "KOLKATA: The city narrowly escaped a disaster of gigantic proportions on Tuesday evening when a concerted effort by firemen and local residents stopped a petrol pump blaze from reaching the reservoir. An explosion could have caused enormous casualties in the Camac Street area.Residents of nearby apartments rushed out of their homes with portable fire extinguishers to help firemen who were trying to hose down the flames. Hundreds vacated their houses in terror as the fire leapt 20 feet in the air and kept advancing towards an underground reservoir of thousands of litres of fuel. The shopping destinations of Vardaan Market and 22 Camac Street are within a stone's throw of the petrol pump, which is surrounded by residential and office buildings.The fire is believed to have started in a car that was undergoing repairs at the gas station. Around 7.50pm, a Chevrolet suddenly burst into flames, locals said. The fire quickly spread to another vehicle. There were several more cars waiting to tank up at the station and many vehicles were parked at the pump as it serves as garage also. Before anyone could react, the fire spread to the rear part of the ground floor office that was stacked with lubricants, tyres and other flammable articles.Locals reported hearing two explosions. The noise drew hundreds to the windows. \"The flames were leaping up menacingly. I heard a loud explosion followed by another. I thought the fire had spread to the underground reservoir and immediately rushed out with my family,\" said Raj Chadha, a resident of Neelkantha building across the road. On the way down, they met their neighbours also rushing out. \"There was sheer panic,\" said Jassi.Five-minute response saved the day: As soon as the Camac Street petrol pump fire was spotted , some residents swung into action. An army of locals, Raj Chadha among them, attacked the blaze with fire extinguishers from their homes. \"By the time we reached, the second car was in flames. The fire was spreading fast. The fire brigade arrives just when our extinguishers were exhausted,\" said Gurmeet Singh, another Neelkantha resident.Ten fire engines pulled up at the petrol pump in exactly five minutes and that made all the difference. The firemen coordinated the efforts of the locals and petrol pump employees, controlled the chaos and attacked the blaze with a war-plan.For an hour, everyone had their hearts in their mouths. The AMRI fire is still fresh in everyone's memory. The firemen had a tough time as the pump employees had switched off the electrical mains. Lights had to be brought in.The firemen smashed the glass enclosures and removed all the flammable material. A firefighter, who battled choking fumes to enter the danger zone, was injured by the flames. The firemen were aware that Manosarowar building was barely 15 feet from the fire. A disaster management team arrived just in time.It took an hour to bring the fire under control. It was finally put out at 9.30pm. The gas station owner, Mohan Saria, and one of his employees were injured in the fire as were some firemen. Two cars were gutted in the blaze.\"The fire was quickly brought under control. There was no damage to the neighbouring buildings,\" said fire services minister Javed Khan.Camac Street was cordoned off till late in the night. \"I have never seen anything like this in my life. It could have been disastrous,\" said Ashok Chaudhuri, a resident of Manosarowar. \"I went quite close to the fire. It was raging out of control. Thank god, the fire brigade arrived on time,\" said Chadha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11535621", "title": "MTech student commits suicide on Banaras Hindu University campus", "text": "VARANASI: An engineering student of Institute of Technology, Banaras Hindu University (IT-BHU), committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling of his room in Dhanraj Giri Hostel on varsity campus on Tuesday afternoon. The deceased was identified as Satyendra Singh, a student of MTech (VI semester).According to reports, Satyendra, a native of Sadar Bazaar in Jhansi district, lived in room 14 of Dhanraj Giri Hostel. On Tuesday morning, he and some other hostel inmates had gone to see the Technex-2012, an annual exhibition organised on the university campus. They returned hostel in the afternoon after which, the inmates reached the mess hall for lunch. Satyendra asked his roommate Prasanna to reach the mess hall saying that he would come after some time.But when he did not reach the mess, Prasanna and other hostel inmates reached his room where they found the door locked from inside. Despite knowing repeatedly, they got no response. Thereafter, they broke open the gate and found the body of Satyendra hanging from the ceiling. They immediately rushed him to the SSL Hospital where doctors declared him dead.chief proctor of BHU, H C S Rathore said that a suicide note was recovered from Satyendra's room in which he had written, \"Papa iske liye mai responsible hoo. Aap dukhi mut hoyiyega.\" Rathore said that Satyendra was a meritorious student and had a good reputation so it was not clear as why he committed suicide.He said that the body had been handed over to Lanka police and the family of the deceased had been informed about the incident. Though the reason behind the suicide could not become clear, hostel inmates were heard saying that Satyendra had become disturbed after January 13 incident in which a BSc-III year student, Monika Verma, had committed suicide in a similar way in her room of a private hostel in Nariya area.They said that on seeing Monika's body, Satyendra had fainted after which he was also taken for medical counseling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535886", "title": "Katy Perry turned into computer game", "text": "Katy Perry has been turned into a computer game character.The 'One That Got Away' singer - who recently split from husband Russell Brand - will appear in new PC game, 'The Sims 3 Showtime', which will be released in March.Fans will be able to play as Katy in their games and obtain Katy Perry-themed goodies in the latest offering from the strategic life-simulation video game.Katy - who will also front the global advertising campaign - said: \"I love how you're able to play out different stories through your Sims characters - giving them different careers and watching them succeed. It's cool to see the Sims' stage performances in 'The Sims 3 Showtime' decked out just like my 'California Dreams Tour' - even my cotton candy video screens are in there! I always like to think of myself as a cartoon, and now I'm a Sim!\"Katy will work closely with The Sims Studio to create accessories, clothing, hairstyles, furniture and props so players can get to be the real Katy.Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531636", "title": "Govt's handling of Army chief issue insensitive: BJP", "text": "New Delhi: Former finance minister and BJP leader Jaswant Singh assailed the government for \"blunting the sword arm of the country\" and dealing with Army chief General V K Singh's date of birth controversy in a \"shabby and insensitive\" manner.Singh said he was amazed at the \"sheer incompetence, mishandling and folly on part of the government\" and asked why defence minister A K Antony sat on the issue for months on end. \"If it was a sensitive matter, then the minister should have tried to sort it out with the chief,\" he said.Hitting out the government for its \"obduracy and adopting a mindless approach\" in allowing the controversy to fester, Singh said he supported Gen Singh's decision to remain in office while approaching the courts for a correction of his date of birth.\"Isn't that what the bureaucracy wants,\" he said when asked whether the chief should have quit before going to court. The BJP leader pointed out that the issue seems to have been pre-judged as Parliament was informed that the government would not consider a change of date even when the general's statutory plea was still under consideration.\"I am amazed at defence minister A K Antony's incompetence in dealing with a matter where the chief does not want an extension in service but is asking for the record to be set right,\" Singh told a TV channel.\"Could the defence minister or the PM not have asked the Army chief... walked to his office and sort out this elementary matter of sorting government records,\" he said.Maintaining the government's approach as \"extremely distasteful\", he said the Army could not be treated in this fashion as there was a disconnect between the civilian government and the military. Singh said the government could not treat the general's plea as \"mutinous behaviour\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11533134", "title": "Illegal stock of cylinders explodes, no casualties", "text": "NASHIK: Twenty-six LPG cylinders exploded in Deolaligaon on Tuesday, even as fire brigade personnel tried to pull away as many cylinders as possible. There were no casualties as residents fled the area after the explosions.The incident took place around 10.30am. Cops said commercial and domestic LPG cylinders were stored illegally in a temporary shed on a vacant NMC plot behind Athawade Bazaar, near Gavliwadain Deolaligaon. The Upanagar police have arrested one person in connection with the blast.About 40 families have set up hutments illegally on the plot. Manoj Nayar, his brother Anil Nayar and Jayash Makhwana had put up a temporary shed in the area where they were reportedly selling LPG gas illegally, police officials said.On Tuesday morning, when the work of refilling the gas was reportedly underway, a cylinder caught fire. Additional Police Inspector KV Suryawanshi said slum dwellers fled immediately, fearing a major disaster.While the cylinders were exploding, six fire tenders were rushed to the spot to douse the fire and get the situation under control.spraying water and foam. Fire Brigade personnel said that they had to pull out the cylinders from the fire manually to ensure that they do not explode. The Fire Brigade personnel also said that cylinders were actually flying in the area and even a nearby hut caught fire though it was nowhere close to the shade where the cylinders were stocked.Local political leaders rushed to the spot. However, none of the slumdwellers of the nearly 40 to 45 hutmentswere willing to divulge who stocked the cylinders and what business was being conducted there. A few swords and crates of liquors were also recovered from the shed in which LPG cylinders of HPCL, BPCL and Reliance were stored.Nashik Lok Sabha MP Sameer Bhujbal asked cops how they could be unaware of such a huge stock of cylinders kept illegally. in a temporary shade and why the slumdwellers were not ready to speak anything about it.Corporator Aslam Maniyar said slumdwellers had encroached the area, even as the NMC has reserved it for a garden. Due to the blessing of some leader, the slumdwellers were not moving out of the area. He also said that none of them would come out and speak about who are the people behind the illegal activity.Meanwhile, chief of fire brigade Anil Mahajan said there were domestic cylinders and commercial cylinders, apart from two refilling equipments. He said, three commercial cylinders exploded, while nine were filled and 24 were empty. They also recovered 27 filled domestic cylinders, 12 were empty and 23 others exploded.The police have arrested Manoj from Nashik Road area after the incident. His brother Anil Nayar received burn injuries on his hand and is being treated at Bytco Hospital. Additional PI Suryawanshi said Anil Nayar will be arrested after he is discharged from the hospital. Makwana is at large.District supplies officer Mahesh Patil said the police had conducted the panchnama and investigations were on. The district collector P Velrasu said orders had been issued to file a case under the Essential Commodities Act.Theft of empty cylinders has increased in the city. Some days back the Upnagar police had arrested three suspects - Gopal Kumavat, Sandesh Kumavat and Dnyaneshwar Zombad for cylinder thefts. The police had recovered 14 empty cylinders from them. With rising incidents of cylinder thefts in the city, residents say that a huge chain operating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11530812", "title": "City bus services in Nagpur curtailed as precaution", "text": "NAGPUR: Tuesday's rampage of sacked employees of Vansh Nimay - the private firm operating city bus services - is yet another example of the mounting troubles for the operator. After the buses were attacked, the operator could run only 157 buses instead of the usual 280.\"As a precautionary measure, we withdrew city bus services on most routes,\" Vansh Nimay manager Mahesh Kandalkar said, adding that normal services may begin on Wednesday.The operators suffered a loss of 20 lakh including 5 lakh property damage on Tuesday. Kandalkar said the worst affected routes were Kamptee, Hingna and Pardi.Before the December 17 strike, the company was operating around 300 buses, making 3,500 trips on the 42 routes in the city.When the drivers stopped the buses at Maharajbagh stand on Tuesday morning, passengers travelling to different destinations were shocked.Mahesh Morone, executive director of the city bus service's supervising agency Nagpur Mahanagar Parivahan Limited, admitted that the city bus service is being badly affected due to recurring problems. He conceded that those who created nuisance were sacked Vansh staffers, whose services were terminated. tnnafter they were caught speeding or driving rashly.\"After around 100 drivers are trained, the strength of Starbuses will improve,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11532783", "title": "Sena, MNS to determine central Mumbai contests", "text": "Central Mumbai best captures the transition of the city. Here, chawls have given way to skyscrapers and mills to malls. The largely Marathi neighbourhood of Lalbaug-Parel now wears a cosmopolitan tag. These changes, which have taken place in recent years, are likely to decide the fate of candidates in the February 16 civic elections.In 2007, five of the seven electoral constituencies in the FSouth ward (Lalbaug, Parel, Cotton Green-Sewri Fort and Naigaon) went to the Shiv Sena . The remaining two went to the Congress, which is popular with minorities in Naigaon.In all these constituencies, the 2007 winner was ahead of the runnerup on an average by 2,000 votes. The ward incidentally falls in MNS MLA Bala Nandgaonkar's constituency.Nandgaonkar came to power after defeating two-time sitting MLA Dagdu Sakpal of the Sena. Sena corporator Dilip Shinde said the contest this time will be tougher than usual because of Nandgaonkar's presence.\"But we are hopeful we will win. In the assembly elections, there was a margin of just about 5,000 votes. That too, because the MNS had the support of other parties.\" Sena corporator Anil Pawar said the MNS factor could not be discounted and the status quo was likely to continue in Congress-dominated wards. \"It all changed when Sena leader Kalidas Kolambkar moved to the Congress after Narayan Rane's defection .That's when Naigaon started voting Congress.\" The MNS factor could play a major role in the neighbouring G-South ward (Worli, Prabhadevi , Chinchpokli) as well. While G-South has traditionally been a Sena bastion, the MNS made an impact in the previous elections ; its candidates stood second or third in all the seven wards the Sena won. Though the Congress-NCP alliance did not perform remarkably well in this ward in 2007-their candidates came second in at least three wards each-political analysts say this time a triangular contest is likely: Sena, MNS and Congress-NCP .With several wards coming under Congress legislator Sachin Ahir and parliamentarian Eknath Gaikwad, the forthcoming elections may well see the Congress playing a larger role in this ward. \"The Congress and the NCP can influence voters in Prem Nagar, Maya Nagar and Jeejamata,\" said Shailendra Shroff, founder of the Prabhadevi Residents' Association.Home to MNS chief Raj Thackeray, G-South has been a crucial ward for the party. MNS legislator and spokesperson Nitin Sardesai said: \"Two wards-186 and 187-come under my electoral constituency. We improved our tally in this ward during the last assembly and Lok Sabha elections. This ward has a large number of Maharashtrians , who act as a major support system for our party . Adding to all this is the fact that our headquarters are also located in this area.\"Compared to other wards in the island city, G-South and FSouth had a higher voter turnout in 2007-45-57 %.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11532722", "title": "Raj Thackeray attacks Election Commission", "text": "THANE: The tough-talking Raj Thackeray on Tuesday fired a salvo at the state election commission saying its decision to conduct polls to 10 municipal corporations on February 16, which will be within eight days of zilla parishad poll results, amounted to playing second fiddle to the powers-that-be in Mantralaya.\"It is apparent that the election commission is toeing the line dictated by the ruling coalition. The constitutional body is playing partisan politics and definitely working under pressure from the Congress-NCP combine,\" he said.The election commission should play fair and declare zilla parishad and civic corporation results the same day, so that parishad results do not affect civic poll voters, especially fence sitters, he said.The MNS chief was in Thane to interview about 400 party nominees competing for the Thane municipal corporation's 130 seats. Thane has been a traditional Sena-BJP stronghold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11532654", "title": "43 corporators kept mum for five years, RTI plea finds", "text": "PUNE: Forty-three corporators did not ask a single question in the general body meeting of Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) in their five years' tenure. As many as 63 corporators were involved in various criminal offences. These and many such facts were procured by a group of eight students who prepared 'report cards' using information procured through Right to Information Act (RTI), 2005.The group called Parivartan began working on the project in June 2011. They filed RTI applications at various departments of PMC and ward offices for four months and analysed the data for nearly two months.\"Our intention is to make people know what their corporators do. People can come to their own conclusions. The report card merely provides them some facts,\" Priyanka Samant, a group member, said.The reports have been put on blogosphere and the organisation's website for voters to study. Along with detailed overall fact-finding, individual level facts of every corporator have been given.\"We set four parameters to create the report card. These include usage of ward-level funds, presence in the general body meeting, questions asked in the general body meeting and offences registered against them,\" Jatin Maharao another member said.Wrong usage of public money came to light in some cases. Some corporators have used the money for private purposes, some diverted funds to private schools or societies not in accordance with the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11536074", "title": "Thieves strike PWD official\u2019s house, flee with valuables", "text": "INDORE: Thieves targeted the house of a PWD official and fled with jewellery and cash worth lakhs in the wee hours of Tuesday when the family members were busy in a marriage ceremony.Chandan Nagar Police said Pramod Udania, resident of Scheme number 71, has lodged a complaint that his family was busy attending the marriage of his younger brother Lalit Udania being held at Sapna Sangita Road when thieves broke open the locks of his and decamped with valuables.His family members were visiting the home till 4.30 am and by that time everything was fine. When they returned at 5.15 am they found the lock broken and goods thrown around. Police said that they have not mentioned the valuable missing in the FIR but it is said that goods and valuable worth Rs 25 lakh were stolen.An FIR has been lodged under section 457 (lurking house trespass or house-breaking by night in order to commit offence punishable with imprisonment) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11532347", "title": "GMC to host CME on cardiothoracic pathology", "text": "PANAJI: The department of pathology, Goa Medical College, Panaji, in collaboration with the Indian Academy of Cytologists, will organize a continuing medical education (CME) programme on cardiothoracic pathology on January 18, at 3pm, in the seminar room of GMC's pathology department.The faculty comprises Dr Pradeep Vaideeswar - professor of pathology and head of the cardiovascular and thoracic division, Seth G S Medical College and KEM Hospital, Parel-Mumbai, and Dr Jijiyabai R - professor and head of pathology department, Gandhi Medical College, Hyderabad.The CME programme will be chaired by Dr R G Wiseman Pinto, professor and head of GMC's pathology department.The topics to be covered at the CME will include mediastinal masses, congenital cardiac diseases, anerysmal dilatation of aorta, embolism in the aorta, atrial myxoma, rheumatic heart disease, aortic stenosis and other lesions of the heart, blood vessels, mediastinum and thorax. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11536668", "title": "Girl stabbed by relative", "text": "MYSORE: Dhanyashree (22), a student of Government Ayurveda Medical College and Hospital, was attacked by a relative in Devaraja police limits on Tuesday. However, she is stable and undergoing treatment at KR Hospital.Police are suspecting her relative, Bhagyaraj from Hassan, a member of an Armed Force, of attempting to kill Dhanyashree, a final year student. Police are investigating the motive behind the crime.Devaraja sub-division ACP Cheluvaraju told TOI that Bhagyaraja, who visited Dhanyshree at her college hostel on KRS road, summoned her out of the hostel premises and then attacked her using a sharp weapon.However, he fled the spot soon after she raised an alarm. She was rushed to the hospital by inmates of a boys' hostel, which is located closed to the girls' hostel. Though some of the boys tried to catch the attacker, he fled in a four-wheeler. Police traced the vehicle near Holdsworth Memorial Hospital and a search is on for Bhagyaraj.Meanwhile, college in-charge principal H M Chandramouli confirmed that Dhanyashree suffered injuries over her neck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11534022", "title": "Puja in govt offices won\u2019t hurt secularism: HC", "text": "CHENNAI: Is conducting Ayudha Puja or Saraswathi Puja in government offices a non-secular activity deserving to be banned? 'No', the Madras high court has ruled.\"Showing respect to the place of work and the objects of work will in no way offend the feelings of others or affect secularism. Ayudha Puja is referable to prayer, reverence or respect given to objects through which an individual performs his profession or occupation. Ayudha Puja in its real terms transcends all religion,\" a division bench of Justice R Sudhakar and Justice Aruna Jagadeesan has said.Dismissing a public interest writ petition, which sought a direction to the government to prohibit \"all sorts of religious activities within the precincts of government offices\", the bench said an individual showing respect to his occupational tools cannot be said to offend the secular nature of the state.\"Irrespectvie of religion, Ayudha Puja is a reverence shown by cobblers, weavers, farmers, autorickshaw drivers, rickshaw-pullers, carpenters, shopkeepers, chartered accountants, advocates, doctors etc., to objects which they use to earn their livelihood,\" Justice Sudhakar, who wrote the judgment for the bench, observed.Similarly, Saraswathi Puja is referable to showing respect to education, knowledge and the script , the judge said, adding: \"The form of worship or veneration to files and records at the close of the working day preceding the Ayudhua Puja or Saraswathi Puja holidays cannot be called as religious activity by the government, affecting the secular nature of the state.\"The judges pointed out that Ayudha Puja and Saraswathi Puja fall on holidays and it could not be concluded that it was the state which performed these pujas at office. \"In government offices, if an individual shows respect and reverence to the materials, books, files or records which are being handled by the individual, it will be referable to his individual freedom and there is nothing to show that it affects the secular nature of the state.\"The petitioner, S P Muthuraman, cited a government order issued in 1993 and a circular dated April 22, 2010 to seek a ban on religious activities in government offices. In December 1993, a government order said no construction of any new structure for religious worship or prayer within the office campus or modification of any existing structure should be permitted. This was reiterated by a division bench order of the high court in March 2010. It was following the HC order that in April 2010 the government sent the circular.Justice Sudhakar, however, pointed out that the government order and the circular related to construction and enlargement of structures within government office complexes and had nothing to do with an individual's right to offer puja for the place of work or tools. An individual's right to freedom of conscience is permitted in Article 25 of the Constitution, he said, adding: \"If the relief sought for by the petition is accepted, it is likely to cause disharmony among various groups.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11534910", "title": "TCS to hire 15,000 in Q4", "text": "MUMBAI: Software major TCS said it will hire close to 15,000 people in the January-March quarter and with addition the company will exceed its target of hiring 60,000 people for the 2011-12 fiscal.\"If you look at the gross, we have already done 51,000 and as far as this quarter is concerned, we will do close to 15,000 more. So the 60,000 number will go up,\" TCS Vice-President and Head (Global HR) Ajoy Mukherjee told reporters here.At the beginning of the year, TCS had said it expected to hire about 60,000 people during FY 2012.The company has added 18,907 (gross) and 11,981 (net) employees during the October-December quarter, taking its total headcount to 2,26,751 employees.In the previous quarter, TCS added 20,349 people, which was the highest addition by the company in any three-month period. The attrition rate during the third quarter fell to 12.8 per cent, Mukherjee added.TCS today reported an 18.26 per cent jump in consolidated net profit to Rs 2,802.77 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2011 as compared to a net profit of Rs 2,301 crore in the year-ago period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11532432", "title": "FOGG writes to ECI, demands transfer of collectors, CEO", "text": "PANAJI: Friends of Good Governance (FOGG) has written to the Election Commission of India (ECI) demanding the immediate transfer of the \"IAS-in-waiting\" collectors and the chief electoral officer (CEO) of Goa for failing \"to act on our complaint\". FOGG asked that they be replaced with \"honest and upright officers, preferably from the IAS cadre\".FOGG had requested both district collectors in Goa, the chief electoral officer and the assistant chief electoral officer to \"desist from removing\" FOGG's hoardings pending the resolution of the matter by the ECI. FOGG's letter stated, \"It appears that the collectors have realized that the likely decision of the EC may embarrass their pro-government views. Both the collectors are basically from the Goa civil services and eagerly awaiting their inclusion in the Indian Administrative Service (IAS) at some point of time in the future, and have acted in undue haste in removing the hoardings which were only spreading a message against corruption, price rise, unemployment and bad governance.\"FOGG has described the act of removing their hoardings by the election officers as \"completely partial, pro-government and making a mockery of the entire election process. As an NGO, this is an organization which has openly been fighting corruption for the last several years and cannot be gagged on the threshold of elections by highhandedly attempting to silence the voice against corruption and mis-governance, said the letter signed by FOGG secretary Giriraj Pai Vernekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11532523", "title": "Man drowns at MPT berth", "text": "VASCO: A 22-year-old Uttar Pradesh-resident drowned at MPT berth No. 9. Mormugao police said that the man was climbing the conveyor belt of a ship to weld something and fell.The incident occurred at around 8.45am on Tuesday. Two of Atul Kumar's companions who were beside him jumped to save his life as Kumar did not know how to swim. At 9.30am a diver recovered the body which was taken to a hospital where he was declared dead.His body is preserved in Hospicio hospital, Margao, for postmortem, which will be conducted once his family arrives from UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11531072", "title": "Choked city roads slow minimum travel speed to 8kmph from 18kmph", "text": "MUMBAI: The report on a new coastal freeway comes at a time when road congestion in Mumbai has reached unparalleled proportions. Critics have argued that the more roads you build, more acute the traffic chaos.The joint technical committee that submitted its report on the coastal road on Tuesday admitted that the overall speed in the city is decreasing. The report quoted a Comprehensive Transport Strategy Study carried out by the Mumbai Metropolitan Region and Development Authority (MMRDA), which showed how increased traffic levels led to lower speed.Between 1990 and 2005, the minimum average travel speed on major corridors in the island city fell from 18 kmph to 8 kmph in spite of major capacity expansion projects. The maximum average travel speed showed a marginal increase from 25 kmph to 30 kmph, mainly due to new flyovers reducing location-specific delays.In the suburbs, the minimum speed fell from 30 kmph to 5 kmph while the maximum speed increased from 40 kmph to 45 kmph. The survey reported an annual 9.7% growth in vehicles, which was attributed to \"highly intolerable\" crowding levels in suburban trains, increasing income levels and easy availability of loans.\"During discussions relating to the city's transport strategy, sometimes one hears a view that if public transport is augmented to make it abundant and comfortable, there is no need to invest in road infrastructure since it tends to promote private transport,'' said the coastal road committee report. \"This is a simplistic view,'' it said and added that substantial investments are required to set up ring roads and radials.The committee concluded that the new roads recommended in the MMRDA study were badly needed to meet the city's requirements along with significant investments and improvements in public transport.The network envisaged in the MMRDA study showed a road running along the coastline from Nariman Point in the south to Versova on the western flank of the city and the eastern freeway along the east coast of the island city to Chembur and further to link to the eastern express highway at Ghatkopar. The proposed Sewri-Nhava trans harbour link with the connecting road network and the multi-nodal Virar-Alibag corridor would complete a ring road around Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11532448", "title": "Deepak quits KTC, spits venom at govt", "text": "PANAJI: Soon after quitting as chairman of the Kadamba Transport Corporation (KTC), Maharastrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) president Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar accused the chief minister Digambar Kamat-led government of being corrupt. He said that MGP's central committee will soon take a call if it wants to continue with the Congress-led government.Deepak on Tuesday resigned as the chairman of KTC stating that as president of MGP he wants to give more time for the party campaign. \"I have resigned as the chairman of KTC and have sent my resignation to the transport secretary. I hope it will be accepted soon,\" said the Priol MLA.In June 2010, the Kamat-led government had appointed Deepak as KTC's chairman. \"I have done a lot of work in the KTC. A lot of things still need to be done,\" he added.According to analysts, a chairperson of any government corporation who is aspiring to contest the assembly elections has to resign from the office of profit before the person files his or her nomination papers. Deepak said his party will work towards giving Goa a corruption-free government.He also denied media reports that his brother, transport minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar, had met All India Congress Committee president Sonia Gandhi to discuss the alliance issue.When asked whether Sudin also was moving out of the government, Deepak said, \"MGP's central committee will meet in the next three days and a decision will be taken then.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11536454", "title": "Fewer outbreaks of water-borne diseases", "text": "PUNE: The fight against water-borne diseases seems to have started yielding results. As against 91 deaths in 2010, the state recorded 14 deaths in 2011- a marked drop of 84% in mortality - due to gastroenteritis (gastro), diarrhoea, infective hepatitis, typhoid and cholera, all diseases caused by consumption of contaminated water.Micro-planning, regular review meetings of planned work and awareness about using bleaching powder to purify water at village level helped reduce outbreaks, say state health officials. As against 261 outbreaks of water-borne diseases registered in 2010, the number of outbreaks fell to 73 in 2011.\"The perceptible drop in deaths due to water-borne diseases can be attributed to multi-pronged strategy initiated at all level -- from village to district -- of planning and administration,\" V D Khanande, joint director of state health services told TOI on Friday.The highest number of outbreaks (28) in 2011 were those of diarrhoea, followed by gastroenteritis (25), infective hepatitis (12), typhoid (4) and cholera (6), states the health department's report. As many as 4,052 people suffered an attack of these diseases during the outbreaks.Among the 14 deaths due to water-borne diseases, six died due to gastro that occurred in Kolhapur (1), Sangli (2), Parbhani (1), Nanded (1), and Washim (1). One diarrhoea death occurred in Nandurbar. Infective hepatitis claimed one life each in Satara, Sangli and Nanded. Typhoid claimed two lives in Nanded. Two cholera deaths occurred in Pune and Thane, the report states.In 2010, the highest number of outbreaks in Maharashtra was of gastro (177) in which 71 people died. Diarrhoea claimed 19 lives.\"Usually, the water scarcity starts after March. This is the period when we have to strengthen our monitoring work. Since April 2011, we started conducting additional district health officials' meeting to review their work once every month. We ensured that bleaching power is made available in villages and talukas and sensitized villagers about its use. Micro-planning, regular review meetings of planned work and awareness about using bleaching powder to purify water at village level helped to reduce outbreaks,\" Khanande said.Although access to drinking water has improved, the World Bank estimates that 21% of communicable diseases in India are related to unsafe drinking water. Hygiene practices also continue to be a problem in India. Latrine usage is extremely poor in rural areas; only 14% of the rural population has access to a latrine. The practicing of washing hands is also very low, this increases the spread of disease. In order to decrease the amount of diseases spread through drinking-water, usage of latrine and hygiene must be improved simultaneously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531701", "title": "Phase-out of risky jugaads, fish-carts on the cards?", "text": "New Delhi: Soon, vehicles like jugaads and fish-carts in north and south India, respectively, will have to get registered with local transport authorities and their drivers will need driving licences. The road transport and highways ministry has chalked out an elaborate plan to regulate these vehicles to reduce the growing road accidents and fatalities.Ministry sources said a concept paper to curb road fatalities was circulated to the transport secretaries and senior police officers from various states last week. The report has a chapter dedicated to regulate these \"unauthorized\" vehicles. However, none of the states agreed to regularize jugaads or fish-carts since it could become a political hot potato.Officials are clueless about the number of jugaads and fish-carts that are in circulation since they had never come under the registration regime. \"These vehicles are running on all highways and major roads as poor man's transport or being used for agricultural purpose. Their designs have not been standardized and safety norms are routinely flouted. Regulation will put a check on their growth,\" said a transport department official of Haryana government.The move is being seen as the ministry's bid to phase out these \"risky\" vehicles. Carpenters manufacture jugaads by fitting a diesel engine to a cart.Traffic safety expert Rohit Baluja pointed out that these `risky' vehicles don't have buffers to reduce the impact in case of an accident. \"No way can you standardize these vehicles and they should not be allowed to be driven on highways and major roads, where vehicles move at a high speed. In a worst-case scenario, they should be confined to only rural areas after they obtain a compliance certificate,\" he added.The ministry has also decided to develop sponsored software to get instant data of road accidents and deaths on the lines of the Tamil Nadu model. This will help monitor accidents and fatalities across the country. All states will have access to the software to upload their data. \"The ministry has offered to develop the software at an estimated cost of Rs 245 crore between 2012 and 2017,\" said a source.The Tamil Nadu model, which has a provision to compile accident data and reasons that could have led to the incident, has helped the southern state to reduce accidents and deaths in recent years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "11534385", "title": "Karnal: School buses flout rules despite warning by administration", "text": "KARNAL: The blatant violation of road rules by the school transport continues despite the many warnings by the administration. It was on Tuesday when the officials of the district administration and the traffic policemen came across several buses and vans of various schools, plying without basic equipment - fire extinguishers and medical kits.The bus and van drivers could not produce their route details, while many of them were not in uniform, said traffic in charge Satyadev, adding that some vehicles were plying without registration certificates, pollution certificates and insurance documents. Several vehicles were fined on the spot and others were issued challan slips.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11531030", "title": "NMC gets back Rs 3.75L lost in bogus cheques scam", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has got back 3.75 lakh of the amount it had lost as a result bogus cheques scam involving its accounts. The Bank of Maharashtra credited the amount back in its accounts, officials said.An NMC finance department official told TOI the trickster had made three bogus cheques in the name of three different persons and deposited them in banks situated in different towns.\"Cheque of an amount of 3,74,623 came from UCO Bank , Gondia branch, followed by cheque of 5,42,840 from SBI branch, Amravati, and cheque of 17,64,527 from Corporation Bank , Wardha branch. Due to immediate steps from NMC, Bank of Maharashtra, NMC branch, had blocked all three accounts. The amount of 17,64,527 was credited into NMC account a couple of days ago. Now, the bank has credited 3,74,623. The remaining amount of 5,42,840 will be credited very soon,\" he said.The official further said the money could be saved because of alertness of NMC staff. \"Police are investigating the case. NMC has learnt that address of all three accounts was given as Amravati,\" he said. Senior police inspector from Sadar police station Rajratna Bansod said teams had left for Amravati, Wardha and Gondia on Tuesday. \"Clues related to the accused may come from banks where cheques were deposited,\" he added.The police teams would collect the cheques from the banks. The cheques were cleared by Bank of Maharashtra online and were not sent to the bank. They were printed by tricksters. The culprit had even managed to prepare the stamps of chief accounts and finance officer and municipal secretary of NMC and used them on the cheques. The trickster also forged signatures of these two officers, said sources.Meanwhile, NMC officials also stopped issuing payments to contractors. The payments are made through cheques. After unearthing bogus cheques, NMC had returned 500-600 blank cheques to Bank of Maharashtra for verification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11536422", "title": "42 poll code violation cases in PCMC areas", "text": "PUNE: The election department of Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation(PCMC) has lodged 42 cases of violation of election code of conduct at the various police stations in the municipal limits.Ashok Munde, chief of election code of conduct cell and assistant commissioner, PCMC, said that 32 cases were filed against aspirants for vehicle rallies without permission while going to the interviews conducted by political parties. More than three vehicles in a rally is a violation of the code. These include 27 cases at the Chinchwad police station, two cases at the Bhosari police station and three cases at the Sangvi police station.\"Another 10 cases have been lodged for offences for defacement of private properties, he said. Permission from the civic body and the property owner is needed for writing any information on a private property, he added.Munde said. \"Municipal commissioner Ashish Sharma has given directives to 12 returning officers to form quick response teams for action against poll code violations. Each team will be headed by an executive engineer. The number of employees will depend on the requirement of each RO.\"A total of 234 objections regarding the primary ward-wise voter list for the PCMC elections have been received till January 15. The last date of submitting the suggestions and objections was Tuesday. Most objections are about inclusion of names in lists of wards in which they are not residing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11535220", "title": "Oracle bets big on Indian market", "text": "HYDERABAD: Oracle India is bullish about its growth prospects here and expect to come across big opportunities in government projects, a senior company official said.Sunil Jose, Vice President, Applications, Oracle India said the US-based IT giant has emerged as a key partner for various e-governance initiatives in India with more than 20 states already using Oracle to offer citizen services.\"Many mission critical projects run on oracle. We work with almost every State in the country and committed to supporting them with the next wave of computing with Oracle iGovernment\", Jose said at a press conference.\"As our governments aggressively looks at modernising the IT infrastructures and speeding up delivery of services to citizens and businesses, there will continue to be high demand for innovative and intelligent solutions,\" he added.Referring to a survey, Jose said India was ranked as among top 4 markets for Oracle in Asia-Pacific region and projected to grow at 12.9 per cent through 2013.Replying to a query, Ashish Gupta, Director, said the company spent $19 billion from 2004 to 2011 on research and development alone globally.Out of 26,000 workforce the company has in India, a large number is working on research and development, Gupta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11532058", "title": "DU law faculty to host global competition", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Campus Law Centre (CLC), Faculty of Law, Delhi University , is going to host the eighth K K Luthra Memorial Moot Court Competition, 2012, from January 20. More than 57 teams representing law schools from all over India as well as abroad are going to take part in the three-day event.Institutions from India include National Law School of India University, Bangalore, Nalsar University of Law, Hyderabad, Government Law College, Mumbai, and Indian Law Society, Pune. The competition will also have teams participating from outside India, including those from Northumbria University Law School, Fitzwilliam College, UK, the George Washington University Law School, US, and Pakistan College of Law.CLC has been organizing the competition since 2005 in the memory of criminal lawyer K K Luthra. This year's moot problem focuses on, among other things, the law in respect of 'corporate manslaughter'. The final round will be held on January 22, the jury for which includes Justice Sanjiv Khanna, Justice Hima Kohli and Justice Manmohan Singh of the Delhi high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11535549", "title": "Two BMC staffers held for graft", "text": "BHOPAL: Two staffers of a Kanji House, animal shelter shed of Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC), were caught red-handed while taking a bribe of Rs 3,000 from one person to free his cattle.The Special Police Establishment (SPE) of Lokayukta nabbed Govindpura Kanji House clerk Rashid and his subordinate Gulam while allegedly accepting bribe from one Madanlal to free his three cows, SPE Superintendent Sidharth Chaudhary said.He said Madanlal has lodged a complaint with them following which the SPE laid a trap and caught the duo. The duo has been booked under the relevant sections of prevention of corruption Act, he added.Earlier, the duo had demanded bribe to release the cattle which were rounded up by the BMC staff and brought to Kanji house. Fed up with this, he lodged the complaint with the Lokayukta police.At the Kanji house, SPE team found entry of 33 cattle at Kanji house, instead of 41 kept in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "11532506", "title": "Riyaz Khan is new Sanquelim civic chief", "text": "BICHOLIM: Riyaz Khan has been unanimously elected as the chairperson of Sanquelim Muncipal Council (SMC). The elections were held on Tuesday at the SMC hall in Sanquelim.The post of the chairperson had fallen vacant after former chairperson Anand Naik had recently tendered his resignation. Councillors Yeshwant Madkar, Pooja Dangi, Laxmanrao Desai, Deelip Desai, Anand Naik, Aarti Naik, Sunita Verekar and Brahmanand Desai were present at the meeting. Ajit Panchwadkar was the presiding officer for the elections. SMC's chief officer Shashank Thakur was also present.Speaking after getting elected, Riyaz Khan said he will continue the development work by taking all councillors into confidence and will undertake new schemes to make Sanquelim \"clean and beautiful\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11536706", "title": "Leonardo DiCaprio not motivated by awards", "text": "Leonardo DiCaprio is not motivated by winning awards.The 'J. Edgar' star - who has been nominated for three Oscars in his career -prefers to think about the people he will work with instead of the possibility of being critically acclaimed for his parts.He said: \"I don't think I ever expected anything like an Oscar ever, to tell you the truth. That is not my motivation when I do these roles. I really am motivated by being able to work with great people and create a body of work that I can look back and be proud of.\"The 37-year-old actor is always grateful when people are talking about movies he is in, but has come to learn not all of his films will be a success in the eyes of audiences.He told the Scotsman newspaper: \"I have learned from my experiences in this industry that there is absolutely no way to control people's opinions on your performance in your movie.\"You go out there, promote your film and hope people like the work you did. But they're going to respond the way they're going to respond when they're in a room with that ballot. I'm thankful people are talking about it in that capacity, but ultimately I truly have no control over it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11535637", "title": "Voting without photo ID cards may not be possible this time", "text": "VARANASI: Unlike past general elections, casting a vote without election photo identity card (EPIC) may not be possible in this assembly election. While addressing a training session on Tuesday, organised for the presiding poll officers, district election officer Ravindra said that, so far, the election commission has not issued any alternative of the EPIC.In the past, the EC has allowed options like bank pass book or ration card for the voters without an EPIC, so as to enable them to exercise their franchise. But, in this assembly election, the EPIC coverage has crossed the mark of 95 per cent, and the process of distribution of EPIC among remaining voters is still on. Consequently, no guideline for an alternative to the EPIC has been received from the EC, so far.Ravindra said that in form 17C, the presiding officers would have to mention the document shown by a voter as his identity proof, like the EPIC, to cast his vote. He said that maintaining this record is a must as the observers would check these forms later. He asked the presiding officers, even those who had the experience of handling election-related works in the past, to not become overconfident. He said that the EC is making changes in its guidelines on regular intervals due to which reading the handbooks given to polling officers and staff is a must to avoid problems.Ravindra instructed the officials not to take any help from local residents or any political parties for comfortable stay or food to maintain impartiality. In the case of overlooking of this directive, strict action would be taken, warned Ravindra.The participants were trained to operate electronic voting machines and other formalities of polling process through slide shows and during practical sessions. Assistant district election officer, R Y Mishra, also attended the programme, among others.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11531681", "title": "Woman who tried to end life booked", "text": "MUMBAI: The Versova police on Tuesday booked the woman, who tried to end her life by jumping off her parent's home in Versova last week, on charges of attempt to suicide.The woman tried to kill herself after her boyfriend, bank executive Vishal Gambhir, committed suicide. The police booked her after recording her statement on Monday, but they will decide on further course of action after she is discharged from hospital where she is undergoing treatment.The police's decision to book the woman has stirred up a debate in the legal and medical circles; while some legal experts do not find anything wrong in the cops' action, mental health experts question the timing and the \"insensitivity\" of the move. The legal view on booking suicide victims in a criminal case has been much debated upon. The law commission and Supreme Court have recommended decriminalization of suicide attempts, but the government is yet to draft a law.\"The police would do much better to arrest criminals rather than those who harm themselves. Suicide victims should also be given time to recover and not hounded when they are in need of sympathy,\" said psychiatrist Harish Shetty. \"We should look at these cases more from a humanitarian standpoint and less from the legal point of view.\"But legal eagles say the police do not have an option but to comply with the law and a suicide is a criminal offence against which a case has to be filed. \"Once an offence is committed, the police have to lodge a case,\" said criminal lawyer Arfan Sait. \"If the police delay registering an FIR, they will have to justify it. They can wait till a victim recovers to record the statement.\"He added if cops should have filed the case when the victim was battling for life could be questioned, but not much else.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11531045", "title": "Farm &amp; forest can develop together, say scientists", "text": "NAGPUR: Agriculture and forest can exist in harmony with each other and sustainable development too can take place provided things are planned in that manner.Unfortunately, lack of coherent and sustainable planning, a result of absence of a 'land use policy' in the country, is not allowing that to happen. As along as human beings do not break the balance and interfere with ecology, agriculture and forest need not be in conflict with each other.This was the opinion of almost every speaker at the inaugural programme of a two-day brainstorming session on 'Agriculture and Forest: Conflicting Domains or Symbiotic Paradigm' organized by the National Bureau of Soil Survey and Land Use Planning (NBSS&LUP;) on Tuesday.S M Virmani, former chief scientist of International Crop Research Institute of Semi-Arid Tropics, Hyderabad, said that forest was capable of giving every thing human beings could ask for including shelter, food, and medicines but it was our greed that was leading to a situation of conflict. Giving examples of gradual disappearance of sparrow from urban ecology and tigers from forests, he said these were manmade disasters. The man-animal conflict was an example of man encroaching upon tiger's territory rather than tiger encroaching on human land. He warned that unless we traced the causes of this conflict. the required damage control was not possible.A K Joshi, principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF), Maharashtra, spoke about the nature and conflict between people, animal, forest and agriculture activities and also mentioned the importance of symbiosis of these activities.He also spoke about the livelihood opportunities through ecotourism in the tribal belts.Ram Prasad, ex-PCCF Madhya Pradesh, explained the role of water management through forest for agriculture purpose and importance of forest planning for watershed management to provide maximum benefits to farmers in the lower reaches. Forest and agriculture both were land based, occupying a continuum on the landscape and their co-existence was necessary for sustainable livelihood in the tribal areas, he said.He also mentioned that agriculture was the main beneficiary of forest ecosystem, conservation of forest could provide satisfaction provided policies were formulated to address specific issues, he added.Dipak Sarkar, NBBS&LUP; director, stressed on the role of forests in carbon storage as trees were the biggest source of carbon sequestration. He pointed out that cutting of forests led to huge soil erosion which had a devastating effect on both forest ecosystem as well as human life.Ashok Sharma, chief general manager of Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra, traced the root cause of various problems to improper policies. He categorically stated that disregarding scientific principles of management could eventually lead to vegetation anarchy both in forestry and agriculture. He called for a comprehensive landscape management policy.Arun Chaturvedi, principal scientist and head of land use planning at NBBS&LUP;, spoke on symbiosis of agriculture and forests. He observed that climate change would affect rainfed agriculture and increase pressure on the forests.He stressed on the need for creating awareness among farmers about value of non-timber forest produce.He said in erstwhile forested areas, it was not possible to sustain a family of even 4-5 persons on one or two hectare of land. The income from agriculture needed to be supplemented with additional income from forest produce or other ancillary activities like poultry, pisciculture small ruminant animals etc.Expert View* Since forests are biggest source of carbon-dioxide sequestration, conscious efforts should be done to increase forest cover without displacing forest dwellers* Efforts must be made to minimize global warming caused through agriculture* Agriculture growth should shift from horizontal to vertical* Identify faults in existing forest and agriculture development processes and make efforts to rectify them* Evolve better and scientific policies of land use for sustainable forest and agriculture development* Develop a land use policy for country* Increase per hectare productivity of agriculture and diversify agriculture", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11533236", "title": "Rajnath won\u2019t return to UP politics: Gadkari", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to put to rest reports of infighting within the party, BJP's national president Nitin Gadkari on Tuesday said that the BJP was contesting assembly elections in UP under the joint leadership of Rajnath Singh, Kalraj Mishra, Uma Bharti and SP Shahi. He also said that Singh had made it clear that he would not like to come back to state politics.Gadkari was in the city to release the vision document of the party for the upcoming assembly elections. The document was released on Monday evening and on Tuesday, the BJP chief reviewed the status of preparedness of the party for the polls. Later, while talking to reporters, he sought to settle the reports over the infighting among top state leaders for the chief minister's post if BJP was voted to power.Names of former chief minister Rajnath Singh and national vice-president Kalraj Mishra are doing rounds as BJP's chief ministerial candidates.Singh has also been national president of the party and Mishra was incharge of UP affairs. However, for elections, Singh came back and took out a swabhiman yatra to galvenise support for the party. Mishra also took a yatra simultanesouly.However, Gadkari said that BJP was contesting elections under the joint leadership and the leader for the post of chief minister will be elected by the MLAs. He said that Singh did not want to come back to the state politics. When asked about Priyanka Gandhi's campaign in elections, Gadkari said that Congress's fate would be same in UP as it was in Bihar. \"No Gandhi magic will work this time,\" he said.The BJP national president also accused the Congress and Samajwadi Party of playing the game of reservation on the basis of religion for vote bank.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11534981", "title": "Rio to head NPF's Manipur campaign", "text": "IMPHAL: Even as large number of political parties in the state, including the ruling Congress, continue to oppose the Nagaland People's Front (NPF) for its 'greater Nagalim' agenda, Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio will campaign for the party in the hill districts of Manipur to woo voters ahead of the assembly polls.Supported by the United Naga Council (UNC), which is seeking an alternative administrative arrangement for the Nagas in Manipur, the NPF has fielded candidates in 12 constituencies. On Thursday and Friday, Rio will visit Tamenglong and Chandel districts. He will go to Ukhrul on Saturday, said an NPF source. He added that an extensive publicity was on to ensure that people attend Rio-headed poll campaigns.For Chandel and Ukhrul campaigns, Rio would fly in a chopper, the sources said adding that preparations for all meetings have been arranged. Of the twelve seats, NPF will fight three each in Tamenglong, Senapati and Ukhrul, two in Chandel and one in Churachanpur.Interestingly, Manipur unit NPF president G Gaingam, Pradesh Congress Committee president Gaikhangam and Adim Pamei of the Manipur State Congress Party (MSCP) will fight in the Nunga constituency of Tamenglong. \"We have prepared everything for Rio's Manipur visit. Campaigning for our party is on in all 12 constituencies,\" said Gaingam.\"Though it's quite early to spell out how many seats we are likely to win this time, we are hopeful of doing well,\" he added. Because of similarities in ideologies and principles, the UNC decided to support the NPF in the polls.All political parties in the state, including the ruling Congress, strongly opposed the NPF because of the formation of greater Nagaland incorporated in the party's constitution right from opening its Manipur unit in Senapati district headquarters in May last year.In November last year, the UNC ended its economic blockade on the Imphal-Silchar and Imphal-Dimapur routes imposed to denounce the state government's alleged bid to bifurcate Naga areas.Elections 2012 NewsManipur Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "11534743", "title": "Himachal: Landslides haunt Damchina villagers", "text": "MANALI: Around 25 families of Damchina village in Kullu district are living under constant fear of recurring landslides, which are active since past three months.Landslides have swept away the fertile land of the village, including some gharath (water mills). A few families living close to the landslide have taken shelter in the houses of their kin nearby. Heavy snowfall in the last two weeks has increased frequency of landslides. Kullu administration has prepared a report after taking stock of the damage and sought help from the state geological department to find ways to solve the problem.Kullu SDM Vinay Dhiman said at present there is no danger to the village but four houses near the brook may have to face nature's fury in the coming days. \"Current snowfall has triggered landslides and debris are accumulating in the water stream, which could get pushed towards the houses any time. We have asked state geologist to visit the village and suggest a permanent way to control the slides,\" he said.Damchina village is at a distance of 10km from the national highway and accessible only after a 30-minute walk. Slides on mountain near the village have put lives of residents and cattle at risk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "11531323", "title": "Farmers protest neglect, dump onions in river", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Angry farmers dumped huge stocks of onion into the Krishna near Prakasam barrage on Tuesday. They were protesting the government's failure to announce a special relief package and bail them out.The onion farmers of Tadepalli and Mangalagiri mandals in Guntur district lost their entire crop in the recent rains. According to officials, onion in about 1,500 hectares in two mandals was washed away causing heavy loss to farmers.The farmers pressured the district leaders to prevail upon chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy to announce a special relief package for them. With no response from the government, the farmers staged a dharna on the Prakasam barrage along with their damaged stocks.Onion farmers' association leader Jonna Sivashankar said that the government has no intention of encouraging crops like onion. He said the government presses the panic button only when there is shortage of onion. Another leader, Eturkur Gangadhar, demanded setting up of an onion procurement centre at Mangalagiri. He demanded that onion be procured from farmers at Rs 15 per kg. Farmers shouted slogans against the government before dumping the stocks into the river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11532380", "title": "Plastic to fuel the environment", "text": "PANAJI: A successful chemical recycling experiment to convert polyolefin waste, comprising plastic bags and packaging into LPG, gasoline and diesel spells hope for Goa in treating a bulk of its non-biodegradable garbage into a useful resource.A pilot plant in council of scientific and industrial research-Indian institute of petroleum (CSIR-IIP) Dehra Dun can produce 300g per hour of fuel. \"If pulverized waste polymers (plastic) are fed into the plant, gas and liquid fuel comes out,\" K N Ponnani, a faculty member in chemical engineering department of Bits Pilani K K Birla Goa campus said.The interest has been kicked off after Madhukar O Garg, director, CSIR-IIP, Dehra Dun, spoke about the project at an interactive session recently at the Bits Pilani campus in Sancoale.\"We are talking to local industries to set up a demonstration plant and test out the idea in Goa,\" Ponnani said. Plans are afoot to set up a demonstration plant for a few months before the technology can be released in the public domain. \"This will help in assessing the problems so that they can be ironed out,\" Ponnani said.A two-stage pyrolosis process, which is a thermo-chemical decomposition of organic material at higher a temperature can convert almost all the plastic part of the waste into useful fuels. \"Hardly any residue is left for disposal. But the polyethylene (in softer form like bags) and polypropylene (in rigid forms like buckets) have to be pre-treated and cleaned to remove all dirt,\" Ponnani said.\"Three kinds of catalysts have been developed at Dehra Dun to operate this technology in high LPG, high gasoline or high diesel production modes,\" Garg said in his lecture. The liquid and gas products, which are almost as good as refinery products from petroleum refining, can be as high as 50% each in this processIt is estimated that around 12.5 million tonnes of plastics per annum are consumed in India. \"Out of these, about 65% consist of polyethylene and polypropylene wastes while about 35% of these two are used in packaging and bags,\" Garg said.But other plastics, such as polyvinyl chloride (PVC) and polyester wastes can be converted back to its starting materials through different technologies. \"Polyester wastes, especially mineral water bottles can be hydrolyzed while PVC wastes can be mechanically recycled,\" Ponnani said.Garg said states like Goa could benefit as CSIR-IIP and gas authority of India limited (GAIL) is keen to help set up a demonstration unit within Goa with a suitable agency. Agrees Patricia Pinto, state co-ordinator Goa Chaka Chak, \"Any type of recycling will be good, provided they have all the requisite clearances and there is no adverse impact on the environment,\" she said.The Goa government had demonstrated a similar type of technology about two years ago. \"But there were no takers,\" Michael D'Souza, director, science, technology and environment department said. The state dispatches non-recyclable plastic and other wastes to ACC's factory in Karnataka for disposal after a recent agreement with the cement company. \"These are wastes collected in the city by the corporation of the city of Panaji (CCP) and it is proving costly due to transportation overheads,\" a government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11536346", "title": "\u2018Kunjedathi\u2019 screened @ Kritya 2012", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: 'Kunjedathi', a 30-minute short film based on celebrated Malayalam poet O N V Kurup's poem was screened at the second day of 'Kritya 2012', an international poetry festival held here on Tuesday.The film directed by Pradeep Nooranad portrays the story of 'Kunjedathi' and little 'Unnikkuttan'. Like the poem, the short film also depicts the other side of the Communist movement. Poet Kurup was also present at the first public screening of the documentary.The six-day festival dedicated to Rabindranath Tagore features poetry and its correlations, reflections and influences on painting and motion pictures. As many as 25 international poets and more than 50 Indian poets, including Malayalam poets, are participating in the festival.\"The festival is aimed at facilitating a healthy interaction between diverse cultures and traditions, and is expected to realize the noble concept of 'Vasudhaiva Kudumbakam' by forging strong bonds between representative figures from different parts of the world,\" says the festival director Rati Saxena. The festival is organized by Kritya, an international journal publishing contemporary Indian and world poetry.This is the second time the city is hosting the festival. \"Every year, the festival is held in a different region of the country. Combining poetry with other forms of art such as painting, music, poetry, films, theatre, folk and other performing arts, the festival allows international artistes to meet and appreciate local artistes from different Indian cultures and languages,\" she said.Along with poetry readings by world poets, the festival incorporates poetry in painting. Artist B D Dethan of Kerala would paint live on Rabindranatha Tagore's poetry and additional chief secretary K Jayakumar is exhibiting his paintings of Tagore's 'Gitanjali' at the festival,\" Rati Saxena said. During the upcoming sessions, filmmakers from Norway would screen their poetry films along with Indian filmmakers Gitanjali Rao and Noornad Prasadan.As part of the photo poetry, Odveige Klyve from Norway would exhibit her photo-poetry. Kritya 2012 would also present poetry performance in the form of Koodiyattom, an ancient theatre form of Kerala.The film directed by Pradeep Nooranad portrays the story of 'Kunjedathi' and little 'Unnikkuttan'. Like the poem, the short film also depicts the other side of the Communist movement. Poet Kurup was also present at the first public screening of the documentary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11532623", "title": "Newborn's bond with mom key to love life later", "text": "LONDON: New moms, please note - your relationship with your baby in the first one-and-a-half years can actually help shape your toddler's behaviour later in their love life, says a new study.Researchers at the University of Minnesota have found those children who secure bond with their mothers during the first 18 months of life are likely to have more successful relationships later on in life.While a mistreated infant becomes a defensive arguer later in life, the baby whose mother was attentive and also supportive can work through problems with their partner, according to the researchers .This is because one's ability to trust, love and work through arguments is defined early on in childhood, they said. \"It is the first real attachment that people have with another person and because of that it serves as a template for what will happen later in their life span. When children are young and their brains are developing they learn a great deal rapidly so they're more likely to take in lot of information.\"If you have a secure bond with your mother you are more likely to have a emotionally well regulated and satisfied relationship later on,\" Jeffry Simpson, who led the study, was quoted by the Daily Mail as saying.He added, \"Your interpersonal experiences with your mother during the first 12 to 18 months of life predict your behaviour in romantic relationships 20 years later What happens to you as a baby affects the adult you become.\"The researchers have based their findings on an analysis of 75 children of low-income mothers whom they assessed from birth into their early 30s, including their close friends and romantic partners. They focused on their skills and resilience in working through conflicts with school peers, teenage best friends and love partners. \"We find a weak but important thread between the infant in the mother's arms and the 20-year-old in his lover's,\" said Simpson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531509", "title": "India, China agree on border peace mechanism", "text": "New Delhi: Leaving behind the acrimony of late last year, when the two countries called off boundary talks because of Beijing's opposition to a Buddhist congregation attended by the Dalai Lama here, India and China on Tuesday agreed to a joint working mechanism meant to prevent any flare-up and ensure peace at the border.The Working Mechanism on Consultation and Coordination on India-China Border Affairs signed in the presence of the two Special Representatives (SR), India's NSA Shivshankar Menon and Chinese State Councillor Dai Bingguo, aims at timely communication of information on border incidents from both sides for appropriate handling and also for ``earnestly undertaking other cooperation activities in the India-China border areas\".The mechanism, which will be headed by a joint secretary-level official from the MEA and a director general-level official from China's foreign ministry, will comprise diplomatic and military officials from both sides. It will not, however, discuss resolution of the boundary question or affect the Special Representatives mechanism that will continue to exclusively look at finding a solution to the boundary dispute.A brainchild of Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao, the working mechanism will address issues and situations ``that may arise in the border areas that affect the maintenance of peace and tranquility and will work actively towards maintaining the friendly atmosphere between the two countries\".The agreement was signed by India's Ambassador to China S Jaishankar and China's assistant foreign minister Liu Zhenmin at the conclusion of the 15th round of SR talks. ``The Working Mechanism will hold consultations once or twice every year alternately in India and China. Emergency consultations, if required, may be convened after mutual agreement,\" said the text of the agreement.The working mechanism will study the ways and means to conduct and strengthen exchanges and cooperation between military personnel and establishments of the two sides in the border areas. It will also explore the possibility of cooperation in the border areas that are agreed upon by the two sides.According to the agreement, the two sides firmly believe that respecting and abiding by the Line of Actual Control pending a resolution of the boundary question between the two countries as well as maintaining and strengthening peace and tranquility in the India-China border areas is significant for enhancing mutual trust and security between the two countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "muktsar", "code": "11532789", "title": "Ploughing for a political harvest", "text": "MUKTSAR: Tractors are synonymous with Punjab, the land of Green Revolution. They are listed in politicians' affidavits as their modest \"assets\" and even as poll symbols. Now, toy versions of tractors bearing names of politicians - Parkash Tafe, Sukhbir Massey Ferguson, Manpreet Eicher, Johndeere Gurdas, Captain Swaraj- are fast becoming prized collectibles among kids in rural Punjab. This poll season, manufacturers of the miniature models of tractors, commonly seen in places like Muktsar, Abohar, Barnala and Sangrur, have found a novel way - using politician as a brand name - to woo customers.With a simple sticker or colourful markers announcing the names of politicians, these prototypes have been gained an ornamental value .\"This month completely belongs to elections. We learnt in newspapers that many leaders announced that tractors are their only vehicles. And, that's how the idea came to us. For us, the chill of winter has given a new hope,\" says Avtar Singh, a toy shop owner and manufacturer of handcrafted wooden toys near Muktsar.Made of mostly metal and wood scrap with rubber or plastic tyres, these tractors are very detailed and even include the shift levers and a simulated three-point hitch similar to the original ones owned by leaders.Some of them come in colourful boxes showing the real tractor with descriptions in both English and Punjabi. Crafting these wooden toys is an industrious job and with lack of government support, the craftsmen have sold their diminutive wooden wares for a measly Rs 70 to Rs 500.\"If the government can't help our small cottage industry, we will bank upon their names and use it to promote our small industry. What's wrong in that?\" asks Kuldeep Bains, a toy maker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11535689", "title": "Technex 2012 ends at IT-BHU", "text": "VARANASI: The four-day annual techno-management festival 'Technex 2012' concluded on Tuesday with a spectacular laser show and final rounds of 'robo wars' at the Institute of Technology, Banaras Hindu University (IT-BHU).While the breathtaking laser show featuring acrobatic performances by laser experts from Bangalore left the audience spellbound, the close finish of robo wars, in which IT-BHU robots upstaged the robots of Punjab University, also attracted the attention on the last day of the programme.Earlier, the final rounds of Goldberg's Alley (passing through difficult terrain), Dash n Trounce (clearing blockages) and Aqua Combat (underwater robotics) also witnessed interesting tussles on the concluding day. The winners of Balvigyan (quiz show), Modex (model exhibition) and other events were also given prizes in the day.Innovation guru David Wuttenburg delivered a motivational lecture on creativity. Professor R K Mandal, president, IT-Gymkhana, and other senior teachers were also present during the valedictory function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11532206", "title": "Bangalore's music haven", "text": "BANGALORE: L'amour est un oiseau rebelle...Love is a rebellious bird... Composer Georges Bizet brought musical passion alive through this habanera over two centuries ago. Today, Aruna Sunderlal, founder of The Bangalore School of Music (BSM) wakes up to this aria from the opera Carmen. \"It's a melody in the form of a tango and its lilting texture makes me want to dance to its attractive melody,\" laughs Aruna, as she thanks God for bringing music into her life.Twenty-five years after Aruna brought the bass and the treble cleft to symphony, connoisseurs of music in Bangalore thank her for the orchestra, called BSM.She reminisces about the first time she set foot in Bangalore in 1974, when her husband was transferred here from Mumbai. \"My husband and I were entrenched in the cultural activity of Mumbai and thought we'd have a long tenure in Bangalore. But that was not to be,\" says Aruna, adding, \"My husband was posted back to Kolkota and by then, we had grown fond of this beautiful garden city, which with its tiled roofs and old bungalows reminded us so much of our home town Allahabad.\"So, Aruna and her husband scouted around for an old bungalow and bought one in Frazer Town before they headed back to Kolkota. \"I returned to Bangalore in 1986 with my daughter Shefali, after my husband passed away suddenly,\" reminisces Aruna, adding, \"By then, I was pretty entrenched in Bangalore's western music scene, for during my visits over the years, I had attended excellent concerts and choirs here.\"Bangalore's music-friendly ambience imbued a burning desire in Aruna to set up a school for aspiring musicians. \"So I bounced off the idea with scientist and pianist Dr Rajaramanna, who brought 24 music teachers to support me with my venture,\" says Aruna.Replete with teachers, a treasury of western classical instruments, a cottage-home, where Aruna lived with her mother and children, BSM set the rhythm.But where were they going to find the students? \"With some difficulty, we persuaded my daughter Shefali, my nephew Vivek and niece Shama to be our first students, and they kindly relented,\" laughs Aruna. Soon, the threesome had over a hundred aspiring musicians for company. \"News of BSM had spread word of mouth,\" says Aruna.So the music school grew and grew in Aruna's old bungalow until it was bursting. \"I had to use my garage and living room, and for 22 years, we carried on valiantly, until in 2005, we set up the new branch of BSM in RT Nagar,\" says Aruna.At its crescendo, BSM continues to function as a non-profit charitable trust. \"In fact, we'd never have been able to set up the school without the help of patrons. Even today, we battle to raise money to run it,\" explains Aruna.But, in syncopation, rise symphonies of passion, holding up Bangalore's own orchestra, BSM.Box:Bangalore's music fraternity on BSMOscar Menezes, president of the Cecilian Choir: \"BSM has brought many musicians from India and abroad to Bangalore\"Gita Chaco, piano teacher: \"Aruna is very dynamic; she started small and has grown so big.\"Jagadeesh MR, band member MoonArra: \"Maintaining a school for western classical music in the country is not organic to India and BSM is a great effort.\"Juanita Jayant, music teacher: \"Aruna revived the orchestra and Narayanswamy the resident director has been instrumental in having three Indians from BSM get jobs at the Symphony Orchestra of India.\"Rebecca Thomas, music therapist: \"Music increases intelligence, helps people learn group skills, enables people to get along, and with its universality, helps people connect to each other without needing to know them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535266", "title": "Rain gives a reason to catch up", "text": "A laid back weather on Tuesday after continuous rains on Monday kept customers away from market. This provided an opportunity to five friends to catch up on all the times they had lost due to their busy schedules.Grabbing the chance with both hands, they decided to chill out chatting over cups of tea in one of the friend's house in Model Town Extension.Rajesh Kapoor, Jagpreet Singh, Sunny Chawla, Rakesh Dua and Rajeev Kapoor are all businessmen who hardly get to spare time for each other. The rain gave them a golden chance to organize this tea party. \"People were hardly visiting the market over the last two days due to continuous rain. So, we decided to sit together at Jagpreet's house to relax and talk over tea and snacks,'' said Rajesh Kapoor, a resident of Harnam Nagar, who is into furniture business.Jagpreet, who hosted his friends, said, \"We had not met each other properly for quite a few months, and since there was no work during these days, I decided to go ahead with this party. We had a good time together after many days.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11534498", "title": "Assembly elections: This polls, love is in the air", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Love seems to be in the air this polls. With alluring promises like \" Love Allowance\" of Rs 10,000 to couples who break the shackles of caste or religion and tie the marital knot and special enclaves where lovers can exhibit their emotions freely, the Love Party has decided to field atleast 100 candidates in the assembly elections. For this, it has also decided to seek the symbol \"Heart\" from the Election Commission .Founded by 'Love Guru' Professor Matuk Nath Chaudhary who hit the headlines for openly professing love for his student whom he eventually married and drew the ire of social groups and public alike, the party has now jumped into the poll fray hoping to cash in on the \"support of lovers facing the wrath of moral police\" whose plight the party wants to highlight in a big way.\"If we come to power, we would construct parks in every village and locality where couples can enjoy a few moments of peace and solitude,\" said state president of the party Pushpraj Singh. \"This facility would also be available for mothers, daughters, sisters, brothers and close relatives who can spend some moments of bonding. For us, love is a universal phenomenon which is present in every human being and should not be confined to a small quarter of society,\" he said adding, \"we can even have truck with like-minded parties.\"However, when asked to comment on the fact that such steps would definitely draw a backlash from hardline Hindu organizations, state convenor Vandana Chaturvedi said: \"We would try to convince them about our earnest concerns to bridge the wedge in the society, a direct result of ills like caste and religious prejudices which are a hindrance in the development of our country.\"She added that the party would also make efforts to convince the parents and family members of both boys and girls to understand the emotions and sentiments of their children and allow them to enter into a relationship and accept them as couples irrespective of caste and religion.Asked for comments on the party founder's unofficial title of \"Saint Valentine of Hindi Heartland\", another office-bearer of the party, Payal Chaturvedi, said: \"Aware of the hardships faced by couples who marry against the wishes of their families, our party has mooted the proposal of providing a one-time allowance of Rs 10,000 to such person/persons as it would help them sustain for atleast two months under adverse circumstances and thereafter arrange for a means of livelihood.\"Contacted, convenor of Vishwa Hindu Parishad and Bajrang Dal (Prayag) Pawan Srivastava said: \"The party is trying to sell western customs and ideas to the Indian society which in turn would promote obscenity and vulgarity. This would not be tolerated by the society and us alike and we would go all out to oppose them.The Love Party has fielded 8 candidates in Allahabad among whom include Pushpa Yadav from Phulpur who is also the wife of state president, Pushp Raj Singh.Besides this other candidates include Naushad Ahmad, City South, Pratibha Srivastava, City North, Mahi Amaan, city West, Pankaj Mishra, Phaphamau, Vinay Bhaskar-Pratappur, Vijay Dubey, Handia and Mool Chandra Bharti Soraon.The founder of the Love Party, Prof Chaudhary, was a professor in Hindi at B N College, Patna, and made headlines some five years back when he entered into a live-in relationship with his student Julie, leading to severe criticism from people of all sections of the society. Chaudhary at that time was in his 50's and his partner Julie was nearly half his age. The professor's family also opposed the relationship which led to beating of Julie by Chaudhary's wife in front of the media.Chaudhary was suspended by the university after which he moved the court and was re-instated. The party was founded by him in 2007,said the state president, Pushpa Raj Singh.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11532695", "title": "IIT-B\u2019s e-stock market game goes national", "text": "The E-Cell of IIT-Bombay is taking its virtual stock market game to every nook and cranny of the country.Students from across the country can play by registering on the cell's website.Students can play it for three days for one hour and prizes up to Rs 1 lakh could be won. The game offers real time simulation of the market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11536002", "title": "Mhow squadron emerges top medal winner", "text": "INDORE: The R&V; Squadron NCC of Mhow notched the top slot and led the Remount and Veterinary Squadrons of the country with five gold and five silver medals, at the Republic Day Celebrations Equestrian Events 2012 held at New Delhi.Continuing with its track record in riding sports , the riding unit of Mhow won a total of 15 trophies including three best-rider trophies, five gold, five silver, one bronze and two highly commended medals in various equestrian competitions.A contingent of one officer, one JCO, two instructors, three boys (senior division), two girls (senior wing) cadets and five horses of this unit participated in these events, who were trained at newly constructed training grounds for over two months, under the guidance of Risaldar S S Singh, Dafedar Omveer Singh and former cadet Yashowardhan Dwivedi. These riders and cadets were trained in dressage, jumping and tent pegging disciplines of equestrian.This is for the first time in the history of RDC equestrian events that the dressage discipline was introduced. Mhow cadets snatched two gold medals in its four categories.NCC Squadrons of Hissar (Haryana) and Mathura (UP) were adjudged second and third in these events.Senior under officer Sunali Raina of this unit was adjudged Best Rider (Girls), Where as Md Shah Rukh was honoured with the Best Rider (Boys) trophy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11536623", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan misses father", "text": "On the ninth death anniversary of legandary poet Dr.Harivansh Rai Bachchan, his son, Amitabh Bachahan Share share his thoughts on Twitter .The actor who owes all his succes to his father tweets, \"Harivansh Rai Bachchan, my Father ... his death anniversary today 18th Jan\".Emotional Amitabh Bachchan further tweets, \"I stand silently at the entrance to his room in Prateeksha and look at the space he breathed his last .. !!\". Megastar remembers the time he had spent with his father, \"I spent more than 60 years of my life with him, a friend consoles me as I lament his loss, many do not get so much time with loved ones.\"Harivansh Rai Bachchan was a noted Hindi poet of early 20th and is best known for his early work Madhushala. But in 2003, he died of respiratory problems at the ripe age of 96.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11533069", "title": "Bull tamers pitch in to regulate event", "text": "MADURAI: Twenty-four-year old K Rajapandi, a diploma holder from Chekkanoorani village had his first experience of the adrenaline rush in the jalikattu arena five years back when he had just completed schooling.Proudly displaying the scar left by a sharp horn on his thigh, Rajapandi says that he has participated in about 25 jallikattu events in Madurai and Sivaganga districts since then. In almost all the events he managed to grab at least one prize right from a modest dhoti to a gold coin. \"But this year, I have not bagged any prizes. I don't regret it because I am satisfied that my priority was to adhere to the rules and regulations,\" Rajapandi has no qualms in admitting.This time around it is not just the organisers and officials who took care that the stringent guidelines laid down by the Supreme Court and the state government were adhered to, but the participants too, who are usually charged with abusing the bulls in the arena. \"Among the participants, one senior jallikattu participant from each village was assigned the job of ensuring that their friends do not violate any norms. We never hesitated to warn our friends if they attempted to violate rules. The common mistake was that more than one person attempted to cling to the hump of bulls,\" says Maruthamuthu from Melur.It is not just the officials and organisers who heaved a sigh of relief as the jallikattu events in Madurai concluded without any loss of life, but also the participants. \"In fact, we are the most happiest as this means that the threat to jallikattu is less,\" says Maruthamuthu.At the jallikattu held in Alanganallur on Tuesday, 36 persons sustained injuries, most of them minor. Four participants who suffered severe injuries were hospitalised. At Avaniapuram on Sunday, 32 were injured while at Palamedu jallikattu held on Monday, 38 were injured. Last year at Alanganallur alone, 65 people were injured.Besides a one-day training session organised by the district administration for the participants, the village heads had also briefed them several times about the guidelines.Collector U Sagayam said that not even a single bull was injured in the event. \"As many as 464 bulls were registered for the event, out of which 447 were allowed to enter the arena after medical check-up,\" he said.However, Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI) representatives charged that the bulls were beaten and prodded with sticks outside the arena. \"There has not been much of a change outside the arena. Mental torture still remains and it is tremendous. Bull is like a four-year-old child before hundreds of strangers, terrified. This is worse than a few whippings,\" said Manoj Oswal, animal welfare officer, AWBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11532908", "title": "Girl kills self over poor results", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 19-year-old engineering student committed suicide on Tuesday in Coimbatore after she failed to pass a single paper in a recently held examination. The girl has been identified as B Sandhyavathi, daughter of Balasubrahmanyam of IOC Colony in Sundakkamuthur.Sandhyavathi was a student of an engineering college in Kovaipudur. On Monday, the results of the semester examination were announced and Sandhyavathi found that she failed to pass a single paper.She hanged herself from the ceiling using her duppatta on Tuesday morning when other family members left for work. Locals who heard her screams rushed to the spot and took her to Coimbatore Medical College hospital. She died on the way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531662", "title": "CBSE drops Chinese after teachers fail to learn it", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBSE introduced Chinese as a third language in 2011 but none of the teachers could pick up the language, prompting the board to withdraw the language from the syllabus for the time being. Interested students, it added, may be sent to a private online educational firm to learn Chinese as a hobby and each has to pay Rs 1,600 for it.After discussing the modalities of training Indian teachers with China's education minister Yuan Guiren, HRD minister Kapil Sibal said in September 2010 that students in large numbers would learn Chinese and 200 Indian teachers would be trained in the first phase. The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) then announced the introduction of Chinese starting from Class VI from the 2011-12 academic session as the third language (optional).But the initiative has failed to kick off as the school teachers allegedly failed to learn the language and the Chinese language training arranged by CBSE was discontinued mid-way. On January 9, 2012, the board wrote to school principals and Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan's administration, stating that due to non-availability of teachers, Chinese could not be introduced as a third language at this point and that classes could be arranged for the interested students in collaboration with the private online education provider. The letter also stated that CBSE intends to develop a pool of trained Chinese teachers.When the initiative was announced, a select team of teachers was to go to China for training, but it never happened. CBSE then asked interested schools to send teachers for training at the CBSE headquarters. Around seven schools in NCR showed interest and sent their teachers for the board-arranged training.\"But the resource person, who had tried his level best, discontinued mid-way as the teachers were either not interested or failed to pick up the language. The resource person expressed his dissatisfaction at the progress of the teachers and after three-odd weeks, the training had to be discontinued,\" said a senior CBSE official on the condition of anonymity.The schools TOI contacted refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai/new delhi", "code": "11532816", "title": "I knew Bhatkal as Imran: Businessman", "text": "MUMBAI/NEW DELHI: The Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) said it has established beyond a doubt that Waqqas and Tabrez, the two Pakistanis who lived at Habib Apartments in Byculla, planted the 13/7 bombs that exploded at Zaveri Bazar and Opera House. But the ATS is still unsure of the identity of the bomber who planted the bomb at a bus stop in Dadar on July 13, 2011.Meanwhile, intelligence agencies said the Indian Mujahideen (IM) engineered both the 13/7 serial blasts in Mumbai and the December 6, 2010 attack at the Dashaswamedh ghat in Varanasi. \"Local operatives provided logistical help to the IM to carry out the (Varanasi) blast,\" said a Delhi police officer.Mumbai ATS officials said IM leader Yasin Bhatkal alias Imran was living with the two Pakistanis at flat 53 in Habib Apartments at the time of the 13/7 attacks, but they aren't sure if Bhatkal was the third planter. Tabrez and Waqqas kept living in the Byculla flat after the blasts, while Bhatkal shuttled between Mumbai and other places. He left Byculla for good only on November 26, the third anniversary of the 26/11 attacks, the ATS said. Tabrez and Waqqas left in December.Mohammed Naqi, a Byculla businessman caught in a cheating case last week, allegedly helped the IM men get the accommodation. \"Naqi says he knew Bhatkal only as Imran and took him to a real estate agent. We are still probing if Naqi was aware of Imran's real identity,\" said an officer. The ATS is unsure if the bombs were assembled at the Byculla flat or were brought there in ready condition , said sources.Security sources said the Zaveri Bazar bomber can be identified in CCTV footage walking from the blast site to Mohammed Ali Road. While investigators said he is one of the two Pakistanis, they are tightlipped about who it is. The police said the duo, along with Bhatkal, began renting at Habib Apartments in March 2011. \"It is true that Yasin Bhatkal was present in Mumbai,\" said an investigator . \"However, the ATS was not sure of Bhatkal's true identity as he was using the alias Imran. After the 13/7 blasts, the two Pakistanis stayed in the Byculla flat. Bhatkal would leave Mumbai often. He returned last towards the end of November and left the flat for good on November 26.\"An ATS official said, \"The ATS knows the suspects' roles, but we will not announce detection until we catch the culprits.\" ATS sources said the two Pakistanis left the city in December and only Waqqas was supposed to return for their belongings and deposit. \"We laid a trap since he was to come back. But he never returned,\" said an ATS officer. Delhi police said Bhatkal had told the landlady he would return. The ATS has seized a computer, five DVDs, branded shirts and jeans from Flat 53. The flat has been sealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11531580", "title": "Campaign urges young to \u2018slap their vote\u2019 to leave a mark", "text": "MUMBAI: A few citizens have launched a campaign on a social networking website to urge voters, particularly the youth, to exercise their franchise in the forthcoming civic elections.Called 'Slap Your Vote', the campaign is \"targeted at young internet users who are reluctant to go out and vote\". \"They are getting alienated from electoral politics. They feel everybody is a bad guy in politics,\" said Jayraj Salgaonkar, an economist and a businessman who is spearheading the drive along with Raj Kamble, an advertising professional.So far, the campaign has received response from 8,000 youngsters. \"We want it to go above one lakh,\" said Salgaonkar. \"Never before has the civic election been so vibrant. We call it 'slap your vote' because we want change not through physical violence but through democratic and constitutional means.\"Salgaonkar said that people must vote if they want clean water, proper healthcare, decent roads, good pavements and sewerage system. \"Issues do not get resolved merely by lighting candles or by abusing and blaming politicians or by putting out the grievances in media,\" he added.\"We want people to get out of their comfort zone and vote. As a proud citizen of the world's largest democracy, it is your duty to make an informed decision as to who will represent you in the local body or the state assembly or the national assembly. We will be happy to provide any other information citizens may require,\" said Salgaonkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad/new delhi", "code": "11531656", "title": "Kiran Reddy, Botsa fight in Delhi over berths", "text": "HYDERABAD/NEW DELHI: The infighting within the Kiran Kumar Reddy government intensified on Tuesday with the chief minister making it clear to the Congress high command that a complete overhaul of the cabinet is necessary for the smooth functioning of his government even as PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana told the central leadership that only the two PRP MLAs should be inducted into the cabinet on January 19.In a two-hour meeting with AICC general secretary in the national capital on Tuesday night, Kiran Kumar reportedly listed the names of several ministers and saying that they were not functioning under the principle of collective leadership, wanted them to be dropped. According to sources, the names of senior ministers P Shankar Rao, DL Ravindra Reddy, K Jana Reddy and Ponnala Lakshmaiah figured in this list.However, Botsa stole a march over the chief minister and landed earlier than him and managed to meet Azad first. The PCC chief is said to have told Azad that only PRP MLC C Ramachandraiah and MLA Ghanta Srinivasa Rao should be inducted into the state cabinet on Thursday. In fact, even as Botsa walked out after meeting Azad, Kiran Kumar walked in to meet the AICC general secretary.After hearing Kiran Kumar, Azad reportedly told him that he will consult Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Wednesday and take a final decision on the demands put forth by him and by Botsa.The CM is also believed to have said that in case a complete overhaul is not possible, the he should be allowed to induct at least two or three ministers of his choice along with the two PRP leaders. Highly-placed sources averred that Kiran Kumar impressed upon the Congress high command that since there are two vacancies in the cabinet from the Telangana region caused by the exit of Komatireddy Venkatareddy and Jupalli Krishna Rao, he be allowed to induct two leaders from the region along with the two PRP MLAs from the coastal region.\"Ignoring Telangana ahead of the bypolls will not go down well with the people of the region,\" was what CM's strategy is to get his men inducted, the sources said. Meanwhile, several aspirants for a cabinet berth are camping in New Delhi. They include Bhatti Vikramarka, Gandra Venkata Ramana Reddy and R Damodar Reddy from Telangana and Kondru Murali, K Lakshma Reddy and G Prasada Rao from the other two regions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11535864", "title": "Rs 156 cr for emission monitoring centres in MP", "text": "BHOPAL: Soon the residents of 10 cities across Madhya Pradesh will be able to know how much polluted the air that they inhale in their respective cities is, as the Madhya Pradesh Pollution Control Board (MPPCB) has decided to set up a fully equipped pollution monitoring centres. These emission monitoring centres are being set up at an estimated cost of Rs 156 crore and will monitor pollution levels in 20 industrial areas.Officials of the MPPCB said the centres would measure industrial and vehicular pollutions and the findings would be made public.Also, efforts are on to install electronic display boards, which will show the pollution level in the respective cities. Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior, Ujjain, Jabalpur, Satna, Sagar, Dhar, Guna and Rewa have been selected for setting up the emission monitoring centres in the state. Three such centres will be set up in each of the selected cities to measure air pollution levels in addition to the existing centres. As of now, Indore has four centres including one at Polo Ground - an industrial area. The new centres will be mainly located in industrial areas.The Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) has amended its rule in November 2009 and included 12 more elements in the list of pollutants, which cause harms to human health. Following all the state pollution control boards were asked to make arrangements to measure air and vehicular pollution, the MPCB had inspected the industrial areas of the state and the industrial units were asked to make changes in their units as per the new emission guidelines.\"Most of the units have made changes as per the guidelines of the committee and the remaining ones have submitted bank guaranty,\" said an MPPCB official adding that rolling mills were the main air polluting units. The rolling mills have been served notices to switch over to compressed natural gas ( CNG). Recently, the CPCB had conducted a survey and found that 51 cities in the country have extremely high pollution levels, as these cities do not meet the prescribed Respirable Particular Matter (RSPM) levels, specified under the National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS). In the list of most polluting city, Indore ranked 16th, while Patna, Lucknow, Raipur, Faridabad and Ahmedabad also toped the list of cities with the highest emission levels.The MPPCB along with the pollution control boards in other states was asked to reduce the pollution levels in the cities and setting up of pollution monitoring centres in industrial areas. As of now the pollution control board team visits Pithampur to record air and water pollution in the area twice a year.Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior, Ujjain, Jabalpur, Satna, Sagar, Dhar, Guna and Rewa have been selected for setting up the monitoring centres in the state. Three such centres will be set up in each of the selected cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11532103", "title": "Expecting mom clocks 21 km in 3 hrs", "text": "MUMBAI: Arpita Shukla (32) has been passionate about running since the last four years. She has run half marathons since 2009. This time, too, she ran the half marathon, despite being six months' pregnant. She finished it in 3.02 hours. \"Like every year, I had enrolled for this year's marathon, but later I got to know that I am pregnant,\" said Arpita, adding that this being her first pregnancy, she never thought that she would not be able to run in such a condition.Arpita kept running about 4 km every day even after she got to know of her pregnancy. In a country where families start advising a mother-to-be over small things as soon as the news is out, Arpita's family has supported her whole-heartedly. \"I have also been participating in the Mumbai Marathon every year. I kept telling Arpita that I will beat her personal best of 2.18 hours, which she had achieved in 2009. Both of us used to go for runs together every morning,\" said Siddharth, Arpita's husband.\"My family told me that one knows her own body best. If I could do it, they didn't have any problem,\" said the Powai resident, who works as a business consultant. But Arpita was a little scared about running in the marathon. She then consulted Dr Vanita Raut, gynaecologist at L H Hiranandani Hospital. \"I told her that pregnancy is not a disease, but a physiological phenomenon,\" said Dr Raut. \"Lack of exercise is one of the common reasons for Caesareans. If a woman continues whatever exercise regime she follows before pregnancy, there should be no complications,\" Dr Raut said, adding that she had advised Arpita to stop in case she felt uncomfortable.\"On the 12 km mark, I started feeling a strong urge to answer nature's call and felt I might not be able to continue. But once I visited the loo, I felt fresh. At that time, my baby also kicked, so I was re-assured that all was well,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "11532382", "title": "Mulgao locals say threat of landslide real", "text": "KERI: A day after they besieged officials of the Sesa Goa mine at Mulgao for failing to compensate them for the landslide of July 16, 2011, locals told TOI that they still fear for their lives and livelihood as no effort has been made to check landslides.Gaonkarwada-based homemaker, Vrunda Vatu Gad, 35, said, \"My family lives in constant fear because of the irresponsible mining under way in mines in Mulgao. Cracks have developed in our house (House No. 14) due to blasting at the mines.\"She claimed the mining firm has \"done nothing concrete to free us from the threat of landslides\".On April 27, 2011, B K Prusti, manager, Sesa Goa, during a meeting with the Bicholim mamlatdar, had agreed to take precautionary measures to curtail landslides and had stated that the company was pumping water out of the mining pit during low tide to avoid flooding.Despite the assurance, a landslide occurred three months later during the monsoon and villagers suffered heavy losses.On November 3, 2011, the Goa state pollution control board issued a show-cause notice asking why the consent to operate order issued to the company under the Air Act and the Water Act should not be revoked.It also asked why the operation of mining lease No. 14/41 should not be suspended in view of validity period of the environmental clearance having expired.Sanjeev Joglekar of GSPCB stated, \"The board has issued directives to the company not to operate the mine and to take remedial measures at the earliest.\"Vinita Mandrekar from Manaswada told TOI on Tuesday, \"Mining silt has destroyed our agricultural fields and horticultural plantations. Erosion from mining dumps has compelled us to stop farming. Damage caused to water bodies which used to be perennial, is almost irrevocable.\"Mines department officials said they are taking necessary steps, on priority, to remove silt from water bodies and to curtail erosion of mining dumps.Information obtained under the Right To Information (RTI) Act has shown that mining lease No. 14/41 at Mulgao has not obtained wildlife clearance from the competent authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11531343", "title": "Commuters stranded as TMT buses stopped at toll naka", "text": "THANE: People travelling on Thane Municipal Transport buses were forced to abort their journey to Bhiwandi on Tuesday after the private toll contractor at Narpoli refused to let go the bus without paying the toll money.The passengers were forced to take other transport to their destinations. TMT manager Deepak Chavan said the buses are exempt from making toll payment as per a government notification, but the toll contractor feigned ignorance..Staff of Sangam Infrastructure waylaid the bus at the toll post and demanded that they pay for using the newly built concrete road from Balkum to Anjurphata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "gorakhpur", "code": "11533376", "title": "Once upon a time in Gorakhpur...", "text": "GORAKHPUR: The gang war may have ended and guns fallen silent in the UP's badland, yet the gory tales of two warlords who fought with each other for over two decades have acquired the status of folklore. Old-timers recall the their lives with much passion and their tales have provided enough masala to Bollywood film-makers.No wonder, the region earned the sobriquet of 'Chicago of the East' and 'Slice of Sicily'. In the battle of supremacy, the two gangsters -- Hari Shanker Tiwari and Virendra Pratap Shahi -- and their aides executed approximately 50 murders. Shahi was shot dead in 1997 by a new kid on the block, who had a meteoric rise and equally brisk fall -- Sriprakash Shukla.He wanted to stamp his supremacy over the two older ones, thus bringing an end to one of the longest gang wars. Tiwari is now in active politics for the past three decades. There is hardly a Both Tiwari and Shahi became MLAs from different constituencies from time to time. Tiwari even got a cabinet berth in governments headed by Mulayam Singh Yadav , Kalyan Singh and Mayawati.Recalling the days of the gangwar, a former aide of Shahi said, \"During my visit to Bahraich, an engineer in PWD introduced himself as Shahi's elder brother.This surprised me, as Shahi was his parents' only son. On further probing,we came to know that the man had spread the propaganda just to win government contracts, since his last name also happened to be Shahi.\" Narrating a similar tale, Tiwari's aide said that how one of the criminals in Patna boasted his allegiance to Tiwari and went on to become a minister in Lalu Prasad's government.The gang war between Shahi and Tiwari can be traced back to the period before Emergency. Tiwari was already into students politics. During those days Shahi was close to Ram Kinkar Singh (former MLA) and was staying in Basti.Shahi used to pay short visits to Gorakhpur either to hide himself from the police or for purely personal reasons, tells a former aide. Shahi also fought assembly election as an Independent known police case against him and he is considered a master manipulator.Independent candidate from Basti but lost. While things were moving at a natural pace post-Emergency around 1978, Balwant Singh, a student leader, was murdered allegedly by his close friend Rudal Pratap Singh (allegedly at Tiwari's behest) in Gorakhpur.The murder brought into picture Shahi who by then had developed enmity with Ram Kinkar Singh, as he had slapped Shahi's close friend . Shahi is said to have even attacked Singh and injured him.Thereafter, it became difficult for Shahi to stay in Basti due to Kinkar's clout.Meanwhile, in Gorakhpur, around 10,000 men turned up for the funeral of Balwant at Rajghat. Following this, Balwant's supporters led by Shahi reached Cantonment police station and insisted on lodging a named FIR against Harishankar Tiwari. The FIR was finally lodged against Tiwari. This led to the beginning of a gang war, which continued till 1997 when Shahi was brutally killed by Shukla in Lucknow.After few days, Shahi indulged in fisticuffs with Mrityunjay Dubey, a Tiwari acolyte, which insiders said was more by chance than any planning. In the brawl, a gun accidentally went off hitting Mrityunjay on his legs. Mrityunjay died following gangrene.Thereafter, news reached Shahi and his supporters that his close aide Bechai Pandey, had been murdered in Gagaha area. Strangely, when Shahi's supporters were coming back with the body of Pandey, they met three close aides of Tiwari. Shahi's men killed all three of them. This was followed by another two to three close aides of Shahi being killed and the battle continued. Meanwhile, Shahi decided to contest election from Lakshmipur constituency of Maharajganj district as an Independent candidate. \"Against him in the fray was Amarmani Tripathi contesting on Communist Party's ticket. Amarmani was a close aide of Tiwari,\" old-timers said. Amarmani lost the election to Shahi by a close margin of 5,000 votes.By mid-80s, Tiwari jumped into railway contract business. Around 1996 Shahi and his aides allegedly shot dead son of Godhan Singh. Godhan's son happened to be close friend of Sriprakash Shukla, who by that time was recruited by Suraj Bhan of Bihar. Shripat Daadi,who was allegedly hired by Shahi confirmed before Shukla about Shahi's involvement. In early 1997, Shukla killed Virendra Sahi in Lucknow. The old order was crippled. Next on the hit list was Hari Shanker Tiwari. Tiwari, has been MLA from Chillupar for a decade and a half.Suddenly, Shukla decided that he wanted the seat. People recall that Shukla made too many enemies, too early. It is said that Tiwari always kept Shukla's father with him as a shield. An alleged supari (contract killing) worth Rs 6 crore to assassinate the then chief minister Kalyan Singh proved to be the last nail in Shukla's coffin. Shukla was gunned down by the STF in 1998. With both Shahi and Shukla gone and Tiwari mellowing down, it has been a period of relative peace since then.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11532284", "title": "States steal a march over Centre in graft control", "text": "New Delhi: Even as the Centre is mulling over tightening the procurement systems in departments, states appear to have stolen a march. Gauging the public mood against corruption, state governments are working hard to appear committed to transparency.At least two states - Himachal Pradesh and Orissa - have signed an \"integrity pact'' with NGO Transparency International India (TII), while two others have expressed interest in adopting systems that will be subject to monitoring. The pact once signed commits a department or public sector organization to ensure that the procurements adhere to benchmarks set by TII and are subject to external supervision.TII chairman P S Bawa said, \"Orissa is the first state to sign the IP. We have also signed with the Himachal state electricity board. Bihar is making inquiries and we may sign up with them soon.'' Uttarakhand government has also announced establishment of systems for transparent procurement and TII said that it would pursue the government.An integrity pact establishes mutual contractual rights and obligations to reduce the high procurement cost and adverse effects of corruption. It covers all contract related activities from pre-selection of bidders, bidding, contracting, implementation, completion and operation. India is perceived to be one of the most corrupt nations, and ranked 87 among 178 countries in TI corruption perception index, 2010. In sharp contrast, the government had dragged its feet on ratifying the UN convention against corruption on the argument that it did not see merit in submitting to external evaluation of its processes. TII's limited success - about 44 PSUs have signed up so far - indicates that the change in stance.The ministry of company affairs, Central Vigilance Commission and the Administrative Reforms Commission have asked all PSUs to sign the pact. However, the endeavour is still a voluntary exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "houston", "code": "11532569", "title": "True colours: Milky way is really milky", "text": "HOUSTON: Milky way after all is milky in colour for sure! Scientists have revealed that our galaxy is aptly named Milky Way as it looks white, the colour of fresh snow in the early morning.University of Pittsburgh astronomers said their finding is significant because we are located in the middle of the Milky Way, which had previously made it difficult to accurately determine the colour of the galaxy.Colour is a key detail of galaxies, shedding light on its history of star formation . Since we are located well within our galaxy, clouds of gas and dust obscure all but the closest regions of the galaxy from view, keeping us from directly seeing what colour our galaxy is as a whole.\"We can really only see 1,000 to 2,000 light-years in any direction - the Milky Way is 100,000 light-years across,\" said study co-author Jeffrey Newman at the University of Pittsburgh. \"The problem is similar to determining the overall colour of the Earth when you're only able to tell what Pennsylvania looks like.\"To sidestep this problem, astronomers decided to look at other galaxies' colours to figure out the hue of our own. Galaxies whose other properties closely match the Milky Way's can likely tell us what our galaxy's colour is. The light from the Milky Way closely matches the colour of a standard incandescent light bulb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11535650", "title": "Lokayukta nets Rs 9 cr assets in raid", "text": "BHOPAL: In another raid on Tuesday, the Lokayukta's SPE claimed to have seized assets and diocuments relating to Rs 9 crore worth of property from the home of a Labour Welfare Department Inspector, Brajendra Sharma in Indore.Sharma's monthly salary is Rs 16000 and he has been employed for the last 15 years. Currently he is working as PA to the chairman of Madhya Pradesh Shram Kalyan Mandal ( Labour Welfare Board).SP (SPE) Ashok Solanki said the Welfare Inspector is based in Bhopal, but was also in charge of Indore. The police raided his home at 247 Parag Nagar and reportedly found documents showing that he owned a house in the posh Surendra Nagar in Indore, besides papers related to two houses in Bhopal.\"Sharma owns a house each in Abhinandan Nagar and Rajharsh colony in Bhopal,\" said the DSP, adding that a piece of land was found in his name in village Lalpura in Shivpur Kala district.Apart from this, Sharma was also found to be owning a plot each in Maharajpura area of Gwalior and Lotus Park Colony near Super Corridor in Indore. \"The evaluation of the plots is underway, but the exact worth can be known only later,\" added Solanki.Sharma also owns a Ford Figo, two motorcycles, Rs 12 lakh worth of insurance policies, Rs 3.5 lakh worth of old and silver ornaments. Cash worth about Rs 60,000 was also seized from his Indore residence and the police is looking up some 12 bank accounts in his and his family members'names .The SP said Sharma was suspended from service in 2009 following complaints. \"In 2010 March the State Government restored supervisory powers to him,\" added Solanki.Another raid yields Rs 10 cr in UjjainIn the continuing series of anti-graft raids in Ujjain, the Special Police Establishment (SPE) of Lokayukta on Tuesday unearthed documents relating to property worth Rs 10 crore allegedly amassed by an Assistant Engineer of the Public Health Engineering (PHE) department of the Ujjain municipal corporation, Ramesh Kumar Dwivedi.The SPE sleuths claim that the total worth of assets disproportionate to known sources of income may go well beyond Rs 12 crore. Dwivedi, during his service, had earned a total of only Rs 22 lakh as salary, according to them.SP (SPE) S P Sagoria said Dwivedi has served in Ujjain, Dewas and Indore corporations. \"But a major chunk of his service has been in Ujjain Municipal Corporation,'' he added.The SP said Dwivedi owned two fully furnished homes in Ujjain, 50 bighas of land on Unhel road (5 kms from Ujjain), 70 bighas in Kalu Khedi, Badhed and Mozam Khedi villages and 2 more homes in Indore's Deendayal Nagar and Anup Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11533241", "title": "Rebel relief for Punjab Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the last day of withdrawal of nominations, Congress could bring down the rebels to 13 from 38. Of these, sources said, five had the stature to spoil the party's fortunes by contesting as independents. With the swing for Congress being narrow even in victories in Punjab, any indirect help to Akalis is sure to rankle the party.There is a sense of relief in Congress that rebels have been pared down to a smaller number. AICC general secretary B K Hariprasad was sent to the state to coordinate firefighting. The number of party rebels stood at 38 which later came down to 28. However, after the last date of withdrawal of nominations on Monday, 13 remain in the fray.The rebel situation seems to have gripped all parties in the cut-throat battle for Punjab. Akali Dal faces trouble despite strong action by deputy CM Sukhbir Singh Badal against dissidents.Congress leaders argue that the party's hopes rarely rise beyond 65 seats even in winning situations. The small elbow room gives rebels disproportionate leverage as spoilers.The situation in Congress got hyped after the breaking away of former chief minister Amarinder Singh's brother Malvinder Singh who joined rival Akali Dal. Sources said a large number of discontented leaders were mollified with assurances of being adjusted if the party came to power.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531657", "title": "Two arrested for trafficking, four minors rescued", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four minor girls were rescued and two traffickers arrested from the old Delhi railway station on Tuesday morning. The operation was jointly carried out by the railway police force, anti-trafficking unit of crime branch and NGO Shakti Vahini.The two accused have been identified as Karmi Lokra and Saraswati Devi. The duo had lured the girls with the promise of providing them jobs with an NGO here. Shakti Vahini sources allege the NGO in question is fake and children brought here were sold off as child brides in Haryana or as bonded labourers.\"The children were brought by the Tata Muri Express from Jharkhand on the pretext of providing jobs through an illegal placement agency in New Friends Colony. The arrests also revealed the involvement of an alleged NGO operating in Delhi. The placement agency brought in poor children from the central belt promising them jobs with the NGO,\" alleged Rishi Kant from Shakti Vahini. \"After the arrests, a couple, claiming to be the workers of this NGO, arrived at the old Delhi GRP police station. The woman spoke to the accused and levelled allegations against unknown persons to derail the investigation,\" said Rishi Kant.\"The Shakti Vahini team found out the website of the fake organization. Investigations revealed that the vice president of the NGO was one Munna Choudhry. He had been arrested for trafficking earlier in July, 2011, from Rajouri Garden. A 27-page report prepared against him by Assam Police had listed details of around 500 children who went missing from Assam and about such 50 placement agencies operating in Delhi. Subsequently, the report was also submitted to the DCP (crime and railways) and we are analyzing the report for leads at present,'' said a senior crime branch officer.Sources said Shakti Vahini requested the Child Welfare Committee to order a police probe against the NGO in question. Acting on the petition, the CWC issued orders directing SHO of Nihal Vihar Police Station for the same. The CWC also directed the SHOs of New Friends Colony and Defence Colony police stations to probe the placement agency owners and submit a report at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ghumar mandi", "code": "11535125", "title": "Chic with gifts from abroad", "text": "GHUMAR MANDI: Her fairy dresses and shoes come straight from Canada and she loves a hot cup of tea during winters. Mauly, Baljinder Kaur Rangi's four-year old pug, is like a daughter to her. And it takes little to know that she is one lucky pet.The love and affection is mutual. When kept away from Baljinder, Mauly even loses weight. Baljinder, a resident of Ghumar Mandi, said she returned to the city after a month-long visit to her sons in Canada and USA, she brought a lot of trendy stuff for her pug. From shoes to cozy blankets and sleeping baskets, Baljinder packed it all and gifted to the pet at a grand birthday party.Baljinder said their pet is the family's lucky charm and brings good fortune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "11536555", "title": "130 people evacuated from snow-hit areas of Jammu and Kashmir", "text": "JAMMU: Over 130 people have been evacuated from the snow-hit areas of Jammu and Kashmir following reports of trapped people and damaged houses due to heavy snowfall in upper reaches of the region.\"We have conducted several evacuations from various snow-bound areas in Ramban district and shifted 28 families to a safer area,\" SP (Ramban) Anil Magotra said.Out of the 28, Magotra said, 10 families from Kurzi village, five from Hargam village and one each from Mangit and Aramdhaka villages were shifted by the police to safer places.Police also evacuated nine migrant families from Sangaldan area of the district, who were trapped in the recent continuous heavy snowfall in the area, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11522460", "title": "Vidya Balan to get dirtier than Kat", "text": "It's common knowledge that actress Vidya Balan has been approached to do an item number for Ferrari Ki Sawari, a film backed by Vidhu Vinod Chopra.With A-League actresses like Katrina Kaif, Priyanka Chopra, Deepika Padukone doing the occasional item number that becomes a rage of sorts, Vidya feels it's time she tried her hands at it, too. After all, the girl is known for her versatility.However, Vidya is up to a great challenging task. She isn't known much for her dancing skills. It can be remembered that her part in the peppy dance number in 'Kismet Konnection' was canned, because she just couldn't match steps with Shahid Kapoor.The girl is now adamant to do things differently. She is going to practise for hours on end until she manages to give the current Chammak Challos and Chikni Chamelis a run for their money. So with a little weight loss programme in place and a choreographer at her disposal, Boombaat Balan is getting set to create a storm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mahbubnagar", "code": "11531390", "title": "Jagan to test Telangana waters for Odarpu yatra", "text": "MAHBUBNAGAR: After successfully 'managing' the Telangana forces in Armoor during his recent rythu deeksha, YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy has shifted his focus to conducting Odarpu yatra in the region with the tacit support of TRS cadres.Towards this end, Jagan is again entering the Telangana region at Kothur mandal in Mahbubnagar district on January 21 to assess the ground situation for organising his Odarpu yatra.Jagan is scheduled to visit the famous Jahangir Peer dargah to offer special prayers and later hold a meeting of party cadres. Though he is continuing his third leg of Odarpu yatra in Guntur district, party sources said Jagan is planning to visit Mahbubnagar on January 21.Sources said Jagan was scheduled to launch his fee reimbursement agitation in Mahbubnagar district earlier but dropped the plan and moved to Ongole. Though Jagan had launched his party on March 12, 2011, he has never dared to visit the district due to the ongoing regional conflict.Sources said Jagan selected the dargah in Kothur mandal where T sentiment is almost negligible to test his luck in Mahbubnagar, which is represented by Telangana strongman K Chandrasekhar Rao in the Lok Sabha. Also, the area is close to Hyderabad international airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11530974", "title": "Bosch, govt polytechnic college launch training centre", "text": "NAGPUR: With the diversified group Bosch collaborating with Government Polytechnic Nagpur (GPN) college, the city can now boast of ultra-modern automotive training centre (ATC). On Tuesday the ATC was inaugurated at the GPN campus and is expected to benefit both students and professionals.GPN principal RS Naidu, said, \"This ATC is one of its kind in the entire country and we are happy to have it in our campus. We will work together with Bosch officials regarding the training and hope to provide value addition to those who attend the program.\"There will be two kinds of courses taught at the ATC, the Institute Centric Training will be for students while the Bosch Business Partners Centric Training will be for professionals working in the auto and ancillary sectors.The ATC comprises of a training hall, labs and an auto workshop that are developed jointly by GPN and Bosch. GPN has provided infrastructural facilities like land, space, utilities and certain equipment while Bosch has supplied advanced equipment, tools, aggregates and copy right training material for it. Bosch has appointed an exclusive local trainer to work in ATC.A press release further added that GPN and Bosch have agreed to work together for the benefit of automobile sector. Terms and conditions under their agreement are pertaining to identification of the programs, designing and sharing courses, teaching material, developing and sharing hardware and resources, and certification of participants. The MOU signed will be valid for the period of three years from the date of its signing. Faculty members and technical support staff will be updated regularly as they are expected to work in organizing both the categories of training program.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11533233", "title": "90% attendance a bright spot", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka has entered the 90%-plus league in primary-school attendance for the first time along with Kerala and Himachal Pradesh, says the Annual Status of Education Report (ASER) for 2011.But what raises concern is the level of learning or teaching in the state's schools. For instance, 21% of the students in Class 1 can't read. Around 40% of children in class 3 can read class textbooks of class 1. So is the case with class 5 students, who can reading textbooks of class 2 or above. Less than 30% can do division in class 5. Less than 40% can do subtraction in class 3.The report says 17.5% students in private schools in class 1 take tuitions . The highest percentage of tuitions is in classes 4 and 3 with 27% and 20.5% respectively. The number of students going for tuitions has increased marginally compared to previous years. The number of unused libraries has increased from 27% to 35%. Only 7% schools are without libraries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11533200", "title": "Vote power doesn't mean empowerment for women", "text": "NEW DELHI: In three of the five states about to hold elections, more women vote than men. Women thus hold the key to assembly elections in Uttarakhand , Manipur and Goa.In the 2007 assembly elections, half of Uttarakhand's 70 constituencies saw more women cast their votes than men. In Manipur, more women voted than men in 52 of the 60 constituencies. In Goa, women played a lesser but still significant role, outnumbering men voters in 16 of the state's 40 constituencies.In Uttarakhand, seven of the state's 13 districts have more women than men according to 2011 Census so more women voting can be expected . But this has not translated to mean that women have achieved political empowerment in these states. In Uttarakhand, just 4 women were elected to the 70-member assembly in the last election. In Manipur not a single woman MLA was elected and in Goa just one woman could make it to the assembly.Uttarakhand's women have been deeply involved in the mass movement that fought through the 1990s to form the new state. They led or participated in everything from local demonstrations to gheraos and highway blockades. Yet, despite the numbers and activism, the past decade has seen their withdrawal from change-making actions.Kerala too has a similar chasm between women's participation in elections and empowerment. In elections to the 140-member Kerala assembly last year, an astonishing 127 constituencies saw more women voting than men. But only 7 women got elected.All three states have a healthy sex ratio. In Manipur, there are 987 women to every 1,000 men, in Goa the ratio is 968 and in Uttarakhand 963. Uttarakhand's ratio reverts to the norm when you move out of the hills into the terai belt of Shahid Udham Singh Nagar or Haridwar. It also breaks down in urban centres like Dehradun and Nainital. The terai belt is agriculturally more advanced and absorbs labour as do the urban centres, especially the state capital Dehradun.Migration is one reason for the skewed adult ratio. Uttarakhand men have traditionally migrated to larger towns and cities in the plains leaving women behind.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11532074", "title": "UID drive reaches a dead end", "text": "GURGAON: The mammoth task of bringing lakhs of residents under the Aadhaar scheme (unique identity card) came to a grinding halt in Gurgaon last week.The decision to shut down operations was taken in the wake of the contentious issue of the relevance of the UID when the National Population Registry is doing a similar exercise across the country.In Gurgaon, four private companies were recording the details of the residents. The work has now been put on hold till further notice from the Unique Identity Authority of India (UIDAI) which is awaiting for the final decision of the Cabinet committee on the fate of the project.The Haryana government had kicked off the drive amidst great fanfare in December last year.But the abrupt closure of the project has left the residents high and dry with the enumeration centres being closed on January 10.So far, over 2.5 lakh residents have been enumerated in the city but no one knows when and how they will get their unique ID number. \"There is no information about the reopening of the centres in Gurgaon. No one knows what will happen next,\" said a senior executive working with a private company.Meanwhile, the four private companies are in a fix now over the financial prospect of the project.Each of the companies had shelled out lakhs of rupees to purchase iris and thumb scanners for enumeration. They had imported the machines before starting the enumeration work in Gurgaon.\"Each machine had cost us more than Rs 1.50 lakh. We had placed bulk orders for completing the project but now we don't know where these machines will be used,\" said another senior executive of the company.According to the agreement, the private companies are to be paid Rs 25 to Rs 30 for each enumeration done in Gurgaon. The companies in each centre had targeted 200 enumerations daily. \"The payments for enumerations were to be done in a phased manner by the UIDAI. But after the closure of the centres, there is no clarity as to how the payments will be made to companies,\" said the executive.For the enumeration process, the company had to collect the form and fill in the details of the residents including the iris and thumb impression scan. This data was to be manually taken to the centre control room in Delhi for uploading it to the UIDAI server directly.But with the centres closing down, it has forced the companies to sack employees who were manning the centres.\"There is no point in keeping the employees when the company doesn't know about the future of the project itself. The employees were local residents who would be recalled if the project restarts,\" said the executive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535431", "title": "Actors can\u2019t be athletes in a race: Jeet", "text": "Ten years, a roller-coaster ride and ready for a new journey all over again. Jeet tells it as it is to CT.Do you think you got your due? Of course! The love and adulation I've received from my audience in the past 10 years made Jeetu Madnani today's Jeet. And now another journey begins for me...How has the industry changed over the years? The Bengali film industry has grown by leaps and bounds. The production value has also gone up remarkably. When I joined the industry, there was only Prosenjit Chatterjee but now a lot of young, talented actors have joined the industry which helps creates healthy competition. There is a good mix of young and old directors now.The distribution logistics have improved, the number of halls have increased. The number of Bengali films made in a year too has gone up. Of late, both meaningful and commercial films are doing good business which proves that a bridge has been developed between the two genres. The media is more supportive now. The government, especially our CM, is also by our side which is of immense support for the Bengali film industry.And how has Jeet changed over the years? (Laughs) You mean as an actor? Well, let the audience answer that. I feel if one is open to learning, growth will happen. As a person, I am still the same. The experiences over the years has made me a better human being.When you joined the industry, your only competition was with Prosenjit Chatterjee. But now Dev is also there ... No one is my competitor other than my last film.Ten years in the industry and you were linked to only Swastika... That's my past and I don't want to speak about it. I have never done that before as well.Come February, and you will be celebrating your first anniversary with Mohna... It has been lovely by God's grace. Mohna is intelligent and most importantly, she understands my profession well. I understood the deeper meaning of love after getting married.Any plans to start a family soon? (Laughs) Will let the world know when it will happen.Tell us about the actors you have worked with the most, like Koel, Srabanti, Swastika... I want to start it with Priyanka Tridevi, my first heroine in \"Sathi\". She will always remain special. Koel strikes a balance between humanity and her professional attitude, which is praiseworthy. Srabanti is one of the most talented actors and a good human being. Swastika is a good actor.Who is the most talented among them? I don't think actors are athletes on a race, so why number them? They all are talented in their own way.Something about the directors you've worked with the most - like Ravi Kinagi, Raj Chakrabarty, Haranath Chakraborty, Swapan Saha, Prabhat Roy. Ravi Kinagi is like family. I've learnt loads from him. Our chemistry clicks. Raj is confident with good PR skills. Prabhatda is talented and there is a hidden child in him. Haranathda is like my elder brother who will always be special as he is the one who gave me my first break. Swapanda is a producer-friendly director who understands the economics of films.Who brings out the best in you? I think Ravi Kinagi brings out the best in me. I have a different sort of trust in his sensibility towards film-making. But all the directors with whom I have worked till date help me deliver my best.Actor Jeet has become a producer now... Why not earn some extra money? (Laughs) Jokes apart, firstly, I come from a business background so buisness is there in my blood. Secondly, I act in a maximum of three to four films a year, which leaves me with a lot of time. I thought of utilizing it in a constructive way. What better way than do something related to entertainment? But on the sets, it is always actor Jeet and not producer Jeet. I never ran after money. I want to make a good name for my company which will be able to entertain the audience with interesting projects.\"100 % Love\" is your 35th film as an actor and the first film as a co producer. Nervous? A little tense undoubtedly. When you put in your money, chaap toh thakbei! But I believe in God. We had put in our 100 per cent love and effort to make this film, so I am sure the audience too will love the film cent per cent. The storyline, the songs, the looks - the entire packaging of the film will be liked by the audience.And love to you is? Love is an emotion to be spread and shared. Each one of us has to practice 100 per cent love to make life a bliss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11533579", "title": "Big cat finally spotted near Rahmankhera", "text": "LUCKNOW:The elusive tiger finally made an appearance on Tuesday. At least 50-odd people saw the tiger crossing the railway line near the Subtropical Horticulture Institute at Rahmankhera twice. The locals said that the feline wasn't wary of human presence around, though there were at least 50 to 60 people near the institute, from the surrounding villages, at that time. \"It was afternoon and people were moving around for their work when the tiger appeared. Though men were quite far from the spot, tiger crossed the track twice,\" said a local from Rahmankhera.\"It was the first day-light movement of the feline,\" said Rahul Shukla, former honorary wildlife warden, Kishenpur, who has been tracking the tiger and also visited the spot on Wednesday. The tiger has started moving actively in the area. There were reports that in the morning, at around 10:30, the feline had walked on the road, as well. As of now, it's not reacting to human presence around. However, when it saw men, it slid back to its cover in the forest at Kakori. \"Its movement show it could be hungry,\" said Shukla.The tiger is said to make four kills in a month-long perithat od. Considering that it made its last kill on January 6, it could be the time when the big cat is hungry again. Its present location is a rich habitat, with lot of tiger's natural prey, thick cover to hide and a water body. Though there has been no man-animal conflict reported from the area, situation like what happened on Wednesday, with tiger appearing out of its cover in the day, and men moving around, it could turn dangerous. The juvenile tiger, so far, has kept out of the human territory and moved through its way silently. But, panicking men can turn it violent. The forest department, in more than a week's time, has failed to track the tiger.There has been no effort made to localize the tiger. The subtropical institute's campus, in Rahmankhera, where the tiger has been present for all this while, is some 3 to 4 kms area, but, the forest department officers have not been able to track the tiger. On the contrary, the department has put up iron cages at the place to trap the tiger.A forest staff also shared that the tiger moved in and out of the cage without been trapped, on Tuesday evening. \"We had suggested to tranquilise the tiger but the department did not buy the argument,\" said GC Mishra, former director, Dudhwa. There is always a possibility that a healthy tiger will be left injured in the cage, as the tiger tries to set itself free and in a bid injures itself. \"An injured tiger is not fit to survive in the wild, and, is most likely to end up in a zoo,\" said Mishra.However, DFO, Awadh could not be contacted for a comment. The forest officials had installed closed circuit television cameras at different points in the forest area. Incidentally, the tiger stepped up on a camera that was placed near a brick and its image was captured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535795", "title": "I won't resort to cheap tricks: Shriya Saran", "text": "Shriya Saran on the male-dominated film industry and her friendship with Salman KhanYou have chosen to work for Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam cinema over Bollywood. Is it because you didn't get meaningful offers from B-Town? I have not only done southern films, but I have also done crossover cinema. Currently, I am doing Deepa Mehta's Winds Of Change and have also done more such projects before,like Dilip Mehta's Cooking With Stella.Now, to come back to your question, well, we choose to do projects that are offered to us. I got good projects in the south, so I did it. When a filmmaker like Deepa Mehta felt that I should work with her, I took up her offer. Now why Bollywood does not offer meaningful roles to me is something you should ask the filmmakers! The Hindi industry is so male dominated, that there's not much for actresses. In Hollywood, an Angelina Jolie is paid a fee that is probably at par with her male colleagues, but we can't expect the same here in India. Universally, films have meatier roles for men. Most films are about male protagonists and their histrionics on screen; women are signed up for song sequences and to up the glam quotient.You were once romantically linked with cricketer Sreesanth. I don't know who Sreesanth is. I just met him once when he walked the ramp for Vikram Phadnis . You have a great camaraderie with Salman Khan. I have known Salman for some time now. Salman is a really, really kind man. He has always given me so much respect and treated me so nicely. People enjoy linking him with any girl who he is nice to, so I feel bad for him rather than myself. I also want to make it clear that I am not talking about him because I will get some mileage from this. Today, if a female actor even mentions Salman in an interview, people assume she's dropping his name for publicity. I like publicity, but don't resort to cheap tricks. Having said that, I am a very private person. However, currently, I am single and definitely want to mingle.You've worked with actors much older than you - Rajnikanth, Ravi Teja, Chiranjeevi and Nagarjuna... Right from the time of Shammi Kapoor and Amitabh Bachchan to the present day, male actors have always worked with younger heroines. Even George Clooney flaunts a very young girlfriend. So, what's wrong in working with Rajnikanth and Nagarjuna, when they are huge stars. By the way, my next flick has Akshaye Khanna opposite me, who is much younger (laughs).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11532212", "title": "Flamingo poaching shocks activist", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The recent incidences of flamingo poaching in Venasar village in Maliya-Miyana taluka of Rajkot district has left bird rescuer Devjibhai Dhamecha deeply shaken. Dhamecha has now pledged that he will do \"whatever it takes\" to ensure justice is done in the flamingo poaching case.\"In my 66 years of association with eco-tourism and wildlife, I have never seen such rampant poaching incidents. The Venasar incident in where 64 lesser flamingos were poached has really shaken me,\" said Dhamecha, who is the vice-president of Dhrangadhara Nature club and a wildlife tour operator.On January 14, he rescued two lesser flamingos from poachers' nets in Venasar village. While narrating his rescue operation, Dhamecha was in tears. \"These birds are our guests from overseas and we have to treat them with utmost respect and compassion. But the poaching incident of Venasar where 64 birds were killed in a couple of incidents is very rare,\" he said, adding that in the past there were only stray incidents where birds got accidentally trapped in fishing nets. \"Now this has become a trade for the poachers,\" said Dhamecha.\"It appears that there is now a growing demand for such meat in the market and hence one can witness a trend of poaching. The Kodinar incident where 11 Demoiselle cranes were poached establishes the fact that there was a demand which is growing,\" he added.Dhamecha says, \"People of Gujarat are committed to save these birds. In the past, fishermen would stop fishing activity as soon as the winged visitors started arriving. And, fishermen community fondly referred to them as Lakha na Janiya (wedding procession of Lakha village). The name was accrued from Lakhiyasar village where these winged visitors were found in large numbers. They were also found near Andhisar village along the coast.\"Regarding the trap, he said that the threads were fixed into the ground so that the net was pinned down in the shallow waters. When the birds walked through or landed in the shallow waters, their feet got caught in these traps. Dhamecha said he fears that the birds that managed to fly off from the trap might have damaged their legs which would make them handicapped. \"I have decided that I will definitely fight for the cause of these winged visitors and see that those involved in the poaching are taken to task,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11532602", "title": "Fewer the women, more the men spend on them", "text": "WASHINGTON: Do you believe that women are scarce? Then, it is most likely that you will spend more on them, researchers say.However, a dearth of men doesn't make women spendthrifts , but believing men are plentiful does trigger women to believe men should be spending more on them, found the researchers at the University of Minnesota.The research was done in a laboratory setting, but there is some real-world evidence that cities with higher ratios of men also have higher levels of debt, the researchers said.Similarly, the wild animal kingdom is rife with such competitive behaviour, said Vladas Griskevicius, a professor of marketing at University of Minnesota who led the study.\"What we see in other animals is that when females are scarce, males become more competitive. They compete more for access to mates,\" Griskevicius was quoted as saying by LiveScience. \"How do humans compete for access to mates? What you find across cultures is that men often do it through money, through status and through products.\"For the study, published in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, the participants read news reports that described their local populations being either male- or female-skewed. Next, they were asked to report how much money they would save each month from a given paycheck , as well as how much credit card debt they would take on. When led to believe women were scare, men decreased their savings rate by 42% and indicated they were willing to borrow 84% more each month.\"There are more men than women it automatically changes our desires our behaviours and our psychology,\" he said. However, when women read their area was populated with more men than women , they expected men to spend more, researchers found.\"When there's a scarcity of women, women felt men should go out of their way to court them\" Griskevicius said. An analysis of 120 US cities provided some tantalising real-world backup for the results found in the lab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11532387", "title": "Gujarat airport boosts armoury to fight bird hits", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International (SVPI) airport is all set to upgrade it armoury to battle the feathered menace. To eliminate bird-hit problems, the airport has upgraded the 'zone guns' it procured in 2010 for keeping the sky over the runway free of birds.The 'zone guns' create a loud shot-like sound to scare away the birds. The volume of the noise and interval between detonations for the guns can be adjusted. The new guns will have more options with the kind of sounds and its reach.Besides firecrackers, Ahmedabad airport authorities currently use two laser guns costing Rs 1.5 lakh each and seven zone guns, a six-shot launcher and a LPG cylinder-operated device which generates loud noise at regular intervals. It spends Rs 30 lakh annually to check bird hits.\"We have been able to bring down the number of bird hits with the use of the guns and regularly cutting grass and keeping the area around the airport clean. However, the incidents haven't stopped and to manage it effectively we will get six new zone guns from Delhi,\" said airport officials.Officials said many birds are now used to the sound created by the existing guns, but the new ones are advanced versions and emit different frequencies of sound. However, sources said all of the sophisticated devices have failed to sway away birds from the airport vicinity.\"The birds are often spotted sitting near these zone guns kept alongside the airport. Except the six-shot launcher, which is helpful in disbursing a group of birds, other devices have failed. It's only firecrackers that has helped bring down the number of bird-hits as before take off and after landing six men bust crackers between 8 am and 8 pm daily,\" said a source.The use of firecrackers at the airport was banned last year after two CISF officials in Thiruvananthapuram had mischievously planted firecrackers on a flight. Ahmedabad airport officials then wrote to the Bureau of Civil Aviation and Security seeking relaxation of the ban as they have no other option to control the menace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "11534816", "title": "Google plans homepage protest against SOPA", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Google Inc will place a link on its home page tomorrow protesting anti-piracy measures in the US Congress, joining other internet companies demonstrating against the Hollywood-backed legislation.Google, owner of the world's most popular search engine, and Facebook Inc are among companies opposing House and Senate bills they say they will hurt the growth of the US technology industry. Wikipedia, the online encyclopedia where users contribute entries, said it will shut the English version of its website for 24 hours tomorrow to protest the measures.\"We oppose these bills because there are smart, targeted ways to shut down foreign rogue websites without asking American companies to censor the internet,\" Samantha Smith , a Google spokeswoman, said in an e-mail today.The Stop Online Piracy Act in the House and the Protect IP Act in the Senate are backed by the movie and music industries as a means to crack down on the sale of counterfeit goods by non-US websites. Hollywood studios want lawmakers to ensure that Internet companies such as Google share responsibility for curbing the distribution of pirated material.A legislative push led by the Washington-based Motion Picture Association of America and the US Chamber of Commerce , the nation's largest business-lobbying group, has run into a backlash from Web companies that say the bills would saddle them with new liabilities and technology mandates.'Abuse of power' Jimmy Wales , co-founder of Wikipedia, called the decision to shut the website an \"extraordinary\" action in response to the proposed laws, which \"endanger free speech both in the United States and abroad, and set a frightening precedent of internet censorship for the world.\"Wikipedia, available in 282 languages, contains more than 20 million articles contributed by more than 100,000 volunteers around the world.The so-called blackout day to protest anti-piracy legislation is \"abuse of power given the freedoms these companies enjoy in the marketplace today,\" Christopher Dodd , chairman of the Motion Picture Association of America, said today in an e-mailed statement.\"It's a dangerous and troubling development when the platforms that serve as gateways to information intentionally skew the facts to incite their users in order to further their corporate interests,\" said Dodd, a Connecticut Democrat who served three decades in the Senate.'Publicity stunt' Representative Lamar Smith, a Texas Republican who sponsored the House measure, also criticised the planned Wikipedia shutdown.\"The bill will not harm Wikipedia, domestic blogs or social networking sites,\" Smith, the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, said today in an e-mailed statement. \"This publicity stunt does a disservice to its users by promoting fear instead of facts.\"Smith said he expects his committee to resume debate over the Stop Online Piracy Act in February and didn't provide a date for when the panel would act.The administration of President Barack Obama said in a blog post on Jan. 14 that it wouldn't support legislation that encourages censorship, undermines cybersecurity or disrupts the structure of the Internet.Vote pending The blog post, by three White House technology officials, marked the administration's most significant foray into the fight between content creators and Web companies playing out in Congress. The Senate is scheduled to hold a procedural vote Jan. 24 on starting debate on the Protect IP Act.News Corp Chairman Rupert Murdoch called Google a \"piracy leader\" in a Jan. 14 post on Twitter, saying it streams movies for free and sells advertisements around them. A day later he wrote on Twitter that Google is a \"great company doing many exciting things. Only one complaint, and it's important.\"Miranda Higham, a News Corp spokeswoman, declined to comment.Smith, the Google spokeswoman, said the company respects copyright. \"Last year we took down 5 million infringing Web pages from our search results and invested more than $60 million in the fight against bad ads,\" she said in an e-mail.The House Judiciary Committee debated the Stop Online Piracy Act during a 12-hour hearing last month in which lawmakers offered 60 amendments to the legislation. Panel members voted on about half of those amendments before the session was adjourned.Removing provision Smith, the Judiciary Committee chairman, said January 13 that he would remove a provision that would require internet-service providers, when ordered by a court, to block access to non-US websites offering pirated content.Senator Patrick Leahy , a Vermont Democrat who leads the Senate Judiciary Committee, said January 12 that he's willing to consider dropping a similar provision from the bill he sponsored. Opponents say such website-blocking may harm the stability of the internet's domain-name system.The Senate measure cleared Leahy's committee in May and awaits consideration by the full chamber.The Senate bill is S. 968 and the House bill is H.R. 3261.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11534476", "title": "15-year-old boy rapes 11-yr-old girl", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In a shocking incident, a minor girl was allegedly raped by a 15-year-old boy near Loco area, railway station under Civil Lines police station on Monday night. The case came to light when the victim narrated her woes to the family and further lodged an FIR in this connection.Inspector, Civil Lines, Ram Prakash Bajpai told the victim, a 11-year-old girl along with her family members had come Moradabad to attend a marriage function at a local club. On late Monday evening, a 15-year-old boy, who was reportedly part of the marriage party, had enticed the minor girl towards the loco area and raped her.Inspector added that victim told the series of incidences to her family members who approached the police. The girl was later sent for medical examination.Police also added that the police have paraded the youths but the girl was yet to ascertain the identity of the accused. A case under section 376 of IPC has been lodged in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11535543", "title": "Property worth Rs 20cr gutted in fire at factory", "text": "KANPUR: A major fire broke out at a chemical factory, situated in Panki area, on Tuesday morning. It was only in the evening hours that over 19 fire-tenders finally managed to douse the flames. By then, the flames had gutted the four-storeyed building of the factory, with loss worth over Rs 20 crore reported to the factory-owner.Shiv Dash Prasad, fire station officer, Meerpur Cantt Fire Station, said, \"We had to use foam and water to douse the inferno. It was around 8.00pm that the fire could be extinguished, but as a precaution to avoid any further mishap, four fire-tenders have been positioned outside the factory.\" It would take nearly a week for the debris to be removed from the chemical factory site, he added.The gravity of the fire mishap could be gauged from the fact that the chemical stored in the tanks in the factory spilt over on the road and damaged a major portion of it. The chemical spill was a threat to safety of locals and also made the task of firefighters tougher. The situation was so critical that the movement of the trains on the Delhi-Howrah rail line passing from the area had to be suspended for sometime. Sensing the gravity of the incident, fire-tenders from Meerpur, La Touche Road, and Fazalganj fire stations were sent to the spot. Initially, the firefighters were unable to enter the building due to intensity of the flames. A dark cloud of smoke could be seen emanating from the premises. The fire-tenders had to take turns in filling their empty tanks for dousing the flames, but they could not save the factory building from collapsing.Several senior district and police officials had reached the spot on Tuesday to take stock of the situation. Talking to TOI, Sumit Agarwal, MD, Sumit Chemicals, said that the loss was irrecoverable and such a chemical factory could not be set up again. The distraught owner said that though the premises was equipped with the firefighting gadgets, but as it was a major fire, such measures were of no help. He said that the cause of the fire was yet to be known.\"It was after several years of hard work that we had erected such a factory. Now there is nothing left in the factory except debris. We have suffered a loss of around Rs 15-Rs 20 crore,\" said Sumit Agarwal.Notably, chemicals like zinc oxide and different stearates were manufactured in the factory as products and these products are further used in the manufacturing of paints, rubber and plastics. ADM City, S K Singh, who was present at the spot, confirmed that there was no casualty, so far. In fact, even the workers of the six factories lying in the vicinity of Sumit Chemicals were evacuated.Meanwhile, the eyewitnesses claimed that they had heard a loud sound before witnessing flames.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "11535076", "title": "Training programme on Geostatistics", "text": "DHANBAD: A five-day training programme on \"A Primer on Geostatistics\" organized jointly by the department of science and technology, the Centre and the Indian School of Mines here began at the ISM on Tuesday.Under the programme, 25 scientists and technologists working in the government sector will be trained. The experts from 14 different organisations and ministries under the central and state governments are attending the programme.According to Dr B C Sarkar, head of the department of applied geology in ISN, the subjects to be covered during the programme are basic concepts of mineral deposits, practices of distribution and modelling of mineral deposits and mineral inventory and grade tonnage relationships.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531409", "title": "HoDs may soon have four-yr stint at AIIMS", "text": "NEW DELHI: The tenure of the head of the departments of India's premiere All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) may soon be restricted to four years.For the first time, the Institute's governing body on Monday cleared the proposal for rotating HODs.The GB said it supports the idea in principle and will soon create a committee to work out the modalities. At present, a professor can stay as the HOD till he retires.\"The tenure of HODs will now be fixed. On completion of term, the next most senior professor will take charge. We are working on the modalities now. We are yet to decide whether the tenure will be for two years of four years,\" a ministry official said. The proposal has been met with mixed reactions. While some faculty members welcomed it, others said, \"it would lead to instability within departments.\"\"The GB should not roll it out immediately. Some time must be given for the transition to take place,\" a faculty member told TOI. This was one of the recommendations made by the M S Valiathan committee appointed by prime minister Manmohan Singh .The recommendation had said, \"Headships of departments should be rotated every five years.\"The call to implement the recommendations of the M S Valiathan committee also got louder on the eve of the meeting. The ministry had set up the committee on July 11, 2006 under the chairmanship of Prof Valiathan, former director, Sri Chitra Tirunal Institute of Medical Sciences and Research, Thiruvanathapuram, to study the functioning of AIIMS and to make recommendations for its further development.The committee had consultations with experts and submitted it to the ministry on October 10, 2006. The report made 38 recommendations, broadly categorized into two parts - those not requiring structural changes through amendments in AIIMS Act, Rules and Regulations (31 recommendations) and those requiring structural changes through amendments in AIIMS Act, Rules and Regulations (7 recommendations).One of the most important recommendations by the committee said the Union health minister should not be the head of the institute as it presently is.This, the committee said, destroyed autonomy. It said, \"It would no longer be practical or productive for the minister of health to preside over individual institutions. The committee therefore recommended that the minister may preside over joint council of AIIMS, PGI and other AIIMS-type institutions, which should be created for this purpose.\"The committee also said the standing committees should be reconstituted. The period of the service of the members other than ex-officio members should be limited to one term in the Institute Body and the standing committee. The selection for the director's post should be done by a search-cum-selection committee headed by the president of the Institute and consisting of the director general of health services, director general of ICMR, vice chancellor of the Delhi University and four members of the Institute Body who are nominated. The recommendations also include - for 5 years of completed service where a professor has been academically and scientifically productive, he/she should be granted sabbatical leave for one year to be spent in any institution of learning in India or abroad. For assistant professors/associate professors who have innovative ideas for research, seed money up to Rs 100,000 should be granted to undertake a study or do a pilot project.The GB also pushed for a collegiums type of arrangement under which a group of professors will jointly engage in planning the activities of the department as against the HOD taking all the shots. The meeting meanwhile has created a flutter by allowing 39 faculty members for promotion. According to some members of the faculty, the 39 in question weren't cleared for promotion and were deemed unfit. \"Giving promotion to these faculty members who were deemed unfit would hit the root of this center of excellence,\" a ministry official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11536295", "title": "Will wait for Pakistani parliament review to be over: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US has said it will wait for the outcome of the Pakistani parliamentary committee review of the nature of bilateral ties, insisting that it is unlikely to go beyond the deep regret which it expressed for the deadly November 26 Nato air strikes.\"I believe that the Parliamentary review is still ongoing, so we'll wait and see the outcome of that,\" State Department spokesman Mark Toner told reporters.Toner said that he is unaware of fresh conditions being imposed by Pakistan on the US.He was responding to questions on news reports that the Defense Coordination Committee of the Pakistan cabinet in a meeting has demanded an apology and they are specifically going to put some new taxes and custom clearance mechanism in Peshawar for Nato supplies.\"I'm not aware of the customs regulations regarding Nato supplies. The parliamentary review is still ongoing, so we'll wait and see the outcome of that,\" Toner said.\"We have been very clear since this report was done following the November 26 incident, expressing our regret, our condolences, our sympathies to the Pakistani people, pledging to work more cooperatively with the Pakistani military to ensure that these kinds of incidents don't happen in the future,\" the official noted.The US relations with Pakistan suffered a setback after a deadly Nato strike last November that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers on the Pak-Afghan border.Following the attack, Pakistan blocked Nato supply routes from its soil, asked US to vacate Shamshi air base and said it will review its rules of engagement with the Washington.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531271", "title": "Lost cash, passports and ATM cards found, thanks to auto-drivers", "text": "NEW DELHI: It is not every day that you expect your lost valuables to be returned to you, intact. But Kamaluddin, who has been driving an auto for the past eight years, did just that. The 38-year-old auto driver returned Rs 65,000, 650 euros and two passports to a German couple who had forgotten their bag in his auto. Another auto driver, Rafid (32), returned a purse containing Rs 3,500, five ATM cards and other valuables to a school teacher he had ferried to Sarita Vihar.Both had picked up their customers a few days ago near the Dilli Haat prepaid booth and claim that the divisional officer in charge of Dilli Haat, sub-inspector Padam Singh Pawar, had guided them. \"He has been educating auto drivers by telling them to be courteous to passengers and not refuse to ferry them around. There has been a sea change in service here since he took over,\" claimed Kamaluddin. Most Delhiites can easily remember several horror stories of long hunt for autos as most drivers would ply only on the routes they like or demand exorbitant fares.Kamaluddin had picked up the German couple near Dilli Haat and driven them to Qutub Minar. After dropping them off, he had reached the IIT gate when he discovered their bag in the back seat and drove back immediately. Upon reaching Qutub Minar, he was immediately spotted by the German couple who were frantically looking for the auto. \"They were waiting for me as they had hoped that I would still be outside the monument waiting for my next passenger. They even rewarded me with Rs 5,000 when I returned the bag to them,\" said a proud Kamaluddin.The German couple were overwhelmed by his gesture that the next three days, they insisted that Kamaluddin take them around the city on his auto. Each day, he would report to their hotel in Jorbagh for ferrying them around. \"They even insisted that I accompany them to Agra, where they were going in a taxi. They said they had found a friend in the city, and I was humbled by their kindness,\" said the happy auto driver.Kamaluddin, who has studied up to Class V, worked as a mason until he turned a driver. The family is originally from Uttar Pradesh but Kamaluddin was born in Delhi. \"I have been born in the city and grown up here and identify myself as a Delhiwala.\" He now lives in Usmanpur with his father, wife and two young sons.Rafid had picked up two lady passengers from the prepaid booth in the INA Market to ferry them to Sarita Vihar. \"After dropping them, I noticed a small purse that had fallen inside the auto. There was a school teacher's ID card in the purse and I returned it at the prepaid booth. They located the passenger who picked it up later from the prepaid booth. It is our duty to return lost articles,\" said the driver, who is a resident of Khichdipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11532579", "title": "UT to clear stand on security tents by Feb 15", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh administration on Tuesday informed the Punjab and Haryana High Court that it would clear its stand by February 15 on the issue regarding illegal structures being raised by the security personnel of the VVIPs in front of their houses in various sectors of the city.The assertions were made by the administration before a division bench of the high court headed by Justice M M Kumar. UT senior standing counsel Sanjay Kaushal informed the bench that the administration would clarify their policy on the matter by February 15. The issue had come up before the high court through a suo motu cognizance taken by the high court itself in 2009.Following HC intervention, the Chandigarh municipal corporation had informed the court that during a survey it was found that as many as 86 tents were pitched illegally in parks/MC land by the security personnel of the VVIPs following which a drive to remove them was carried in which 31 tents were removed.In a recent communication to the high court, the administration had stated that all tents pitched illegally would be removed.Justice Ranjit Singh of the high court on July 6, 2009, had taken suo motu cognizance and issued notice to the Chandigarh administration asking them to conduct a survey to check illegal encroachment on government land/parks outside VVIP's houses by the security staff.The court had also observed that while the administration had been very prompt in checking illegal constructions, silence in checking these irregularities committed by highly placed officials will certainly give an impression that these officials were above law. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11536797", "title": "Underworld was a big career changer for me: Kate Beckinsale", "text": "The UK born actress, Kate Beckinsale, who put a spell on the audience with her ferocious avatar of the werewolf-slaying vampire Selene in the film Underworld, is back in action with its fourth sequel called as \"Underworld Awakening\". The sequel will be the first 3D film in the franchise and will feature Kate as the vampire warrioress who leads the battle against humankind. In an exclusive interview with TOI.com Kate spoke about her upcoming film 'Underworld Awakening'It was nearly nine years ago that the prequel of Underworld Awakening was shot. What according to you is a factor that has made the series so popular? I think people really like it when a female-driven action movie works because it's so unusual that it does. I remember loving Alien because of how empowering it was to see Sigourney Weaver actually do all that. Every TV show, every movie, every book, has got vampires and werewolves in it now, which is weird. I remember when Len (Beckinsale's husband and Underworld co-creator, Len Wiseman) first sent the script he was saying \"We've had vampire movies, we've had werewolf movies, but we haven't had a mainstream movie with both of them in it.\" It seems amazing that somebody could ever have said that given the climate we're in now.This is the first film in the franchise to be shot in 3D, how was the experience while shooting it? I actually really like 3D. I loved Harry Potter so much - that last movie - I thought it was brilliant. But I do notice that the movies where I enjoy it tend to have been shot in 3D, rather than converted later. So I was very glad when I learned that that was how we were going to do this, not having any idea how that would actually affect us on set. And it didn't, really, apart from having a little bit more time waiting around, just because the cameras are so extremely sensitive and sometimes have to be tinkered with.How was your experience working with the Two Swedish directors? Two Swedish guys, Mans (Marlind) and Bjorn (Stein). They'd done a film called Shelter together (starring Julianne Moore; 2010). They're also very good friends and have this incredible system where they take turns behind the camera on alternate days. On Monday it's Mans and Bjorn is silent, and then on Tuesday it's Bjorn and Mans is silent. And you think, 'How are they going to keep that up?' But they do.... There are so many peripheral things involved in being a director than what you're actually shooting. It can be frustrating. You've either got someone coming up and asking what you want for a shot in three-weeks time or it's 'Can you come into the edit and have a look at something.' The way they work, the one who's not directing can do all that stuff so that the person who's directing can be completely present.There are people out there who are unfamiliar with the franchise. How does the film befit them? All the characters basically, apart from me, are new. So the fans of the series are meeting them for the first time, just as much as people who've never seen it before. So I think it should work on both levels.How different is this film from its prequels? Well it's pretty different. In the previous films the humans weren't really aware of all this going on, whereas in this movie it's become almost recognized as a kind of plague. Now they're being purged. By the time I wake from my 12 year cryo-freeze, the whole world has changed. So I'm starting the movie kind of like the audience is, going, 'What the hell is going on here?'How has the character of Selene evolved in the past nine years? Selene definitely started out as someone who was very sure of who was a good guy, who was a bad guy, and what her position was. Over the course of various betrayals and surprises, she's a little less like that. Given that she's learned that 'all is not as it seems,' she's a little bit more guarded than she initially was.What is the most attractive thing about your role? Selene's got these warrior skills and everything, but she's still very much female. She was kind of a lone wolf, rebellious and yet very passionate. She had a lot of good stuff. I just felt there was a lot there that was rather endearing in an odd way. And certainly for me, just in terms of my career, I was sort of frustrated at finding that every time I went for a movie where the character was a cop or something, they'd say, \"Well she's very soft and British... We sort of think of her more in a period movie.\" So for me it was really a question of seeing if I could pull it off or if they were right.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535823", "title": "Preetika's nocturnal adventures", "text": "Work and fun go hand in hand for Preetika. The Chikku Bhukku actress was in Singapore recently to shoot for her debut Kannada project, Rebel, and made full use of her free time.Instead of partying the night away, she went on a safari in the Singapore Zoo, a trip she claims is an \"once-in-a-lifetime\" experience.Says the actress, \"I was shooting in Singapore two weeks ago and my sister, Amrita Rao told me about this night safari that she went on. It's at the award-winning Singapore Zoo and the only way you can travel across this man-made forest is on a tram. It also happens to host over 3000 animals in their natural habitat. I got to watch animals like the Malayan tapir, Indian wolves, hippopotamus, red river hog, striped hyena, himalayan tahe, mousedeer, flamingoes, tigers, lions and African elephants from a distance of 30 feet! The best part of the safari was the live commentary by an expert guide, who enlightened us on the lifestyles and habits of these animals.\"She continues, \"The safari is open only after 8 pm and it was an amazing experience to see the animals in their moon-lit habitat. This trip is an absolute must for every animal lover!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11531579", "title": "Gulzar mesmerises HCU", "text": "HYDERABAD: The University of Hyderabad played host to Gulzar on the occasion of the release of his Hindi book, 'Deodhi', on Tuesday. Speaking on the occasion, Gopichand Narang, professor emeritus, Delhi University , said that the literary characteristic in Gulzar's work is unique. He said that while the quality of work of poets who join the film industry deteriorates over time, it wasn't the case with Gulzar. He added that the acclaimed writer-poet was a cut above the rest and has not only done justice to his work as a lyricist but has also excelled as poet extraordinaire.Reading passages of poetry from his book sketching various themes such as the lives of the people of Mumbai as well as expressing his love for Urdu, Gulzar said, \"Awam ki zuban mey likhta hoon, nasha aata hai Urdu bolne mey (I write in the language of the common man, speaking in Urdu intoxicates me).\" He also said that the intimate relationship readers had with books of poetry and prose is rapidly deteriorating. Poetess Sukrita Paul and professor Gopichand Narang pointed out that unlike many who have injected communalism into their belief of the purity of language, both in Hindi and Urdu, a steady trickle of the cohesive Hindustani is found in Gulzar's poetry, lyrics, stories and scripts. They said that Gulzar's work transcends boundaries of separatist agendas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11532483", "title": "Manuel's kin arrive in Goa with his body", "text": "MARGAO: After meeting authorities concerned and completing all formalities including collecting the postmortem report, the brother and cousin of late Manuel Pereira arrived in Goa with the body of the deceased on Tuesday and have decided against an inquiry as they wish to close this tragic chapter of their lives.The brother and cousin had left to Mumbai on Sunday evening after the Margao police visited their residence at Marlem, Borda, and conveyed to them the tragic news.The body of the deceased was found hanging from a nylon rope near Chatrapati Shivaji International Airport at Sahar after he landed from Dubai on Sunday morning. The Mumbai police had declared that it was a case of suicide and has suspected that Manuel was upset that his visa was cancelled in Dubai.While the distraught family is still shocked and are still in the dark as to the motive behind the incident, they have decided to 'let the soul of Manuel rest in peace' and in that respect, the funeral services will be held at St Joaquim Chapel, Borda, at 4pm on January 18.The family members however still rue the fact that they had no prior information of Manuel's troubled state of mind as they feel that they could have averted such a situation from taking place.The late Manuel had left Goa in August 2011 and was not expected to return for 'at least one or two years' and had last spoken to his parents, two sisters and brother during the recently-concluded Christmas season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11533178", "title": "Pollution board fails to perform", "text": "BANGALORE: In a rare administrative action, the state government could soon supersede the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board for repeated non-compliance of the Comptroller &amp; Auditor General of India's observations.The board's recent failure includes utilization of only 5% of Rs 100 crore given by the Centre for pollution-control measures and 46 polluting industries functioning in the vicinity of the Thippagondanahalli reservoir despite a ban on development activities around it.Taking serious note of the lapses, the ecology and environment department issued a show-cause notice to board chairman AS Sadashiva stating that none of the listed duties are being performed by the board and therefore the government would supersede it.In a sharp remark, CAG said the board has also failed to draw up a concrete action plan to address pollution-related issues since its inception . \"KSPCB did not maintain a proper list of polluting sources. As the sewage network in Bangalore Metropolitan Region was poor and inadequate, 53% of sewage generated was discharged directly into storm water drains and lakes and this contaminated water bodies and ground water. It's because of lack of an action plan by the board,\" J Krishna Palemar, environment and ecology minister said. He added that the board has failed miserably to prevent illegal mining.The audit observed that of the Rs 100.09 crore given by the Centre to KSPCB during 2005-10 , Rs 68.54 crore was spent on administrative expenses and Rs 4.98 crore (5%) spent on laboratories , pollution awareness programmes , spatial environment programmes , etc.\"Of the balance of Rs 208.03 crore over the years, Rs 121.01 crore had been invested in fixed deposit as of March 2010,\" it said. \"KSPCB has not conducted any survey to identify polluting industries. It has not draw up any comprehensive plan for preventing or controlling water and air pollution. Ineffective identification of polluting sources enabled many polluting units to operate,\" Palemar said.The CAG reported that despite a ban on developmental activities, unauthorized establishment and operation of a large number of industries in the catchment area of the Thipp a g o n d a n a - halli reservoir, which provides 125 MLD of water to B a n g a l o re city, are functioning .The audit found that 46 industrial units (12 highly polluting, 6 moderately polluting and 28 least polluting) were operating in Zone-3 (area within 1km from the river banks of Arkavathi and Kumudavathi ). Apart from 46 industrial units, 46 godowns, 12 layouts and 3 colleges were functioning.Terming it a \"routine matter\" , board chairman Sadashiva said the notice was issued to the board, not to any individual. \"We have replied to the notice,\" he said, but declined to elaborate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11533156", "title": "NAC plans shelters for 3 lakh homeless", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Sonia Gandhi-led National Advisory Council has recommended a Rs 4,250-crore programme to provide shelters and other amenities to the homeless in Class 1 cities.TOI has repeatedly campaigned for providing shelters to the homeless. The NAC has suggested the National Programme for Shelters and Other Services for Urban Homeless to set up 6,800 permanent shelters for around 3 lakh homeless-15% of the estimated population living in the open across urban India.The council , moving further with its 'rights framework'-based programmes,has suggested that the scheme be run on a 75-25% cost-sharing basis between the Centre and states, with the Union government bearing the entire capital cost.The government's think-tank has recommended that all 499 one lakh-plus cities be covered under the 12{+t}{+h} Five-Year Plan with the scheme becoming completely operational by the third year of the plan, covering 15% of the overall homeless population, which is 1% of the total urban population.But keeping in mind the model code of conduct, which is in force due to the assembly elections in five states, the council has decided not to make an official announcement of its recommendations as it usually does.The shelters are to be built after preparing a city plan to ensure that they are built near areas where the homeless are concentrated and using new and existing infrastructure. The council said the shelters, unlike most of the current ones, should include amenities such as bedding, toilets, drinking water, lockers, first aid, primary health, de-addiction and recreation facilities.The NAC has recommended the setting up of a special mission for the urban homeless at the state level headed by the chief secretary and a city-level committee to oversee the work. The shelters could be run by civil society organizations as well as public or private sector companies on a bidding basis. The NAC has suggested that homeless people, regardless of whether they stay in the shelters or not, should be automatically entitled to BPL identification, PDS ration cards, bank or post office accounts, admission to government schools and hospitals free of cost without the need for any other document.In a suggestion meant to ensure that the shelters do not become the end objective either for the homeless or the states, the NAC has said that under the programme, the state government and urban bodies will be duty-bound to attempt to assist all homeless residents of shelters to move to higher levels of housing such as working men's hostels, working women's hostels, old persons' homes or affordable individual housing. Also, it has said that the homeless should get priority in social and public housing schemes such as Rajiv Awas Yojana or any other government programme, preferably within three years of their entry into shelters, or application, whichever is earlier.The council is keen to get the scheme implemented in view of the abject failure of states to set up shelters despite Supreme Court orders and constant monitoring. The apex court commissioners' report had noted that only three states, including Delhi, had achieved more than half their mandated target of shelters and some had even willfully disobeyed its orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11531569", "title": "Ajit Pawar cleared of model code breach", "text": "THANE: The state election commission on Tuesday gave a clean chit to deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar who was accused of flouting the election code of conduct.Opposition parties had protested over Pawar's presence as chief guest at the bhoomi-poojan of a flyover project in Pune after the model code of conduct had come into effect.Pawar subsequently explained to the state EC that he had visited the project site in a private vehicle and that it was a party programme.Moreover, there were no party flags or hoardings on the spot that could influence the locals. Election commissioner Neela Satyanarayan said the \"issue is now over\" since she is satisfied with Pawar's clarifications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531763", "title": "Congress has to contend with five strong rebels in Punjab fray", "text": "New Delhi: Congress has managed to rein in rebels but five strong in-house opponents remain in Punjab, complicating the party's task of putting up a united fight against the ruling Akali Dal combine.On the last day of withdrawal of nominations, Congress could bring down the rebels to 13 from 38. Of these, sources said, five had the stature to spoil the party's fortunes by contesting as independents. With the swing for Congress being narrow even in victories in Punjab, any indirect help to Akalis is sure to rankle the party.There is a sense of relief in Congress that the rebels have been pared down to a smaller number, a comforting thought from the worry shown in the immediate aftermath of announcement of tickets.AICC general secretary B K Hariprasad was dispatched to the state to coordinate firefighting. The number of party rebels stood at 38 which later came down to 28. However, after the last date of withdrawal of nominations on Monday, 13 remain in the fray.The rebel situation seems to have gripped all parties in the cut-throat battle for Punjab. Akali Dal faces trouble despite strong action by deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal against the dissidents.Congress leaders argue that the party's hopes rarely rise beyond 65 seats even in winning situations. The small elbow room gives the rebels disproportionate leverage as spoilers, raising apprehension among the cadre. It can help the rival in offsetting some anti-incumbency and that is the reason why a smaller number of strong rebels is seen as a big relief.The situation in Congress got hyped after the breaking away of former chief minister Amarinder Singh's brother Malvinder Singh who joined rival Akali Dal. Otherwise, the party was more worried about dissent elsewhere. It required great deal of persuasion to rein in rebels with senior AICC leaders dispatched to coordinate.Congress chief Amarinder Singh, however, reasoned that while rebels had to be discouraged, their growing number showed that the party was expected to win and there was higher hope among leaders to be part of the power structure.Sources said a large number of discontented leaders were mollified with assurances of being adjusted if the party came to power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11535571", "title": "Nigerian students complain of racial discrimination in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: A group of 58 Nigerians who have come on student visas to Kerala has complained about \"racial discrimination\" by the residents of an apartment in Thrikkakara where they have been staying for the last one month.These students from Niger Delta have lodged a complaint in this regard with the chief minister, the home secretary and the director general of police (DGP).On Tuesday, they met city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar and raised the issue.In the complaint, they have alleged that \"a few anti-socials in the apartment are threatening us with dire consequences. They are discriminating against us by calling us Negros and Blacks.\"These Africans are here for training at a private institution, Euro Tech Maritime Academy, and are being sponsored by the Government of Nigeria.\"We have been briefed about the cultural values of India by our government. We know the dos and don'ts here. However, a few people in the apartment have been targeting us unnecessarily,\" said Andy Toboro, the leader of the group of 55 students, two cooks and a programme coordinator.He said they were here on student visa for learning pipeline welding at the academy. \"We are here for an eight-month course. Our accommodation at the apartment was arranged by the academy. We have been staying here from December 15,\" Toboro added.\"It is for the first time that we are coming to India, and we are really sad at the manner in which we have been treated by the locals,\" said Tonye Dick, another member of the group. \"There are no female members in the group. We had been interacting freely with the locals earlier. But things turned worse in the last couple of days,\" he added.When contacted, academy executive director Babu Joseph said the institution had taken the apartment on rent to lodge the Nigerian students. \"We have appointed local staff at the apartment to check the activities of these students. Above all, there are surveillance cameras at the apartment. The locals have been behaving rudely with the students. We have also decided to lodge a complaint with the State Human Rights Commission,\" he added.Probe: Police, in the meanwhile, have launched a probe into the complaint filed by locals at the Thrikkakara police station against the Nigerians students alleging that ten persons among the group had appeared nude on the balcony of the apartment. Police officials said they had been probing the complaint in detail and no statement could be made at this point of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11532950", "title": "Anti-graft panel may spell more trouble for Gilani", "text": "ISLAMABAD: In yet another embarrassment for the beleaguered Pakistan government, the supreme court today suspended the licence of a lawyer close to president Asif Ali Zardari , as PM Yousaf Raza Gilani faced the possibility of a case being filed against him for alleged misuse of authority.The apex court temporarily suspended the lawyer's licence of Babar Awan, a former law minister and the president's close aide, who is acting as the government's lawyer in several high-profile cases for failing to respond to a contempt notice.An 11-judge bench headed by the chief justice Iftikhar Chaudhry suspended Awan's licence.Pakistan's main anti-corruption watchdog is considering a proposal for filing a case of misuse of authority against PM Gilani under which he could face a prison term of 14 years if convicted.The National Accountability Bureau (NAB) is contemplating filing a case against Gilani in connection with the appointment of Adnan Khwaja as chairman of the state-run Oil and Gas Development Company even though Khwaja had already been convicted by court. Gilani and Khwaja were detained in jail together during the previous regime of president Musharraf. NAB chairman Fasih Bokhari told the News daily that action will be taken in cases of alleged illegal appointments made on the orders of the premier under the law and rules.Former establishment secretary Ismail Qureshi, recently arrested on graft charges and released on bail, has reportedly told NAB investigators that Gilani and his principal secretary Nargis Sethi were responsible for Khwaja's appointment. NAB sources said Gilani had violated a section of the NAB law that carries a jail term of up to 14 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jaipur/new delhi", "code": "11531945", "title": "Wary Gehlot meets PC on Rushdie visit", "text": "JAIPUR/NEW DELHI: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Tuesday confirmed that his government was concerned about the repercussions of celebrated author Salman Rushdie's visit on law and order in the state.Gehlot, who apprised Union home minister P Chidambaram of his fears, told reporters that his government respected the sentiments of those who don't wish Rushdie to attend the Jaipur Literature Festival, and was anxious to avert a law and order situation.\"There are security concerns in Jaipur as a few Muslim organizations met me to express reservations about the author's visit. They have also threatened to organize protests. Moreover, a breakdown of law and order is also not ruled out,\" he said.\"No state government will want a law and order situation. I have informed the Centre about the prevailing sentiments,\" he added without sharing any details on the Centre's views.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11532454", "title": "Rupee drop makes realty attractive for NRIs", "text": "BANGALORE: Many NRIs are teaming up with like-minded buyers on real estate group buying sites to shop for flats in India. The cheaper rupee and deep discounts offered by developers through these portals has triggered a substantial jump in property-related enquiries from NRIs in the US, UK and the Middle East in the last three months.London-based Nayan Bhavishi has poured more money into the real estate market in the country than in any other geography or asset category . An avid real estate investor , Bhavishi snapped up two ready-to-move-in flats in Vaastu project in Thane for Rs 1.20 crore through real estate portal Groffr.com. \"I was scouting for properties in India and stumbled upon this site offering good discounts. I got 25% discount on my property purchases and the exchange rate at Rs 84 to a pound was a big draw,\" he said. Bhavishi said he bought the property at Rs 4,200 per sq ft when the rates in neighbouring properties were between Rs 5,800 and 6,000.In an increasingly tough environment, developers are warming up to group housing portals. Sandesh Wadhwa, cofounder of group-buying portal groupbookings.in, said many people sitting on the fence have swung into action in the last three months. \"There is more demand coming from NRIs for mid-sized housing projects in Gurgaon, Bangalore, Hyderabad and Chennai,\" he said.Sandeep Reddy, co-founder of Groffr.com, said the website has seen a healthy sales conversion rate in the last two months primarily driven by NRIs. \"The mood among NRI investors is buoyant as they now need to spend fewer dollars or pounds for the same property. The sub-Rs 60 lakh properties are most in demand ,\" he added.Vaibhav Sharma, assistant professor of finance at Winthrop University in South Carolina, has booked two flats in Gurgaon through groupbookings .in. \"If I were to invest in the US, the property value would fetch me a negative return. It's a good time to enter the Indian real estate market, where I think I can expect at least 6% annualized returns in the residential space,\" he said.Sharma's purchase decision was also driven by the favourable exchange rate. He bought the flats last September when the rupee was close to 50 to a dollar. \"I also received a 10% discount by signing up on the portal. I didn't have to haggle or make several house hunting trips,\" Sharma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11467276", "title": "Tableau on Tagore at Republic Day function", "text": "PATNA: The tableaux to be displayed at the Republic Day function at Gandhi Maidan this year would include one on Kabiguru Rabindranath Tagore.The tableau on the theme, \"Rabindranath Tagore's 150th birth anniversary and his ties with Bihar\", would depict the major events of Tagore's stay in Bihar and his close ties with the state. \"The district administration has finalized the tableau's theme. However, its final look is yet to be approved,\" said Rakesh Kumar, assistant director, information and public relations department.On Republic Day, a group of girls dancing to the accompaniment of Rabindrasangeet would be followed by a truck carrying a life-size statue of Tagore. The tableau would include a replica of Santiniketan with students studying under a tree; standing at the senate and holding their degrees. Tagore's collection of poems, Gitanjali, would also be displayed.Tagore made his first visit to Patna along with his dance-drama troupe 'Chitrangada' in 1936. At that time, he also collected funds for Visva-Bharati University. He was felicitated at the Wheeler Senate Hall of Patna University on March 17, 1936.According to sources, at least 13 government departments have so far evinced interest in displaying their tableaux at the function at Gandhi Maidan. Of them, 10 have submitted their proposals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11532259", "title": "Two in forest dept net for bid to poach cranes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two persons were arrested by the forest department officials in Kodinar taluka of Junagadh for an abortive attempt to poach demoiselle cranes.This was the second such incident in the taluka in less then a fortnight. The two arrested have been identified as Aslam Alarakha Kharai (31) and Faraz Jhakhub Kharai (24), both residents of Mul Dwarka in Kodinar taluka.Forest department officials received a tip off from Prakruti Nature club on Monday night. After a five-hour watch in the area, at about 1.45 am on Tuesday the two accused, who came out from the Bharda Bhandhara, were arrested.Dinesh Goswami, a member of the club said, \"We got information that two people entered the area which has large number of demoiselle cranes. They also had a small boat with them. Immediately our volunteers rushed to the spot and kept a watch. The forest department was informed and a team of officials rushed to the site.\"Goswami said that the modus operandi of the two was similar to the earlier incident in the same area. The duo used two huge plastic kites with a light fishing net tied between the strings of the two kites. Once the kites were stable, the poachers would scare the birds and trap them in the net. The trapped birds were then killed.Goswami said that the duo made several attempts to fly kites, but since there was no wind, they failed. Finally late in the night, the two came out of the Bhandhara where they were caught by the waiting foresters and volunteers. \"We recovered a small boat, nets, nylon threads, and kites and a knife from them,\" said a forest official.The department had earlier this month arrested five fishermen for their involvement in poaching of 11 demoiselle cranes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11535322", "title": "Freedom fighter Tileswar Bordoloi passes away", "text": "JORHAT: Tileswar Bordoloi, noted freedom fighter, passed away at Jorhat Mission Hospital at around 11.20 pm on Monday. He was 88.Born on October 19, 1924, at Pokamura in Jorhat district, Bordoloi took part in the Gandhi-led Quit India Movement in 1942. He was sent to jail several times during the movement and was arrested seven times in 1942. Bordoloi was recognized as a freedom fighter by the Centre in 1972. He also received awards from both APJ Abdul Kalam and Prathibha Patil .Bordoloi was also a journalist in vernacular dailies and a teacher. He was associated with organizations like Rastriya Majdur Congress, Rowriah Banua Unnayan Prasikhan Kendra and Muktijujaru Sanmilan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531243", "title": "Autistic kids need support from family, school", "text": "NEW DELHI: As a child, Stephen M Shore was unable to communicate properly and had difficulty in understanding what his teachers said. Today, he is a professor at a US university. Shore, a self-advocate of autism, travels across the world to create awareness about the disabling condition.Addressing a two-day workshop on autism at India Habitat Centre, Shore said, \"Every child suffering from the condition can improve provided he or she gets a supportive environment at home and in school. I was a reclusive child; I didn't speak to my classmates. I was a slow-learner. But with some help from my parents and teachers, I was able to overcome the difficulties,\" said Shore, assistant professor at Adelphi University , US.Shore said that autism presents itself during the first three years of a person's life. \"People with autism have issues with non-verbal communication, social interaction and activities that include elements of play. For example, some children may not be able to concentrate because of the lighting in the classroom. Under an alternative arrangement, where the lights can be switched off, the child can easily learn without any glitches,\" he said.Dr Nidhi Singhal from Action for Autism, an NGO that organized the workshop, said while there is no cure for autism, early diagnosis and supportive therapy can make a huge difference in the lives of many children. There are more than two million children suffering from autism in India.Scores of parents and schoolteachers also participated in the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11535168", "title": "TCS eyeing growth across all verticals", "text": "MUMBAI: Country's largest software exporter TCS said it has witnessed growth in all its market geographies and across all verticals.\"...all our markets have witnessed growth, whether it is US, UK, Europe, India, Asia Pacific or Latin America. All our markets have grown sequentially. We have grown across all verticals, whether it is banking, retail or manufacturing.\"Services have also seen a pretty balanced growth. We have also had a good uptake in enterprise solutions, in addition to some growth in consulting as well,\" TCS CEO and MD N Chandrasekharan said. He said the company saw more growth coming from the telecom vertical.\"Last quarter I had said that telecom has grown, but we need one or two quarters of growth. I would say deal closure has been very good. So even though you don't see a substantial growth in the current quarter, telecom is going to do well going forward,\" he said.He said that services like infrastructure have done well consistently. In terms of deals, he said that the company has signed ten large deals during the period- two each from banking and retail, and one each across all the other sectors like insurance, and life sciences.\"Our deal pipeline looks healthy and we continue to hire people. We have hired 11,981 people during this quarter. We have added 40 new clients,\" Chandrasekharan said.He also said that while technology budgets of clients are still being set for the next fiscal year, there is little doubt that technology is a key resource to help global businesses optimise their operations and fuel growth in the current economic climate.\"We continue to focus on managing our operations optimally in the face of increased external volatility. We have increased operating margins significantly by taking the benefits of growth, exchange movements and by keeping a strong focus on cost management,\" TCS CFO S Mahalingam said.He said that while rupee depreciation aided margin expansion, net earnings were hurt due to foreign exchange losses. TCS said it had a forex loss of Rs 300.81 crore in the third quarter, versus a gain of Rs 52.16 crore in the year ago quarter.\"The level of currency and market volatility has only risen in the past three months and we are adapting our strategies accordingly,\" Mahalingam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "11535062", "title": "Engineers to be hauled up for MGNREGA fault", "text": "DHANBAD: Deputy commissioner S K Burnwal has recommended action against assistant engineer (AE) and junior engineer (JE) of Govindpur for alleged irregularities in the execution of works under Mahatama Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA). He has asked Govindpur BDO to chargesheet them and recover the excess money sanctioned.The DC had ordered an inquiry into different works under the scheme in Govindpur block, following a complaint received from local MLA Phulchand Mandal and found the allegations true. The inquiry was conducted by ADM (law and order), who in his report found that inferior quality materials were used and excess money was paid.According to the DC, the administration had sanctioned renovation of Jetu Mahto tank and it was found that 8,3,285 feet of earth was not excavated, but payment was made for the work. The tank has a size of 52,000 sq feet, but during the probe, it was found its size was reduced to 30,000 feet and payment was made for the excess size. Responsibility should be fixed on the assistant engineer concerned and junior engineer and money be recovered from them. They should be chargesheeted, said the DC. tnnHe found irregularities in deepening of another tank at Kakarcharri, too. The engineers had made excess payment in this case too, the AE and the junior engineer be charge sheeted, recommended the DC.The DC also found poor implementation of the scheme on Ghorbadih-Aamtal road also. The width of the road constructed under the scheme was less compared to the estimates approved by the government. Machine was used to dig earth. The report said the tank dug up in Khartand was also of poor quality. The Badladehi-Keritand road had substandard metals and at different points the road had caved in within weeks of construction.The DC said strong will action be taken against the engineers and all of them should be chargesheeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11530262", "title": "Portugal's Supreme Court rejects Salem's extradition", "text": "New Delhi: Portugal's Supreme Court has upheld an order that cancelled extradition of underworld don Abu Salem for violation of deportation rules by slapping new charges that attracted death penalty. Rejecting an appeal by Indian authorities, the SC in Portugal on Saturday upheld the order of Court of Appeal in Lisbon which had held that there was a breach of 'Rule of Speciality' in extradition of Salem (46) in 2005.Reacting to the order, the CBI claimed on Tuesday that the Portugal SC has not cancelled the extradition of Salem and only a technical point had been raised. It also said the order would not have any repercussion on the status of Salem and the ongoing trial against him in India.A spokesperson for CBI, which is the nodal Indian agency for extradition cases, said the government would explore the possibility of approaching the Constitutional Bench of Portugal challenging the SC order.Following the pronouncement of the SC order, Salem, who is behind bars, moved a TADA court in Mumbai seeking closure of the trial against him in the 1993 Mumbai blasts case, saying continuing it will be illegal. \"We have moved an application seeking closure of trial as continuing with the trial will be illegal,\" said Salem's lawyer Rashid Ansari in Mumbai. Salem's plea is likely to come up on Wednesday. He is also facing trial in various other cases.India had given an executive assurance to Portugal that it would not slap any charges that invited death penalty to Salem and would not keep him behind bars for more than 25 years. The Delhi and Mumbai Police, however, in their own assessment slapped charges which attracted death penalty leaving the government and the CBI red-faced. Later, the police wanted to withdraw the charges, but the courts did not approve of it.\"The Portuguese Supreme Court has upheld the decision of Court of Appeal, Lisbon, through which it had held that there was a breach of Rule of Speciality in the matter of extradition of Abu Salem. There is expected to be no repercussion on status of Abu Salem and on the on-going trial against him. Trial Courts at Lucknow and Mumbai have rejected his petitions,\" the CBI spokesperson said.Salem had filed a petition in the HC in Lisbon alleging violation of Rule of Speciality after which a judgement was pronounced on September 19, 2011, saying there had been breach of the Indian undertaking given to the Portuguese authorities.\"The issue of 'violation of Rule of Speciality' has been examined at length by the Supreme Court of India on similar petitions filed by Abu Salem in India which through its order dated September 10, 2010, has held that there has been no violation of Rule of Speciality after examining the issues pertaining to Rule of Speciality with reference to and in comparison with extradition laws of the UK, the US and Portugal,\" the spokesperson said.Salem, the prime accused along with underworld don Dawood Ibrahim in 1993 Mumbai serial blasts, and his girl friend Monica Bedi were extradited to India on November 11, 2005, after a three-year-long legal process in Portugal. The extradition of Salem, who is also wanted in various cases including the murder of noted film producer Gulshan Kumar, came after an assurance by the Indian government to Portugal that he would not be given death penalty, a key requirement in extradition proceedings in Europe.In its appeal, India had said slapping of additional charges on Salem was within the ambit of Section 21(b) of Extradition Act, 1962, which stated that they could be imposed on an accused if they were of lesser offence under which the person had been extradited.New Delhi had assured Portugal courts that fresh charges leveled against Salem attracted less jail term than the offences for which he had been extradited, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535850", "title": "Oh what fun!", "text": "This city knows no limit when it comes to having a good time.Every single evening, we find youngsters dressing up in their finest and heading to the popular joints that play host to them having a good time. In this particular party, the ladies, as usual, were the favoured lot as they were pampered by both the bartender and DJs, who were both ready to dole out everything that they asked. As the night progressed, the party got a heady dose of some of the most popular dance numbers which ensured that everyone was out on the dancefloor, ready to flaunt their best moves. If Maroon 5 sang I've Got The Moves Like Mick Jagger..., they must have had Chennai on their minds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11533050", "title": "Rekla races held for 37th year", "text": "TRICHY: The popular rekla race comprising bullock carts and horse carts was held in Thirukkadaiyur panchayat in Nagapattinam district on Tuesday as part of the Pongal festivities. This is the 37th year since the races are being conducted.Unlike previous years, bullock cart racers and horse cart racers thronged the village in large numbers from Thirukkadaiyur, Thanjavur, Aaduthurai, Vadakarai and Pudukkottai. The bullock carts were divided into three categories - big, medium and small bulls. In Tuesday's event, 24 pairs of big bulls, 12 pairs of medium bulls and 33 pairs of small bulls participated. Prizes were awarded to the first three winners of each set.Likewise, the horse cart race also received a good number of single horses. They were also separated into three categories. The horses were brought from Bangalore, Chennai, Karur and Trichy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "11534358", "title": "Five kids injured as car hits school van in Ambala", "text": "AMBALA: On their first day to school, which opened on Tuesday after an extended winter break, five children were injured when the 18-seater van by which they were travelling was hit by a speeding car at a barricade near Mohra village. The van belongs to Mindtree Public School.All the five injured kids were rushed to civil hospital here. They were discharged after being administered first aid.Inquiries revealed that police had set up a barricade near Mohra village on the national highway to check speeding vehicles. The ill-fated school vehicle, too, had queued up at the barricade when a car coming from the rear hit it due to poor visibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531927", "title": "3 held for murder, gangrape of child", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three men have been arrested for the gangrape and murder of a four-year-old girl in west Delhi. The accused have been identified as Jagvir (30), Rajkumar (24) and Birbal (26).On January 5, Jagvir alias Jawahar, a labourer, kidnapped the child from her residence in Ramesh Nagar. The victim's father is an overseer and Jagvir had worked for him earlier.\"Jagvir took her to an under construction building in the area, where the other two accused were waiting for him. The three took turns to rape the child. They then throttled her and dumped the body in a nearby drain. Passersby spotted the body next morning and informed police.After identification, the body was sent for postmortem. As sand and dirt was found on the body, cops inferred the rape must have taken place at some construction site in the area. Over 150 labourers from the area were questioned and cops found that Jagvir had been missing. Raids were conducted in Delhi and Bihar, and the trio was arrested,'' said a senior investigating officer.The police said that the accused had murdered the girl as they feared that she may identify Jagvir later. The investigating officers said the blood-stained clothes of the child were recovered after the accused were interrogated. \"We are now recording the statements of other labourers at the site to develop circumstantial evidence,'' said a source.Last year, there was a significant rise in the number of rape and molestation cases in the city compared to 2010. While rape cases rose to 568 in 2011 compared to 507 in 2010, there were 653 cases of molestation in 2011 compared to 601 reported the previous year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11530881", "title": "Boyfriend rapes girl after promising marriage", "text": "NAGPUR: A 19-year-old girl student has filed a complaint with Pachpaoli police station that she was lured into sexual intercourse by a neighbour who had promised to marry her, but the youth later reneged on the promise.The victim told police that her boyfriend, Tomedev Hedau (25), an autorickshaw driver, had promised to marry her and taken her to Wardha, where they had sexual intercourse. However, the youth is now refusing to keep his promise of marrying her.According to the police, the two were neighbours and had fallen in love around two years ago. Since last few months Hedau was trying to get the girl to marry him. Hence, according to Hedau's plan, the girl eloped with him on Friday evening.The girl told police that Hedau told her that they are going to Shegaon and would get married there. However, the boy took her to a relative's place at Wardha where the two engaged in a physical relationship over two days. Whenever the girl questioned him, Hedau promised her that they will go to Shegaon on Monday.However, on Monday, instead of taking her to Shegaon, Hedau brought the girl back to Nagpur. After that he stopped taking her calls and sent her a message that he will not marry her. Hence, the girl lodged a complaint against Hedau on Tuesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "devaragund (sullia)", "code": "11536320", "title": "Devaragunda joins DVS in Baila Kola", "text": "DEVARAGUND (SULLIA): There was a palpable sense of excitement in this sleepy village, some 12 km from the taluk headquarters, about the annual Baila Kola hosted by a family here. While Baila Kola held on January 17 and 18 every year was advanced by a day this year, the excitement was centred on the participation of a member of the family -- who goes by the name D V Sadananda Gowda. The people were there for \"their CM\".Totally in a relaxed frame of mind, Gowda told TOI that this is the first time that he is spending some quality time with family members after taking over as the CM. \"Ours is a large family with nearly 300 households. While around 100-125 households are in Devaragunda and neighbouring Bellipady in Kerala, the rest are in Kodagu and other places. This is one event which brings this entire family together,\" he said.Karnur Mahabala Rai, teacher in Sri Vishnumurthy Aided Upper Primary School, Panjikal in Kasargod, said: \"I have been participating in Baila Kola for the past 26 years and DV has been present on all occasions - from the time he was an advocate, and later an MLA or an MP and now as the CM.\" Noting that \"DV\" was a student of the school, Rai said the school derives its name from Vishnumurthy - the family daiva.Mohammad Ismail, one among the 108 students from the school who came to witness the kola, was not sure what the ritual was all about.When asked if he knew who D V Sadananda Gowda was, Ismail replied in the negative. But, he along with other friends , did not fail to hand over the currency/ coins -- they had brought along as 'kanike' to be offered to the daiva -- to Rai, who deposited it in 'hundi' and handed over prasadam among the students.Gowda said Baila Kola is traditionally carried out by the members of the Malayan community from Kasargod.The daiva speaks Malayalam. While the Baila Kola rituals that got under way on Monday night saw Potan Daivam and Kulichetan Daivam perform, the CM took part in the kolas of Rakteshwari Daiva and Vishnumurthy Daiva. Janardhanan Kavenadan (63) applied the greasepaint to assume the role of Vishnumurthy Daiva. The kola is performed to pray for the welfare of entire family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11531421", "title": "Railways extends special train services", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Railways has extended services of the Hyderabad-Ajmer Weekly Special, Hyderabad-Kolhapur CSMT Special and Secunderabad-Jaipur Special. The Hyderabad-Ajmer Weekly Special will depart from Hyderabad at 9.35 pm on Fridays and reach Ajmer at 2.30 pm on Sundays. In the return direction, the Ajmer-Hyderabad Weekly Special will depart from Ajmer at 10.45 pm on Sundays (January 22 and 29) and reach Hyderabad at 2 pm on Tuesdays.Similarly, the Hyderabad-Kolhapur CSMT Special will depart from Hyderabad at 11.10 pm on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays between January 18 and February 1 and reach Kolhapur CSMT at 10.45 pm the next day. In the return direction. The Secunderabad-Jaipur Weekly Special will depart from Secunderabad at 11.25 pm on Mondays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11532401", "title": "Two more centres for IIM-A interview this year", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad (IIM-A) will conduct its interviews for admission for the batch of 2012-14, in two more centres this year. The institute which had been conducting interviews in Delhi, Kolkata, Bombay and Bangalore will also conduct interviews at Chennai and Hyderabad.\"The number of candidates from the southern part of the country among the shortlisted candidates is increasing. We are, therefore, conducting interviews at these new venues for the convenience of students so that they don't have to travel to far off centres,\" said chairman of the admission committee at IIM-A, Arnav Kumar Laha.IIM-A, IIM-Bangalore and IIM-Calcutta will coordinate for interview processes at Delhi, Kolkata, Bangalore and Bombay. However at the Chennai and Hyderabad centres, only IIM-A and IIM Calcutta will host the interviews together.The institutes have arranged the dates for the interviews in these cities such that students who get calls from various IIMs can avoid travelling back and forth. IIM-A this year has shortlisted 1177 students for its 385 seats this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535323", "title": "Aditya Narayan joins Bhansali as a Production Assistant", "text": "After trying his hand at singing, acting and anchoring TV shows, singer Udit Narayan's son Aditya Narayan has now joined Sanjay Leela Bhansali as a Production Assistant, a source close to Aditya revealed.Aditya will be part of the production crew of Sanjay's next production, which is about to begin. Apparently, he wants to learn the finer nuances of film making from the renowned filmmaker.Other star kids too have been known to learn the art of direction and acting from Sanjay namely Sonam Kapoor and Ranbir Kapoor. Aditya however will be getting into production. When contacted, Sanjay opted to remain silent. However, Sandeep Singh, CEO of his production house, completely denied any such development, saying Aditya hadn't met Sanjay but had only met him for some career guidance. Aditya too preferred not to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11531069", "title": "Row over foot overbridge at Gondia railway station", "text": "GONDIA: Every project related to the railways in Gondia - be it the cycle stand outside the station or the foot overbridge - has been under dispute. The proposed renovation of the foot overbridge connecting Railtoli to Kudwa is no exception.Now the residents of Gondia, including the member of the central advisory committee, Ramankumar Methi are repenting their demand to renovate the overbridge which was quite narrow for the increasing traffic of the town.The railway line divides the city into two parts - the main market on one side while half of the population resides on the other side. There are three bridges to cross the railway line, but none of these is 100% fit to render their utility. The main bridge got damaged in a railway accident about 15 years ago and since then it's leaning on the support of steel angle. Despite the damage there are no restrictions on the exceptionally heavy traffic on this road. Last January 14, a giant trailer had skipped through this bridge.The second one in Ramnagar is an underbridge, it is technically faulty and is used only as last resort. And the third one is the Railtoli-Kudwa pedestrian bridge.Both the ends of this bridge land outside the railway's periphery near the autorickshaw stand. Simply because it is narrow, an alternative arrangement was demanded in the form of broadening or a second bridge. Now according to Methi the renovated bridge will start and end on the railway platforms, which means the commuters will have to produce a ticket at the exit every time they use the bridge and also won't find a vehicle after crossing the bridge.According to committee members the railway administration is reluctant to lead the bridge outside railway platforms under the pretext that the land does not belong to railway. But for that purpose a no-objection certificate (NOC) could have been obtained from the municipal council.The chief executive officer of. South Eastern Central Railway Vyankat Swamy, chief engineer Gupta, visited Gondia to look into this matter. And on January 14 chief administrator SL Verma too paid a visit to the station. He will discuss the issue with Union heavy industries minister Praful Patel , said Methi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11531434", "title": "Jewellery theft case: Auto driver arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: An auto driver, who fled with a passenger's bag containing nearly a kilogramme of gold jewellery in November 2011, was nabbed by police in Krishnanagar on Monday evening.The Jubilee Hills police arrested R Ramesh Naik of Amangul in Mahbubnagar district. On November 11, 2011, a Singapore-based non-resident Indian (NRI), Swapna, along with her husband engaged Ramesh's auto near Rajdhani hotel in Lakdikapul. The couple was returning from a wedding.After the ceremony, Swapna removed her gold jewellery weighing about a kg and placed it in a hand bag. The couple disembarked from the auto near Jubilee Hills check post, but forgot the bag in the vehicle. Ramesh, who found the bag, went back to Amangul on the same day and sold some jewels. Using the money, he cleared his debts and began leading a lavish life.However, neighbours, who noticed the sudden change in Ramesh's lifestyle, suspected that something was fishy and began asking him questions.Unable to circumvent the questions posed by the nosy neighbours, Ramesh left the village and returned to the city on Monday. On the same evening, the Jubilee Hills police got an alert from gold jewellers in Krishna Nagar about an auto driver trying to sell jewellery.A police team rushed to the spot and apprehended Ramesh. \"During interrogation, Ramesh confessed to the crime and said that he had sold off about 15 tolas of gold. We have seized remaining 700 grams of gold jewellery in his possession,\" Jubilee Hills inspector K Narsinga Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11534344", "title": "Fog disrupts flight operations at IGI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dense fog disrupted flight operations at the IGI Airport this morning with 30 flights delayed and three cancelled.Two other flights were diverted. The fog started to descend at the airport in the wee hours due to which the runway visibility dipped below 100 metre and the general visibility to less than 50 metre, an airport official said.As the runway visibility was less than the required minima for takeoff of 125 metre and 150 metre, flights were unable to take off, he said.However, flights arriving at the airport were landing using CAT-IIIB instrument landing system.Two Jet Air flights arriving here between 4 AM and 5 AM were diverted due to operational reasons.According to sources, the pilots were not trained to operate CAT-IIIB landing system.Due to poor visibility at the new runway, it was not operational and only the main runway was functional, the official said.This is the first spell of dense fog this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11534536", "title": "It\u2019s raining tourists in Himachal", "text": "SHIMLA: It is after nearly six years that Shimla had witnessed a prolonged tourist season. With more and more visitors reaching the hill state, the tourism industry is doing a brisk business.It was in December when the tourists began visiting Kashmir valley due to no snowfall in the Himachal region; however, things changed as the New Year arrived.A large number of tourists from across the country, especially Delhi, Haryana, Punjab, Chandigarh and Uttar Pradesh , have reached Shimla and the resorts at Kufri, Naldehra, Mashobra and Fagu.President of the Shimla hoteliers association Harman Singh Kukreja said, \"The hotels received 60-70% bookings in January. This is unusual as visitors generally stay till the New Year.\"Travel operator from Shimla Anil Bhardwaj said the tourist season would likely extend up to February or March. \"It is the snow that had encouraged tourists to visit the place,\" he said.Bhardwaj said the number of tourists coming in would go up once the weather conditions get better.A senior officer of the tourist department said, \"Tourists prefer visiting Himachal Pradesh due to its calm surroundings. People keep away from travelling to Kashmir as there are frequent traffic snarls on the route.\"Meanwhile, heavy rains and snow in the Kangra Valley has had a positive fallout as receding water levels in natural water reservoirs have been restored. Earlier, due to the three-month dry spell and inordinate delay in winter rains, the water levels had started receding in the hill state. Natural sources of waters here that had started diminishing have been rejuvenated with the recent spell of rain and snow. Kangra valley received heavy rainfall in the past three days which is stated to be good for crops too.\"The ever changing climate and delay in winter rains and snow had earlier started to have a negative impact on water resources but these have been replenished now,\" said Anurajan Sehgal, an environmentalist.In view of the receding water levels in the natural water resources in the hills , the government had also started water conservation projects by constructing rain harvesting systems. These systems installed in the dry areas of the state have also started giving positive results. \"As many as 165 rain harvesting systems have been constructed in the state in which 10.08 billion litre water has been stored. These have also brought up the water level in dry areas,\" said Irrigation and Public Health Minister, Ravinder Ravi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11531628", "title": "Jubilee Hills rock garden site faces encroachment", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 35-acre government plot, which could have turned into a picture-perfect rock garden right in the heart of Jubilee Hills has now been eaten into by encroachers. As per a state government plan, this area should have turned into a rock garden by now but as many as 18 slum colonies have surfaced on its fringes, many even making an entry into this prime land. The market value of the property is Rs 900 crore.The government had set aside the 35-acre stretch located in Road No 86 for a rock conservation project in 2009. The picturesque plot located on the rear side of Film Nagar has an uneven terrain studded with rock formations and a water body right in the middle. As per the initial plan of the government, which is still on paper, the garden was supposed to be developed into park with sidewalks for joggers and even a boating facility.Locals here say that the many hutments around the proposed rock garden have made repeated attempts to enter this land. In fact, parts of the compound wall of the plot have collapsed ushering in more number of encroachers into the property. The extent of encroachment can be determined only if GHMC does a thorough survey, local residents said. The GHMC, which owns the land, had planned to convert it into a public park about three years ago in 2009 and the then chief minister, Y S Rajasekhara Reddy had even laid the foundation stone for the rock garden. However, the stone is all that remains now. The GHMC has done precious little except constructing a compound wall.GHMC officials admit to the encroachment on the plot. T Sakala Reddy, deputy municipal commissioner of GHMC, circle 10 under whose jurisdiction the property falls, said that the corporation would remove the encroachments soon and implement the project. \"We have visited the site recently and we will take all steps to protect the property. We have also instructed the town planning officers to estimate the cost of constructing a compound wall. We will also work towards initiating the rock garden project,\" Reddy said. M Lakshmi Bai, corporator of Jubilee Hills, said, \"From one side there have been encroachments on the land since there is no fencing and security. The government needs to immediately develop the property or it may lose it to encroachers. In this regard am planning to pressurize the government to act fast by giving a representation.\" The residents of Jubliee Hills said that they stand to lose due to the inaction of the authorities. \"Jubilee Hills area is one of the busiest stretches in the city with no lung space. If the project had taken off on time, this plot would have become a landmark like KBR park. If the corporators do not act immediately it will become difficult to recover the land. Once the local politicians support these encroachers as part of their vote-bank politics it would become difficult even for the government to evict them,\" said B S Sreenivasan, treasurer, Jubilee Hills Residents Welfare Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531547", "title": "N-lab pumps waste into Neela Hauz: DJB", "text": "NEW DELHI: A nuclear research centre and a biotechnology lab situated in south Delhi have been held responsible, among others, by the Delhi Jal Board for polluting the medieval Neela Hauz Lake.In a report submitted to the Delhi high court, to be considered by HC on Wednesday, the DJB says the lake is facing pollution due to unchecked discharge from the Inter University Accelerator Centre (IUAC) and the International Centre for Genetic Engineering &amp; Biotechnology ( ICGEB). It states that preliminary inspections have shown that both the institutes - situated in the vicinity of Sanjay Van, have septic tanks from where sewage is discharged into the lake and for the same reason both institutes have been advised to make their own arrangements.The DJB status report came after HC sought to know what different agencies, including the PWD, have done since its directions last year to clean up and restore the ecologically important lake.In its report, the DJB also blames nearby industrial area of Bawa Potteries, close to a 1000 adjoining slums in Vasant Kunj, roadside eateries and banquet halls for causing large-scale pollution of the lake due to sewage. The Board has offered to construct a pump house in the area, if the court gives its directions, which will lift the untreated water and send it directly to a nearby water treatment plant and stop further pollution of the water body.Arraigned by petitioner Malvika Kaul as one of the respondents, the IUAC has also submitted its reply in HC and contested the DJB's claim. IUAC has told HC that no sewage water from the institute flows in to the lake as the institute is very particular about ensuring the lake isn't polluted. IUAC argued it's the recently constructed PWD flyover that is responsible for choking up the lake and clogging of the storm water drain.The replies come in the wake of HC's renewed interest in restoration of the lake, after Kaul revived her disposed of PIL. She accused DJB, DDA and PWD of sitting on court's deadline for resuscitating the water body and said they merely pass the buck. HC had last year asked the agencies to respond to Kaul's complaint. It had asked these agencies to \"work in harmony and stop pollution of the lake\". Kaul accused government agencies of being indifferent to piling debris, pointing out how this construction waste endangered the existence of the lake. After the PWD said it had removed the debris and was ready to hand over possession of the lake back to DDA, HC made the latter the nodal agency in charge of overall restoration of the lake. DDA was tasked with ensuring the lake is fully restored to its original glory since the flyover has been opened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11532466", "title": "Government bid to downplay threat", "text": "MUMBAI: The medical drama playing out in Mumbai for the last 10 days over the emergence of the totally drug resistant strain of tuberculosis (TDR-TB) may well boil down to a battle of semantics. On Tuesday, the Union government issued a release that categorically said that the term \"totally drug resistant\" TB is \"non-standardized\" and \"misleading\" .Another hint of the government's mood was apparent at a meeting held in Mumbai's St George Hospital Complex on Tuesday. Maharashtra additional chief secretary (public health) Jayant Kumar Banthia said that TDR-TB may not be the right terminology to label the 12 strains of patients found in Hinduja Hospital. \"We will hold another meeting on Wednesday to take a final call on this issue,\" he said. \"We will take final decisions on all the aspects of TDR-TB including the patients, their isolation and the laboratories that can detect the disease only on Wednesday,\" Banthia added.The Union government's press release on Tuesday further said that Hinduja Hospital's high-tech laboratory in Mahim was not accredited by the government's Revised National Tuberculosis Control Programme . A fortnight ago, Hinduja Hospital had published a research paper showing the emergence of TDR-TB strain in 12 patients, mainly from Mumbai.Incidentally, the Hinduja Hospital team comprising Dr Zarir Udwadia and Dr Camilla Rodrigues are no green horns . Their hospital is among the few to boast of a laboratory that has been recognised by the WHO to carry out TB-related work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11532260", "title": "Goa now lone state seeking RTE exemption", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's case for an exemption from the Right to Education Act's requirement of clubbing Class V as an elementary class may not stand anymore.Nine other states that were following a primary schooling cycle similar to Goa have conveyed to the Union human resources development ministry that they have taken measures to comply with the RTE Act's requirement.The Right of Child to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, 2009, envisages an eight-year elementary education cycle, comprising five years of primary and three years of upper primary education. Section 2(f) of the RTE Act defines 'elementary education' as education from class I-VIII.Accordingly, the central government has given directions to states to shift to this eight-year elementary education cycle before March 2013. Goa has sought an exemption from this from the centre as primary schools need to have the necessary infrastructure for shifting of Class V to these schools. Also, it will create issues with regards to shifting of teachers from upper primary schools to primary schools.Following the instructions, states of Gujarat , Orissa, Assam and Mizoram took a policy decision before the current academic year began to shift from a seven-year to an eight-year elementary education cycle.However, several states entered the 2011-12 academic year continuing with the system of primary schooling upto class IV and upper primary schooling upto class VII only. These included 10 states/union territories of Andhra Pradesh, Dadra and Nagar Haveli, Goa, Jammu and Kashmir, Karnataka, Kerala, Lakshadweep, Maharashtra, Meghalaya and Puducherry. But all of the nine states other than Goa have now given the centre a commitment to shift to the eight-year cycle, which could end Goa's hopes for an exemption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11530433", "title": "Make Gadgil report public: Sumaira Abdulali", "text": "MUMBAI: Environmentalists demanded that the Centre accept their submission on the Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel (WGEEP) report.The panel, headed by Madhav Gadgil, submitted its report to MoEF in August 2011, but it is yet to be made public. Activists who sought a copy under the RTI Act were refused as state departments had been asked to comment.Sumaira Abdulali, convenor, Awaaz Foundation, filed a PIL in the HC demanding that the report be made public. The court directed MoEF to submit it on January 12 but so far it has not done so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "gorakhpur", "code": "11533240", "title": "Musclemen pass on political baton to sons", "text": "GORAKHPUR: It's time for the kin of musclemen to try their luck in the assembly election. The times are changing, and so is the politics, and its players. And the effect of this change is most visible on musclemen and their families, this election.While some have been compelled to field their sons in a bid to remain in the power centre, others have understood that their sway over voters, mostly based on fear psychosis, has started fading, courtesy, strong measures taken by Election Commission of India, especially since last elections. Strict measures were enforced, bringing in 639 companies of paramilitary forces to prevent muscle power effects.The effect, it seems, is telling on musclemen, especially of Gorakhpur and Basti divisions. Out of over half-a-dozen musclemen contesting election in 2007, the number has come down to barely one - Ram Bhual Nishad contesting on a BSP ticket from Gorakhpur rural assembly segment - in Gorakhpur district.However, there are rumours are that oldest mafia-turned-MLAturned-minister Harishanker Tiwari will try his luck from Chillupaar assembly segment of the district from his own Loktantrik Party. Tiwari has contested last six elections since 1985 from Chillupaar and won five times except in 2007 when he lost to Rajesh Tripathi of BSP.Similarly, Jamuna Nishad who died in a road accident last year had won from Pipraich assembly segment on a BSP ticket and went on to become a minister. Nishad also had several criminal records. However,what is significant this time is that instead of mafia, their family members, especially sons, are in fray from several constituencies of both Gorakhpur and Basti divisions.Barred by the rule of law that a convict in any criminal case can't contest election, poetess Madhumita Shukla murder convict Amarmani,who is in jail and is a sitting MLA from Lakshmipur assembly segment of Maharajganj district in Gorakhpur division, has fielded his son Amanmani Triapathi from Nautanwa assembly segment. Lakshmipur has been merged in Nautanwa after delimitation.Talking to TOI, Amanmani said that since his father is in jail, people from the region wanted him to contest election and it is how he is in the fray.However, the clout of Amarmani, even from behind the bars, could be gauged from the fact that allegations have been levelled against him of influencing candidates of other parties. Amanmani, however, denies the allegation terming them as politics of vendetta against him \"because opposition parties are unable to digest his popularity\".Similarly, Harishanker Tiwari's younger son Vinay Shanker Tiwari is contesting on a BSP ticket from Bansi in Siddharthnagar district while his elder son Kushal Tiwari is already an MP on a BSP ticket from Khalilabad Lok Sabha constituency.Among the sons of musclemen is C P Chand, son of Markanday Chand. C P Chand is contesting election from Chillupaar constituency on a Samajwadi Party ticket. Similarly, musclemanturned-ex-MP from Khalilabad Bhalchand Yadav's son Subodh Yadav is contesting on a BSP ticket from Itwa assembly segment in Siddharthnagar. Son of another muscleman-turned-MP Baleshwar Yadav ,who is said to be have close links with Jungle Party in Kushinagar district,Vijendra Pal is contesting on a Samajwadi Party ticket against Swami Prasad Maurya from Padrauna assembly segment.In fact, the list of candidates from various musclemen's family gets longer if divisions like Faizabad and Varanasi divisions are also taken into consideration. There are rumours that mafiaturned-MP from BSP Dhananjay Singh is planning to field his wife Dr Jagriti Singh from an assembly segment in Jaunpur district.For a change, his bete-noire and another mafia-turned-politician presently languishing in jail Abhay Singh is contesting from Gosainganj assembly segment in Faizabad district on a Samajwadi Party ticket, unlike, last election when he had fielded his wife Sarita Singh from Bikapur assembly segment. Coming back to musclemen, while the number has reduced in Gorakhpur division, there has been more or less no change in Basti division.Like in the last election, muscleman-turned-ex-MLA Krishna Kinkar Singh Rana is once again contesting from Captainganj, this time on a Congress ticket. Also in the fray will be muscleman-turned-minister Ram Prakash Chaudhary. Chaudhary was a minister in Mayawati government. Similarly, Taavish Khan, who is considered to have a clout in Sant Kabir Nagar and is a sitting MLA from Khesraha assembly segment before delimitation, will be contesting on a BSP ticket from Mehdawal assembly segment after delimitation.In the 2007 poll, Mayawati had fielded 135 criminals as candidates, out of which 68 had won, with a number of them getting ministries. Along with it, the party also had the dubious distinction of having nine MPs, 68 MLAs, 13 MLCs and 11 ministers who have cases pending against them. This includes those who were recently dismissed from the party and government.Similarly, during Lok Sabha poll of 2009, she gave tickets to dons like Mukhtar Ansari, Dhananjay Singh, D P Yadav, Kapilmuni Karwaria, Arun Kumar Shukla alias Anna and others. Also welcomed in the party were gangster and Dhananjay's close confidante Ramu Diwedi and nephew of mafia Brijesh Singh.Interestingly, Singh is also trying his luck for the first time in this assembly election from Sayyed Raza segment of Chandauli district. Similarly, other than Mukhtar Ansari, his close confidante and mafia Munna Bajrangi has also been fielded by Apna Dal from Varanasi district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11531210", "title": "Lata Mangeshkar gets relief in Kolhapur heritage studio case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Kolhapur Municipal Corporation on Tuesday told the Bombay high court it would issue a fresh notice to Lata Mangeshkar regarding repairs to a heritage studio owned by her.A division bench was hearing Lata's petition challenging the KMC's July 9-10, 2010, notices stopping her from effecting repairs to Jay Prabha studio saying it is classified as a Heritage Grade III structure and warned of legal action.The KMC had earlier sent a notice on June10, 2010, stating that galvanized tin sheets in the studio have deteriorated and to remove that part of the structure which has become dangerous.The judges earlier questioned the 'contrary' stand of the KMC and said the July 9-10, 2010, notices were causing confusion.KMC's advocate submitted an affidavit filed by the deputy municipal commissioner saying the KMC withdrawing the June 9-10, 2010, notices as its combined reading was causing hindrance to the process.He said a fresh notice will be issued to Lata which is compliant with the provisions of the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporation Act. Disposing of the petition, the judges granted the singer liberty to move court again if she is aggrieved by the fresh notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11532169", "title": "Mobile gang busted in city", "text": "GURGAON: The police have arrested a gang of four members involved in stealing at least 110 mobile phones from a shop on Kasan Road. Police also arrested a West Bengal-based woman, Rupali alias Ruby, who had bought 55 mobile phones from the gang. All the 110 mobiles have been recovered from the possession of the gang members. On Tuesday, the CIA team of the city police arrested three gang members who were involved in the stealing of the mobiles from the shop of one Vikas, a resident of Kharkhari. They've been identified as Prince, a resident of Amar Colony, Ravindra alias Sonu, a resident of Bahadurgarh, and Aamir Hussain alias Sukhee, a resident of West Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11533042", "title": "Bharathidasan colleges in tatters", "text": "TRICHY: The Bharathidasan University in Trichy has allegedly been gripped by an \"in-charge syndrome,\" and curiously enough, all the eight colleges coming under the university, are being presently led by in-charge principals, all of whom are in the rank of assistant professors.Among them, three colleges (Perambalur, Lalgudi and Orathanadu) are funded by the university itself, four (Aranthangi, Vedaranyam, Thiruthuraipoondi and Nannilam) are funded by the UGC, and the one at Inamkulathur, a fulfilment of chief minister Jayalalithaa's promise during her thanksgiving visit to Srirangam, is funded by the state government.According to a source, initially, the assistant professors were designated as 'special officers', but in order to make them eligible to vote in the election of syndicate members, they were re-designated as principals in-charge with full additional charge. There are a total of 22 syndicate members including eight ex-officio honours.The appointments could not have been more glaring than in the case of Vedaranyam College where Dr C Lakshmanan was appointed as in-charge principal on July 20, 2011. Within less than a month, on August 18, 2011, the university registrar wrote to Dr P Ramajayam, assistant professor, Centre for Study of Social Inclusion and Exclusive Study that \"you are appointed as principal in-charge, with full additional charge of Bharathidasan University College, Vedaranyam during the absence of period of Dr C Lakshmanan, assistant professor of this university with immediate effect, until further orders.\"In the case of Perambalur College, Dr M Nallu, who was then a \"director\" of the college, was on August 17, 2010 requested \"to hand over all the charges and responsibility to Dr K Mururgadoss, assistant professor in the department of commerce of the same college on or before August 25, 2010.\"Though the post of the principal in an A-grade college must be in the rank of a professor, once again Dr G Sathiyan, another assistant professor from the Centre for Study of Social Inclusion and Exclusive Study was posted as principal in-charge of the college, on August 1, 2011.To add insult to injury, the registrar himself, who signs all the appointment orders after they are ratified by the syndicate, has been given two extensions. The registrar, T Ramasamy's tenure ended in September 2011, and he asked for an extension of six months, but granted three months (October to December). In fact, the university should have advertised for a new registrar six months prior to the end of his tenure, so that the new candidate might step in when the incumbent's term gets over. Interestingly, he asked for another extension for one more year, but the syndicate has anyway given him six months through the \"syndicate in circulation\", whereby the minutes would be carried to each individual when the syndicate is not able to meet. Speaking to TOI, Ramasawmy gave a flimsy excuse saying, \"I asked for the extension because my daughter would be completing her studies only after six months.\"Likewise, the term of the controller of examinations, at present held by Dr S Sridharan comes to an end by the end of this month. In fact, Sridharan himself told TOI that he has applied for an extension of three months and that the order would be coming now anytime.When asked why ad hoc measures were ruling the roost in the university, the vice-chancellor K Meena told TOI on Monday night that \"action would be initiated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11533512", "title": "Plea seeking case against Rahul, Diggy", "text": "LUCKNOW:A petition was filed on Tuesday in a court in Azamgarh seeking registration of a case against Congress leaders Rahul Gandhi and Digvijay Singh.The petitioner alleged that they had hurt religious sentiments by raking up the Batla House encounter issue, that too when the matter is pending in court. The petition was filed by one Jitendra Singh in the court of chief judicial magistrate V K Singh, his counsel Lal Bahadur Singh said.The petitioner stated during Rahul's Azamgarh visit on January 10, the issue of Batla House encounter was raised by Digvijay Singh who had termed it fake. The CJM fixed February 8 for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535414", "title": "Pooja Bhatt buys The Last Salute's rights", "text": "Filmmakers usually avoid scandals like the plague. But Pooja Bhatt is an exception. The filmmaker has willingly decided to court controversy with her latest venture.While the project will be her first Arabic production, it's the subject of the film that has got jaws dropping. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that the filmmaker's next has been inspired by the book The Last Salute, which explores the turbulent times of the Gulf region and the impact of US intervention.According to a source close to the developments, Pooja has purchased the rights of the book written by Muntazer Al Zaidi - infamous for hurling his shoe at the then president of the United States of America , George W Bush.Apparently, Pooja decided to make a film based on the book after watching the play, produced by Sandiip Kapur and Bhushan Sharma, last year, in Delhi. The source explained, \"After the play, there was a Q&A; session and that is when a member from the audience asked Pooja if the subject excited her enough to make a film on it. She felt that if audiences were interested in the subject, then she should give it a shot.\"While there is uncertainty about a Hindi version of the film, the source informed us that Pooja intends on casting Arab actors for the project.When contacted, Pooja Bhatt confirmed the story and said, \"Right now, we have decided to make the film in Arabic, as the content will be relatable to people in the Middle East. Since it is a controversial subject, I will first discuss the film with distributors here, before making the film in Hindi as well.\"\"I will start filming Jism 2 in March and after its release, I will move on to this project,\" added Pooja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11531526", "title": "Ameerpet land case: Acharya summoned", "text": "HYDERABAD: Principal secretary (Home) BP Acharya and two other officials were on Tuesday issued summons by a local court to appear as witnesses in the case pertaining to denotification of 9.14 acres of prime land at Ameerpet in the city. Former chief minister K Rosaiah's controversial decision to denotify the prime land came under the scanner.The Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) court issued summons to Acharya, who is already embroiled in the Emaar-MGF scam, directing him to appear before it on January 23 to record his statement. Besides Acharya, two other officials -- principal secretary (Industries and Commerce) T Sanyasi Rao and Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) senior official Narayana Reddy, who were also part of the denotification process, were also issued summons. T Sanyasi Rao became a witness since he was the then principal secretary (MA&UD;) department, who issued GO 288 denotifying the HMDA land.Acharya, during his stint as HMDA commissioner, had written letters to the MA&UD; department not to denotify the 9.14 acre land located in survey numbers 26, 30, 41, 44 at Ameerpet, which was acquired by HMDA (Huda) several decades ago.In one of his letters, Acharya said, \"Section 48 of the Land Acquisition Act can be invoked only in cases where possession of the acquired land is not taken. In the present case, the possession of the acquired land was taken in two spells (May 10, 2004 and December 14, 2009)\".However, Rosaiah, who was the then chief minister, overlooked Acharya's remarks and altered the facts. The ACB officials registered a case against Rosaiah under sections 406, 409, 420 and 120 B of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) besides 11,12, 13 of the Prevention of Corruption Act based on the directions of the ACB court following a complaint lodged by Mohan Lal.However, the court decided to examine the witnesses and verify the evidence gathered by Mohan Lal since the petitioner alleged that ACB failed to do a proper investigation and gave a clean chit to Rosaiah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11529712", "title": "Collection of poems in Braille released", "text": "NAGPUR: Geet Gazal, a collection of poems and ghazals on the life of blind persons in Braille, explaining their sentiments and pain, written by Amravati city poet YS Khan alias Yunus Shad was released by Dr Bhivapurkar Blind School, Amravati, and National Blind School, Mumbai recently. The collection of 40 compositions in simple Hindi or Urdu have been printed in Braille.The book was released at a function organized by the staff and management of Dr Bhivapurkar Blind School and graced by famous Hindi poet and writer Bhagwan Vaidhaya Prakar. Sundarlal Shrivastav and Pravin Malpani, president and secretary of the blind school, were also present. Over 175 blind school students were present at the function.Famous blind singer Mukesh Gorle recited and sang some of the poems in his sweet voice. Music teacher Sopan Ratnaparkhi organized the music for the programme. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11533451", "title": "Congress announces 29 names, tally reaches 387", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress on Tuesday announced the names of 29 candidates for UP assembly election. The Congress and its ally Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) have so far declared 387 candidates (352 candidates declared by Congress and 35 of RLD). The Congress is yet to announce 16 more candidates. The party has replaced two candidates from Sikandrabad and Pipraich.The candidates announced by the central election committee of the Congress are: Naresh Saini from Behat, Imran Masood--Nakur, Saleem Ahmad Engineer--Saharanpur Nagar, Abdul Wahid--Saharanpur, Anil Tanwar--Deoband, Vinod Tejiyan-Rampur Maniharan (R), Pradeep Kumar--Gangoh, Deepak Kumar--Purqazi (R), Nawab Jan--Thakurdwara, VS Chauhan--Noida, Jitendra Yadav--Sikandrabad in place of Nizam Malik, Nazir Ahmad--Agra South, Faizan Ali--Shahjahanpur, Madhu Misra--Hardoi, Avadhesh Singh--Rae Bareli, Mohd Naim--Gauriganj, Sandeep Kumar 'Pintoo'--Sultanpur, Komal Singh Kushwaha--Etawah, Shyam Kishore Shukla--Pratapgarh , Ajit Pratap Singh--Patti, Haji Mashooq--Phulpur, Ramendra Ravi--Allahabad west, Muneer Ahmad Khan--Rudauli, Kaushal Singh Munna--Nautanwa, Amarjit Yadav in place of Nirmala Paswan--Pipraich, Mohammad Athar--Didarganj, Banwarilal--Muhammadabad (R), Subhash Yadav-Bairia and Vijay Gond-Duddhi (reserved).Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "11534993", "title": "Ex-MCC commander arrested from Kuru", "text": "LOHARDAGA: A former area commander of erstwhile Maoist Communist Centre (MCC), who was declared absconding in eight of the 18 cases by a court, was arrested from a relative's house on Monday.Dhurva Oraon alias Dhurva Singh alias Sivendraji was picked up from Dhaura village, 20 km from the Kuru police station, by a police team following a tip-off. The 48-year-old is native of Tisia village of Kisko police station area. He had left the area in 2000.\"He was once a dreaded Naxalite in the bordering areas of Lohardaga and Latehar districts. Police have about 18 cases including seven cases of murder and four of encounter against him. Since he was missing for almost 11 years, the court has declared him absconder in at least eight cases,\" SP Jitendra Kumar Singh said on Tuesday. \"In his confessional record, Oraon had said he was working in a brick kiln in Chandauli of Uttar Pradesh.\"Police will take some more time to investigate the matter as they had been tipped off about his promotion and transfer to Chhattisgarh. Some of the major cases against him included the murder of two persons at Tiko pool on Kuru-Daltonganj route in 1997, police encounter at Deodaria in 1998, Bahura Oraon's murder at Nari-Navadih, police encounter at Khamhar in 1999 and looting Narendra Mishra's home and setting it ablaze at Badaki Champi village in 2000, police sources said. Oraon's brother Etva was also an active Maoist but he is in Lohardaga jail in connection with four Naxalite cases, said the SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11536806", "title": "Small films make big impact at Piff", "text": "PUNE: Independent filmmakers from Central Asia and Europe are making their presence felt in the World Competition category at the 10th Pune International Film Festival (Piff) with films reflecting powerful themes. Be it thse semi-mythical Saha by Ilgar Safat (Azerbaijan) or an identity-crisis addressed in Yan Wang-produced Diago (China) or the challenges of inter-personal relations in Irish-Spanish director Paco Torres' The Magic of Hope, these small-budget directorial ventures are prominent features of film festival staple.Wang calls Diago an art film. Based in Macau, the film portrays the protagonist sensing his Portuguese-Macanese roots and his connection with his stepfather and sister, just before the handover of Macau and Hong Kong by the British to Mainland China. \"Before the handover, he was Portuguese and now, he is Chinese; he tries to find a middle ground in his identity. There are several such examples in Macau itself,\" Wang said.A co-production between mainland China and Macau made at a budget of 120,000 yuans, Diago is an example of arthouse Chinese cinema that has found its niche. \"However, independent filmmaking is still a challenge and there exists difficulty in finding funds to do art movies in China now,\" Wang said.For someone who continues to make such films, she has found her way around. \"I use two years to plan a television series. Once written and ready, I sell them to TV stations and then I have money to make films. Also, now, it's easier for Chinese films like mine to go to international film festivals,\" Wang said.Film festivals are an important platform for filmmakers like Safat, who directed Saha entirely in Azerbaijan at a budget of one million euros. A mythical tale of a photographer specialising in nudes, grappling with a life-and-death situation when he meets with a road accident while in the company of his fiancee, the riveting film is woven with a non-linear narrative, with elements borrowed from real life.\"Saha is a co-production between Azerbaijan and Georgia. The cast are from Georgia , Russia and France. Azerbaijan makes around ten films every year, with most of them funded by the ministry of culture. Fortunately, around 70% of these films are rated very good and receive positive reviews at film festivals,\" Safat said. He is also a documentary filmmaker, poet, and rock-singer. More importantly, he wants his films to show the bright side of his country.Dublin-based Torres says his film is very positive. A mother's love and support to her leukaemia-affected ten-year-old daughter, The Magic of Hope is a gripping tale of human realities. \"As a filmmaker, I try to strike a balance by telling a socially relevant story in positive light. The Magic of Hope is inspired from real life and is backed by Irish and Spanish musicians,\" said Torres, who shuttles between Dublin and Seville in Spain.Throwing light on Ireland's filmmaking potential, Torres said, \"It's a small country but has a vibrant culture and is a melting pot for filmmaking. A lot of co-productions take place, with Ireland making around 50 films per year. Several Irish actors are big names in Hollywood now. A lot of Irish people go to cinemas to watch films.\"His film, too, enjoyed generous government-funding. \"We shot it one million euro-budget. Various government institutions support art and culture in Ireland with generous funding. Irish band and film projects, including mine, enjoy almost 100% government funding,\" said Torres, who is also finalising his second script: based on a Palestinian man in Ireland helping an Irish boy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11536690", "title": "Lokayukta row: Gujarat govt to challenge HC verdict in Supreme court", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Gujarat government said the state high court verdict upholding appointment of Lokayukta by governor would be challenged in the Supreme Court following consultations with legal experts.The Gujarat high court, in a majority decision upheld the appointment of c by the governor, while dismissing the plea of the state challenging it.\"We accept the verdict of the high court. But our points remain and we will challenge this decision in the Supreme Court after consultations with legal experts,\" Gujarat government spokesperson and health minister Jaynarayan Vyas said.\"We had raised two points in our petition before the high court. The first point was that the consultation process between the chief minister and the chief justice was not over and the former had written a letter to the latter on the issue,\" Vyas said.\"The second point we raised was- this is an issue which touches the constitutional provisions. If governors are permitted to work outside the realm of the constitutional provisions, it would become very difficult for the state governments to work,\" Vyas said.\"Our plea with the high court was fundamental to the safety of the federal structure and also very very central to the provision by the Constitution of India, as this decision of the Governor bypassed constraints and restraints imposed by the Constitution on the Governor's office,\" Vyas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11531929", "title": "Ray's 'Sikkim' DVDs to hit markets soon", "text": "KOLKATA: Your wait to watch Satyajit Ray's 1971 documentary titled \"Sikkim\" will get over within a few days. Come Thursday and Angel Video will come up with DVDs and VCDs of the Ray documentary that was commissioned by the Chogyal (King) of Sikkim at a time when he felt the sovereignty of Sikkim was under threat from both China and India.\"Six months back, we got in touch with the Art and Culture Trust of Sikkim to procure the rights of the documentary. We have been chasing the authorities for the past one and a half years to transfer the rights. Initially, they weren't sure if they should part with the rights. Finally, we told that holding back the rights is only denying people the opportunity to see a cult work. They were finally convinced when we told them that we had the rights of 11 famous Ray movies, including \"Pather Panchali\", \"Hirak Rajar Deshe\" and \"Sonar Kella\", among others,\" said Akash Tantiya, director (sales &amp; marketing), Angel Video.Tantiya, however, was reluctant to reveal the amount the company had to shell out to procure the rights. \"The market price is high for any Ray film. But we were willing to pay the amount. The Trust took the print from the British company and gave handed it over to us,\" he said.Meanwhile, Sandip Ray is happy with the news of the launch. \"The original negative couldn't be traced. It's with the queen of Sikkim, Hope Cook. She is now in America and is quite a recluse. \"Sikkim\" was her baby. The Chogyals were a great fan of Baba and we tried hard to track down Cook to retrieve the negatives. We got in touch with a company called Gemini. People out there checked the logbook and told us that the negatives should be with her. Despite writing to her on a number of occasions, she didn't respond. Fortunately, a London distributor of Baba's movies - Contemporary Films - had a print. I'm told even Brown University has a print.Though I've not seen this print, I suppose it is quite good and in viewable condition. In 2003, the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Science had done a basic chemical restoration of the documentary and it was subsequently screened at a festival in France in 2008 during a Ray Retrospective. The last time we spoke to the Academy authorities, we were told that they would want to digitally restore both \"Kanchenjunga\" and \"Sikkim\" properly. That's yet to be done and also involves a lot of money. Even today, no negatives of \"Kanchenjunga\" are available,\" Ray said. Tantiya, however, claimed, \"The print of \"Sikkim\" that we have has been digitally restored and is in excellent condition.\"Meanwhile, Ray still doesn't know why the screening of \"Sikkim\" was stopped at the 2010 Kolkata Film Festival. \"I wasn't in town then and the abrupt stalling of the screening is still a mystery for me,\" he said. But all that is past and he is now looking forward to the launch function at Nandan that will also be graced by Goutam Ghose, among others.It's time to rejoice for those who always wished but never got a chance to watch Satyajit Ray's 1971 documentary titled \"Sikkim\". Come Thursday and Angel Video is coming up with DVDs and VCDs of the Ray documentary that was commissioned by the Chogyal (King) of Sikkim at a time when he felt the sovereignty of Sikkim was under threat from both China and India.Says Akash Tantiya, director, sales and marketting, Angel Video, \"Six months back, we got in touch with the Art and Culture Trust of Sikkim to procure the rights of the documentary. We have been chasing the authorities for the past one-and-a-half years to transfer the rights.Initially, they weren't sure that they wanted to part with the rights or not. Finally, we told that not parting with the rights is only denying people the opportunity to see a cult work. We told them that we had the rights of 11 famous Ray movies, including \"Pather Panchali\", \"Hirak Rajar Deshe\", \"Sonar Kella\" and \"Kanchenjungha\", among others. That convinced them.\"Tantiya, however, is reluctant to reveal how much the company had to shell out to procure the rights. \"The market price is high for any Ray film. But, we were willing to pay the amount. Art and Culture Trust of Sikkim took the print from the British company gave that to us for our DVD and VCD making purposes,\" he says.Meanwhile, Sandip Ray is happy with the news of the launch. \"The original negative can't be traced. It's with the queen of Sikkim, Hope Cook. She is now in America and is quite a recluse. \"Sikkim\" was her baby. The Chogyals were a great fan of Baba and we tried hard to track down Cook to retrieve the negatives. We got in touch with a company called Gemini. The people out there checked the logbook and told us that the negatives should be with her. Despite writing to her on a number of occasions, she didn't respond. Fortunately, there was a London distributor of Baba's movies called Contemporary Films. This company had a print. I'm told even Brown University has a print.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "11534414", "title": "Another minister leaves BJP, joins JD (U)", "text": "BAHRAICH: BJP MLA from Tulsipur constituency in Gonda, Mahant Kaushalendra Nath Yogi parted ways with the party and joined Janata Dal (United) on Monday.Speaking at a function organised at JD (U) here, Mahant Kaushalendra Nath Yogi said he was forced to leave the BJP as it had lost the moral authority to speak against corruption by taking Mayawati's former close aide Babu Singh Kushwaha in the party.Hitting out at the BJP leadership for its decision, Kaushalendra Nath said when corruption was the biggest issue in the assembly election, the BJP had allowed Kushwaha's entry into the party despite knowing that he worked as custodian of Chief Minister's income through unfair means during the last five years. \"This clearly shows that BJP, which claims to be a party with difference, has changed its priorities and is no more serious on corruption,\" he said.Alleging that the BJP was planning to embrace many more leaders tainted by corruption, Mahant Kaushalendra Nath said the party would face the consequences of shifting its policy against corruption as the party workers who had struggled against the corrupt BSP regime during the last five years were annoyed with the leaders. Flaying the BJP state leadership for its failure to understand the aspirations of the masses, Mahant Kaushalendra Nath said the party had deviated from the policies of Atal Bihari Vajpayee and Lal Krishna Advani.JD (U) general secretary Subhash Pathak welcomed Mahant Kaushalendra Nath into the party. said the Yogi's disenchantment with the BJP vindicated their decision to pull out of the National Democratic Alliance in Uttar Pradesh and it was likely to brighten the electoral prospects of the party. Pathak said some more leaders of other parties were expected to join JD(U) and could be fielded as party candidates in the Assembly polls.UP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531412", "title": "I&B; first off the block to adopt citizens' charter", "text": "New Delhi: I&B; ministry is one of the first Central ministries to adopt the citizens' charter assuring that action on grievances or applications will be taken within two months and a final resolution within four months.The ministry uploaded the link to lodge grievances on Tuesday. It has assured an interim reply or acknowledgement within three days and a final response to the grievance within two months.According to the service-standard timelines, the ministry has assured forwarding of completed applications to other ministries for necessary approvals within two months. These include issuing of licence for DTH, multi-system operators, teleport by TV channels, uplinking and downlinking permission for TV channels.Procedural formalities for setting up of community radio stations will also be initiated within the same time frame. Permission for foreign magazines and newspapers will be forwarded for action within two months, while the process may take about three months to complete.The ministry has also undertaken to provide permission for film shoots and script approvals within three weeks. Sources said that the ministry has analyzed data related to the grievances and information demanded under RTI and plans to put up such information in the public domain. This is targeted at reducing the number of applications and ensuring that information related to the working of the ministry is regularly updated.There has been a renewed focus on ensuring services for citizens after Parliament passed the Citizens' Right to Grievance Redress law in the Winter session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11532650", "title": "Separate bank account to show poll spending", "text": "PUNE: Candidates contesting the zilla parishad and panchayat samiti elections will have to open a new bank accounts for poll-related expenses and payments.The guideline, issued by the state election commission (SEC), would help the administration monitor the expenditure incurred by the candidates for the election. Candidates are also expected to submit a daily report of poll-related expenses incurred to the election office.\"Candidates must open a separate bank account for election expenses in any nationalised or cooperative bank. They are expected to incur expenses from this account. The move would help bring transparency and keep a tab on the poll-related expenses and monitor daily expenses of candidates,\" a district administration official said.The ZP and panchayat samiti elections are to be held on February 7 in Pune district. The process of filing of nomination forms would begin on January 18.Steps are being taken under the guidelines of SEC for free and fair elections. A meeting on Monday conducted by district collector Vikas Deshmukh discussed various poll-related issues. A separate committee has been established to look into monitoring of paid news, an official said. About 75 groups in Pune ZP will have elections on February 7. Panchayat samitis in all 13 talukas in Pune district will also take part in the election process.Toilets must for candidatesAll candidates contesting the ZP and panchayat samiti polls will have to submit a letter from the gramsevak stating that the candidate has toilet facilities. The instructions are against the background of the state government's initiative to have better sanitation practices in rural areas. The candidate is expected to submit the certificate in the prescribed format along with the nomination forms which states that he/she has a toilet facility at home or at the rented home, or is using the public toilet facility available in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "giglio (italy)", "code": "11532993", "title": "5 more bodies found, sunken ship toll 11", "text": "GIGLIO (ITALY): Italian coastguards pleaded angrily with the captain of a stricken super-liner to return to his ship, according to recordings released on Tuesday, as divers found five more bodies in the half-submerged wreck of the Costa Concordia.On Tuesday, rescuers used explosives to blast through the watery maze of luxury cabins, bars and spas, fast losing hope of finding anyone alive. Before the five bodies were found, those missing were 14 German, five Italian, four French and two American passengers and four crew memebers from Italy, Peru, India and Hungary.Taking the known death toll to 11, that left 24 people unaccounted for four days after the cruiser carrying 4,200 passengers was ripped open by rocks off a Tuscan island. Captain Francesco Schettino is in jail, blamed for risking thousands of lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11533127", "title": "Miscreants torch 5 cabs in Dwarka", "text": "NASHIK: Less than 24 hours after four trucks were gutted in the Cidco area, unidentified miscreants set five taxies ablaze. The cabs were parked near Dwarka circle on Monday night. While three were completely gutted, two others did not suffer much damage.The Savari taxis owned by Mahendra Lakari, Kishor Sawant, Prashant Pardeshi and Deepak Sonawane, were parked under the flyover which is under construction opposite Dwarka Hotel. Sub-inspector Gulabrao Jagtap of the Dwarka police station said he got a call from the control room around 1.30am that some vehicles had been set ablaze. Jagtap summoned the reserved patrolling team.ACP Ganesh Shinde said taxi drivers who operate between Nashik and Malegaon park their vehicles on the stand after coming to Nashik in the night before leaving for home. Considering the number of their vehicle they get an idea when they should reach the stand.In this case, all the drivers of the Savari taxis were home when the incident happened. He added the incident could be out of rivalry. Someone must have hurt over the professional rivalry out of which this incident has occurred.Deepak Sonawane whose taxi was torched said he has been operating on the said route since the past four years. But he has never come across rivalry on the stand.Speaking to TOI about the two consecutive incidents of vehicles being burnt in the city, DCP Sahebrao Patil said, \"Criminals have got restless with the combing operations we have taken up to trace them and also the action against seasoned criminals. We are succeeding in bringing down the crime rate of the city. To divert attention of cops, miscreants are indulging in such acts.\" He added, \"Miscreants got away inspite of us intensifying the patrolling. But we'll nab the culprits.\"DCP Patil did not rule out the involvement of the Tipper gang, the king pin of which - Motha Pathan - and his brother Chhota Pathan were arrested by cops recently. Chief of fire brigade Anil Mahajan said there were five taxis parked at the taxi stand, out of which three taxies - MH 17 AC 8557, MH 15 E 1545 and MH 39 7051 were completely damaged while, two taxies MH 15 E 1517 and MH 15 E 1111 were salvaged. He said thatone fire tender was deployed at the spot and the fire was doused within 10 minutes.The incident came close on the heels of a similar incident on Sunday night when three trucks - an Eicher and two TATA 407- were set on fire between 11.30 pm and 4.15 am. The three trucks parked in the Panditnagar area of Cidco were set on fire by some unidentified persons. All the three tempos were partially damaged before the incident could come to notice. Rajendra Ghuge has filed a complaint in this regard at the Ambad Police Station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "11532043", "title": "Dolphin carcass found in Howrah", "text": "HOWRAH: The carcass of an adult Ganges river dolphin, listed as endangered by IUCN, was recovered from a sandbank of the Rupnarayan river near the Kolaghat bridge on Tuesday evening. Going by its size, forest department officials suspect that it is a female. They also suspect that the dolphin was pregnant. But it can only be confirmed after a post mortem is done on Wednesday.Around 6.30pm on Tuesday, locals in the Naopala area under the Bagnan police station found the nearly 7ft-long carcass on the sandbank. They informed the forest department. By then, hundreds of people had flocked to the area to catch a glimpse of the rare mammal. River dolphins, though seen at times on the Hooghly, are not a very common sight on the Rupnarayan.\"We have taken the carcass to the forest range office in Uluberia. It could have been killed after being hit by a trawler. However, nothing can be confirmed till we conduct the post mortem on Wednesday,\" said Gautam Chakraborty, divisional forest officer, Howrah.The Ganges River Dolphin is listed by IUCN as endangered and is in Schedule-I of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972. Once found in large numbers, conservationists now believe that less than 2,000 exist in the rivers today. WWF-India has adopted the Ganges River Dolphin as a species of special concern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11535147", "title": "City says 'Ganpati Bappa Morya'", "text": "LUDHIANA: Come January 19 and the city will boast of a Siddhivinayak temple, just like Mumbai's revered one. Devotees are waiting for Thursday to finally behold the idols. Veena Malhotra of Ghumar Mandi said it is more than they could have asked for. \"Now there is no need to travel hundreds of kilometres to the temple in Mumbai,\" she said.Stated to be Punjab's first Siddhivinayak temple, it is all set for an opening in Haibowal and a five-day ceremony of installing idols is already drawing crowds. Hundreds of devotees have been visiting the temple all day long to pay obeisance and participate in bhajans. 'Langar' is being served daily to devotees after the prayers.Excited about having a Sidhivinayak temple in their own city, devotees started thronging it as soon as the foundation stone was laid some years ago. Five different 'swaroops' of Ganesha have also been carved in the temple walls.Residents believe if they visit the temple for 40 days at a stretch, their wish will be fulfilled. Haibowal resident Sunanda Mishra came regularly for 40 days to the temple and said her wish has been fulfilled.Resident of Model Town, Vijay Chopra got to know about the temple from the banners and posters that have been put up across the city for idol installation.Trust president Ravi Nandan Sharma said for eight years, they have been organizing Ganesh Utsav in city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11535360", "title": "Boundary row: CRPF given free rein", "text": "JORHAT: The district administration of Golaghat on Tuesday instructed the (CRPF), officially engaged as a neutral force along the Assam-Nagaland border in Golaghat district, to take all required steps to maintain law and order in areas in the disputed areas.The move comes in the wake of activities by some Nagas in disputed areas of Merapani in the district for the last few days.DC (Golaghat) Sanjib Gohainboruah said, \"We had inputs that some Nagas tried to encroach on our land for the last few days and also cut down some trees to undertake development work at Merapani. On recieving information, we sent a border magistrate with police to take stock of the situation.\"He added, \"Our staff visited the border areas today. We have given clear instructions to the CRPF unit, engaged as neutral force, to take all required steps to maintain law and order there. We also held talks with Nagaland to ensure peace in the disputed areas,\" he said.There is tension among Assamese villagers at Merapani in Golaghat district since Sunday morning after some Nagas cut down trees belonging to the former to construct a new road connecting 4 no Kolajan area and the foothills of Merapani.\"We are living in fear ever since some Nagas entered our villages and destroyed our forests. The Nagas, equipped with automatic weapons, felled a large number of trees owned by Assamese families. They even did not seek permission from us and tried to threaten whenever our people asked the cause behind this devastation,\" said a local resident of 4 no Kolajan area.He added that some Nagas told him that they will construct a road from 4 no Kolajan to Merapani foothills where a Naga village is situated.The officer in charge of Merapani police station, Jayantajit Sinha, said, \"We have got information that the Nagaland administration had conducted a survey to construct a from Kolajan to Merapani foothills a few days ago. We came to know that the Nagas tried to clear the road by cutting trees here on Monday.\"In October last year, the Nagaland government, in a bid to occupy more land along the border, had set up a Naga police camp and taxi stand at Merapani. It had to dismantle them following massive protests by Aasu, KMSS and AJYCP.On August 18, suspected NSCN (IM) rebels set ablaze some houses at upper Merapani and also tried to kill Assamese people there. However, more than 50 families had managed to escape as they moved out from their house at night and took shelter at Merapani police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "11534118", "title": "Software replaces animals in labs", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: In 1989, when Jawaharlal Institute of Postgraduate Medical Education (JIPMER) wanted to cut down on the number of animals being used to teach undergraduate students of medicine, Prof R Raveendran developed a computer-assisted learning package. 'ExPharm' reduced the number of animals being experimented upon and also improved teaching.\"Students could keep repeating the experiments,\" says Raveendran, a professor of pharmacology. He was speaking at a medical education workshop on alternatives to the use of animals in MBBS programmes being held in JIPMER on Tuesday. It is part of a series of workshops organised by People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (Peta) India in medical colleges across the country.Though ExPharm was developed in 1989, Raveendran could not use it for the next five years due to lack of hardware facilities. \"We used the package for the first time in 1994 to demonstrate the effects of drugs on blood pressure and heart rates of dogs. This helped replace experiments on live dogs,\" he says. \"We began developing a set of computer-simulated alternatives to animal experiments as we could not find suitable alternatives in the market.\"The professor says ExPharm can be effectively used to simulate animal experiments and to demonstrate drug actions on different animal systems. The package is user-friendly, interactive and full of animated sequences that make the experience realistic.\"We used a lot of frogs but have stopped since last year,\" says Raveendran. \"We have also cut down on the number of guinea pigs, mice, rats, rabbits, dogs and rabbits being used.\" He says that the number of mandatory animal experiments to be performed by students to pass final examinations was reduced to three from 15 in JIPMER with the introduction of the package.Dr Raveendran utilized the Rs 1.2 grant lakh extended to him by the International Network for Humane Education to distribute 3,000 free CDs to colleges in India and abroad. He has also distributed 1,000 CDs through the Mahatma Gandhi Doerenkamp Centre for Alternatives to Use of Animals in Life Science Education ( MGDCA), Trichy. The package can be downloaded free of cost from MGDCA's website.Elsevier India, professional information provider, has also decided to launch an advanced version, 'ExPharm Pro' in the commercial market soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11532449", "title": "Can pujas be allowed in govt offices? Why not, asks HC", "text": "Chennai: Is conducting Ayudha Puja or Saraswathi Puja in government offices a non-secular activity deserving to be banned? 'No', the Madras high court has ruled.\"Showing respect to the place of work and the objects of work will in no way offend the feelings of others or affect secularism. Ayudha Puja is referable to prayer, reverence or respect given to objects through which an individual performs his profession or occupation. Ayudha Puja in its real terms transcends all religion,\" a division bench of Justice R Sudhakar and Justice Aruna Jagadeesan of the Madras HC has said.Dismissing a public interest writ petition, which sought a direction to the government to prohibit \"all sorts of religious activities within the precincts of government offices\", the bench said an individual showing respect to his occupational tools cannot be said to offend the secular nature of the state.The judges pointed out that Ayudha Puja and Saraswathi Puja fall on holidays and it could not be concluded that it was the state which performed these pujas at office.\"In government offices, if an individual shows respect and reverence to the materials, books, files or records which are being handled by the individual, it will be referable to his individual freedom and there is nothing to show that it affects the secular nature of the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11532588", "title": "2 chemist shops allotted at GMCH", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the view to provide an option to patients taking treatment at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), two chemist shops have been allotted recently. Prior to this, there was just one shop running within the campus. These shops which had bid for the open tender have gone for an annual rent of Rs 16 lakh each, per month. The shops will have to provide 15-30% discounts on medicine and surgical items.For over six months, no chemist was applying for the shops with the condition to provide discount. \"To bring the surgical items and medicines at par with the PGI (15% off on branded medicine and 30% off on surgical and generic medicines), GMCH had invited open tenders on May 3. The chemists association opposed the move therefore no one showed interest in the bid. Retendering had been invited. Finally the chemists agreed,\" said medical superintendent, Dr Vipin Kaushal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11532633", "title": "Voices grow against political funding from tobacco firms", "text": "PUNE: Voices of Tobacco Victims, a support group of cancer survivors and medical practitioners, led by Mumbai's Tata Memorial Hospital doctors have asked the state election commission (SEC) to ban political funding by tobacco companies ahead of the civic elections in the state.\"We insist that the election commission immediately ban funding by tobacco companies to political parties. We met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan recently to seek the government's support to our campaign. Political parties are known to go soft on tobacco companies at the central, state and local levels as they get funds from them,\" Pankaj Chaturvedi, associate professor, head and neck department, Tata Memorial Hospital, Mumbai, said.According to Chaturvedi, around 90% patients diagnosed with cancer of the head and neck, have a tobacco-use history. Around 50 % suffer from advanced stage cancer and despite treatment survive for about a year, he said.In Pune, anti-tobacco groups which had supported Anna Hazare's agitation against corruption, want political parties to take a stand on tobacco addiction. \"The PMC had announced a ban on sale of tobacco products, including hookahs, at eating joints. Hookah parlours have come up in Kondhwa, Baner, Kharadi, Bavdhan, Paud Phata, Deccan and Camp. We want political parties to take stand,\" Ketan Jamkar, a youth activist from India Against Corruption , said. Political parties taking funds and supporting tobacco industry should be banned from contesting elections, he added.Medical practitioners across the state have joined 'Voice of Tobacco Victims' (VOV) forum. Patients who have lost a part of their body to cancer have come together to speak about the adverse effects of tobacco on their lives and families. The organization has already approached political parties and the state EC and will soon submit a memorandum to the latter.India has ratified the World Health Organization's Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (FCTC) in 2004 and is obligated to adopt and implement effective legislation aimed at reducing tobacco use and tobacco smoke exposure.One of the FCTC's guiding principles is that participation of civil society is required in achieving the objectives. VOV, by submitting its demand to the election commission, is taking forward this agenda in the civic polls.Additional chief secretary of the SEC Chand Goyal said, \"There is a demand to ban political funding by tobacco companies and the issue is being discussed at the central and state election commission levels. However, there are technicalities in the decision-making process of the central election commission.\"Satej Patil, minister of state for home and minister for FDA, said political parties must take a stand on funding by tobacco companies. \"Tobacco is big menace and unless we make it a political issue we are not going to save the next generation. In fact, there should be consensus within the political fraternity to avoid funding from tobacco companies,\" Patil said.\"General elections are a platform to spread the message. We want to mobilise the community and to take up the fight against political funding by tobacco companies,\" Bapu Mane, a cancer patient from Pune, said. He has lost a major portion of his cheek to cancer even though he has undergone two surgeries.Akkatai Gaikwad, who chewed mishri (roasted tobacco), said cancer patients can raise awareness about the tobacco industry - its goals, size and operation, strategies to promote products, and to implement strong tobacco control policies by gaining influence and credibility with policy makers and the public.According to the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids, the tobacco industry in India is divided into three distinct and powerful sectors: Bidis (hand-rolled in tendu leaves), smokeless tobacco (mainly chewing tobacco) and cigarettes. Bidis take up 48% of the market, smokeless tobacco occupies 38% and cigarettes 14% of the market share.Vilas Baba Jawal, an anti-tobacco campaign activist from Jawalwadi in Satara district, said, \"Local elections are important for the anti-tobacco campaign in our taluka. We need zilla parishad and gram panchayat members to support the campaign and not sabotage it. We have asked candidates in local elections to take an oath that they will not take any help from tobacco traders.\"Jawali has already become the first taluka in the state to ban alcohol. Thirteen licensed liquor shops have been closed down officially in six villages. Now, with the women of Nandgane stopping the use of any kind of tobacco, particularly the use of mishri, the taluka is well on its way to becoming tobacco-free as well.Anti-addiction agendaCity youths want the civic body to initiate action against eateries providing tobacco products, especially hookahs and want political parties to make addiction a poll issue.The civic body says it can only cancel food licences of restaurants and bars operating hookah bars if traces of intoxicants are found in the molasses collected from these places.The FDA said there was no special provision or act to help the FDA check hookah bars, the police blamed the PMC for 'inactiveness', saying that the state government had issued a notification that the health department of the PMC should enforce the Tobacco Act, 2003.Survey paints gloomy pictureAccording to the global adult tobacco survey of 2010, 35% of adults in India use tobacco in some form or the other. Among them, 21% use smokeless tobacco, 9% smoke, and 5% smoke as well as use smokeless tobacco. As per this report, the estimated number of tobacco users in India is 274.9 million", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11536450", "title": "Clinical expertise saves premature baby", "text": "PUNE: Richa Nangia's previous three pregnancies ended abruptly in tragedy. This was the last chance the thirty-year-old had of becoming a mother.Nangia, who suffers from an inherent inability to retain pregnancy beyond 24 weeks, delivered a girl weighing 700 grams at 27 weeks of pregnancy at the Aditya Birla Memorial Hospital in Chinchwad recently. High-end life support measures and clinical expertise of a team of doctors made it possible for her. \"My doctors had told me that I would never be able to conceive after this, not even through assisted reproductive techniques like IVF (in-vitro fertilisation),\" said Nangia.Her first pregnancy had not matured beyond 24 weeks and the baby died in-utero due to placental insufficiency, amniotic fluid and intra uterine growth retardation (IUGR). The second time round, doctors at the hospital where Nangia was being treated tried infusing fluid, but in vain. After two miscarriages and failure in getting pregnant the third time, Nangia was referred to the Aditya Birla Memorial Hospital under the treatment of IVF specialist Anil Chitake.\"On investigations it was revealed that she had high levels of Thyroid antibodies in her system and her uterus had obliterated because of adhesions,\" explained Chitake, who then conducted hysteroscopic fertility enhancement surgery after which she conceived again, but had a miscarriage the third time.Nangia became pregnant for the fourth time naturally. Her obstetrician made it clear that this was her last chance of bearing a child. \"We were very careful with her as this was her last chance. We monitored her regularly. We noticed her blood pressure had increased during the 5th month of pregnancy. We continued the pregnancy till 6-6.5 months on medications. But, regular sonography showed that the blood supply to the fetus was deteriorating and the fluid was drying up,\" said Chitake. \"The only chance of saving the baby was an emergency lower segment caesarean section, which was carried out and she delivered on August 11, 2011,\" he added.The baby was only 700 gms at birth and her chances of survival were remote. All the organs, such as lungs, digestive system, brain, were underdeveloped and the baby had severe difficulty in breathing.Neonatologist Sachin Shah, director, paediatrics and neonatology at Aditya Birla Hospital, immediately shifted the baby to the advanced Neo-natal Intensive Care Unit and put her on ventilator support. \"Emphasis was given on creation of an environment similar to mother's womb so that baby would be able to grow in a natural way,\" Shah said.There were many ups and downs during the stay in the hospital since this was a very rare case. \"The baby suffered a setback on the 22nd day in the form of a suspected infection and needed higher antibiotic and again the help of the ventilator to breathe,\" said Shah.All vital parameters and body functions were closely monitored by a trained team of doctors and nurses. The ventilator-assisted breathing continued for 10 more days. After being removed from CPAP, the baby still needed supplemental oxygen till the 35th day. She made good progress with proper growth and development of full fortified feeds. \"The most important fact was that her brain growth continued normally. It was confirmed with regular ultrasound scans of the brain and her eyes remained only mildly affected by retinopathy of prematurity, indicating a normal vision later,\" Shah said.The team comprising neonatal intensivists Amita kaul, Priya Mankare, Pushkar Bhide, Rahul Kallianpur, Suhas Chowghule, Ajay Walimbe and Sachin Admuthe, headed by Shah saw their efforts bear fruit, when the baby was discharged after 82 days. At the time of discharge on October 31, 2011, the baby weighed 1.87 kg and all her organs had matured normally. \"We could not express our happiness in words,\" smiled Nangia.\"There is lot of ignorance about the outcome of such babies. Many people think that it is futile to treat such babies since they will not survive and will not be able to lead a normal life later on. That is a myth. If treated properly (in the right place by the right people) the chances of such babies surviving are very high. Not only do they survive, but they grow up to become healthy childrenMany such babies have been successfully treated at ABMH,\" said Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11536370", "title": "I am famous for being weird: Kate Beckinsale", "text": "The UK born actress, Kate Beckinsale , who put a spell on the audience with her ferocious avatar of the werewolf-slaying vampire Selene in the film Underworld, is back in action with its fourth sequel called as \"Underworld Awakening\".The sequel will be the first 3D film in the franchise and will feature Kate as the vampire warrioress who leads the battle against humankind. Kate spoke about her upcoming film of Sony Pictures \"Underworld Awakening\"It was nearly nine years ago that the prequel of Underworld Awakening was shot. What according to you is a factor that has made the series so popular? I think people really like it when a female-driven action movie works because it's so unusual. I remember loving Alien because of how empowering it was to see Sigourney Weaver actually do all that. Every TV show, every movie, every book, has got vampires and werewolves in it now, which is weird. I remember when Len (Beckinsale's husband and Underworld co-creator, Len Wiseman) first sent the script , he was saying \"We've had vampire movies, we've had werewolf movies, but we haven't had a mainstream movie with both of them in it.\" It seems amazing that somebody could ever have said that given the climate we're in now.There are people out there who are unfamiliar with the franchise. How would the film charm them? All the characters basically, apart from me, are new. So the fans of the series are meeting them for the first time, just as much as people who've never seen it before. So I think it should work on both levels.How different is this film from its prequels? In the previous films the humans weren't really aware of all this going on, whereas in this movie it's become almost recognised as a kind of plague. Now they're being purged. By the time I wake from my 12 year cryo-freeze, the whole world has changed. So I'm starting the movie kind of like the audience is, going, 'What the hell is going on here?'What is the most attractive thing about your role? Selene's got these warrior skills and everything, but she's still very much female. She was kind of a lone wolf, rebellious and yet very passionate. She had a lot of good stuff. I just felt there was a lot there that was rather endearing in an odd way. And certainly for me, just in terms of my career, I was sort of frustrated at finding that every time I went for a movie where the character was a cop or something, they'd say, \"Well she's very soft and British... We sort of think of her more in a period movie.\" So for me it was really a question of seeing if I could pull it off or if they were right.Rumors have it that your costume turned out to be one of the biggest challenges on the sets, is it true? It was actually a bit funny. You put anything on that you first put on nine years before and you kind of go, 'Bloody hell, I hope it fits!' (Laughs)... I was rather relieved that it was fine. But it was a bit of a time-travel moment. We did some underwater stuff. And I found swimming in the corset was a little bit... It's very hard when you've got a corset on to take a big enough breath to actually be underwater for very long. So that was kind of tough. But, it was a pretty smooth shoot, I have to say.When the first film Underworld was made, did you think it would have 3 sequels to it ? (Laughs)... For me it was an experiment to see if anyone including myself would actually buy me doing this stuff. So the thought of it going on to two, three, or four films, was very much contingent on whether or not it worked. So, no, not at all. And I certainly didn't think it would become one of the things that was most associated with me, because it was probably the movie I did that was the most far removed from myself.Was Underworld a big career changer for you? It was and I think I was a bit late to the game of realizing quite how much. I was, what, 28, when I did it? And I'd been solidly working for a good ten years before that. Now all of a sudden you're 'action girl'. I had to fight so hard to actually be in Underworld. Then, suddenly, I was so bought as that character it was almost like the other stuff never happened. It did open up an awful lot of stuff to me that had not been available to me before, so I was very grateful for that. But it's strange to become much more famous for something that's so far away from your sensibility and for being weird. It's not bad!What are your future projects? There's Contraband (costarring Mark Wahlberg ); that's coming out first. Then there's Underworld. And I've just finished Total Recall with Colin Farrell , Jessica Biel and Bryan Cranston (for director, Len Wiseman). I literally just finished that a few weeks ago. Three movies back to back, I think, is plenty for this year (laughs)...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11531666", "title": "Surcharge shocker for AP power consumers", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the AP Electricity Regulatory Commission (ERC) on Tuesday night approving the fuel surcharge proposals submitted by four discoms, nearly 2.2 crore power consumers across the state will have to cough up nearly Rs 3,050 crore passed on to them by the discoms for the power purchased by them at exorbitant rates during the years 2008-09 and 2009-10.\"The fuel surcharge will be collected from the consumers with immediate effect though there could be a delay with regard to some categories of consumers due to a stay granted by the AP High Court,\" AP Transco chairman Ajay Jain told TOI. According to sources, depending on the consumption, the fuel surcharge could range from Rs 120 per year to several thousand rupees per consumer.However, in a big relief to the domestic consumers, they need not pay the fuel surcharge for 2008-09 as then chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy had agreed for the state to reimburse their share to the discoms. But industrial and commercial consumers will have to pay the fuel surcharge for 2008-09. For the year 2009-10, all consumers including domestic have to pay the surcharge as YSR's successor K Rosaiah had refused to take care of the dues of the domestic consumers. Since the 28.5 lakh agriculture farmers in the state are being supplied free power, the fule surcharge will not apply to them.Of the total Rs 3,050 crore that the discoms are coughing up from the various consumers for those two years, the domestic sector will have to pay Rs 807 crore. \"The domestic consumers will have to pay about 0.18 paise per unit in addition to their regular bill which means about 18% increase in their bills from next month onwards,\" said a senior official with the AP Transco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11532232", "title": "BMTC buses stranded", "text": "BANGALORE: About 25 BMTC buses were stranded in the gridlock near Mysore Bank Circle. Most of these buses were Majestic-bound and some were headed to Yeshwanthpur and Rajajinagar. They were stuck for about 45 minutes and BMTC officials rerouted most of the buses in the area.\"We consulted traffic police chief MA Saleem and he directed us to reroute all Majestic-bound buses through Cubbon Park. We have almost 200 trips through Majestic which were affected by the crisis but the impact was not felt in other areas,\" said MP Prabhudas, chief traffic manager (operations), BMTC.BMTC officials said Shivajinagar and K R Market-bound buses were not affected at all and most commuters took buses from these two termini to reach other places of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh/moga", "code": "11534589", "title": "SAD leader\u2019s son in 17cr paddy scam", "text": "CHANDIGARH/MOGA: Nearly 338 wagonloads worth of FCI paddy priced over Rs 17 crore which had been stored by Markfed in Moga has gone missing, putting a local SAD leader's role under scanner, much to the embarrassment of the ruling alliance.Despite Markfed asking the police to register a case against the mill owners after its own investigation, the Moga police is still \"investigating'' the facts, although the cooperative body has already suspended the then district manager and a branch manager after fixing the blame.Highly-placed sources said the case came to the notice of Markfed authorities early this month when the stock was checked after a new district manager took over.\"A flying squad visited Moga on Saturday to check the stocks of 2010-2011 paddy worth 465 wagonloads lying in Avtar Rice and General Mills owned by Mandeep Singh Brar. The squad found 338 wagonloads of paddy valued at Rs 17 crore missing,\" the sources said.Mandeep Brar is the son of a local Akali leader, Jagtar Singh Rajjeana, who was a contender for a SAD ticket for Bagha Purana, and had rebelled when it was denied to him. Rajjeana's father Sadhu Singh was a former MLA.Markfed has taken disciplinary action against the then district manager who was transferred to Muktsar on December 23 to comply with Election Commission's guidelines, and suspended him and the branch manager after the two failed to explain the missing stocks.SSP Moga Inderbir Singh confirmed that he had received the Markfed report. \"I got the report on Monday. We are investigating the matter, then a case would be registered,\" he said. Repeated attempts to contact Rajjeana and Mandeep failed as they did not attend the phone calls.Elections 2012 NewsPunjab Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "you first heard it in mumbai mirror", "code": "11535292", "title": "Sajid Nadiadwala to make a series of Judwaa films", "text": "You first heard it in Mumbai Mirror: the fact that Saif Ali Khan will do Judwaa 2. And now we can reveal that Sajid Nadiadwala is planning on an entire Judwaa franchise with every subsequent chapter featuring a different leading man and to be directed by a budding new name.\"Yes, I will be making a series of Judwaa films. But the whole idea is to have different actors playing double roles every time. Like after Salman, it is Saif in Judwaa 2, similarly, we will have actors who haven't played double roles before in Judwaa 3 and so on,\" said Nadiadwala, confirming the news.Further, word is that Ranbir Kapoor is all geared to pull off the Ram-aur-Shyam act in Judwaa 3 and A-listers like Akshay Kumar, Imran Khan and Ranveer Singh, all of whom Nadiadwala's production house has already spoken to, are in the reckoning for further installments of Judwaa.Why such a long gap? \"After Judwaa, Sajid waited for years and years for the same Salman-David Dhawan team to come up with a winning sequel. That was a tactical error and the franchise got stuck in a creative deadlock until Sajid decided he would carry the Judwaa concept forward, not with a series of sequels but independent films, each featuring a top star in a double role, and directed by a fresh director,\" a source close to Nadiadwala revealed.So what about Salman? The idea was carried forward only after it got the actor's nod. Said the source, \"As far as Sajid was concerned, Judwaa was Salman's project. Even Salman had made it clear that if he ever did another double role, it would be Judwaa 2. However, that's where the matter stood stagnant until Sajid suggested Judwaa become an ongoing series featuring different heroes in double roles. Salman loved the idea. Sajid would've never taken Judwaa to another level if Salman had not approved\".Meanwhile, Nadiadwala's buddy Sajid Khan will direct Judwaa 2, slated to be one of the most expensive films to go on the floors in 2012.What look will Saif sport in the film? \"We are flying down special prosthetics from the US in the first week of February. We want the two Saifs to look very different from each other. The look test will be done in February and then, we'll take a call,\" said Nadiadwala. \"One thing I can tell you about the franchise; Judwaa will be high on content each time,\" he assured.Well, there is one thing we can definitely tell you: none of the Judwaa series is ever going to feature Shah Rukh Khan. Nadiadwala would never do anything to hurt close buddy Salman...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531732", "title": "Class 10 certificate cannot be sole basis for change in DOB, AG had said", "text": "New Delhi: Three opinions given by the attorney general guided the defence ministry's stand on Army chief General V K Singh's complaints on his age records. These three documents will be crucial to the legal defence the government will mount against Gen Singh's challenge in the Supreme Court.Of the three opinions, the last one became the basis for MoD rejecting the statutory complaint filed by Gen Singh. The MoD rejection of his statutory complaint forced the Army chief to go to the Supreme Court. The last opinion of attorney general G E Vahanvati was a much shorter version of his earlier two opinions which were given when Gen Singh filed his first complaint with the MoD.\"I am of the view that the matriculation certificate cannot be the sole basis on which the date of birth can be sought to be changed at this stage,\" the AG said in his third, and final, opinion.In his last opinion, running into nine pages, Vahanvati outright rejected Gen Singh's demand that 1951 should be treated as his year of birth and not 1950. He also argued that the Army chief may not have made any effort to correct his date of birth until 2006. \"It is pertinent to note that there is no record available of any effort to correct the date of birth between 1971 (when the SSC certificate was purportedly received) and 2006,\" the AG said.He also rejected the Army chief's contention that his Record of Service contained May 10, 1951 as the date of birth. \"The complainant relies on the Record of Service in which the date of birth is mentioned as May 10, 1951 and the fact that it was countersigned by the officiating Commanding Officer. However, this is a document which was prepared by the complainant himself and cannot be the basis for the complaint,\" the AG said.In the more detailed first two responses, too, the AG had taken a strident stand against any possible changes to the date of birth at this stage.The AG had pointed out that it was based on a commitment given by Gen Singh to his predecessor, then Army chief Gen Deepak Kapoor, that \"papers were placed before the ACC (Appointments Committee of Cabinet) and the ACC note on the selection of the COAS accordingly mentioned that the officer had accepted the date of birth as May 10, 1950\".Citing this letter, and other two commitments given by Gen Singh to the Army headquarters in the past, Vahanvati wrote, \"Having regard to the letters as set out hereinabove, there is a clear case of estoppel and waiver and this position in law is well settled.\" Gen Singh maintains that at least on two occasions, he was 'coerced' into giving the commitments to 1950 as year of birth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11530285", "title": "10 held in drug busts across city", "text": "MUMBAI: The Narcotics Control Bureau and the anti-narcotics cell of the Mumbai police recently arrested ten persons in a series of raids across the city.On Sunday, the NCB arrested five persons who were carrying 4.8 kg of charas.In another raid, the ANC picked up one Nigerian and one Tanzanian and recovered 20 g of cocaine from them.A 45-year-old man from Bhiwandi was also arrested for possession of 30 g of cocaine. Earlier this week, two women had been arrested from Kamathipura with a total of 60 g of heroin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11532072", "title": "Four months over, police yet to arrest Zutshi", "text": "JAIPUR: The effort of Jaipur police to arrest senior IAS officer Vinod Zutshi, who is wanted in a corruption case by a court here, are reaching nowhere. For more than four months now, the Jaipur police has been unable to trace the government officer against whom the court has repeatedly issued non-bailable arrest warrants. Anticipatory bail applications by the officer have already been turned down by both lower and high courts.Zutshi is currently serving as a deputy election commissioner with the Election Commission of India (ECI) and was overseeing preparations for the Uttar Pradesh assembly polls. As part of his election duties, the officer was reportedly making public appearances, sometimes addressing the media, in UP.\"The police are deliberately not arresting Zutshi. When the government officer is reporting on duty, how can he remain untraceable?\" said Ajay Jain, counsel for one Bhagwat Gaur who has accused the officer, along with three others, of corruption in the Jal Mahal land lease case. \"If the police was sincere in its efforts, it could have sought assistance from the ECI and the police chiefs of Delhi and UP,\" Jain reasoned.The city police commissioner, however, refuted the allegations. \"We have sent our team to New Delhi to seek assistance from the ECI and the local police there to nab the officer. We are hopeful of arresting him by weekend when the case is to be heard again by the court,\" B L Soni, commissioner of police told TOI on Tuesday.According to sources, the two-member Jaipur police team was facing a 'non-cooperative attitude' from Delhi authorities in connection with the execution of the court order about the officer's arrest.Zutshi is accused of misusing his office to illegally lease out 100 acres of government land adjoining the Jal Mahal Lake in Jaipur to a private party for 99 years under a planned conspiracy. Based on a complaint, the trial court issued non-bailable arrest warrants against Zutshi, RAS officer Hirdesh Kumar Sharma, one Rakesh Saini and a local businessman Navratan Kothari on September 9, 2011.Zutshi was involved in the deal as chairman of theRTDC during 2005-06. The RTDC handed over the land to businessman Kothari's M/s Jal Mahal Resorts Pvt Ltd for developing tourist facilities around the lake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11533964", "title": "Plan to supply treated sewage to industries", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (CMWSSB) plans to set up a tertiary treatment reverse osmosis ( TTRO) plant, where sewage will be treated and supplied to industries. Tenders have been invited for preparing a detailed project report for the proposed 45 Million Litres per Day (MLD) plant at Koyambedu.Presently, the board's five sewage treatment plants treat 460 MLD of water which is discharged into the sea after secondary treatment as per Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board norms.The secondary treatment is designed to degrade the biological content of sewage, while tertiary treatment is meant to raise the effluent quality before it is discharged. Reverse osmosis is done to reduce phosphorous levels in the effluent.Now, the CMWSSB has decided to treat the sewage thrice and supply it to industries. \"We supply 50 MLD of pure water to industries. This can be saved if treated sewage is supplied to them. They can use it for non-drinking purposes, including for toilets. Even commercial establishments can be supplied this,\" said a CMWSSB official.This will be a pilot project. \"We have to see how it runs and also study the economics. Then we can build additional plants once in 2-3 years. It is costly to set up such units. So we need to be doubly sure about their efficacy,\" he said.Officials said the industries department earlier tried to treat waste water. \"As we have the expertise they handed it over to us. We hope it will be successful as the demand in Chennai is likely to shoot up to 2,248 MLD by 2026 and the availability is pegged at 1,615 MLD,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11533979", "title": "5 yrs after car accident, insurance firm told to pay 3.5L for repairs", "text": "CHENNAI: A resident of Thanjavur, whose five-month-old Ford Fiesta met with an accident in August 2006, is yet to fully repair his vehicle as the insurance company refused to reimburse the money required for repairs. The State Consumer Disputes' Redressal Commission has ordered that Ujval Deep Gaderao Saheb of Thiruvaiyaru be paid Rs 3.56 lakh with interest at 7.5% from February 2008.Ujval Deep purchased the car on March 31, 2006 and got it insured. He registered the vehicle temporarily and got a certificate which was valid from April to June 2006. On August 22, he met with an accident. Though no one was hurt, the vehicle was damaged. He informed the insurance company but the firm refused to reimburse the amount for repair on the ground that driving a vehicle without a valid registration was an offence under the Motor Vehicles Act.Since the district consumer forum dismissed the complaint in April 2010, Ujval Deep approached the state forum. A bench of Justice M Thanikachalam and J Jayaram observed that nowhere was it stated that the insurance firm was not liable to reimburse the damage if the vehicle was not permanently registered. In this case, even before the date of registration - permanent or temporary - the insurance policy was issued with effect from March 31, 2006. This shows the company had undertaken to indemnify the car owner if anything happened during the coverage period .Though Ujval Deep had committed an offence in driving the vehicle without permanent registration, this would not invalidate the terms of the policy, the forum said.As per the insurance estimate, the total amount was fixed at Rs 3,56,083. The bench decided to award this amount as compensation. Rounding off the figure, the bench directed that Rs 3,56,100 be paid with interest at 7.5% from the date of notice on February 9, 2008, with a cost of Rs 2,000 within three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "gorakhpur", "code": "11532994", "title": "Poorvanchal: High on mantris, low on progress", "text": "GORAKHPUR: The de facto capital of the proposed Poorvanchal state has produced an enviable number of ministers - far more than any other UP region. Yet, Gorakhpur and Basti divisions remain backward and caught in a time warp.If Mayawati had six ministers from the two divisions, there were seven in the Kalyan Singh government . In 2003, when Mulayam Singh was CM, he had 13. Maya dropped four of the six Gorakhpur ministers. Some among them had progressed from being mafia to MLA and then ministers.Ask people here about development and they go blank. \"Ask me about development of individuals (read politicians), ask me who travelled on rickshaws a few years ago and how he now travels in an SUV,\" Kailash Chand, a resident of Betiahata in the city, said. \"Development has been snail slow,\" Ranvijay Singh , a teacher in Padrauna Assembly segment of Kushinagar district, said. Pascal works for a pharmaceutical company and has lived in Gorakhpur for 12 years. \"I've always seen the city like it is today. Electricity crisis is chronic and water shortages are never ending. Roads have remained the same for years,\" he said.Flyovers, under construction for ever, are now ineffective. A city resident said: \"The Dharmshala flyover was conceived sometime in 2002. It got ready in 2007. By this time, the number of cars and people had taken a giant leap.\"Gorakhpur's lone Baba Raghav Das Medical College has been on the sickbed for ages. People prefer private nursing homes. Japanese encephalitis is endemic and private medical practitioners make a killing.Gorakhpur's neighbouring Kushinagar district, famous as Gautam Buddha's Mahaparinirvaan Sthal, hasn't even had Gorakhpur's level of development. In 2007, Maya's confidant Swami Prasad Maurya represented Padrauna. Barring a four-lane highway and a few main arteries, other roads are in a shambles. Power is a serious problem.\"The district got uninterrupted supply just before Maurya contested by-elections from Padrauna,\" Pramod Singh, who runs a stationery shop in the town, said. Things worsened thereafter. The districts are among the most backward in the state. The local economy is agrarian. Often referred to as \"mini Punjab\", Poorvanchal has rice mills. Barring one assembly unit for machines meant to sift rice, the district has no industries.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11535548", "title": "Check vehicles in presence of EC team: IG to cops", "text": "VARANASI: As part of a drive to check transfer of black money, the police teams will now check any vehicle only in the presence of static surveillance teams and flying squads constituted by the district election officers. A letter to this effect was received at the offices of DIG and district election officer on Tuesday.In the letter, dated January 12, inspector general (law and order) Bhavesh Kumar Singh has mentioned that some complaints have been received about checking of vehicles for detecting unaccounted huge cash amounts by the police teams alone. Singh has, thus, directed the police teams to do such checking only in the presence of surveillance teams and flying squads constituted for strict implementation of model code of conduct in view of assembly election.This letter has reached the district at a time when the local traders have already opened front against the district administration and police. The traders have alleged that the machinery is harassing them in the name of vehicle-checking drives. The traders had also given a call for 'Banaras bandh' on Monday, which evoked a good response. This bandh call was given by Kashi Vyapar Pratinidhi Mandal, Varanasi Vyapar Mandal and Zila Udyog Vyapar Mandal, while over 100 other associations of traders, petroleum dealers, medicine market traders and Income Tax Bar Association extended their support to it.The traders have also warned that if their harassment continued, they could give a call for indefinite closure of markets.What has angered the traders' fraternity is the seizure of Rs 1.25 crore in 13 cases during the checking drive launched about 20 days back. All these cases were handed over to income tax department for further investigation. After these developments, the traders had met the district election officer and IG, Range but these officials expressed their inability in stopping the ongoing checking drives. On getting no relief from the officials, the traders gave the call for bandh.When DIG, Ram Kumar was contacted on Tuesday, he reiterated that there is a strict directive from election commission to check the misuse of money power during the assembly election process, at any cost. The drives to check the transaction of huge unaccounted cash are continuing in the light of same directive, said Kumar adding, this drive could not be stopped. He said that the police were responsible for checking of vehicles only as the responsibility of investigation in the cases of seized cash has been given to income tax department. He said that not a single case of harassment of any individual in the name of checking had been reported to him by anyone, so far.Ravindra said that if anyone is being harassed by policemen in the name of checking, he could contact him as well as other senior officers immediately. He said that if the complaint would be found as true, action would be initiated.The IGG has directed the police teams to do such checking only in the presence of surveillance teams and flying squads constituted for strict implementation of model code of conduct.UP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11536643", "title": "\u2018Varsities must improve gross enrollment ratio\u2019", "text": "MYSORE: According to the National Knowledge Commission, more universities should come up to improve the gross enrollment ratio in the country, said P Venkataramaiah, former vice-chancellor, Kuvempu University, after inaugurating the five-day executive development programme at Sri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering.Venkataramaiah said: \"At present, the percentage for higher education in the country is just 15%. If we want to reach the target of 25% by 2030, we need to come out with 1,500 universities. At present we have just 559 universities,\" He called upon the principals of colleges to take primary initiatives to bring quadrilateral changes in colleges. The government wants to initiate many programmes, but it is the responsibility of the principals to implement it effectively, said Venkatramaiah, and called upon the students to improve group discussion and communication skills.Universities can't be generated in a short period, so make a cluster of colleges and come out with multi-campus universities, so that resources can be shared. He also called upon the principals to involve students in extension programmes and sensitize students about societal problems. Identify problems in the society and see that they come out with innovative solutions for those issues, pointed Venkataramaiah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chandanagore", "code": "11532119", "title": "Debt-ridden farmer kills self", "text": "CHANDANAGORE: A 46-year-old farmer committed suicide after returning from his fields in Haripal's Bandipur on Tuesday morning, fueling allegations that he killed himself because he was unable to sell his harvest or repay his debts.This is the third farmer suicide in the state in less than a week. On Saturday, paddy farmer Tapas Majhi hanged himself in Suluntu village in Purbasthali, Burdwan. A day later, potato farmer Rabindranath Patra, 28, of Begpur in Burdwan took pesticide and died in hospital.The families of both victims say they were driven to despair because they did not get the proper price for their crops. The administration, however, denied that any of the suicides were due to crop prices or debt.Even in Tuesday's case, the administration refuses to admit that Ganesh Durlabh committed suicide because he could not sell his harvest. The police say he killed himself due to a domestic squabble with his son and daughter-in-law. Ganesh's wife, Asha, however has a different story. She said that he was unable to sell off the potatoes he had sown last year and suffered a huge debt this year because he could not sell his paddy crop or even the few vegetables he had grown. \"He had taken a loan of Rs 3,000 from the Panishaula agri-credit society and Rs 10,000 from elsewhere. There was no way he could have paid off the debt,\" she said. Bandipur's gram panchayat pradhan Kanchan Durlabh made the same allegation. The panchayat is run by the CPM.Chandannagore SDPO Tathagata Chowdhury, however, contradicted these claims. \"We enquired into the matter. They have a recurring family dispute which led to this death. We spoke with locals and family members. The victim did not agree to his son's marriage. He had constant squabbles with his son and daughter-in-law. In fact they had one last night itself,\" he said.Haripal MLA Becharam Manna, one of the leaders of the Singur movement, backed the administration. \"The victim was also a decorator. Whenever a cultivator heads for his fields, he knows it might lead to a loss. There are other farmers there, why didn't they choose the same path. The allegations aren't true. A family dispute was behind this death.\"Asha said Ganesh had gone to the fields early morning as usual, raising no suspicion. He took pesticide and died on the way to Haripal hospital. Police have registered a case of unnatural death case and sent the body for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531618", "title": "Baglifters target actress, cops see thak-thak gang imprint", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bollywood actress Kashmira Shah became the latest victim of bag lifting while she was in the capital for a shooting assignment. Unidentified persons broke her car's windshield and decamped with her bag which contained credit cards and cash. The incident was reported from Naraina area in southwest Delhi on Monday evening.\"The modus operandi of the miscreants resembles that of a thak-thak gang - infamous for robbing people by knocking on their car windows. However, it could also be the handiwork of a 'gulel gang' which uses catapults to break car windows. We have registered a case and are on the lookout for the accused,\" said a senior police officer.The actress had parked her car, a Xylo, outside the Naraina studio. When she came out of the studio after the shoot, she discovered that the windscreen glass was broken and her bag was missing, said cops. The bag contained several credit cards along with cash, said cops.The cops are interrogating several persons in this regard and claim to solve the case at the earliest. Kashmira is the granddaughter of Hindustani classical singer, Anjanibai Lolekar. She has appeared in numerous Hindi and Marathi films. She has appeared in many Hindi films, most notably, Yes Boss, Pyaar To Hona Hi Tha, Jungle and My Bollywood Bride. She also made a special appearance in a song in the film, Murder. She is known for her dancing numbers in films like Vaastav and Aankhen", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535350", "title": "Sadda Adda's actors at ticket counters", "text": "The tried and tested methods of promoting a film were just too conventional for the makers of Sadda Adda. The filmmakers got actors - Shaurya Chauhan, Shahid Mallya, Bhaumik Sampat and Kunal Pant - to sit at ticket counters of multiplexes around the city to request moviegoers to watch their film.An eyewitness informed, \"Anyone who would come to buy tickets would be first told to book tickets for Sadda Adda by the actors even though some walked in to watch other films. Some of them obliged, the rest decided to see the film they originally came for.\"The film, which released last week, didn't do too well at the box office. And apparently, the actors have taken it upon themselves to improve the film's collections. In fact, their extreme measures put them in a very awkward situation. The eyewitness explained, \"During one of their attempts to convince a moviegoer to watch Sadda Adda, the person politely told them that he was the producer of Chaalis Chaurasi and had come to watch his film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11531982", "title": "Registration process a bit different this year", "text": "JAIPUR: For the visitors looking forward to Jaipur Literature Festival - 2012, the organisers have introduced some changes in terms of providing parking facilities and making registration process more transparent and friendly. Special cabs will be available to carry the elderly and physically challenged to the venue.Vehicles could be parked inside the Soochana Kendra and Maharani's College and no parking would be allowed at the venue.\"We will provide cabs to carry the elderly and physically challenged to the venue,\" said Sanjoy Roy of Teamworks on Tuesday, who is also the producer of Jaipur Literature Festival.Darbaar Hall, Front Lawns and Mughal Tent that hold sessions have been expanded to accommodate more people, he added. \"Our team and owners of the Diggi Palace have tried to make tents more spacious to allow more people to attend sessions of their choice,\" Roy added. \"Unlike every year, this time every single visitor from students to professionals will have to register themselves and provide valid identity proofs.\"\"There will be separate lanes for authors, delegates, guests, visitors and media persons. Likewise, a team of 50 people will take care of the registration, not only at the desk but will also facilitate people to register on the road leading to the venue itself,\" an organiser said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11533054", "title": "Pongal celebrations for Dindigul ponies", "text": "MADURAI: While 'mattu pongal', the festival for cattle was celebrated in a grand manner in many southern districts on Monday, a group of people living in the Sirumalai hill, in Dindigul district celebrated the festival for their ponies, which play an important role in their lives.Sirumalai is a hillock surrounded by Vadipatti, Madurai, Alanganallur and Kodai Road without any connection with the steep slopes of the western ghats. This hill is 1,200 metres above sea level and spread over an area of 60,000 hectares. It is known for its special variety of bananas known as 'malai vazhaipazham'. Coffee, medicinal plants, mulberry and a variety of fruits are cultivated on private and government lands here. Comprising of 10 villages including Palaiyur, Sirumalai Pudur and Anna Nagar, only 30% of this hilly terrain is covered by roads and ponies are the best mode of transport.N K Sami Krisnan (70) of Palaiyur who has been in the pony trade for the past 50 years can identify the best animals by studying the knots formed on its fir. \"The best pony will have 11 knots on various parts of its body,\" he said. Villagers depend on ponies to transport their forest produce and hence these beasts are reared with care. According to K Suseendran, a pony can carry 100 kgs at a time. \"We take care to protect the pony by padding it with natural pith before loading anything on its back. If not for these animals, we would not have any livelihood,\" he said.On the day after the pongal festival, the villagers bathe the 900 odd ponies reared by them and allow them to graze, without burdening them with any load on that day. There are about 2,000 families living on these hills and nearly 75% of them own at least one pony. Pongal is cooked in the evening and fed to the animals. \"This is something that has been going on since time immemorial,\" said Suseendran. R V K Perumal (27) who has a herd of ponies, rents them out to estate owners to transport their produce. He charges about Rs 50 for a transportation distance of one kilometer. Perumal rents his ponies for a travel distance of 20 kilometres per day and considers anything above that as cruelty.The large number of ponies on these hills has made members of the Blue Cross conduct an annual camp here. Suseendran himself who is a member says that the animals are treated for their ticks during this camp and that people ensure the best care to the animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11532464", "title": "Young officers cheer General V K Singh while seniors give guarded response", "text": "New Delhi: Even as many young officers support General V K Singh's apparent challenge of the civilian establishment, senior officers are deeply divided over the Army chief's decision to move the Supreme Court against the government.Many young officers look at the entire issue as a general's courage to take on the civilian bureaucracy, which usually manipulate and suppress the military. \"He is showing courage in taking on the civilian administration. Please do not misinterpret it as a challenge to the political leadership,\" said a young officer, who believes Gen Singh will win his battle.Another young officer pointed out that successive civilian bureaucrats sitting in the defence ministry had refused to deal with the military with respect and accommodation, and the age issue was reflective of that larger malaise. \"See the way they have treated his demand, sending it for legal opinion, and passing on those AG opinions without any respect for the chief's office,\" he added.Such sentiments are palpable across the junior ranks of the military, while at the senior levels, there are much more carefully crafted words when it comes to discussing the chief's move.A senior Army officer, who has served with Gen Singh for many years, said he didn't feel very comfortable with his move.\"It was a matter in the Army headquarters and that was settled there. Now to drag the entire government into the issue is not a very comfortable thing,\" he said. The officer pointed out that Gen Singh did not get \"justice from his Army superiors and not ureaucrats\".\"Once he was appointed as the chief, there was no question of age, isn't it? He should retire on the day the government wants him to retire,\" said another senior officer.While some retired senior officers are vocally supporting Gen Singh, many are upset that his effort was also meant to scuttle the possible appointment of Lt Gen Bikram Singh as the next Army chief. Many others shy away from commenting on the issue. Some of the former military chiefs did not want to discuss the issue.Vice-Admiral (retired) S C S Bangara said the issue was reflective of what was wrong with the civilian-military relations in India.\"If they stop keeping away military chiefs from decision making and carry out the MoD integration as recommended, then such things are not likely to happen. Political leadership will have to learn to deal with military leadership and military problems without depending solely on the bureaucracy,\" Bangara said.Another retired general said government needed to make \"age irrelevant\" for senior level appointments. \"You go by merit, and drop these seniority-based appointment of chiefs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "11534947", "title": "PLFI commander kills uncle &amp; aunt", "text": "GUMLA: PLFI sub-zonal commander Mangal Nagesiya killed his uncle and aunt at Kulukera-Pahartoli village in Palkot, dubbing them as Maoist sympathizers..Etwa Nagesiya and his wife Pushpa Devi were gunned down by a group of PLFI activists led by Mangal. The incident took place on Monday 33 km from Gumla. The couple were originally residents of Kansikona village in Raidih of the district, police said. The two were dubbed as Maoist sympathizers by PLFI sub-zonal commander Mangal Nagesiya, who led his associates in killing the couple, who happened to be his uncle and aunt.The family of the couple had left their native village two and a half years ago for Mangal and settled in Kulukera- Pahartoli bordering Palkot. Mangal also hails from Kansikona.Around 7pm on Monday, Mangal and five of his men reached the deceased's house on two motorcycles. Soon they caught Etwa and started beating up him. When his wife intervened, she was shot dead and then Etwa, too, was killed, said OC of Palkot police station Shrinivas Singh.Etwa's two sons - Narayan Nagesiya and Baiju Nagesiya - managed to protect themselves, one by hiding beneath paddy bags and another by fleeing towards forests.SDPO C K Sinha said there was a long-standing dispute over family land between the deceased and Mangal's families. Till some years ago, Mangal was with the CPI(Maoist) in the capacity of sub-zonal commander but is now carrying out a war of dominance against the Maoists in Raidih, Palkot and neighbouring Chhattisgarh. tnnBoth the outfits have killed locals branding them supporters of each other in the past, especially in Raidih police station of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11532865", "title": "Deadline looms, but city still to start school mapping", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As per the RTE Act (right to free and compulsory education), mapping of schools needs to be taken care of at an earliest. But Chandigarh is one of the four defaulters across the country - Goa, Uttar Pradesh and Sikkim being other three - that have not yet started working on school mapping.The fact was put forward at a conference of state education secretaries organized by union human resource development ministry and held in New Delhi from January 4-6.The school mapping is done so that a school can be established where there is no educational institution within 1-3 km of the area. It will help in leveling the inequalities in the distribution of education services between regions.This deadline for finishing the mapping is March 2013, but the process has not even started in Chandigarh. As per UT's education secretary VK Singh, Chandigarh's was declared a defaulter as the education department could not submit the report of progress for school mapping.Talking about the non-submission of the report he said, \"The department must have thought that Chandigarh does not need more schools as there are already many schools and may be that's why they did not send the report.\"The education secretary also said the department had many school projects in the pipeline that would soon be implemented. \"Chandigarh is not a big city. It has more than 100 schools. It means that there is a school in almost every vicinity and we have started building schools in the periphery areas where there is no school.\"He also stated that the city did not have ample land to build many schools. Meanwhile, DPI(s) Sandeep Hans said, \"School mapping had been done earlier, but there is some problem with the data. We have sent proposals for the areas where there are no schools.In Chandigarh, almost every sector has at least one school and many even have 2-3 schools. It is just the southern sectors where there are no schools like sectors 48 and 49 but the projects are in the pipeline. We have also constructed two schools in sectors 53 and 54, which will start from the new academic session.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535818", "title": "Pongal in Malaysia for Monika", "text": "For Monika, this Pongal was very special.For the actress celebrated the festival with her Tamil fans in Malaysia . A source reveals, \"Monika was approached by a Malaysian Tamil channel for a special programme they were doing for Pongal and since it required her to celebrate the festival with Tamil folks in Malaysia.She readily agreed.\" The source continues, \"She flew down to the country for a couple of days ago and spent a whole day taking part in the festivities. Monika participated in all the festival rituals - right from the milkboiling ceremony to playing the traditional games - with the locals there. She even entertained them with songs and danced to some folk numbers. She was accompanied by actor Murali (of Puzhal fame).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11532083", "title": "\u2018Fewer baby girls, even they\u2019re malnourished\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: More baby girls are malnourished as compared to baby boys, according to a certain study that covers three northern states. Pedicon, a body representing over 20,000 paediatricians, claimed that according to the data collected from Haryana, Delhi and Punjab, the three states rank lowest in terms of sex ratio, with 48% more cases of reported malnourishment of girls, compared to boys.Also, 54% of the participating paediatricians found that male infants have more appropriate weight-age ratio in contrast to girls. The states have 52% girls dropping out after primary school, against 11% boys. The survey was conducted in the three states by doctorsrepublic.com, an online networking portal for healthcare professionals.\"The survey was the first of its kind and no such perception audit has been done earlier,\" said Dr Mahavir Jain, organising secretary, PEDICON, 2012. The objective behind the survey involving nearly 679 paediatricians across the three states was to map the magnitude of child health gender divide observed by doctors who deal with patients in the age group of 0-15 years, added Jain. The survey becomes all the more relevant as the three states are already facing the worst implications of gender bias. According to the latest census, Haryana has 830 girls per 1,000 boys while Punjab has 846 compared to Kerala's 1,084 girls against 1,000 boys.Doctors at the seminar said that because of poor nutrition levels of the mothers who give birth to underweight girls, it's important that parents complete the immunization cycle for their children. \"Underweight children with malnourished mothers are susceptible to immuno-compromised diseases. It's important that such children, usually girls, are vaccinated properly. Also, the state and Central government should include vaccines on the emergency drug list so that the poor can also avail themselves of them,\" said Dr Rohit Aggarwal, president, Indian Academy for Paediatrics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11535722", "title": "IIIT to develop tech for converting speech into SMS", "text": "HYDERABAD: City-based International Institute of Information Technology (IIIT) is set to develop a mobile technology that would accept speech as input and convert it into language and text, which can be sent as an SMS, a top functionary of IIIT said.According to Rajeev Sangal, Director of IIIT, the project, which has been funded by the Ministry of Information Technology, will be ready in the next two years.\"You can talk to the mobile phone. Suppose, anybody does not know reading or writing, they can dictate the phone the SMS, which they would like to send. They should be able to speak it out and then the phone will convert it into text and send it as a message,\" Sangal told PTI.According to him, seven other institutions are currently working on this project.Sangal said, the technology will be useful in mobile phones, which have smaller screens and keyboard, making it difficult to type letters.The speech lab of the IIIT aims to develop robust speech systems for applications, such as speech translation, phonetic engine for Indian languages, speaker recognition for biometrics, and dialog systems in speech mode, a senior faculty member said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11532017", "title": "Sharp decline in dropout of girl students", "text": "JAIPUR: There has been a sharp decline in the dropout of girl students in the state. The decline is more in higher classes than in middle school. But the warning is that unless the initiatives are kept alive, it will be difficult to keep the same rate of decline in the next 10 years.According to the Annual Status of Education Report (ASER) for rural areas 2011, prepared by Pratham, the dropout of girl students in the age group of 11 to 14 years is currently 9.5% in the state. This was 20% in 2006. For girls in the age group of 7 to 10 years, the dropoout has fallen from 11 % in 2006 to about 4.5 % in 2011.However, previous dropout trends show that after a periodic pattern of a sharp decline every 10 years, it plateau out itself in the next 10 years. A similar decline in the dropout level was seen in 2006 to 2007, while the period between 2007 to 2008, rate of drop remained constant. The cycle repeated itself in the next four years. In 2010, the dropout stood at 12.5 %, same as in 2009.The dropout for girls between the age of 7 and 10 years has also declined from 11% in 2006 to 9% in 2011 to catch up with the trend of dropouts amongst higher aged (11 to 14 years) boys. Rajasthan has been fighting to curb dropout in schools, especially among the girl child and schemes such as post-metric scholarships and doling out of bicycles are just some of them.While it may be so, the quality of education in the state, according to the survey based on analysis of data collected from households in 31 of the 32 districts, still remains under a cloud. The survey says that only 6% of those studying in Class II can read their textbooks. Worse, only 8.7 % of those in Class II can read Class 1 level text. And though these percentages increase according to the class, there are still some students (0.8 %) studying in Class XIII who cannot read anything, 1.9 % of them can read only alphabets, 3.1 % can read words and most (82.3 %) of them are just suitable for Class II level texts.In fact, over the years, the quality of education in the state has been on a decline with the trends over time graph of children studying in Class III who cannot read Class 1 level text on the rise. From figures of 70% of students studying in Class III in government schools not being able to read Class 1 level text, it has gone upto 79 % in 2011. Last year it was about 75 %.The situation in private schools is better, though not improving, with corresponding figures in 2008 being at 40% in 2008 and now going upto 51%. Last year, the figure for this was 50%.Nearly 67% of students studying in Class V in various government schools in the state still cannot read Class II level text while those in private school ranges around 40%. Even in this segment, the trend has only been rising for both government and private schools.In fact, arithmetic continues to plague students in rural areas with a mere 67.7 % of those in Class XIII knowing division, 25.2 % knowing subtraction, 8.7 % recognize numbers between 11 to 99, 2.7 % recognize numbers between 1 to 9 and 0.8 % of students are such that even in the eighth grade they cannot recognize any number. The trends graphs for such students reveal that problems with arithmetic remains and has not shown much improvement in the past three years.Paid tuitions, according to the survey, is more a practice in private schools than in government ones in rural areas though over the years the trend of taking tuitions has declined. As against 1.9% students studying in government schools, who take tuitions, it is 8.5 % of those in private schools pay for getting taught outside schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11531973", "title": "Finally, heritage tag for 2500-yr-old Chandraketugarh", "text": "Exactly 105 years after it was first \"discovered\", Chandraketugarh is finally getting some attention. The Mamata Banerjee government has decided to turn Bengal's richest archaeological treasure trove into a heritage village.The ruins dating back to 6th Century BC has been a pilferers' paradise for decades, and people all over the world have minted money smuggling the exquisite antiques out of the 'garh' (fortified city) tucked away in Berachampa village in North 24-Parganas, about 34 km from Kolkata. To know that, you have to simply check out some of the relics soaked in Bengal's rich yet unknown past at the Christie's or the Sotheby's websites.Countdown beginsIs this the beginning of the end to the booming \"trade\"? Shuvaprasanna, chairman, West Bengal Heritage Commission, nodded. \"We shall do everything to establish Chandraketugarh in its archaeological glory. We are also trying to make it a world heritage site,\" said the painter. The commission, in collaboration with the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), has embarked upon a major excavation attempt within the next year to unearth the myth and mystery of the historical township. Harvard professor and commission member Sugato Bose said: \"This archaeological site can transform our understanding of the ancient history of Bengal.\" Bose must return to Harvard shortly, but will be in Kolkata in February to formulate some important decisions on Chandraketugarh.Locals overjoyed\"This is the best thing we have heard in a long time. I can't remember since when we have been demanding that the area be excavated and if required, the entire land be acquired,\" said local resident Asim Karmakar, who had formed a pressure group years ago so that the governments (both state and central) did something to stop the extensive looting of the relics. \"The administration has been insensitive to conservation as well as to the crime related to Chandraketugarh,\" he said.The heritage village will cover Berachampa to Haroa, including Singer Ati, Shanpukur, Hadipur, Jhikra, Ranakhola, Ghorapota, Dhanpota, Chuprijhara, Mathbari and Ghaziatala. The ASI might dig up Berachampa, Khana-Mihirer Dhipi, Ita Khola, Noongola and Hadipur all over again; these sites were excavated about half a century ago, but the job has been largely inadequate.Heritage village, fort and templeCalcutta University's Ashutosh Museum did unearth remains of a temple in 1956-57. Constructed during the times of the legendary Mihir and Khana, the temple is two miles from King Chandraketu's fort. \"The temple and the fort comprised the prosperous urban settlement that flourished between 4th Century BC and 12th Century AD. It was a remarkable civilisation spanning at least six eras, starting from that of the pre-Mauryans and ending with the Pala period,\" say ASI records.The temple, said to be built during the Pala era, is the most valuable archaeological find of the region. Almost nothing, however, is left of the polygonal structure connected to a square vestibule. The roof had collapsed long ago and all that remains are the walls and a flight of stairs. \"The fort and the temple are immensely vulnerable to pilferage and decay. The heritage village complex will automatically protect the entire area. The excavation, on the other hand, will enhance Chandraketugarh's archaeological stature,\" said Amal Roy of the state archaeological department.Museum and researchFirst things first. The heritage commission intends constructing a museum - like the one at Nalanda - in the middle of the 'garh', along with research facilities. Since there are currency like the gold coin belonging to Chandragupta-Kumaradevi, semi-precious stone beads, ivory and bone materials, terracotta plaques, figurines, pottery and wooden objects of remarkable sculpting that survived the test of time, Chandraketugarh has potential to be identified as the oldest early-history site in Bengal.\"The idea is to develop a thematic museum that can reconstruct the history of Chandraketugarh,\" said archaeologist and OSD, heritage commission, Basudeb Malik. The town planning of this prosperous urban set-up that existed 2,500 years ago will also be reconstructed.Port 'reconstructed'According to a school of thought, Chandraketugarh was actually a port city that had come up on the rich, alluvial Ganga-Vidyadhari delta, and had eventually merged into the mainland, thanks to the rivers' changing courses. No wonder there is no hard fact about the period of Chandraketugarh. An artists' impression of the port theory is, thus, being conceived along with a picture-story of the Hindu Chandraketu running into a conflict with the Muslim saint Syed Abbas Ali Gorachand. Finally, an illustrative tale of how the mound at Berachampa and Deuliya (later rechristened Debalaya) villages earned the name Chandraketugarh.Tapping tourism", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11535127", "title": "IOC blaze: No clue how tank caught fire", "text": "GUWAHATI: Though the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) confirmed that the blaze at the IOC Guwahati refinery that occurred on January 10 was a result of malfunctioning of the system, which regulates temperature of the tank, IOC is yet to find out how the temperature regulatory system, which is operated manually, collapsed.The multi-disciplinary committee, which was formed by IOC to investigate the blaze, failed to hold anyone responsible for the possible human error in regulating the system.Addressing the media on Tuesday, Guwahati refinery DGM (production) G Dasgupta said, \"The slop tank has heating steam coils at the bottom. The most probable cause of the fire can be attributed to overheating of the light hydrocarbon present in the the heating steam coil of the slop. The coil is maintained manually.\"IOC officials added that all eyes are set on the other enquiry reports being preparing by other authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11534606", "title": "253 voters log complaints online", "text": "ALLAHABAD: For the first time, the voters are enrolling their complaints online regarding misprinted, incomplete or wrong addresses or not receiving electoral photo identity card (EPICs), on the website of state election commission (sec.up.nic.in).Till date, the complaint cell of district election office had received as many as 253 complaints online. A team of experts is sorting out the complaints after referring the issue to the officials. Officials said that voters are quite aware about the online facilities being offered by the election commission and instead of taking rounds of district election office, they have been sending online.Anil Agrawal, a resident of Lukerganj in city west Assembly constituency has submitted his online complaint on Election Commission website stating that he had not received his EPIC despite completing all the formalities. Once the complaints are registered online, the officials posted at the complaint cell, enter the complaint on complaint registers manually. The registers are maintained assembly-wise. The officials take up the issue with the authorities of the district election office to get it sorted out.Each online complaint has a unique ID. It has details like date of lodging complaint, name of the state, district, Assembly segment, complaint level, subject, description, redressal time and disposal status. The officials at complaint cell have also been maintaining the records like the name, age, residential address and phone number of complainant.The state election commission has deputed three teams of two gazetted officers each, who are sitting at the office round-the-clock and checking the complaints. The maximum online complaints are from city west Assembly constituency while minimum complaints are from Koraon.District probation officer Ila Pant said: \"We have been looking into each and every online complaint and the matter is being referred to officers of the district election office for disposal.\" She added that most of the complaints relate to not receiving of EPIC or names not enrolled in voters list.She maintained that the complainants are also informed about the action taken regarding the disposal of complaints.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11532756", "title": "Muslims seek 60 seats from Cong-NCP combine", "text": "MUMBAI: Muslim organizations have demanded at least 60 seats from the Congress-NCP alliance. With the parties yet to finalize their candidates , Muslim NGOs have started presenting lists to them, especially the Congress.Farooque Azam of the NGO All India Muslim Mahaz has written to MPCC president Manikrao Thackeray and CM Prithviraj Chavan with the request. \"I made the demand before the Congress-NCP (BMC poll) alliance was made,\" Azam, vice-chairman of the MPCC's minority cell, said. \"The Congress should give 40 seats and the NCP 20.\"That Muslims have been underrepresented among civic poll contestants is evident from the Congress's record in six constituencies (175-180 ) in Dharavi. Muslims number 80,000-90,000 here. Yet the party did not field a single Muslim in civic polls in the last 25 years, a Congress source said. \"If the party does not give adequate representation to Muslims, there is fear that many Muslim voters might go to parties that field candidates from the community,\" said Abdul Rasheed Khan, a Dharavibased social worker.Minister of minority affairs Arif Naseem Khan said efforts were being made to give adequate representation to all minority communities. \"Muslims are the biggest minority and they will certainly get the representation they deserve.\" Many activists said that other parties were in touch with Muslim leaders to woo the community before the civic polls.\"The community has many options. The Congress-NCP combine should not take it for granted ,\" said Farid Batatawala of Muslim Front. \"If we are not given a satisfactory number of seats in accordance with our population, we will vote for the Samajwadi Party , the MNS or even the Sena-BJP combine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11536435", "title": "Mangalore shivers at 18.2 Deg C", "text": "MANGALORE: If Mysore and Madikeri recorded the coldest day on Monday in centuries, it was coastal city Mangalore's turn to record the lowest temperature of the decade on Tuesday.A 3 Deg C dip in mean-minimum temperatures in the coastal city at 18.2 Deg C saw it breaking 18.3 Deg C recorded just last year. It was also the lowest minimum temperature since 2002, according to Met department sources. On Monday, the mercury had dipped to 19 Deg C, the fourth lowest-minimum temperature of the decade.The all-time low temperature recorded for Mangalore in January was 15.6 Deg C (on January 8, 1992). The mean-minimum temperature for January from 1961, according to Indian Meteorological Department ( IMD) has been 20.9 Deg C.But the dip in temperature was not enough to prompt Mangaloreans to bring out warm wear, but for early birds like the milkmen and newspaper delivery personnel. Vaman Suvarna, who delivers milk in Kulshekar area, said: \"I'm used to this weather. It was cold than usual, but I did not require anything than my vest and shirt.\" Vimla Manohar, a homemaker, said: \"I have never experienced this kind of cold. Since I have been indoors, I did not need warm clothing, but I closed the windows. It's a lovely experience to have such a nice weather in the coast.''Since January 10, the temperatures have been dipping up to 19 Deg C. On January 13 and 14, it reached the normal minimum of 21 Deg C, but again dipped to 19 Deg C from January 16. The lowest-minimum temperature recorded in this decade in the city was 18.3 Deg C on January 13, 2011, followed by 18.4 Deg C on January 4, 2008. The next was 18.7 Deg C on January 14 in 2002.But Mangaloreans feel the heat after 10am when the mercury soars, till 4pm. On Monday, the maximum temperature was at 33.2 Deg C, which is higher than the mean maximum (32.2 Deg C) for this time of the year. The highest daytime temperature recorded for the city in January has been 36.9 Deg C (on January 22, 2005).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11536409", "title": "Online plaints, heftier fines once stronger consumer protection act comes into play", "text": "PUNE: Filing of online complaints, a daily monetary fine for non-compliance of consumer fora's orders, more flexibility in functioning of the fora, giving it the status on par with civil courts and more powers to the state in appointing members are some amendments proposed by the union government in the Consumer Protection Act, to speed up disposal of cases and firm up the complaint redressal machinery.The government introduced Consumer Protection (Amendment) Bill, 2011, in the Lok Sabha on December 16, 2011, to facilitate quicker disposal of cases and to widen and amplify the scope of some provisions of the amendments. The system of consumer forum or consumer court as it is popularly known, was introduced in the 1986 Act to redress grievances of consumers. These include deficiency in service, misleading offers, faulty products and unfair/restrictive trade practices.The amendments proposed last December include a proposal to consider the decision of the consumer forum as equal to the civil court, which will give extra teeth to the forum. As per the current procedure, the forum's verdict is sent to the district collector, who enforces it. With the new amendment, there is hope for consumers to get justice on time. The government has also proposed a charge of Rs 500 or 1/5{+t}{+h} of the fine amount-whichever is higher-per day to offenders in case the forum's order is not complied with.As per the 1986 Act, consumer disputes redressal fora have been set up at the 629 districts, besides having 35 state redressal commissions and the national redressal commission that take up cases of serious nature and appeals against district fora orders.Online filing of complaints is another amendment proposed to make the process easier. The government proposes to enable consumers to file their complaints online, which will be first checked by the forum and a decision whether to admit it or not would be taken. The consumer will have to be personally present at the time of admission of the complaint.To resolve the matter of pending cases and piling up of cases, the government has also proposed some flexibility in the functioning of consumer courts. After consultations with the state government, the presiding officer or president of a forum can pitch in to dispose of cases pending in the consumer forum of the neighbouring district.The union government has proposed to increase the minimum age for appointment as member in the case of state commissions from 35 to 45 years, and in case of national commission from 35 to 55 years. The government expects to improve the quality of persons applying for these posts, through this amendment. Similarly, there is a proposal to increase the years of experience required for appointment as a member in the state commission, from 10 years to 20 years and in case of a national commission from 10 years to 30 years.On the lines of the judiciary, the consumer fora are proposed to be strengthened by allowing them to suo motu enlist services of an expert or an outside party, in an ongoing case, to ensure justice. The empowerment clause of the proposal also includes calling upon periodical reports of pending cases from the national commission and state commission or any district forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11534689", "title": "Himachal Pradesh prepares 3700cr plan for next fiscal", "text": "SHIMLA: The state planning department hopes to get a nod from the planning commission for a Rs 3,700 crore annual plan for the next fiscal which is Rs 400 crore more than the current one.Advisor planning, S K Shad said, \"Member, planning commission, Saumitra Chaudhuri is scheduled to hold a meeting here on January 27 during which the 2012-13 annual plan is expected to be firmed up.\"The state has been facing falling power revenues, leaving gaps in resource targets.Shad disclosed that the state had formulated a Rs 3,700 crore annual plan for the next financial year. Unable to mop up larger revenues from power sales and VAT collections, the state's ambition to scale up the annual plan to Rs 4,000 crore or more had to be abandoned.The shortfall in power sale revenues notwithstanding, Shad said, \"In the current year's annual plan the major thrust area is power sector, which is likely to continue in the next annual plan.\"Though hydro power generation in the current year has been more than last year, but sources disclosed the revenue is likely to be less than last year.\"It's ironic that the more power you produce, the less you are earning,\" said a senior government officer. Against last year's power revenue of Rs 1,100 crore, the current year's mop up is likely to just about touch Rs 1,000 crore, he said.Principal secretary, power, Deepak Sanan said, \"Average per unit sale rates have been dropping from Rs 7 per unit in 2008-'09 to Rs 6 per unit in 2009-'10 to Rs 5 per unit last year and is expected to average at Rs 4 per unit in the current year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "done", "code": "11536800", "title": "Criminal accused in 16 cases arrested", "text": "Done: AnoopPune: The Hadapsar police on Monday arrested a criminal on police records for his alleged involvement in 16 cases of dacoity, house breaking and vehicle thefts.The suspect, Papasingh Dayalsingh Dudhani, 35, of Ramtekdi, Hadapsar, is a kingpin of a nine-member gang. After Dhudhani was acquitted from charges under the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) in 2010, he organized a few men and began committing crimes in Pune and rural areas.Acting on a tip-off, the police team led by senior police inspector of Hadapsar police station Pandharinath Mandhare laid a trap and nabbed him from Vaiduwadi on Tuesday.Mandhare said that Dudhani was arrested in 2004 under MCOCA but was released in November 2010. Dudhani had committed 16 offences since then which includes three vehicle thefts in Hadapsar; two house break ins and two vehicle thefts at Wanowrie; four house break ins in Yerawada which includes heist of Rs 18 lakh from a jewellery shop in Sangamwadi. The gang also broke into two houses at Bhosari and one in Pimpri and two in Shirur.Mandhare said, \"In December, 2010, Papasingh and his gang members attempted to loot a petrol pump near Shirur. Japansingh Dudhani, one of his associates, got killed when the security guard opened fired at them.\"Since then Dudhani was untraceable. \"We had arrested his three accomplices in 2011. Before his arrest in 2004, Dudhani was involved in 11 crimes including two dacoities, two vehicle thefts and seven burglaries,\" Mandhare said.The investigating team comprised police sub-inspector Dwarika Dokhe, police constables Suraj Shendge, Suhas Gaikwad, Amol Shingte and Mahesh Waghmare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11532436", "title": "Social, economic and caste census survey begins", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The nationwide census survey for social, economic and caste status began in the state on Monday. The census will continue till February 28 in the state.The census began with governor Dr Kamla and chief minister Narendra Modi announcing the details to census staff at their respective residences on Monday. The survey will be held in the state from January 16 to February 28.Modi after filling in the details made an appeal to the people saying that the data collected by enumerators would help prepare future plans for the development of Gujarat and India.Modi said that it is everybody's duty and right to provide correct and complete information about their household. Whether one is male or female, old or young, rich or poor, every individual should provide full details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11536833", "title": "Defence staffer held for cheating job-seekers", "text": "PUNE: The Airport police on Monday arrested a 25-year-old defence employee, Arvind alias Appasaheb Babu Pagare of Mumbai, for allegedly cheating 10 youths of Rs 15 to 16 lakh, promising them jobs in the Border Security Force (BSF) and the Indian Air Force.The police have recovered a fake appointment letter, a stamp of Air Force and a movement order. The incident came to light after one of the victims, Faiyyaz Naseer Mulla, 25, a resident of Lohegaon, registered a complaint against Pagare with the police.According to the police, the incidents took place between September 2010 and January this year. Pagare allegedly took Rs 1.5 lakh from Mulla and promised him a job in the BSF. He even gave Mulla a fake letter for medical check-up and got his medical examination conducted at Sion hospital in Mumbai.Later, he gave Mulla an appointment letter of BSF which turned out to be fake. Similarly, Pagare is also charged with taking Rs 15 lakh to 16 lakh from Mulla's friends for helping them get jobs in the Air Force. Pagare was arrested on charges of cheating and forgery under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code.Senior police inspector Prakash Shah incharge of the Airport police station said Pagare is a permanent employee of the defence engaged in loading-unloading of goods at Mumbai.Meanwhile, judicial magistrate first class M Y Doiphode on Tuesday sent Pagare to police custody remand till January 21.Assistant public prosecutor Suchitra Narote submitted before the court that Pagare's custodial interrogation was essential to know Pagare's modus operandi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "11534972", "title": "One detained for making smut clip", "text": "DHANBAD: One person has been detained by Bhoura police on charges of making and circulating obscene video footages of school girls to the people of Asansol, Durgapur, Mumbai and Dhanbad.Dayal Singh, who was earlier arrested on the charge of raping a girl, has been detained, while his son Surendra Singh alias Shani is wanted by police.Lakshman Ram, the officer in-charge of the Bhoura police, said an FIR had been registered under the cyber crime law. On Tuesday evening, police raided the house of Surendra and seized a computer set and some CDs.However, Surendra managed to escape.According to the police, seven girls have become victims of the smut scandal. In the latest scandal, Surendra had befriended a student of Class 10 and prepared a 26-minute smut. The smut was distributed at Jharia and also in Asansol, Durgapur and Mumbai. Police search is on for some friends of Surendra who are involved in the crime.Dayal Singh, who is in police custody, denied his involvement in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11532224", "title": "They walked to unlock the grid", "text": "BANGALORE: With 20 children in tow, this teacher, who requested not to be named, had to do her best to make sure they all reached home safely. Her phone rang endlessly, with parents asking about their loved ones. The school bus ferrying them was stranded for three hours and she had to reassure the parents their children were safe.At the other end of KG road, Shanmugha Ramesh was sitting with his wife Jayalakshmi, a cancer patient. The couple couldn't reach KSRTC bus stand in Majestic due to the clog.It was living hell for thousands of Bangaloreans.When buses did not move for hours, commuters got off and started walking. Like Ramesh Rao, an arecanut merchant from Shimoga, who came with his wife and two children to celebrate Sankranti with his brother in the city. \"I have to catch the Shimoga Inter-city express and I'm sure I'll miss the train. Why is the common man punished like this? I don't even know what the problem is,\" said Rao who was trying to pacify his 6-year-old daughter who was disappointed at missing her first train journey.Several commuters heading to MG road and surrounding areas were also badly hit. \"I was coming from Banashankari. At Town Hall junction, we were forced to take a left towards City Market. Cops told me to take the Mysore Road flyover and keep moving as the traffic would not be cleared for some time,'' Vinayak V, businessman.\"I waited for at least three hours in my car and had to take a detour from JC Road to MG Road. The traffic cop told me if I wanted to go towards MG Road I could very well get onto the flyover from Town Hall. When I told him I wanted to go to MG Road, he showed me a detour through Urvashi theatre and Siddaiah road and then KH Road and then took the Richmond Circle flyover to reach MG Road,\" said Uday Dev, who was returning from Jayanagar after meeting his business associate.KG road leading to Kempe Gowda bus station and city railway station was completely blocked in the initial stages. \"By 1pm, we blocked the road leading to Majestic at Hudson Circle. From there, we diverted traffic to Majestic through Cubbon Park towards KR Circle. At first, there were snarls on JC Road, but we cleared it slowly. Only the stretch between Hudson Circle and Mysore Bank Circle was besieged by advocates,\" said a senior police officer.For a 108 ambulance, it was a harrowing time to reach their patient to hospital. \"We took the detour via Mysore Bank circle and went towards Maharani's Circle to reach a hospital on Rajaram Mohan Roy road near Kanteerava Stadium,\" an ambulance staffer told TOI.Those going to the bus station and city railway station had a tough time. \"I returned from Sabarimala pilgrimage and stayed with my relatives in Sampangi Ram Nagar for the past two days. I have to take a bus to Chitradurga. I'm walking to the bus station and hope I can catch my bus, H Kumaraswamy from Hiriyur said.Those who wanted to catch a train to Chennai and other cities had to take a diversion and boarded the train at Cantonment station. \"The police diverted us there so that we could board the train on time,\" said another commuter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11533106", "title": "1,977 objections to electoral roll: NMC", "text": "NASHIK: The voters' list published on January 12 has 1,977 discrepancies according to figures of objections provided by the NMC. Objections were called for from January 13 to January 17 and these were the figures till 5 pm on January 17. The sorting of the objections is expected to be done by Wednesday afternoon . This would enable to gauge the nature of the objections.The final list will be published on January 23.AG Jantre, superintendent of the NMC's octroi department, said most of the objections were regarding change in ward. Corporators have complained of incongruity in the list saying photos of male and female voters have been interchangedvoters'' genders have been changed. More than 40 family members of the chairman of the standing committee Ranjit Nagarkar has appeared in three wards, viz, 60, 55 and 59. \"I used to reside in ward no 60 earlier and then in ward no 55, now it is ward no 59. It is a mistake of the administration that the names have appeared in three wards. I had filed an objection to the district collector when applications for change of addresses had been going on but nothing has been done about it. I filed an objection to the voters' list on Tuesday,\" he said. He added that many voters may be facing this problem.\"What is the administration going to do in four days. I don't think anything will be or can be done,\" said another corporator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "baruipur", "code": "11531834", "title": "I can be dangerous, warns Mamata Banerjee", "text": "BARUIPUR: Attacked by the opposition CPM and coalition partner Congress for being autocratic and criticized for her \"poor performance\", chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday made an all-out attack against her critics at a government function at Baruipur in South 24-Parganas.Projecting herself as neutral, she repeatedly threatened that she could \"turn out to be dangerous\" and asked the CPM not to challenge her, find fault about her work.At the inauguration of a polytechnic college at Baruipur's Atghara, Mamata said she had already delivered what she had promised in the seven months that she has been in power, and what she was doing now was in \"addition\" to that.She alleged that the CPM was always up to some mischief - \"they are always creating riots and trouble and are criticising us.\" Mamata, often called an autocratic leader who did not let others take decision, answered her critics in a veiled way by saying that she \"created\" leaders. \"I took this responsibility that I am now carrying out, because you (the people) wanted me to.\"\"I am not weak. I will go when I have to. I have come from Kalighat and will go back to Kalighat,\" she said, not making it explicit what she meant.The CM said that after the Trinamool Congress came to power through paribartan, \"people thought that Trinamool supporters would bash up the CPM workers and supporters and they would be murdered, but this has not happened. On the contrary, our men have been killed. Not that everyone in my party is absolutely clean, but such work are done by some mischief makers and not out of vengeance by my party workers.\"\"And because there has been no vengeance, they (the CPM) are moving around freely and holding meetings as well. However, if they oppose us and keep on looking for faults, then I will not forgive them,\" she said, adding that she would \"not beat them up, but will take them to the people and let them decide.\"She said the former government had left behind nothing, so she and her colleagues had to work overtime now. Mamata also held the Centre responsible for the price of paddy. and said the fertilizer price had increased after the subsidy was lifted in 2010. \"I am the farmers' friend, but the CPM is trying to make me look like a villain. However, let me warn them, I can be dangerous, so the CPM better beware.\"She praised work of the police in handling the Ganga Sagar mela so well (which had 12 lakh people this year). Also, 2.75 lakh jobs had already been offered by the government - where she had promised 10 lakh jobs.According to Mamata, she had improved the condition of hospitals, and the maternity mortality rate had improved in the past few months. \"The CPM is criticising us in the healthcare sector as now they are unable to get any cut money,\" she said.She challenged the Opposition saying she was all for development and would continue to do so. Two polytechnic and two ITIs would be set up in the district, a flyover and a stadium would be constructed in Baruipur, as well as the Canning stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11534438", "title": "Jago matdaata jaago drive in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To ensure the participation of voters in particular the youth in elections, \"jaago matdaata jaago\" campaign was started in the city on Tuesday by district magistrate (DM) where voters were exhorted to cast vote.Giving a new direction to the campaign DM, Alok Kumar interacted with young voters at Boys High School and College where students and teachers took an active part. The voters were asked to take part in the election process as responsible citizens of society because every vote is important and children should persuade their senior family members to cast their vote for their bright future. Booth level officers were instructed to tie up with responsible citizens of every locality and urge voters to take part in the election.The DM informed that City North assembly constituency has recorded the lowest voting percentage in the city despite the fact that it is the hub of intellectuals and educated persons.Stating that in order to elect a person of their choice voters need to cast their vote the DM, said that casting your vote is a matter of pride. Later on the DM accompanied by other senior officials also visited some other educational institutions including Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology (MNNIT), Maharishi Patanjali Vidya Mandir and others. Elections 2012 News UP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11532743", "title": "CM, NCP presidents meet today to resolve dispute", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and NCP president and agriculture minister Sharad Pawar will meet on Wednesday to resolve the Congress-NCP seat-sharing dispute. A week ago, the parties decided to contest 169 and 58 seats in the BMC polls, but did not decide on allocation.In the last four days, Chavan , accompanied by state Congress president Manikrao Thakre and his Mumbai counterpart Kripa Shankar Singh, and NCP leaders Chhagan Bhujbal, Sachin Ahir and Narendra Verma have had three meetings. But they could not agree on two seats.\"Barring these two, we have reached an agreement with the NCP. During the 2007 civic polls, our agreement collapsed at the last minute following a dispute over one seat. We are more cautious now. We have left it to Chavan and Pawar,\" a senior Congress leader told ToI on Tuesday.He said both parties wanted Versova and Goregaon. The Versova constituency, currently held by the Shiv Sena , and where the Congress was second in 2007, was with Mumbai NCP president Narendra Verma a decade ago. The Goregaon seat is held by Congress nominee Samir Desai, the nephew of former Mumbai Congress president and MP Gurudas Kamat. The NCP has urged the Congress to spare the seat for Shashank Rao, the son of senior NCP leader and veteran trade union leader Sharad Rao.\"Both these demands of the NCP are unacceptable. We are prepared to offer seats in neighbouring areas. We are sure Chavan and Sharad Pawar will successfully resolve the dispute,\" the Congress leader said.On murmurs that the Congress surrendered several seats to the NCP, he said this was a baseless charge since the Congress did not give away any seat it won in 2007; and out of the 99 seats where it was second, it gave only 16 seats to the NCP. \"For the Congress, an alliance with the NCP is more important. Even Pawar has taken an identical view.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11536551", "title": "Dist administration razes illegal places of worship", "text": "MYSORE: Over six dozen illegal places of worship that were coming in the way of traffic were pulled down in a special demolition drive by district administration on Tuesday.However, the dawn-to-dusk drive passed off peacefully under tight police cover and no untoward incidents were reported.Armed with the Supreme Court's directive to remove all encroachments especially places of worship in public places, the district administration on Tuesday resumed the drive and removed dozens of structures across Mysore.The Adi Shakthi temple which was located in the middle of a road at Jalpuri police quarters was removed too. People's sentiments ran high when it was being pulled down using two heavy earth movers in the morning hours. The jurisdiction police facilitated the drive by providing security to civic body officials carrying out the drive.Deputy commissioner P S Vastrad told TOI that they had identified about 110 illegal places of worship across the city, of which, 87 including small and big were razed down. A few of them had voluntarily cleared the encroachment. The operation went on systematically and smoothly, with assistance from all authorities concerned including police.Vastrad said they will remove all the illegal structures in a phased manner.DCP (crime) P Rajendra Prasad said no untoward incident was reported during the drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11536109", "title": "Jewellery stolen from Air India office", "text": "INDORE: Jewelleries worth lakhs of rupees belonging to local jewellers was stolen from Indore office of the national carriers Air India on Monday. The airline claims that the jewellery, as per the declared value, is worth Rs 1.15 lakh.The jewellers, on the other hand, have contested and said the value of stolen jewellery was much higher than what is being quoted in the FIR lodged by Air India with the Tukoganj police.Police inspector Ashok Tiwari said the airline has mentioned that the jewellery worth Rs 1.15 lakh went missing from their office. However, the jewellers have contested the worth of the ornaments. \"Our jewellery is worth Rs 7 lakh, approximately,\" the managing director of Punjab Jewellers Darpan Anand said.According to the station manager Dhananjay Gadgil, the ornaments belonging to Punjab Jewellers, Maganlal Chaganlal Jewellers and Sequel Logistics were transported from Mumbai and Ahmedabad on Sunday.Police have registered a case against unidentified person under Section 457 (house trespass or house-breaking by night in order to commit offence punishable with imprisonment) and Section 380 (theft in dwelling house, etc) of the Indian Penal Code.The local office of Air India is situated at Abhay Prashal in Race Course Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11536053", "title": "Indore tops in TB prevention plan", "text": "INDORE: The city has topped among 670-odd districts of the country for achieving the target given under the Central government scheme - Revised National Tuberculosis Control Program ( RNTCP) - in the financial year 2011.In a national level TB conference held in Dehradun, the health officers were appreciated for their efforts to curb tuberculosis in the district.Under the scheme, the health officers tested 30,528 patients against the target of 24,728 in the same period. In the examinations, 3,278 patients were found positive with TB and more than 4,745 patients were given Dot therapy for treatment of the disease. More than 4,434 patients were cured with the therapy.Claiming that district recorded 94 per cent cure rate, 96 per cent conversion rate, three per cent death rate due to TB, district TB officer Vijay Chajlani said this is an achievement of paramedical staff working in the field.\"We had started Dots Plus method in April last year. With the help of paramedical staff we have been able to exceed the provided target,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11535079", "title": "Traffic violations on the rise in Kamrup district", "text": "GUWAHATI: At a time when the Kamrup ( Metro) transport department is stressing on raising awareness on traffic rule violations, the number of traffic rule violators in the district is on the rise.As per the latest data compiled by the office of the district transport officer (DTO) -Enforcement, Rs 1,44,38,808 was realized as fine from traffic violators in the first nine months of the 2011-12 financial year.An official of the transport department stated that such a huge amount of motor vehicle revenue realized from April to December is a record in itself. However, 973 cases registered against traffic violators during the said period still remain indisposed.\"It is a matter of concern indeed. We are not happy about realizing such a huge amount of fine to enrich the government exchequer as we are trying to expedite the awareness level. Personally, I am punishing the drivers and conductors of trekkers running with overcapacity. We have even taken action against the bus employees who made a bus stop illegally in Khanapara. But, it is the public who will have to realize the value of life. The employees of the private commercial vehicles and youngsters riding bikes are especially causing worry,\" said DTO (Enforcement), Kamrup, J C Handique.From April 2011 to December 2011, a total of 2,070 motor vehicle cases against private vehicles were registered. The number of cases registered against auto rickshaws, auto vans, trekkers, Tata Spacios, safaris and cruisers during the same period was 1,423. 90 cases registered against stage carriage, contract carriage, tourist bus and school bus were disposed. Out of the 1,488 cases against trucks and mini city bus, 42 were disposed.However, after the recent drives by the transport department, there have been some changes in the conductors of trekkers as they no more hang outside the vehicle while travelling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11535255", "title": "Low veggie prices ups homemakers' happiness", "text": "LUDHIANA: Jaswinder Kaur, 44-year-old homemaker of Model Town, is a happy woman these days. The reason: falling prices of veggies has lessened her budget by at least Rs 2,000 per month. With 12 members in her joint family, the negative food inflation has eased out things for her family.Says Jaswinder, whose family includes her two children and family of her brother-in-law, \"Last year, the prices of vegetables were touching the sky, but things have changed for better now. If the price per kg of onion last year touched Rs 50, this year the rate is Rs 20. The rate of one kg of potato, cauliflower, tomato, peas were Rs 35, Rs 60, Rs 50 and Rs 100 last year, which have now reduced to Rs 5, Rs 10, Rs 10 and Rs 20. I pray the rates continue to come down.\"Another homemaker, 28-year-old Navneet Kaur of New Model town area, avers \"Last year, we used to buy vegetables for Rs 6,000 but at present, we are buying te same quantity of vegetables for Rs 2,000. We have six members in the family, including my in-laws, husband and two kids. The fall in the vegetable prices means we can use the money for some other domestic purposes.\"Jasbir Kaur, 48-year-old homemaker of BRS Nagar, echoes the same feelings. She says, \"A gutchi of methi and spinach used to cost Rs 20 last year but their present rates is Rs 10. The prices of other vegetables have also fallen by huge margin.\"Ravi Kumar Verma, president of Kissan Mandi vegetable market in Pakhowal area, says, \"The rates of vegetables have come down by 75% as compared to last year. We also feel good that consumers are being benefited.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "roorkee", "code": "11533397", "title": "Sonia Gandhi asks voters to oust BJP in U\u2019khand", "text": "ROORKEE: Alleging \"loot\" of natural resources and corruption in implementation of central schemes in Uttarakhand, Congress President Sonia Gandhi on Tuesday asked people in the hill state to recognise the \"fraud\" being played with them and oust the BJP government from the state.\"If the land, soil, water and hills of Uttarakhand are sold or leased at throwaway prices, then it is not progress but a fraud with people of the state. For last many years, this fraud is being played with the people of Uttarakhand and efforts are being made to hide this loot and dishonesty through various means,\" Gandhi said here kick-starting the party's election campaign in the state.Attacking the B C Khanduri government of the state in her very first election speech in the state, Gandhi gave clear indications that the party would try to make a huge issue of the mining leases in the state over which Congress had also come out with a charge sheet.Ridiculing BJP's decision to replace former Chief Minister Ramesh Pokhariyal Nishank with Khanduri months before the elections, Gandhi said when the state government could not hide corruption and the \"mask of honesty of the then CM got lost\", BJP \"changed its Chief Minister but not its deeds yet\". \"A failed attempt was made to cheat you by changing the Chief Minister as it (BJP) sought to give an impression that it had changed. But, truth is that nothing changed. The status of the loot and dishonesty is such that only 10% of MNREGS fund given to the state could reach people,\" she said.The Congress president said the level of the state government's carelessness is such that only 40% of the money given to it under the job scheme could be utilised. \"You will have to change this government of Uttarakhand...oust BJP. I am confident that you will do this and give the Congress a majority here,\" she said.Gandhi also claimed that whatever development is visible even now in Uttarakhand, it was carried out in past by the Congress.Asserting that her party is aware of the problems of the people here, she said that the party manifesto for the state has a number of plans to bring back the state on development track. \"While on one hand, nature has given its bounty with open heart to Uttarakhand, on the other hand there are some people, who are destroying this bounty and allowing its loot,\" Gandhi said.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11536670", "title": "Fassbender: 'Prometheus is a must-see'", "text": "Michael Fassbender believes 'Prometheus' will be the \"must-see\" film of 2012.The in-demand actor was delighted to be able to take part in the Ridley Scott-directed 'Alien' prequel - alongside Noomi Rapace and Charlize Theron - because the script was \"really intelligent\" and he knows it will be a great film.He told Instyle.co.uk: \"'Prometheus' is the must-see film of 2012! I play the humanoid android. The first thing that struck me was a good script. Really intelligent script. A real thriller. Real anticipation.\"The first alien had that. The atmosphere was thick. You knew that something was going to happen. Which is very rare that you can read that in a script. And also, Ridley Scott is the master. He's amazing. Really something else to watch him work.\"He also enjoyed the collaborative directorial style of Ridley, as he never felt \"stupid\" for suggesting something.He said: \"No idea is stupid for him. He'll let you bring it to the floor and have a go at it. I really, really enjoyed working with him. And of course the cast.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11532373", "title": "Govt: 2G PIL turning into political interest litigation", "text": "New Delhi: The Centre on Tuesday told the Supreme Court that the PIL filed by NGO 'Centre for Public Interest Litigation' in the 2G scam had become a political interest litigation with the petitioner attempting to personally target ministers, the attorney general and officers of the CBI.\"It is common knowledge that some of the office-bearers of CPIL are consistently opposed to the ruling party and have been adopting the device of filing applications ostensibly seeking permission to bring certain facts on record but, in the applications or the affidavits filed in support thereof, targeting individual ministers or the attorney general or the officers of CBI by name...in flagrant breach of principles of natural justice,\" the telecom ministry said in response to an application filed by CPIL accusing the Salman Khurshid-headed law ministry of stalling investigation.\"A proceeding which started as public interest litigation is now turning to be a political interest litigation,\" it said. CPIL was instrumental in bringing the 2G scam to the apex court's notice in September 2010 resulting in court monitoring of the probe and subsequent filing of chargesheet against former telecom minister A Raja, DMK MP Kanimozhi and a host of corporate biggies.It said the law minister's view against prosecution of Ruias and Khaitans in the Loop-Essar offshoot of 2G scam was his personal understanding of the facts and was no way a hindrance for the CBI to proceed ahead in its investigations. Law ministry as well as the corporate affairs ministry had objected to the CBI's proposition for prosecution of Loop-Essar on the lines of Reliance-Swan in 2G scam on the ground that Loop could not be termed an associate of Essar for them to be liable for breach of conditions attached to grant of spectrum.However, the CBI had disregarded the views of two ministries and proceeded to file the second supplementary chargesheet in the Loop-Essar case. But petitioner in 2G scam CPIL had moved the SC alleging that Khurshid's opinion giving clean chit to Loop-Essar possibly led to dilution of CBI's chargesheet against company executives.Replying to the NGO's charges, the telecom ministry said, \"The opinion of the law ministry reflects the understanding of facts and law of the author... This opinion did not and was never intended to interfere with the investigations being done by the CBI.\"The CPIL's plea that interference of an influential minister is evident is baseless. Opinions are opinions, which may or may not be accepted by others who may have different opinion on the same issue. Therefore, apprehension that this opinion is likely to weaken the prosecution case in the matter of Swan, Reliance as well is groundless. It is emphatically denied that the law minister is publicly giving clean chit to Essar/Loop.\"Moreover, while the investigating agency was not bound by the opinion, the courts were there to take an independent view of the matter, it said. \"The CBI and ED are independent statutory authorities discharging their duties in accordance with law and in the light of the directions given by the apex court from time to time,\" the ministry said.The NGO alleged that the Loop-Essar case was identical to breach of telecom rules by Swan-Reliance, for which both Swan and Reliance executives were booked under Prevention of Corruption Act. \"The interference of an influential minister in the government, Salman Khurshid, is evident. He is publicly giving clean chit to Loop-Essar,\" the NGO said and apprehended that this could weaken the prosecution case in the 2G scam relating to Swan-Reliance.It said non-inclusion of PC Act charges against Loop-Essar officials meant the case would be tried by a magistrate and need not be put before the special judge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11534068", "title": "Special cell sought to help Tamil workers abroad", "text": "CHENNAI: Indian diplomats and social activists working for Tamil labourers have urged the state government to open a special cell to help Tamil workers in distress in Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates , countries in West Asia, Singapore and Malaysia.Thousands of Tamils form part of the Indian workforce in Gulf, Singapore and Malaysia and are often victims of unscrupulous agents who cheat them after making false promises. These workers are often left with nobody to come to their aid in an emergency and there are few channels of coordination between Indian officials in the countries they work and their counterparts in Tamil Nadu. Social workers and diplomats propose that a special cell be set up for workers abroad on the lines of the Non-Resident Keralites' Affairs department.Lakshmi Usha (26) of Tirunelveli who worked in Saudi Arabia met with a road accident with her friend Bissy Baby (26) from Kerala in November last year. Bissy suffered minor injuries after the women , both nurses , were hit by a car, but Usha was left comatose for a month. After Usha recovered, she had to wait for long before paperwork and formalities were completed for her to return home.In another incident, Rasu Ramamoorthy (27) of Villpupuram fell at a construction site and fractured his hand last month but has no means to travel back to India.\"There are many illegal workers admitted in hospitals waiting to go home,\" said C P Mathew, chief coordinator of Valley of Love, an organisation working for the welfare of Indians in UAE . \"The lack of concern is reflected in the delays at the international airport in Chennai in clearance of bodies of workers who died abroad,\" he said. \"It takes at least six hours for a body to be cleared,\" he said.\"Many Tamils come to Saudi Arabia for work and are conned by recruiting agents in India. The Indian government has restricted recruitment of housemaids, farm workers and shepherds,\" said S D Moorthy, consul for labour welfare at the Indian Consulate in Jeddah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11532566", "title": "Rushdie subtext: Bullying, censorship and cowardice?", "text": "The manufactured controversy over Salman Rushdie's presence at the Jaipur Literature Festival has elicited widespread reactions, ranging from concern over security to outrage over civil liberties. Whether or not India's most beloved writer shows up is no longer the point. People are more disturbed that a small group can threaten freedom of expression in the world's largest democracy and that the government's response can be so effete.The questions being raised go far deeper than an author, a political group and a lit fest: Are civil liberties under threat? Does one have the right to offend religious sentiments? How far can this be taken? Why are governments increasingly pandering to such bullies and threats? And finally, the deep and almost sinister repercussions of censorship and how it can change the way an entire society thinks. As literary critic Nilanjana Roy puts it, \"If you have to start censoring the written word, at some point you'll start censoring your thoughts, and we don't want to head in that direction, we really don't.\"Should writers be encouraged to challenge readers or should they be careful not to rock people's boats? \"I am trying to be balanced in my view on this,\" said bestselling writer Chetan Bhagat, when asked to comment. \"The fact is that he (Rushdie) has been blasphemous, and I don't think it serves much purpose. It doesn't lead to reform. Even if you want to comment on a particular religion, there are better ways to do it. So, we shouldn't make a hero out of him. At the same time, while people have a right to condemn him, they don't have the right to violence or ban him. The government could have been stronger in opposing such bullying. If you want to appease a community, at least side with the modern Muslims.\"Writer and social commentator Shobhaa De said that while there is never a dull moment around Rushdie, it is shameful that his personal visit to a lit fest has been politicized to this ugly extent. \"If the authorities in Rajasthan cannot guarantee the safety of one individual and are quick to shirk off all responsibility, it displays not just a lack of will, but plain cowardice. What is equally disappointing is the disturbing silence of other writers and so-called intellectuals, even those who are participating in the same litfest in Jaipur. Instead of standing up for one of their own, they are willing to throw Rushdie to the lions. It's Salman today. It could be one of them tomorrow.Writer Siddharth Dhanvant Shanghvi offered a somewhat unusual suggestion. \"It's been 15 odd years since Satanic Verses was published - has the Dar-ul Uloom Deoband found nothing else to rage about? If they're here to safeguard Muslims, please move them to Gujurat. Let's see them take on someone the size of Narendra Modi and see how far they get. In the meantime, get a job - then we'll talk.\" Meanwhile, social networking sites featured a barrage of commentary throughout the day, with media maverick Pritish Nandy saying \"Rushdie should be included in our text books so that the next generation of politicians know what should not be banned\" and photographer Atul Kasbekar tweeting, \"So what kind of dweeb nicks someone's water bottle from the gym? Same dip that doesn't allow Rushdie to the LitFest?\"When contacted, Thermax director Anu Aga, a consistently liberal voice in the business world, said, \"If we call ourselves a democracy, we have to give people the freedom to express their views, and not be afraid of their viewpoints, even if it may hurt a group. I really don't agree that to pander to a community, you should ban someone, or stop them from coming. China can get away with it. But how can India do this? Then don't call yourself a democracy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11531561", "title": "Conjoined twins Veena, Vani set to leave Niloufer Hospital", "text": "HYDERABAD: After two years of repeated pleas of Niloufer Hospital authorities to send conjoined twins Vani and Veena to an orphanage, the state government has finally given its nod to take the issue forward. Last week, the government directed Niloufer Hospital authorities to call their parents from Warangal and discuss their future.Sources said that the parents had not visited the twins for over a year and a half. The twins have been living at Niloufer for over five years now. After giving up the plans to do a surgery to separate them, authorities said it was high time the twins started living a normal life.Authorities refused to admit on record that taking care of the conjoined twins, who hail from Warangal, was turning out to be a costly affair for the cash-strapped Niloufer. But sources said that engaging ayahs round the clock only to look after them was a big drain on this state-run facility. The hospital faces an acute staff crunch and has barely managed to take care of the twins for the last five years.About two years ago, their parents had refused to give their consent to the surgery fearing complications.When contacted, the hospital authorities said that it was the duty of the hospital to inform the government about their condition. Dr K Ramesh Reddy, superintendent (incharge) said that Vani and Veena were now nine years old and were not undergoing any treatment and hence, did not require a stay in the hospital. \"The twins are moving around like normal children in the hospital. They are staying in an environment that is not congenial for children of their age. The government was informed of their condition about a week ago. We were asked to talk to their parents and discuss the matter. Their parents were informed last week and are coming down from Warangal on Tuesday,\" said Reddy.He further stated that the children had not been discharged and were very much in the hospital, rubbishing rumours that they were thrown out. \"We are concerned about the well-being of the children and keeping their interest in mind, we have written to the government. Their intelligence is on a par with normal children but they have been cut off from normal life for several years. They are seeing disease and death by staying in the hospital. Whatever response we get from the parents, we will pass it on to the government,\" Reddy added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531428", "title": "Clamour for declaring TB notifiable disease grows louder", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's Tuberculosis (TB) control division has asked the Union health ministry to declare it a \"notifiable disease\" across the country.If approved, all private doctors, caregivers and clinics will have to report every case of the air-borne disease to the government.A ministry note says though a large number of TB patients in India are diagnosed, they are not referred to or notified to the Revised National TB Control Programme (RNTCP).\"Develop and deploy systems for notifying patients at TB diagnosis from all sources. With improved notification, RNTCP could improve case management and reduce TB transmission and the spread of drug-resistant TB,\" the note said. Highly infectious diseases such as plague, polio, H5N1 (bird flu) and H1N1 ( swine flu ) are in the list of notifiable diseases.The clamour to give TB the status of a notifiable disease has got louder following the advent of totally drug-resistant TB in Mumbai. India's 12th five year Plan for TB control says, \"All diagnosed TB cases will be notified irrespective of their treatment or registration status.\"Some experts say India plans to develop the \"TB register\". According to the ministry, the private sector is the first point of contact for health services for 50%-60% of the population. A ministry official said, \"It is of utmost importance that the private sector reports all TB cases to the RNTCP which has high-tech labs to test for resistance and provides high quality drugs and testing free of cost to all patients.\"Ministry officials admit that universal access for TB will largely hinge on the private sector's participation.Undiagnosed and mistreated cases continue to drive the epidemic in India. In 2010, an estimated 2.3 million TB cases occurred, and 360,000 patients died of TB, or about 1,000 deaths per day. Nearly one in six deaths among adults aged 15-49 are due to TB. Nearly 100,000 cases of serious multi-drug-resistant TB (MDR-TB) are estimated to occur in the country annually, and each MDR TB case costs more than Rs 1 lakh to diagnose and treat.Health ministry has lashed out at Mumbai's Hinduja Hospital for claiming to have found totally-drug-resistant TB (TDR TB).According to the ministry, Hinduja Hospital laboratory is not accredited by the RNTCP for culture and sensitivity for second line drugs to diagnose Extensively Drug-Resistant (XDR)/Totally Drug Resistant (TDR) cases and is only accredited for conducting Drug Susceptibility Testing (DST) by liquid culture and sensitivity for first-line drug.RNTCP has accredited only three labs for conducting quality-assured second-line anti-TB drug susceptibility testing - National TB Institute (Bangalore), LRS Institute of TB and Chest Disease (New Delhi) and National Institute of Research in Tuberculosis (Chennai).\"In addition, the term totally-drug-resistant TB is non-standardized. Testing for resistance beyond XDR-TB is not advocated by WHO and poor clinical response to treatment has not yet been correlated with diagnosis of drug resistant TB without laboratory confirmation from accredited labs. For now these cases are defined as XDR TB according to WHO definitions and accordingly can be managed by national XDR-TB treatment guidelines,\" the ministry said.WHO recommendations advice against the use of the Drug Susceptibility Testing (DST) results for second- line drugs beyond those used to identify XDR-TB to guide treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11531802", "title": "Winter takes a break in Kolkata, to return soon", "text": "KOLKATA: The sudden rise in the mercury has left Kolkatans apprehensive about winter having made a premature departure. With the minimum temperature leaping up to 13.9\u00b0 C on Tuesday from Monday's 11.4\u00b0 C, Kolkatans were forced to dump their warm clothes in a corner.But hang on. It isn't yet time to put away your woollies, for, the met office says that chill would soon descend on the city.\"The cityfolk need not lose hope. The cold feeling will return again in a few days. What we are experiencing now is just a temporary phase due to an approaching western disturbance,\" said regional meteorological centre director GC Debnath.The city experienced the coldest day of the season on Sunday when the mercury had dipped to 10\u00b0 C, four degrees lower than the normal mark. Last week, however, saw the night temperature going up as high as 16.9\u00b0 C on Monday last. A high pressure belt and a cyclonic circulation over this region has caused a disturbance in the winter flow. But the decks were cleared again when the mercury started dipping steadily.A western disturbance is playing truant with the chill factor. The impact of this development will be felt in south Bengal in terms of absence of cold feeling while it would bring rain in north Bengal.The night temperature on Wednesday will soar up to as high as 16\u00b0 C while it will be around 17\u00b0 C on Thursday. The day temperature on both days will be around 28\u00b0 C which is about two degrees above the normal mark.\"Both the day and night temperature will remain above the normal mark for the next two to three days. But winter is yet to depart,\" added Debnath. According to meteorologists, winter in the city lasts till mid February.\"I was so happy with the chilljust two days ago. And I find it suddenly gone. But it is good to hear that winter will return again,\" said IT executive Subhankar Sen of Bangur Avenue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11536343", "title": "Wider \u2018scope\u2019 for star-gazers here", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Visitors to the Priyadarshini Planetarium at the Kerala Science and Technology Museum in the city can now have a closer look at the heavens. A 14-inch reflective telescope is ready to welcome stargazers.\"Currently, the huge imported telescope is placed inside a makeshift arrangement for night sky observation in the open air on the terrace, said Arul Gerald Prakash, director of the Kerala State Science and Technology Museum (KSTM).\"It will be shifted to a permanent Astrodome once it is constructed\". For constructing a permanent dome the roof top of the Planetarium, tenders will soon be invited and construction will begin by March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11531632", "title": "City autos want protection from Thane union\u2019s \u2018dadagiri\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The city's auto drivers have threatened to stop plying to Thane and Mira Road if they are not provided with \"adequate protection from the bullying auto union in Thane\".Mumbai Rickshawmen's Union leader Thampy Kurian has submitted a memorandum to state transport secretary Shailesh Sharma, demanding that Mumbai autos be allowed to ferry passengers to Thane and Mira Road.\"We have threatened not to go there if we are not allowed to do business in the neighbouring district,\" Kurian told TOI on Tuesday. Drivers dread going to the areas, fearing that they will be roughed up by the union members.Going by the rules, Mumbai auto drivers can conduct business in the metropolitan region, including Thane and Mira Road. Sharma was unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11531652", "title": "A-G Ravi Kadam puts in his papers", "text": "MUMBAI: After almost seven years of being the top-most law officer in the Maharashtra government, advocate-general Ravi Kadam sent his resignation to the chief minister on Tuesday. He dispatched his \"friendly resignation\" at 5pm to Prthviraj Chavan, an hour after which he surrendered his official red-beacon sedan and at 7pm, vacated his office in the Bombay High Court.Kadam (53), who has been an advocate-general in three different CMs' tenure, said he had first expressed his desire to resign in September last year and again, in November, as he wished to \"move on for personal reasons\". The CM had asked him to wait. Kadam again met him this Sunday and perhaps, confident of the nod this time, followed it up with the letter. A government notification accepting it will be required for him to resign.In his letter, he wrote: \"I have been an advocate-general since 2005. During this time, I have enjoyed unstinted cooperation and confidence of the government. I now believe it is time for me to move on.\" He added, \"I had requested you a few months ago to accept my resignation. You had however requested me to defer it. So now as the new year has begun, I reiterate my request.\" He, as required by law, enclosed his resignation letter to the governor.Kadam, a lawyer for 30 years, confirmed that he had sent his resignation letter. \"I want to explore various options,\" he said. Asked if he would move to Delhi, he merely replied that he was \"considering it\".After H M Seervai, who resigned in 1974 after being the AG for 17 years, Kadam has the longest stint as an AG here. He has represented the state successfully for enhancing the punishment for Alistair Pereira who was convicted of running over seven persons and against a challenge to the current CM's election to a legislative council seat. He has appeared in the mill lands matter and private forests case, defended former top cop A N Roy's appointment as the DGP and in a PIL to ensure greater safety for the city following 26/11. Last year, an opposition party member demanded his removal, but the state stood by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11535619", "title": "Cash worth lakhs stolen from Ashoka hotel room", "text": "BHOPAL: Cash and valuables worth lakhs went missing from a room at hotel Lake View Ashoka here late on Tuesday.The police informed that the incident occurred with a US- based couple who had come to attend the wedding of their Idgah Hills-based relative here.The incident came to fore when the complainant, Namrata, returned to her room after attending the wedding ceremony that had taken place in the same hotel. The woman informed the family on finding the cash and jewellery missing from the room.Subsequently, the Shyamla Hills police registered a case under sections of theft in the incident.Police said two sets of diamond and gold jewellery, a few pendants, a gold chain, around 2000 dollars and some Indian currency were reported stolen.The couple was staying in room number 305 of the hotel. Police said the complainant had locked the room and went to attend the wedding ceremony. A number of their relatives who came to attend the wedding were also staying in the same hotel.The total amount of loss in the theft remained unclear but the police accounted it to be of worth around Rs 5.6 lakh. Investigations were on in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11531798", "title": "Mega office rental deal struck in BKC", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as the residential market continues to face gloomy times, the commercial office space segment has witnessed the biggest lease rental deal ever-in terms of size-in the city. The rates, though, are still less than last year's.The Uttar Pradesh-based Sahara Group, through a lease agreement, last week picked up 3.5 lakh sq ft on the top six floors of Crescenzo, a 20-storey building constructed by Parinee Developers in Bandra Kurla Complex (BKC). At a rental of Rs 220 per sq ft a month, the annual lease rent effectively works out to Rs 75 crore.Industry experts say lease rental in the same building a year ago commanded Rs 250- 275 a sq ft. \"A reason for the discount could be the size and tenure of the deal. The agreement is for nine years with a rental reset clause after every three years. This is the largest and first commercial lease transaction, in terms of space, entered into by a single lessee this year in BKC,\" said an expert.A Parinee Developers spokesperson confirmed the deal, but refused to comment on the rentals. Incidentally, Parinee Developers was a co-owner of the Indian Premier League team Kochi Tuskers Kerala. The franchise was later terminated.Cresenzo stands on a 2.2-acre plot that Parinee acquired from the MMRDA on an 80-year lease in July 2006 for Rs 536 crore.In 2008, the builder executed a major deal by selling 3.5 lakh sq ft to Standard Chartered for Rs 800 crore.According to Kaustav Roy, executive director of global property consultants Cushman and Wakefield, the deal will mean firming up of lease rental rates as the supply for almost ready-to-occupy premises in BKC has reduced. \"Unlike a year ago, the supply of such ready-to-occupy premises is now approximately 12 lakh sq ft. This is available in The Capital (around 5 lakh sq ft) constructed by Wadhwa Developers, TCG (2 lakh sq ft) and FIFC tower (about 7 lakh sq ft) . The limited supply will result in lease rental rates firming up,\" said Roy. Rentals are currently pegged at approximately Rs 300 per sq ft.According to a recent report by global property consultants CBRE, BKC continues to witness an increase in occupier interest, with absorption of 0.18 million sq ft of Grade A office space in the fourth quarter of 2011. \"Sustained occupier interest and negligible supply addition have led to a marginal rental increment of 2-3% this quarter. Vacancy has declined from 11-12% in the previous quarter to approximately 7-8% in this quarter,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11535707", "title": "BHEL senior official held for molesting woman in flight", "text": "BHOPAL: A senior executive with Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) has been arrested on charges of molesting a woman passenger on onboard a Bhopal-bound flight on Tuesday morning. Gandhi Nagar police have registered a case under section 354 of IPC after a complaint by the airport authorities here.The police said the complainant, Ruchi (31), a resident of Singapore , boarded a flight for Bhopal from Mumbai this morning.The woman was coming to Bhopal to meet her parents. The accused, identified as Rajul Agrawal, 47, was sitting next to her in the flight.He allegedly misbehaved with Ruchi onboard the flight and she approached the airport authorities with a complaint against him soon after the flight landed here. He is working with BHEL in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11532166", "title": "Night shelters in city find no takers, cops asked to help", "text": "GURGAON: The MCG (Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon) officials are finding it extremely difficult to ensure that the purpose of setting up night shelters in the city is served. According to them, they are trying various means to motivate destitutes to use the facility but have largely been unsuccessful. They have also requested the police department to ask the beat constables and PCR vans to look for homeless in the city and bring them to the two night shelters that have been set up to protect them from the biting cold.\"It is not that there are no homeless people in Gurgaon. But for some reasons, they are simply not willing to come and stay at these shelters. Even though we have asked for the help of the police in this matter, it has not been of much help since these people get scared at the sight of a PCR van or a policeman. Every night our team has been visiting places like bus terminals and railway stations to identify destitute people and bring them to these shelters but not many agree,\" said an MCG official. The official added: \"Most of them are contract labourers and hail from other cities and are very scared to venture out. They say that they would rather wait for their contact in the city to come and pick them up than come with us and stay in the night shelter. We want to request residents to contact us if they come across homeless people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11531951", "title": "Trinamool hits back at Congress leader", "text": "KOLKATA: Manoj Chakraborty's outburst against the state government - and chief minister Mamata Banerjee - drew an equally sharp reaction from the Trinamool Congress .Commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee asked Chakraborty to quit the cabinet berth \"without any further delay\". Mamata, however, chose not to say a word.\"Instead of threatening to resign and openly criticising the state government, he (Chakraborty) should quit the cabinet and respect the Constitution without delay,\" Chatterjee told reporters.Aroop Biswas, Trinamool's newly inducted minister, was equally caustic: \"Many people shout on the road, do we react to everything? But yes, a lack of education and culture is very evident. My party will react to it further.\"Trinamool is expected to intensify its attack on Wednesday as party state president Subrata Bakshi and Trinamool Youth Congress president Subhendu Adhikari address a public meeting in West Midnapore's Sabang - Manas Bhuniya's bastion.\"This is part of our preparatory meetings before the panchayat elections where we would counter the lies being spread by Congress and CPM in tandem,\" Adhikari said. The next legs of these meetings will be in Murshidabad and North Dinajpur, both Congress strongholds.Chakraborty, however, found unequivocal support from Behrampore MP Adhir Choudhury: \"This isn't an attack - it's a counterattack. The chief minister and her cabinet colleagues had first used the Writers precincts to spew venom against us, some very personal attacks. If anyone's wings are clipped, if Trinamool tries to subjugate Congress ministers, some will speak out.\"\"This is a concerted attack to target ministers from Murshidabad,\" Chowdhury said, adding: \"While Trinamool has the right to oppose Congress in the Centre; we don't have it in the state. All we did was to highlight a problem plaguing the state (farmer suicides).\"Choudhury will meet finance minister Pranab Mukherjee in New Delhi and apprise him of the developments .Choudhury, however, disassociated himself from Chakraborty's comments on Manas Bhuniya. \"I don't support such statements. This is not expected, neither is it appropriate,\" he said.Fisheries minister Abu Hena, who was stripped of the food processing department, said: \"Nothing was discussed with me before the decision was taken. It is true that the chief minister has the prerogative to take decisions, but when we formed the government things were discussed between both parties.\"Hena added, \"A government was being ruled by the Left Front for 34 years and it will take us some time to work in full steam. Moreover, in none of the meetings held so far, anything was particularly pointed out to me about my two departments. What I can say is that perhaps she thought that I am incompetent, what else can explain such a decision? I have spoken today with Pranab Mukherjee and Pradip Bhattacharjee, though I cannot reveal what we discussed with them.\"Chowdhury also questioned the persistent logic of choosing her cabinet colleagues are always a chief minister's prerogative. \"But who among the seven allotted cabinet berths is given to whom is decided by our party. This formula (on the number of ministers) is something the alliance partners had agreed to together,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531659", "title": "Border talks: Tibetans protest outside Hyderabad House", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after India and China began talks on the settlement of the border issue, dozens of Tibetans staged protests in the capital against the visit of a Chinese delegation led by state councillor Dai Bingguo . Many Tibetan youths were detained as they shouted slogans against the visiting delegation outside Hyderabad House.While a group of seven Delhi University students - members of Tibetan Youth Congress (TYC) - staged a sit-in near the media gate of Hyderabad House, another group arrived near the VIP gate in an autorickshaw and started shouting slogans. Carrying banners which read, \"Sino-India border talk is a sham,\" and, \"Don't trust China..1962..,\" members of TYC claimed that there is no reason for China to hold border talks with India. \"Why is China holding border talks with India when the McMohan line falls in Tibet,\" TYC member Tsering Gyalpo, a student of Kirori Marg College, said.The protesters also submitted a memorandum to the Centre saying, \"Until China's forceful invasion of Tibet in 1949, India shared its northern border with Tibet and not China. It was an independent Tibet, which signed an agreement in 1914 demarcating the line between India and Tibet. China has nothing to do with it.\"\"These talks will not conclude in a concrete or long-term resolution as long as the issue of Tibet is not included in the agenda for discussion. The two countries cannot continue to ignore the elephant in the room and rewrite history,\" the memorandum said. Accompanying the protesters was 76-year-old Tibetan Yeshi Choezon, who lives in Majnu ka Tilla. \"I hope to go home soon to a free Tibet,\" she said.A similar protest was held at Jantar Mantar where agitators burnt Bingguo's effigies. Holding placards and wearing 'Save Tibet' bandanas, the protesters shouted slogans against the Chinese delegation and demanded that China end the \"illegal occupation\" of their homeland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11532235", "title": "Republic Day security: No visitors inside terminals till Jan 30", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The entry of visitors inside domestic and international terminals at Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport (SVPI) will be stopped till January 30. The move comes in the wake of security measures put in place for Republic Day.Airport officials said that everyday, several family members of flyers buy tickets to enter the visitors area which will now be restricted for security reasons.Officials said they received a circular from the Bureau Of Civil Aviation and Security (BCAS) about restricting the entry of visitors and double screening airline officials entering the terminal building till January 30.\"Everyday around 1,000 people buy tickets to enter the visitors' area at the city airport's domestic and international terminal. The prices of these tickets are Rs 30 for domestic and Rs 60 for international. As per the BCAS circular family members and friends will have to see off the flyer from outside the building. Screening of ground staff officials has also been intensified for Republic Day,\" said an airport official.Ahmedabad airport last year received threatening letters where the senders claimed to be belonging to terror groups. CISF officials said that every year the entry of visitors inside terminals is restricted a few days before January 26, but this time it has been done well in advance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11536791", "title": "75% housing societies in city to grow trees", "text": "PUNE: An action plan is being prepared to take up plantation in 75% of the existing 22,000 cooperative housing societies in the city. The remaining 25% have no space for plantation.From January 16, plantation started in 1,000 housing societies that have been identified as having bungalow plots. This decision was taken by representatives from various departments including social forestry , PMC's garden department, housing federation and deputy registrar and sub-registrar of cooperative societies on Thursday.Madhukar Chaudhary, commissioner and registrar of cooperative societies, Pune division, said that the action plan will be prepared by the Pune Vikas and Lokkalyan Samitee - a division of Mandke Human Happiness Foundation - in coordination with the cooperative societies that will comprise of identification of tree species, areas to be given priority, identification of societies, creating awareness, deadline, among others.The pits for planting will be made by the Samitee and plants will be distributed to the societies by the PMC and the forest department. Members of the society will have to ensure survival of the plants.An expert committee comprising members from the forest department, garden department, PMC and registrars of cooperative societies have been formed for the project. They will suggest the tree species and technique for the project.Sudhir Mandke, chairman of the Samitee, said that the idea is to increase green cover in the city. \"The plantation will also be extended to open spaces and institutions,'' he said.Madhav Gogate, former principal chief conservator of forests, Maharashtra, who is a member of the expert committee, said that there is space crunch in many societies, so it is important to come up with new ideas that can meet the present challenges.\"We have to look at the tree species that require less space and also analyse planting techniques.For example, climbers can be grown that do not require much space. Similarly, rooftop gardening and terrace gardening can be utilised,'' he said.According to M H Khedkar, former Principal chief conservator of forests, Maharashtra, and member of the expert committee, the selection and size of the trees is important. Planting of trees is easy but there is also a need to see that the plants survive, he said.The norms for number of trees to be planted under the Maharashtra (Urban Areas) Protection and Preservation of Trees Act, 1975 under the tree act are as follows:1. As per the Development Plan approved by the PMC, one tree should be planted per 100 sq mt of every open space, stadium and playgrounds2. The builder has to protect the trees and pay a sum of Rs 10,000 per tree to the PMC's garden department as deposit. After one year, the builder gets back the amount if the tree survives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11536098", "title": "Five kids get new life at Jan Sunwai", "text": "INDORE: Five children, who have been suffering from various kinds of illness since their birth, got a ray of hope at the Jan Sunwai, here on Tuesday.Hearing the grievances, district collector Raghvendra Singh directed the health department to provide immediate medical attention to the five kids - Roshini, Mushahid, Yogesh, Nikita and Radhika.Ten-year-old Roshini, who had come with her mother Meena Lodhi, has been suffering from visibility problem and her family can't afford the costly treatment to cure the problem.After listening to the problems of Roshini, who is not able to study due to the low visibility of her eyes, the collector directed the officials to arrange for the best available treatment to revive the visibility of the child.Sabina Bi, mother of the five-year-old Mushahid said that her child has been suffering from hearing and speaking disabilities since birth.Though it can be cured, the poor mother did not have means to get her child treated. At the Jan Sunwai, Raghavendra instructed the health department for the treatment of the child and also promised the mother of proposing for a financial aid from the Red Cross Society.Yogesh and Nikita who were suffering from visibility problems also got help from the administration, while five-year-old Radhika who is a physically handicapped child and also suffering from hearing problems, was sent for treatment.Similarly, one Nirmala also received financial aid and free treatment at government hospital for her paralytic husband. A couple approached the district administration seeking help to treat their child, who has been suffering from some heart ailments.The child and women welfare department was also instructed to make adequate arrangements for the treatment and care of the children for which provision was made under the chief minister's child and heart treatment scheme.Apart from health related issues, property disputes also came up at the Jan Sunwai.One Usah Bai complained that a few people wanted to encroach upon her ancestral house. On this, the collector asked the SDM to investigate the matter and take appropriate action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11534138", "title": "Chennai chills as cold wave sweeps down", "text": "CHENNAI: Pongal usually marks the end of Chennai's tryst with a mild winter, but this time the city appears to be having an extended date with the cold season. Monday night was one of the coldest in this decade, as the mercury dipped to 17.7 degrees Celsius from 18.5 degrees the previous night.The weatherman says this is up to 4 degrees Celsius below normal for this time of the year and attributes it to the cold winds. \"There are these cold winds from the north-east sending the mercury down,\" said a MET official. Regional Met office deputy director Y E A Raj says all the southern states are feeling the chill.Chennai has been registering minimum temperatures between 18 degrees and 19 degrees Celsius in the last few days. On Monday night, Chennai recorded the coldest temperature for a coastal region in the state. People returning home late night on two-wheelers felt it was unusually cold for a mid-January night.\"I was shivering while riding. It gets colder when you reach areas of thick vegetation like Kotturpuram and Sardar Patel Road,\" said Pramod K, who works past midnight. Chennai's lowest recorded temperature in January is 13.9 degrees Celsius in 1905. On January 10, 2010, the mercury dipped to 17.5 degrees CelsiusInland areas experience colder climes as the mercury has gone down to 13 degrees in some rural areas. Met experts say coastal areas like Chennai remain relatively warmer because of the exchange of wind from the sea and land. According to the India Meterological Department ( IMD), winter in Chennai begins in January and lasts till mid-February.Banglore registered 12 degrees Celsius on Monday. Places including Hosur, Mysore and other south Indian towns are experiencing extreme weather this winter.Minimum temperature registered in Chennai in January (last three years)201118.7 (January 13)201017.5 (January 05)200918.4 (January 31)Record minimum temperature in January-13.9 degree Celsius (January 29,1905)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11532595", "title": "'CCS decision on trainer aircraft likely this week'", "text": "New Delhi: The Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) is expected to consider a proposal worth over Rs 1,850 crore for procurement of 75 Pilatus trainer aircraft from Switzerland in its meeting scheduled later this week, IAF Chief Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne said on Tuesday.\"I am hopeful, because it is pending for clearance from the CCS. The moment the CCS clears, we should be able to sign the contract,\" the IAF chief said in response to whether the CCS will take up the Pilatus procurement deal to give its final nod.The Pilatus aircraft are being procured by the IAF to provide training to its rookie pilots and replace the HPT-32 trainer aircraft which have been grounded for over two years after a fatal accident in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11530878", "title": "1 killed, 20 injured in Hingna accident", "text": "NAGPUR: One person died and more than 20 people were injured after a speeding matador overloaded with passengers overturned near Mohgoan village on Hingna road on Tuesday afternoon.Vinod Sawant (20), a native of Amravati, was killed after he got trapped under the matador. According to Hingna police, there were around 50 passengers in the matador, far beyond its capacity.Also, the driver was going at a high speed and due to the overloading he could not control the vehicle and it overturned.Immediately after the accident, the driver fled the spot. Some of the passengers managed to rescue themselves while nearby villagers rushed the injured to a rural hospital. Some of the seriously injured were brought to Government Medical College and Hospital. Cops said that the injured include seven children.Police said that the passengers were from Chhindwara and were heading for some labour work.speakoutnagpur@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11532190", "title": "Fixed-rate healthcare regime in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Almost a year and a half after it was implemented in the other metros, the preferred provider network (PPN) in health insurance was rolled out across 63 hospitals in the city on Monday, promising an end to inflated bills and treatment costs.The PPN, operated by public sector insurance majors National Insurance Company, New India Assurance, United India Insurance and Oriental Insurance, fixes rates for 39 procedures like open-heart surgery, angioplasty, appendicitis and knee replacement (see box). The insurance companies are banking on PPN to usher in an ethical and clean billing regime and ensure those availing of the cashless facility aren't fleeced. However, hospitals are keeping a close watch on this new method. Even those who have signed for PPN feel some package rates should be reviewed after a few months.Insurance officials said hospitals under PPN will accept all TPA cards. \"We have worked out the process of PPN over a period of several months and offered specified rates to various hospitals. Those hospitals that have agreed to our rates are part of PPN,\" said National Insurance general manager S Bhattacharyya. He felt PPN would also help reduce confusion. \"All hospitals under PPN will accept all TPA cards. Now, hospitals are selective about TPAs, like hospital A does not accept TPA B card,\" Bhattacharyya said.PPN was rolled out in Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai and Bangalore in July 2010. It is being implemented in Kolkata, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad and Chandigarh in this phase. Now, if a health insurance policy-holder goes to a non-PPN hospital, s/he will not be able to avail cashless facility but will be entitled to reimbursementS Tiwari, CAO of Heritage Health TPA and co-ordinator for TPAs in the city, said those not under PPN were eager to come under this network. \"We are in talks with hospitals not under PPN. Big hospitals like Apollo, Fortis, Woodlands and Belle Vue Clinic are not under PPN but talks are on and they are interested,\" he said. Tiwari felt a benchmark should be set for cost of health facilities in hospitals. \"In some cases, we find the charges to be exorbitant,\" he remarked.CMRI chief operating officer Rupak Barua said PPN would help upgrade payment modalities. \"It is a good initiative. For long-term sustainability of heath insurance, such steps are required. But there should be an option to review the packages as well,\" he said. S B Purakayastha, CEO, Ruby Hospital said PPN would help make hospital charges uniform and reasonable. :Patients will have a clear idea about costs, and hopefully, it will also streamline the cashless procedure. ,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11533149", "title": "'River pollution major concern'", "text": "NASHIK: With less than a month left for the elections for the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), political activities have gathered momentum in the city. Residents of the Panchavati area are unhappy over the pollution in the Godavari River, including Ramkund, Laxmankund and nearby areas.Situated on the banks of the river Godavari, Panchavati is one of the oldest areas of the city and a centre of pilgrimage, as thousands of the tourists and devotees visit it daily. Hundreds of small and big ancient temples are located in the area, which is one of the only four places in the country where the Kumbh Mela is held.Satish Shukla, president, Ganga Godavari Purohit Sangha (which represents the priests of the area), said, \"Generally, pilgrims who visit this area expect the Godavari 'tirtha' (holy water), but this does not happen. Cleaning and sanitary work in the river and the nearby areas are not carried out properly. Religious activities are continuously performed in the Ramkund area, but water is not released here regularly. Our demand is that the NMC must ensure regular water flow in Ramkund.\"\"Encroachment around temples is another problem. Temples along the river must be free of hawkers and permission to shops or hawkers should be given after proper planning, but this does not happen. A vegetable market is set up on the river banks every Wednesday. In some places, vendors even sell meat on open spaces. Such things should not be permitted,\" Shukla said.Local T D Parmanand said, \"There are a large number of beggars near the Kapaleshwar temple and in Ramkund. Devotees come here in large numbersevery day and donate food to them. Some of thebeggars throw the refuse on the roads, adding to the filth. NMC's sanitary workers clean the area only once in the morning. Besides, piles of 'nirmalya' (waste produced in temple rituals, like flowers etc.) are left in and around Ramkund by devotees once the rituals are through.\"Traffic congestion is a major problem near the Naroshankar temple. Autorickshaws and motorcycles are always parked in the no-parking zone adjoining Sandva Devi temple. Traffic jams are frequently seen on the road towards Ramkund,\" said local Jayant Tamboli.When contacted, sitting corporator Madhubala Bhore (ward no. 17) said, \"Pilgrims from across the country visit the area in large numbers and leave it littered. Sanitary workers of the NMC's health department keep cleaning the area. There are encroachments by hawkers around the temples and I have written several letters to the NMC administration to remove them. All roads in my ward have been concretized.All the basic needs of the public in my ward, from water to roads, have been fulfilled. There is no open space in my area, hence, I can't undertake more work apart from looking after the basic needs of the citizens,\" Bhore said.This is the third of a series on civic affairs ahead of the NMC elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11536405", "title": "Neha Dhupia's tribute to Frida Kahlo", "text": "Neha Dhupia loves to dress up. So much that she has dressed up as famous painter Frida Kahlo for a calendar styled by Sabyasachi Mukherjee.Buzz is that Neha spent a lot of time reading up on Kahlo and also watching the movie starring Salma Hayek .A source reveals, \"Neha loves to take risks. She always thinks out of the box and this project was on the same lines.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11532165", "title": "PBD delegate registers case of land fraud", "text": "JAIPUR: A non-resident Indian from Pennsylvania , who had invested Rs 1.5 crore here to open a dental college near Jaipur in 1998, was cheated when the local caretaker fraudulently transferred the land allotted to the NRI in his name. Commissioner of police B L Soni said that the US-based victim was a delegate at the Pravasi Bhartiya Divas (PBD).A doctor by profession, Raj Eshwar D Kharey had purchased 13 bighas and some biswa of land in Jaipur in 1998 during the regime of former chief minister Bhairon Singh Shekhawat by paying nearly Rs 1.5 crore. Last year he had come to know that all the land was transferred by the local caretaker Sohan Singh Rathore in the name of a Public Trust.According to the sources, he met chief minister Ashok Gehlot after the completion of Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas and sought his intervention. \"Gehlot referred the matter to the Commissioner of Police, BL Soni and asked the police to provide every possible legal help to the victim,\" a senior police officer said. An FIR under section 420 and 409 of IPC was lodged at Manak Chowk police station on Tuesday.Divulging more details to TOI, Sameer Kumar Dubey, assistant commissioner of police, Ramganj, who is investigating the case, said, \"Kharey visited the police station with official complaint on Tuesday and based on their allegations we have registered a case of cheating against Sohan Singh Rathore and others under section 420 and 409 of IPC.\"\"Both Kharey and his partner Srinivas Ramnathan had purchased 13 Beegha land in 1998 and wished to open a private dental college under Appollo Medical trust in which he had a 50:50 partnership. Since he needed a caretaker they sought a person and appointed one Sohan Singh Rathore as the caretaker,\" Dubey added.\"In the FIR he has alleged that Rathore got the entire land transferred in the name of a public trust and made son Devendra Thakur, daughter Pratima and grandson as the trustees,\" Dubey added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11532015", "title": "Kolkata pubs to charge more for booze", "text": "KOLKATA: That drink of yours is all set to burn a hole into your pocket. Come March, a peg at watering holes across Kolkata will get dearer by at least 10%. Restaurants are implementing the hike a year after liquor prices went up to offset some of the losses they had absorbed. Since most held old stocks, the price revision didn't hit them hard initially. But with stocks now running out, they have started feeling the pinch.\"Last year, the hike was a steep 10%. It would have hit customers hard had we passed it on to them. Since we had old stocks, it was decided that restaurants shall absorb the hike. On an average, the hike didn't exceed a reasonable 5%. It's been almost a year now and we are on the verge of exhausting old stocks. It's no longer possible for us to subsidize liquor prices. A 10-15% hike is in the offing,\" said SK Khullar, executive council member of the Federation of Hotel and Restaurant Owners' Association.He added that the 4% rise in sales tax implemented in 2011 has made the present price revision inevitable. \"We had appealed to the government to withdraw it. Had it not been for the sales tax, we could have stuck to old prices,\" said Khullar, who is also the owner of Amber.Deepak Puri, owner of Trincas on Park Street, agreed. \"It has been a double blow. Liquor prices have shot up both at distribution and retail levels. We decided to go slow with the hike last year since we didn't want to shock our customers. Almost the entire hike was absorbed but now it's time for a revision. We shall be working out the new prices soon. It could be around 10% more than the existing rates,\" said Puri.While prices of premium liquor brands shot up by almost 50%, low and medium-range ones saw a 30% hike. Restaurants couldn't afford to pass on the hike to consumers without actually suffering a loss, said Parag Mitra, general secretary of the West Bengal Foreign Liquor Manufacturers', Wholesalers' and Bonders' Association. \"It has been so steep that consumption would have plummeted in restaurants if they had implemented a proportionate increase. They had to absorb a portion of the hike which they have done, thanks mainly to the stocks at old MRP rates. But they are running out of stocks which would mean a bigger subsidy on liquor which is perhaps not feasible,\" said Mitra.Some, however, argued that a price hike was not unavoidable given that food prices have now slid marginally. \"Since we have absorbed the hike initially, a price revision would not be wise now. While old stocks helped us to tide over the hike last year, food prices have dropped this year So, we can manage to maintain status quo, though our profit on liquor will drop,\" said Pratap Daryanani, owner of Oasis.Liquor sales, Daryanani claimed, didn't drop substantially after the hike last year. \"It would have if we didn't absorb the hike. With retail prices up, the gap between the price at an off-shop and a restaurant narrowed down. This has worked out favourably for restaurants and we should be taking advantage of it. A hike at this point could again drive away customers,\" he said.Many are also wary of a liquor price hike prior to April, which is the usual price review time for restaurants. It could be counter-productive, felt Nitin Kothari, owner of Mocambo. \"We shall be revising liquor prices, probably in April. But there will be just one revision,\" Kothair said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11534472", "title": "Campaigning for University students' union poll begins", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the authorities of Allahabad University going ahead with the decision of holding the elections for students union, the process could start within the next ten days. Political ambition of the aspirants to become office-bearers of 81st students' union of the 125-year-old university is also running high. The election campaign in the form of posters, banners and hoardings are colouring the walls of various departments around the campus.Although, the banners, posters and hoardings does not directly appeal to the voters to support the person concerned but the New Year and Republic Day greetings mentioned in the posters and hoardings is invariably aimed to make the presence felt among the students, especially those of the science faculty. The posters are being used to gain sympathy of the students. The hoarding installed by one of the aspirant is showing a scene where he is being dragged by the police for taking part in an agitation staged at the campus a couple of months ago.One aspect that could lead these aspirants into soup is the new regulations formulated by the authorities and recently passed in the meeting of the academic council (AC). They regulations state that once the notification is issued by the university authorities for conducting the elections, campaigning through posters, banners and hoardings could cancel the candidature.The trouble is also inevitable following the recommendations of the Lyngdoh Committee report which has been followed in letter and sprit in the newly formed regulations for conducting the elections at the campus. These provisions are mentioned both in the new regulations of university and the Lyngdoh committee report.One such provision mentions that all candidates shall be prohibited from indulging or abetting activities which are considered to be 'corrupt practices' and offences such as bribing of voters, intimidation, impersonation, canvassing or use of propaganda within 100 metres of polling stations, holding meetings 24 before the time fixed for the close of the poll and providing conveyance to voters to and from polling station.Another provision mentions that no candidate shall be permitted to make use of printed posters, pamphlets, or any other printed material for the purpose of canvassing. Candidates may only utilize handmade posters for the purpose of canvassing, provided that such handmade posters are procured within the expenditure limit set for canvassing.Under this provision, the posters, hoardings and banners installed by the aspirants, comes under the ambit of disqualifying them.The regulation also mentions that candidates may only utilize handmade posters at certain places in the campus, which shall be notified in advance by the election authorities. Moreover, no candidate shall be permitted to carry out processions or meetings or canvass or distribute propaganda material outside the university campus. No candidate and his/her supporters deface or cause destruction to the university property for any purpose whatsoever. All candidates shall be jointly held liable for destruction/defacing of university/college property.In the backdrop of these regulations, once the notification for holding the elections is issued, these posters and banner could land the candidates in trouble. The university authorities are keeping a close watch on these posters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "shravasti", "code": "11534765", "title": "Seven dozen luxury cars in convoy; code violation case against one", "text": "SHRAVASTI: Going for the nominations with a big convoy proved dear to a Lokmanch candidate. The election commission has ordered to regsiter a case against the candidate. A case of violation of poll code was registered at Ekauna police station.Lokmanch candidate from assembly area 290-Shravasti Haneef Choudhary reached the headquarters on Saturday and filed his nomination, his convoy included seven dozens of luxury cars during the nomination. The administration was astonished to see the huge convoy of cars parked outside the Collectorate Ground. As per the guidelines of the election commission, the convoy was videographed, moreover Haneef stood on one of the cars and addressed the supporters. The district electoral officer acknowledged the incident and ordered the election officer of Shravasti assembly area to register the case of violation of election rules of conduct. At this the SDM/election officer Gangaram Gupt wrote to the station officer (SO) Ekauna to register the case . SO Ekauna Rambali Rai registered the case. Election officer Gupt told that all the candidates have been instructed to bring three vehicles during the nomination, if any candidate voilates the election rules of conduct, strict action would be taken against him.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11531466", "title": "Religion is a resource of peace: Asghar Ali Engineer", "text": "HYDERABAD: Religion is often misused by people with vested interests, said noted reformist and social activist Asghar Ali Engineer, who was in the city on Tuesday.Speaking at the release of his autobiography, 'A living faith - My quest for peace, harmony and social change', Engineer said that religion should unify people and not divide. He said his work of over 45 years had revolved around three causes, which he said were his priorities __ inter-religious peace or communal harmony, women's rights, especially Muslim women's rights, and the modern interpretation of Islam.\"I believe religion is not just a strategy or a tool, but a resource of peace. It has always been grossly misused by persons with vested interests, priests and politicians. Religion is meant to make us good,\" Engineer said. Sharing what triggered his interest in this field of work, Engineer said, \"I was a student in Indore when the Jabalpur riots took place. I was shocked to hear that people were taking lives in the name of religion. I didn't find anything in Islamic teachings that encourages killing other people. I was convinced that there was another reason, hence, I began to investigate and this investigation went on till the Gujarat riots in 2002.\"Engineer said that Sufi Islam has had a great influence on him as it focuses on pure love which, according to him, is very important in one's life. Drawing references from the sayings of Erich Fromm and Mahatma Gandhi , he emphasized on the need for truth, compassion, humility and non-violence. \"I stand for social change and reform,\" he added.Speaking on the occasion, professor Javed Alam, former chairman, Indian Council of Social Science Research, said, \"To truly secularise our country, separation of politics and religion is necessary.\" He said that the state government should be made an autonomous institution, not guided or influenced by any external authority. \"Even state functions start with an invocation. Religious rituals should be avoided in public life,\" he said.Discussing Engineer's book, PM Bhargava, founder director CCMB and former vice-chairman of the Knowledge Commission, said, \"The book contains a great anatomy of communal riots and throws light on the unreasonable suspicion on Muslims every time an incident occurs. I only differ with him on the point of religious terrorism as I believe is it a product of religious fundamentalism.\"Among those who spoke at the book release were G Haragopal, professor of Political Science at University of Hyderabad, Susie Tharu, department of ultural studies, Eflu, Mazher Hussain, social activist, and V N Rai, director, SVP National Police Academy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11530932", "title": "Pereira awaits copy of SC order to surrender", "text": "MUMBAI: Alistair Pereira, convicted in a 2006 drunk driving case in which seven people were killed, is yet to receive a certified copy of the Supreme Court (SC) order upholding his three-year sentence.The Bombay High Court had sentenced Pereira to three years in jail in 2007.Once Pereira receives a copy of the SC order, he will have to surrender before the appropriate authority, following which he will be sent to jail to complete his sentence.Pereira hasn't spoken to the media and has been spending time with his family at his Bandra home. A person known to the Pereiras said the 26-year-old is ready to complete his jail term but is upset with the way the media has reported on recent developments.On Monday, Pereira approached the Khar police to surrender. He was subsequently let go as the police, too, are yet to reeceive a certified copy of the order. Pereira's father, who ran a small business in the sururbs, had died last year. After his father's death, Pereira took over the business to support his mother and sister.Bandra resident Neil Pereira said, \"The government and the police took more interest in the case as Pereira is neither politically connected nor influential. Why are the authorities not following the cases of two actors living in Pereira's vicinity?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "11535085", "title": "Martyr's birth fest sees promises galore", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Yet another birth anniversary of freedom fighter Pandey Ganpat Ray at his native village Bhauron in Bhandra block witnessed promises of developing the area as a model village.A former education minister had announced the village school to be named after the martyr in 2007, but it is yet to be done. In 2008, then minister Enos Ekka had laid the foundation stone for a check dam in Botka Nala but it was not executed. In 2009, then DC of Lohardaga Virendra Kumar had announced to adopt the village to make it a model village. Similarly Subodh Kant Sahay , Sudarshan Bhagat, Inder Singh Namdhari and several others had promised moon to the villagers, but nothing has been done.On Tuesday, MP Sudarshan Bhagat and MLA Kamal Kishore Bhagat were among the dignitaries who attended the programme to pay tributes to the fighter. Bhagat said he had spoken to his party chief cum deputy CM of the state Sudesh Mahto to develop Bhauron as a model village. The MP said he would ensure that priorities were given to developing schemes of the village. Some of the officials from the district administration also repeated the same promises.For the past several years, birth anniversary of the freedom fighter on January 17 and death anniversary on April 21 are observed every year under the banner of Pandey Ganpat Ray Smarak Samiti. Vice-president of the samiti Digamber Sahu and secretary Dukhharan Sahu said a number of promises had been made by ministers and top leaders from different parties in the past, but development still remains a dream at Bhauron.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11534104", "title": "Team lands in Kudankulam to probe NGOs", "text": "CHENNAI: A special team from the Union home ministry is in Kudankulam to probe fund transactions of six NGOs operating in the region and believed to be working \"against\" the nuclear power project, top sources told TOI.\"Two NGOs run by Tuticorin Archbishop Evan Ambrose received Rs 54 crore in recent months from foreign countries, including the US. We have directed them to submit proper documents. The documents submitted by them were not adequate. So we have sent a special team for a thorough investigation. This is the third round of probe,\" a senior officer in the home ministry said.An NGO, said to be run by M Pushparayan, organiser of the agitation against the nuclear project, also got funds from other countries, home ministry sources said. The ministry had directed these NGOs to submit documents under the Foreign Contribution Regulation Act. The ministry, sources said, was not fully satisfied with the documents submitted by them. \"If the ministry is not satisfied with the documents, these NGOs would face stringent action,\" said Union minister of state in the Prime Minister's Office M Narayanasamy.The Centre has alleged that foreign funds are being used to fuel the anti-nuclear protests in the Kudankulam. The special team has been in Kudankulam for more than three days and is said to have verified the documents submitted by the NGOs. \"The special team was careful not to involve in anyone from the local units. The investigation will conclude on Tuesday. The team will submit reports to the home ministry soon,\" the source said.Dismissing the allegations, Tuticorin Archbishop Evan Ambrose told TOI, \"We have been submitting audit reports to the home ministry every year. The special team has sought some clarifications and we are co-operating with them. There is nothing to hide.\" Pushparayan alleged that Centre was trying to spread the news that foreign funds are being diverted to keep the protests going. \"The home ministry has sent a notice to our NGO last month and we have submitted all the documents they sought. They seemed satisfied with the particulars,\" he said.S P Udayakumar, convener of the People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy, said, \"This is an intimidating exercise by the government. They are abusing the state power. It clearly shows that they don't believe in democracy. I can assure that we haven't got a penny from any body.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11530482", "title": "Three hurt in fire at Sadar hotel, firemen evacuate trapped guests", "text": "NAGPUR: Firemen averted a major accident after they extinguished a fire that had broken out at a hotel on Mount Road in Sadar on Tuesday evening.Five fire tenders were pressed into service to douse the inferno, which was brought under control within an hour. Three persons sustained minor injuries in the incident. Firemen evacuated some people trapped on the affected floors, preventing a bigger loss.Caused due to a short circuit, the fire spread to the kitchen and store room on the fifth floor before the flames reached the office on the sixth floor. Even as firemen struggled to bring the inferno under control, the flames started spreading on the seventh floor.The fire brigade had to summon additional fire tenders after its initial efforts failed to put out the flames.Personnel from Sadar police station also reached the spot to control the mob and assist the firemen. A hotel employee who got trapped in the lift between the fourth and fifth floor was rescued later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11535427", "title": "A new way to beat blood cancer?", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists claim to have found a new way to beat severe blood cancer by removing a pro-survival protein from acute myeloid leukaemia cells.A team at the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research says it has discovered that acute myeloid leukaemia (AML), an aggressive form of blood cancer with poor prognosis, is susceptible to medications that target Mcl-1 protein, the 'Genes &amp; Development' journal reported.AML is the most common type of acute leukaemia. Some forms of AML occur in children, while other forms are more prevalent in adults over the age of 60. Of patients with the most severe forms of AML, fewer than one in six survives for five years after diagnosis.In the research, the scientists found that treatments that remove the protein Mcl-1 -- also called \"pro-survival\" protein, because it can make cells long-lived -- from AML cells can rapidly kill these aggressive cancer cells.\"The gene for Mcl-1 was first discovered in AML cells, but until now it had not been realised that the Mcl-1 protein was critical for AML cells to live. What we have shown is that without Mcl-1, AML cells rapidly die,\" Dr Stefan Glaser, who led the team, said.The scientists say that in the future, new treatments for AML will be developed that work by specifically blocking Mcl-1. Glaser said: \"We found that many types of AML cells were very dependent on Mcl-1 to survive. When Mcl-1 was depleted from the AML cells, they rapidly died.\"Importantly, non-cancerous blood cells were much less susceptible to dying when Mcl-1 was depleted. This means that, if Mcl-1 inhibitors are developed, there may be a 'treatment window' in which AML cells are killed, while normal blood cells that are essential for health can be spared, helping patients recover from the treatment much better.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11531075", "title": "Civic polls: Seven-member committee to check paid news", "text": "NAGPUR: The state election commission (SEC) has directed all the municipal corporations, including the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), to form a seven-member committee to check paid news and initiate action if required.Through a notification, SEC's additional secretary DM Kaned stated that the commission has learnt about candidates and political parties publishing advertisements in the form of paid news.\"The SEC has decided to keep a strict vigil on election expenses of candidates and political parties. Candidates spending more than the prescribed limit will be disqualified. To hide expenses, candidates and political parties publish advertisements in the form of paid news in the print media. Therefore, a committee has to be formed to check such kind of paid news. The committee has to investigate complaints related to paid news. First, a show cause notice asking why the expense of paid news should not be included in election expense should be issued. After completing the process, the expense should be included in the election expense,\" said the officer.The municipal commissioner will be the chairman of the committee and the public relations officer will be the member secretary. The other five members will be representatives nominated by the commissioner of police, municipal commissioner, district information officer, the press council of India and from the respective ward.speakoutnagpur@timesgroup.comIn another order, the SEC made it clear that candidates must submit the B-forms to be issued by the political parties up to the last date of receiving nomination forms. To avoid rebellion, parties issue B forms late. With this provision, the contestants may first submit the nomination form and later the B-form but up to the last date. The provision is also applicable for A-form, states the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11533559", "title": "Priyanka\u2019s presence may prove lucky", "text": "LUCKNOW: For the first time ever, Priyanka Vadra Gandhi could step out of the Gandhi family pocket boroughs of Amethi and Rae Bareli and campaign for Congress in the UP polls, lending that big push to a Congress revival campaign in the state spearheaded by brother Rahul.\"It has taken us some time to accept that Priyanka did not harbour political aspirations. During each assembly and parliament election over the past 10 years there has been a clamour for her and we would even receive letters penned in blood,\" a senior leader recalled.\"The reaction is more restrained now. Even her supporters in Amethi and Rae Bareli feel the issue concerned her life so she must not decide under any outside pressure,\" he said. Those who met Priynaka during her day-long visit to Amethi on Monday, however, did claim to notice a \"certain assertiveness and confidence which was missing in the past\". She is committed to going any length to ensure victory for her brother, claimed an old hand from Amethi.Raj Babbar, chairperson of the UPCC election campaign publicity committee, said her remarks were \"a noble gesture from a doting sister\". Talking to TOI, the Firozabad MP said that \"candidates are keen to use her presence as their lucky charm. Demands are coming in from all quarters,\" Babbar said, adding: \"Therefore, I am planning to send a formal request to the UPCC president.But the ultimate decision would be taken by the top leadership.\" Jagdish Piyush, an old family loyalist from Amethi, claimed that people in the twin constituencies were aware of a larger role assigned to her this time. \"Election 2012 is vital for her brother. Priyanka has always been a very family-oriented person who shares extremely close ties with her brother. So isn't it natural for her to do whatever she can to ensure that the tally goes up this time?\" he asked.\"Priyanka's entry will definitely translate into larger vote share,\" claimed chairperson of UPCC media cell and party MLA Vivek Singh, adding that \"the UPCC (however) has not yet received any formal information on the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11530260", "title": "Protesting Vansh Nimay employees damage over dozen buses", "text": "NAGPUR: City police is set to come down heavily on protesting Vansh Nimay employees after a section of them resorted to violence on Tuesday to protest the management's decision to sack many of them for breach of discipline and other reasons.A bus was set afire by the agitators at Khairi village on Kamptee Road, late on Tuesday night. More than a dozen Starbuses were damaged and tyres of 36 buses were deflated by the agitators on Tuesday. Half-a-dozen drivers and conductors of the buses too sustained injuries after the protesters attacked them during the agitation. Fearing more violence, Vansh Nimay has hired more than 600 private security guards to counter the protesters.Cops have registered around 10 offences at Sakkardara, Nandanvan, Hudkeshwar, Lakadganj, Kotwali, Ganeshpeth and Sitabuldi police stations. Sections of rioting and creating ruckus under provisions in Indian Penal Code (IPC), Criminal law amendment act, Bombay Police Act and Prevention of Damage To Public Property Act were slapped against the protesters. Cops said the leaders, including Ramcharan Dubey, Ananta Puri and others, were booked, holding them responsible for the damage.City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay said leaders have been charged as abettors under section 109 of Indian Penal Code (IPC) apart from other stringent sections along with their supporters. \"The protesters who pelted stones and damaged Starbuses have already been booked, but we are going to take their leaders to task too now,\" said police chief Ankush Dhanvijay. The CP had sent around 600 protesters to jail for a fortnight for violent protests during the winter assembly session.On Tuesday, the protesters damaged windshields of buses by hurling stones. Two buses were damaged at Reserve Bank of India square. Protesters pelted stones on another two buses at Ganeshpeth, one each at LIC junction, Khairi on Kamptee road, Beltarodi and other places. The agitators also manhandled drivers and conductors at Khairi on Kamptee road, Beltarodi and certain other places. Sources from Vansh Nimay also said some passengers also complained of being targeted by protesters.Mahesh Kandalkar, manager of Vansh Nimay, said it was unfortunate the way an administrative issue was politicized. \"We have already re-inducted 274 out of 602 employees booked for violent protests. They are opposed to the idea of a bond for good behaviour that we are demanding. They had other demands too, which was practically not feasible, something even the authorities from labour department and Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) have clarified,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11532909", "title": "Meghna wants a house in every country", "text": "CHANDIGARH: From travelling to the world's weirdest places, having a never ending supply of ice to partying hard, owning a house in every country and finally getting married to her beloved by following a variety of rituals from around the world, Meghna Kapoor wants to do all this and more before the world comes to an end.21-year-old Meghna wants to splurge partying hard and this wish surely tops her list. She says, \"The world is going to end anyway so why let all the money be wasted in destruction! Hence, I wish to party hard every single day and meet as many people as I can until doomsday arrives.\"Next she wants to see all the weird places in the world which have not been frequented by people. \"I would love to go to the weirdest places in the world - places where common man has not dared to go. For example Madagascar , Amazon Forest, North Pole, Atlantic. I love travelling and I have seen these places only in films so I am very curious to visit them personally,\" she said.Meghna loves animals and she wishes to have puppies of all breeds at her place. \"I just love dogs. I have many puppies at my farmhouse in Nainital. At present, I have four dogs namely Bruno, Buddy, Smokey and Scooby.\"Crazy about eating ice, Meghna wishes for a never ending supply. \"I love eating ice, be it winter or summer! And although it gives me lockjaw, I can't help eating it!\"Next, like all girls Meghna wishes to have a huge wardrobe - stuffed with the best of brands from around the world. \"I wish to look ravishing so I want a huge wardrobe with loads of options of different styles.\"Enough of worldly pleasures, Meghna wants to want get away from the hustle-bustle of the city and spend her time in countryside where no body bothers her. \"There I want to build a luxurious tree house fro myself. I believe it's the best place one can ever think of for finding peace,\" Meghna said. She adds, \"I wants to own one farmhouse in every country of the world.Last but not the least Meghna wants to get married with her someone special by following all customs and traditions of the world. \"We would first get married as per our Hindu customs. Following this I would love to get married following the rituals of different religions. The main reason behind this is that I want to get dressed in a variety of traditional bridal attires.\" And finally on December 20, she would just walk-off to an isolated place leaving behind everything. \"If the world is really going to end on December 21 then I would not want to see everyone dying,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11535572", "title": "BJP, Congress corporators to meet on Wednesday", "text": "BHOPAL: A joint meeting of the corporators of the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) and the opposition Congress will be held here on Wednesday.The meeting has been convened after a demand by Mohammad Sagheer, the leader of opposition in the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC). The meeting would discuss the financial status of the corporation, Sagheer said.\"2011 has been tough for the BMC as far as the finances are concerned,\" mayor Krishna Gaur said. \"In the meeting on Wednesday, we will clear all the misconceptions of the Congress regarding expenditure,\" she added.\"We want to know what steps the corporation has taken for the development of the city,\" said Sagheer, adding \"We want to know the financial status of the BMC.\"Congress corporator Mahira Salaamuddin alleged that the corporation was focusing on unnecessary spending rather than concentrating on recovery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11530780", "title": "Rebel MNS leader Dhote claims several parties wooing him", "text": "NAGPUR: City unit president of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) Moreshwar alias Mama Dhote who has openly rebelled against the party leadership has now come out with tall claims that almost every other party was offering him candidature to contest in the NMC elections.Dhote, a sitting corporator from Wathoda ward, also headed the city unit of MNS for the last five years and was one of the two elected members of the party in the civic house. Despite a clear diktat that all aspirants seeking party candidature need to appear for a written test and interview, Dhote failed to do so. As a result, the party put his candidature for the forthcoming civic polls on hold.\"Till now I have not received his resignation letter. Only from media reports I gathered that he is planning to quit the party,\" said MNS eastern Vidarbha division head Hemant Gadkari.\"Dhote was made city unit president. He was also given a party ticket in the last assembly elections. So, how can he claim that the party neglected him,\" asked Gadkari.\"When his son could appear for the MNS entrance test and interview, what stopped Dhote from doing so. Even then we are ready to arrange his interview and consider his case but for last several months he stopped communicating with me though I supported him all through,\" said Gadkari.Meanwhile, Dhote claimed that almost all parties, including the Congress, the BJP. The RPI and the Samajwadi Party were wooing him and his wife offering them a party ticket. Wathoda comprises of a large number of unauthorized layouts and Dhote who controls the supply of water to these localities through tankers has a hold in the area.Apparently, at loggerheads with the MNS unit for not giving him a say in ticket allocation, Dhote is seeking greener pastures in other parties. \"I have not made up my mind on joining any other party,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11485256", "title": "Farhan plans to attend Republic Day parade", "text": "Republic Day is round the corner and guess who wants to see the parade? Actor-director Farhan Akhtar plans to attend the ceremony in the capital.\"Somedays back when I was in Delhi, I noticed preparations for the Republic Day parade have started. So, this time I think I would go to Delhi to see the parade. So lets see, hopefully, I would go and see it,\" the 38-year-old filmmaker said while being presented as the brand ambassador of electronics company Omron.Farhan is currently working on Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra's \"Bhaag Milkha Bhaag\". His last as a director, \"Don 2: The King Is Back\", has done a good business at the box office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "11532843", "title": "Cold wave in hill town", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Ooty experienced freezing cold on Monday night as the mercury dipped very close to zero degree Celsius. A white blanket of frost covered the hill town.According to officials of the Government Botanical Garden (GBG), the temperature device located inside the GBG registered 0.6 degree Celsius on Tuesday morning ending twenty four hours. However, the lowest temperature this season was zero degree Celsius recorded on December 8. Generally, between November 15 and February 26, a dip in temperature to zero degrees is not uncommon.About three years ago, in winter the temperature touched minus two degree Celsius. But even zero degrees registered indicates that the temperature has gone down further at the ground level, according to officials. Also, the severity of the winter season depends on the rain fall. On Tuesday the maximum temperature recorded was 21 degree Celsius.During the summers the temperature normally ranges from 10 degrees to 22 degrees Celsius in the hill town. During the winter months temperature ranges between 0 degree and 21 degrees. This year, Ooty witnessed the onset of winter during the first week of November, followed by an extended north east monsoon rain that lasted over 10 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "11529542", "title": "Litterateur Asha Bage felicitated", "text": "WARDHA: \"Literature is important for a healthy society and the young generation should focus on reading rather than visiting social networking sites only to access information,\" said Datta Meghe, MP.He was speaking as the chief guest at the 89th anniversary of Vidarbha Sahitya Sangh at Satyanarayanan Bajaj Public Library, Maganwadi here on Tuesday.Vasant Dahake, who will be the president of the 85th All-India Marathi Sahitya Sammelan to be held at Chandrapur, was felicitated.Litterateur Asha Bage was honoured with 'GT Madkholkar Smruti Jivanvrati Puraskar'. Also awarded were VS Jog, Pradip Aglawe, Dr Machhindra Chorghade, Keshav Bobade, Chandrakant Wankhede, Ananta Sur, Sadanand Deshmukh, Kranti Sadekar and NM Joshi.The Vidharbha Sahitya Sangh was established in 1923 at Nagpur on Makar Sakranti since then it is contributing in the enhancement of Marathi literature and honours the scholars of Marathi. The scholars and literary figures , Including noted novelist Asha Beg, awarded on the occasion of the 89th anniversary of the foundation of the Vidharbha Sahitya Sangh, said that 'We extend our gratitude to the institution, which has honored us. '", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11532930", "title": "Two arrested for damaging hotel property in inebriated condition", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city police arrested two persons for allegedly creating ruckus and damaging properties in a hotel near Central Theatre in an inebriated condition on Tuesday.Accused G Thirumurugan (30), son of Govindasamy, and Prabhu Kumar (22), son of Senthil, both residing at police quarters in Ganapathy, had come to watch a film at the Central Theatre along with their friends, police said.While other three of his friends waited in the queue to buy tickets for the film, the duo visited nearby Rex Hotel to have food.Both ordered for mutton biriyani. However, even after several minutes of wait the order was not delivered, which infuriated Thirumurugan and Prabhu Kumar. They were further angered when the staff informed them that they did not have mutton biriyani and they can only serve them with chicken biriyani.In the meantime, their friends who were buying the tickets for the film joined them. While their friends argued with the hotel staff, Thirumurugan and Prabu Kumar in fit of anger damaged the furniture and broke the glass of a showcase inside the hotel and escaped from the scene.The B2 police arrested the duo and their friends. The police filed a case against them under section 427 for mischief and causing damage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "11534982", "title": "Defying cop warning costs driver's life, owner hurt", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The driver of a car was killed and the vehicle's owner was injured in a police firing after the duo ignored the security personnel's warning to stop for checking at Sultanee Ghati in Palamu on Monday when the Maoists called a bandh in Bihar.The deceased was identified as Dara Singh alias Devendra Yadav (38), while the owner of the Tata Magic vehicle Ajit Singh alias Dara Singh (45) suffered injuries. Yadav was driving the vehicle from Daltonganj to Barun in Bihar and Ajit was sitting next to him.Yadav and Ajit were the residents of Bihar's Barun area. Palamu SP A T Mathew has confirmed Yadav's death. He said Ajit was taken to the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences in Ranchi after giving him first aid at Chhaterpur and Daltonganj.Mathew said, \"It was a freak accident. As the Maoists had called for a bandh in Bihar, a team of Palamu district police and CRPF was stationed at Sultanee Ghati for checking vehicles. At 10pm on Monday, the vehicle was passing the area. The cops asked the vehicle to stop for security reasons and also to ask its occupants not to move at night. But the vehicle sped off much faster. Our men then fired that hit the driver's chest, killing him on the spot, while Ajit Singh suffered injuries,\" added the SP.Primary reports said two shots were fired. Asked why police did not try to deflate the tyres to stop the vehicle, Mathew said, \"It is a matter of investigation. Police must have tried to hit the front tyres and it missed and killed the man.\"In his statement to police in Daltonganj, Ajit Singh accused the men in uniform of firing and killing the driver and injuring him.\"An FIR has been lodged against the security men,\" said Mathew. Asked if it was a CRPF jawan who opened firing, Mathew said, \"Let the investigation be over.\"Police have registered a case under Section 304, which deals with culpable homicide not amounting to murder. \"A postmortem was conducted on Yadav's body by a medical board of three doctors on Tuesday and the postmortem was also videographed,\" said the SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "11532972", "title": "NRI woman delivers 'Jhatpat' on US train", "text": "NEW YORK: An Indian-origin woman gave birth to her first child during the train ride from New Jersey to New York, in what would be her most unforgettable journey.At first, Rabita Sarker, 31, of New Jersey said she thought she was experiencing false labour pains as she boarded the train run by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey in Jersey City . But as the Manhattanbound train entered New York, Sarker knew her baby could nor wait any longer.As she went into labour, few passengers helped her panicked husband deliver the baby boy they nicknamed \"Jhatpat\" - the Hindi word for \"fast\", a report in the New York Daily News said.\"He decided to come and that was it. Nothing could stop him. Nothing could keep him inside for longer,\" the report quoted Sarker as saying.She was later admitted to a New York hospital. \"I don't think anybody could actually dream of such a delivery,\" she added. Sarker and her 30-year-old husband, Aditya Saurabh, were already on their way to the hospital for a medical check-up.\"We were coming here to check if it was false labour or not,\" she said. \"I was like, 'Okay, I'm just doing it for peace of mind'\". Wanting to avoid the always-crowded Lincoln Tunnel, they decided to take the commuter train 'PATH' that runs from New Jersey to New York.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jhansi", "code": "11533544", "title": "Rahul blows MNREGS trumpet in Bundelkhand", "text": "JHANSI: Blaming the past governments for the current plight of Bundelkhand region, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday alleged state minister and senior BSP leader Nassemuddin Siddiqui had given the tractors to his sons, which were meant for farmers and sent by the Centre. Addressing a public meeting at Lalitpur, Rahul Gandhi said that when he visited Bundelkhand two years ago, he saw the plight of the people here.\"I took a delegation to the prime minister who immediately gave a package for this area. Some months later when I came here again, I was told that the money (meant for you) had not reached you because the 'elephant' in Lucknow had eaten it all up,\" he said.Attacking the BJP, he said that if its leaders had bothered to visit Bundelkhand and see the situation here, they would have felt ashamed for giving the slogan 'India Shining'. He further said that parties like SP and BSP, which sought votes on caste and community basis, are concerned only with 10% of the population, whereas the Congress is inclusive and works for all sections of the society. He said that when the Congress came to power in 2004, it gave the country the biggest employment scheme through MNREGS.\"When we gave MNREGS, Mayawati said it would not work. If you have to see what change MNREGS has brought, you should go to Congress-ruled states like Haryana, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh. MNREGS has changed the lives of farmers and labourers, checked migration of people and given them self-respect. In UP, it has not worked because the 'elephant' eats up all the money,\" he said.The Congress leader said that the party had given to the people the right to education, right to information, right to employment and now right to food. \"Mayawati has said that this scheme is a 'natak'. \"If we are giving you food, is that 'natak'? It is not the Congress which is doing 'natak'. It is the 'elephant' in Lucknow that does the 'natak' by eating up the money,\" he remarked.He further said that the Samajwadi Party (SP) is advertising its 'Umeed ki cycle' (cycle of hope). \"You gave them three chances and your hopes were punctured. You all remember how the recruitment for police jobs took place, how goons had entered police stations and how it became difficult for the common man to lodge an FIR in a police station,\" Rahul Gandhi said, reminding the people of the state of lawlessness that prevailed in UP during Samajwadi Party's rule.He also said that time has come for a change in Uttar Pradesh, so that it can regain its lost glory. \"I have not come here to win elections, but to change the state. You must vote for the Congress, so that you have your own government -- a government that understands you and your welfare and works for your future,\" he said. \"You have given other parties 22 years. Now give us five years and see the change we bring,\" Rahul said. Rahul was accompanied by union minister and Jhansi MP Pradeep Jain Aditya and senior Congress leader Janardhan Dwivedi.From Lalitpur Rahul went to Mauranipur, Samthar, Chirgaon and then to Jhansi. He also mentioned that he throughout his student life he had spent in America and Australia but it is the villages of his country where he got the real wisdom of life. At one point during his programme, a boy waved a black flag towards Rahul with black money inscribed on the flag, which was ignored by the organisers. Tomorrow the Congress MP will be visiting Orai, Madhogarh, Kalpi, Rath and Mahoba.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535248", "title": "FWICE bans Veer's producer from filmmaking", "text": "The latest in the Salman Khan Vs Vijay Galani saga is that the Federation of Western India Cine Employees (FWICE) has slapped a non-cooperation directive against the producer of Veer.Under this directive, Galani will not be allowed to make another film till he clears his dues with Salman. Significantly, he will have to fix a meeting with Salman soon to arrive at some common ground for the payment of his dues.On December 2, 2011, this newspaper had broken the story about Salman sending legal notice to Galani for non-payment of dues amounting to a whopping Rs 12 crore. Angry with the producer for not responding, the actor had gone ahead and filed a complaint with FWICE, demanding a face-to-face meeting with the errant filmmaker.Upon contacting FWICE President Dharmesh Tiwari, he confirmed the happening, \"Yes, we have issued the non co-operation directive against Vijay Galani, and yes, Salman Khan will be meeting him soon, once he returns from abroad. Hopefully, this issue will be resolved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad/bangalore", "code": "11532318", "title": "South shivers: 7 die in AP; Karnataka coldest in 100 yrs", "text": "Hyderabad/Bangalore: The unprecedented cold wave sweeping across southern India has claimed seven lives so far in Andhra Pradesh and broken century-old temperature records at several places in neighbouring Karnataka.Chilly winds blew across coastal and north Telangana districts, claiming the lives of four elderly persons at Gudipudi village near Sattenapalle in Guntur district on Monday. Two women each died in Bapatla and Visakhapatnam.In interior Karnataka, the harsh weather has broken records. Madikeri registered its lowest temperature in 132 years on Monday, with the minimum dropping to 4.8 degrees Celsius.At 7.7 degrees Celsius, Mysore recorded its coldest day in 120 years and Bangalore saw its coldest day of January in 19 years with minimum temperature touching 12 degrees Celsius. In the plains, Belgaum was the coldest at 7.2 degreesB Puttanna, director, in-charge, Bangalore Met department blamed the cold wave in north India for temperatures dropping as much as 7-9 degrees, as compared to last week, in some places in Karnataka.\"The severe cold wave from the north and north-east combined with clear skies, has brought down minimum temperatures across the state,\" he said.The weather department has forecast slightly warmer days ahead for Mysore and Bangalore.In Andhra Pradesh, Adilabad shivered as mercury fell to 4 degrees Celsius. On Saturday, it had plummeted to 3.7 degrees, the lowest in 10 years in the region. Last week, the minimum temperature was as high as 15 degrees celsius.Meanwhile, weather officials said the cold wave conditions in Andhra Pradesh would continue for the next 24 hours.They attributed the phenomenon to easterly waves sweeping across central India. While Ramagundam and Medak recorded 7 degrees on Monday, Hyderabad was unusually cold at 10 degrees.Children and the aged were worst hit while the cold winds were also causing serious problems among people suffering from asthma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11533910", "title": "Road work info likely to be displayed at site", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai is likely to make it mandatory for contractors selected for re-laying a road to erect a board containing details of the project, including the estimated cost, time taken to complete it and their phone number as well as technical specifications such as the thickness of tar and concrete, at the site from the next financial year.Presently, the display of such details is compulsory for projects such as flyovers or subways.Sources at Ripon Buildings, headquarters of the corporation, said plans were on to make the display of such boards compulsory from April. \"Normally, when a road is damaged or flooded due to rain, all blame the civic body,\" said a senior corporation official. Once such boards are in place, people can directly approach the contractor, he added.Sources said contractors engaged in other civil works including, relaying of storm water drains or building schools, would also be required to display such boards. \"It is expected that this will bring in more transparency in civil works,\" the official said.While road experts said putting up of such boards could help break the \"unholy\" nexus between corporation officials and contractors, officials denied any such nexus. \"There is no such nexus, but in some cases, the officials are not capable enough to ensure quality,\" said a senior official.When contacted, Builders Association of India (Chennai) chairman N Raghunathan said the city's poor storm water drain system was behind the poor roads. \"Roads get damaged due to water stagnation and not because of poor re-laying. Unlike the highways department, the corporation does not insist on a camber correction (which allows water to flow off the road), so water stagnates,\" he added.Recently, corporation commissioner P W C Davidar said 36 contractors found responsible for the bad condition of 112 roads had been asked to start restoration work by January 14. A recent survey by the civic body had found nearly half of the 142 km of bus route roads relaid at a cost of Rs 62 crore last year had been damaged within a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11535883", "title": "State\u2019s power co fails to find consultant for upgrading old units", "text": "BHOPAL: Cash-strapped Madhya Pradesh Power Generating Company Limited (MPPGCL) is finding it difficult to rope in a consultant to suggest ways on how to go about up-gradation of its four 25-year-old units at Satpura Thermal Power Station (STPS) under the Public Private Partnership (PPP) scheme.For the first time, the state-owned MPPGCL is looking for a consultant to advise it on up-gradation of four units at STPS in Betul at an estimated cost of around Rs 1900 crore. It has plans to modernize the four units, having an installed capacity to generate 830 Mega Watt (mw), under lease-renovation-operation and transfer (LROT) scheme, which is akin to Build Operate and Transfer (BOT) scheme run by different state governments for construction of roads.Under BOT, contractors initially invest money in road construction, thereafter operate it for a particular period to realize their capital and earn profit and finally transfer it to the state concerned.\"We are looking for consultant since October. Applications were invited but we could not find a suitable candidate. Now, the last date for applications for hiring consultant has been extended to January 31\", MPPGCL Managing Director (MD) Vijendra Nanavati informed TOI.\"It's for the first time that adopting PPP model for up-gradation of power generating units is being considered\", he said adding that STPC's four units - number 6 of 200 mw, number 7 to 9 of 210 mw each were commissioned in 1972, 1980, 1983 and 1984 respectively.\"Before launching a search for the consultant, the MPPGCL-which is in red and incurring a loss of around Rs 250 crore-had already carried out residual life assessment (RLA) and life extension (LE) studies of the four units. The studies were conducted by the NTPC, which charged Rs 6.5 crore for the same, informed officials. \"We got the MP Electricity Regulatory Commission's (MPERC) nod to hire NTPC for RLA and LE,\" a top MPPGCL official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11535002", "title": "High court rejects Koda plea for ban on Rai book", "text": "RANCHI: Former chief minister Madhu Koda on Tuesday suffered a setback when the Jharkhand high court rejected his petition seeking a ban on a newly released book titled \"Madhu Koda Ka Loot Raj\".The book is authored by former BJP MLA Saryu Rai and focuses on alleged illegal exploitation of Jharkhand's rich mineral reserve during the Koda's tenure as the CM in 2006-08. The book was released by Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy at a function here on last Sunday.A division bench of Chief Justice Prakash Tatia and Justice P P Bhatt dismissed Koda's petition saying that everybody has the right to freedom of speech. The former chief minister on January 12 had moved the high court seeking a ban on the book.Advocate Rajiv Kumar said, \"The judgment of the court was against the petition of Koda because it was against the provisions of the Indian Constitution. The court said the ban on book will be against freedom of speech and expression.\"Koda is presently lodged in the Birsa Munda Central Jail on charges of amassing wealth disproportionate to his known sources of income and involvement in a money-laundering scam along with his close aides. The cases are being investigated by the CBI and the Enforcement Directorate (ED).Welcoming the decision of the high court, Rai said contention of Koda was not correct. \"I have not tried to be judgemental in the book. It is just the portrayal of what happened during his tenure as the chief minister and everything is based on evidence,\" said Rai.\"Even now, Koda should come forward and accept that people used his office to make money and exploit the resources of Jharkhand instead of lingering the process,\" said Rai after the judgment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11533587", "title": "MP Jayant to contest state poll", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a significant development, the Rashtriya Lok Dal on Tuesday decided to field Jayant Choudhary as its candidate from Mat constituency of Mathura. Son of RLD chief Ajit Singh, Jayant is at present the Mathura MP. The ambitious move is to bring Jayant into state politics and project him as an important candidate under the Congress-RLD combine.RLD sources said that Jayant could play an important role in the UP political turf in case the Congress-RLD manages to win enough seats in the ensuing assembly elections to form the government. His father, Ajit, is already occupying an important position of Union minister of civil aviation.But this could be a test for the 32-year-old UK-returned economist-turned-politician as he tries his fate against the sixtime MLA from Mat, Shyam Sunder Sharma. Sharma contested as the candidate of Akhil Bharatiya Lok Tantrik Congress (ABLTC) in the previous assembly elections and defeated Ram Pal Singh of RLD. Before that he had defeated Chaudhary Pratap Singh of BSP. This time, Sharma is contesting on the BSP ticket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11532480", "title": "332 bulk litres liquor seized in past four days", "text": "PANAJI: Intensifying their efforts, the state excise department conducted 83 raids in the past four days netting 332 bulk litres of liquor from across the state.According to information provided by the excise department, a haul of 92.5 bulk litres was seized from liquor establishments in Bardez, where two raids were conducted on January 13. Sources informed TOI that the liquor seized was worth Rs 5,300.The following day excise officials conducted another three raids on liquor selling establishments in the same taluka seizing 16.2 bulk litres of liquor worth 700.Sanguem saw five raids on January 15, with 12 bulk litres worth 2,000 seized.On January 16, Bicholim witnessed three raids seizing 126 bulk litres of liquor worth 6,398.On the same day, two raids in Salcete managed to haul 43 bulk litres worth 3,650 while 3,577 worth liquor of the same quantity was seized in Canacona.Sources told TOI that on the whole, liquor selling establishments seem to be by and large conforming to instructions issued by the excise officials. Sources said establishments were closing before 11 pm and maintaining accounts of liquor sale transactions.In another development, the excise department probe has found that the harassment allegations recently levelled against one of their officials were unsubstantiated. The report to this effect has been submitted to the election commission, said sources.The state excise department has constituted 40 flying squads to keep a tab on excise violations during the model code of conduct. With this, there will now be a minimum of one excise official to supervise as well as assist the flying squads constituted by the district collectors, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11536037", "title": "IRS budget session likely to be stormy", "text": "INDORE: The annual general meeting of the Indore chapter of Indian Red Cross Society, which is scheduled for 23 January, is likely to be stormy. The issues that might come up for discussion may include proper wage for the labourers working on the land owned by the society and framing of proper rules for expenditure.The district collector Raghavendra Singh, who also heads the Indore chapter of the society, will preside over the meeting.The organisation is involved in various philanthropic works like leprosy eradication and financial aid to poor people who fall under the category of below poverty line. The society owns property worth Rs 50 crore in the city. However, there is no demarcation of its property as yet.The organisation also carries out agricultural activities on some of its properties. However, the real beneficiaries comprising poor labourers get a paltry sum, a source on condition of anonymity said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "goke (darjeeling)", "code": "11532055", "title": "GJM to launch stir from March 27", "text": "GOKE (DARJEELING): The bonhomie between the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) and the state government is set to face a stiff ordeal with the former on Tuesday announcing that it would restart an agitation from March 27 for a separate state.In recent months, GJM has been giving indications that they were not happy with the delay in the formation of the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA). \"We have been left with no option but to restart our agitation. We will wait till March 27 and then announce our agitation,\" said Bimal Gurung, GJM president.On Monday, John Barla, the ousted leader of Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Vikash Parishad (ABAVP), had announced that he would start an agitation in the plains to pressure the government to include Terai and Dooars regions in the GTA. The ABAVP leader had also said he would start and awareness programme in the Terai and Dooars regions from February to educate people about the benefits of GTA.\"The delay in the formation of the GTA is unnecessary. This cannot go on any further,\" Gurung said on Tuesday. The youth wing of GJM has already started signature campaign and public meetings to garner support for a separate state. Asha Gurung, the president of GJM women wing, also lent her support to the cause.The government has appointed a nine-member team to survey and verify the demand of GJM, but no reports have been submitted yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11532192", "title": "MNREGA - poor demand", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as lack of work among the poor continues to be a big concern, there are no takers for work in the city outskirts merely because there's far more lucrative work. In Anekal, on an average, labourers take up work only for four days under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MNREGA) - a scheme mandated to offer work for 100 days. Statistics say that people just don't want work in and around Anekal.The data has been put out by India Governs, a research institute that has worked on the implementation of MNREGA project in the state. The researchers say that demand for MNREGA work is declining in the areas surrounding Bangalore as daily wagers are going for more lucrative jobs.S M Zulfiquarulla, joint director of MNERGA, explains why this was happening. \"Labourers do not readily come forward to take up work under the scheme as it is not lucrative like other opportunities. It is a demand driven project. We are not getting enough labourers for works. The labour problem is severe in the surrounding areas of cities, especially Bangalore.\"In 2009-10, the average persondays of employment in Anekal was 30, which declined in 2010-11 to four per year. The state average of persondays of employment is 38 for 2009-10 and 21 days in 2010-11. This means, across the state, on an average, the government has offered jobs for 21 days for poverty-ridden daily wagers under MNERGA scheme. The project has a mandate to provide a minimum of 100 days' work to labourers across the state. The average persondays of employment is counted by dividing the total persondays of employment by the total number of persons with Job cards.In the surroundings of Bangalore, works such as rural connectivity, land development, water conservation and water harvesting, renovation of traditional water bodies, drought proofing and flood control have been taken up.According to Veena Ramanna, a researcher with India Governs, who holds masters in Mathematics from IIT Bombay, the purpose behind the survey is to initiate dialogue between MLAs and citizens. \"The declining number of works could be because of lack of demand for MNREGA works near the metropolis. What we have put out is an average figure. We are only interested in showcasing the statistics. Interpretations based on the data can be done by the public and elected representatives,\" said Ramanna.Pay based on quality of workWhen TOI spoke to authorities of MNREGA on disparities in payment, as Rs 30 (paid in Gulbarga) has been paid in some of the districts, the reply was, \"the wages may vary depending upon the work done by the villagers.\" This is despite the fact that the fixed wage under the act is Rs 125 per person per day. \"We also consider the quality of the work done by daily wagers. Wherever the payment has been less, it could be because of the poor work rendered by the workers,\" S M Zulfiquarulla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11532496", "title": "Lack of staff hampers ACB functioning", "text": "PANAJI: The country may have woken up to fight corruption, but in Goa, the state government has failed to keep its Anti Corruption Branch (ACB)- which primarily looks into corruption complaints by public servants- functional.The ACB has an office at Altinho, but no full-time superintendent of police (SP). There is no deputy superintendent of police (DySP) since the last three years and it has been left without a police inspector (PI) since the last 23 days after PI Nilesh Rane, the only PI posted at the ACB, was transferred and posted at Margao police station. The branch doesn't even have any PSIs. The sanctioned strength of the ACB is one DySP, two PIs, two PSIs, one head constable and two police constables. At present, the branch has just one head constable and one police constable.With the government failing to post officers to the ACB, SP Bosco George- who is holding additional charge of the ACB- wrote to the government on December 27, 2011, stating, \"In view of the absence of police officers, this branch is left with no other option but to refuse to entertain complaints relating to the assembly election, as well as complaints and RTI applications from the general public.\"Reiterating George's concern, secretary (vigilance) VP Rao also wrote to DGP Kishan Kumar on January 1 stating that \"the work of the ACB has been hampered due to the absence of any responsible officers\".Rao further wrote, \"You may be aware that the date of the legislative assembly election has been declared and in the past, the Election Commission had referred many election-related complaints to the ACB. Such complaints need to be attended to on a priority basis. However, in the absence of any officer of the level of police inspector and above, who is vested with the powers of investigation under the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, the ACB will face a great inconvenience to deal with such complaints.\"Even 16 days after the letter was sent, no officers were posted to the ACB.In a recent development, public prosecutor Carlos Ferreira wrote to the chief secretary and the DGP asking that \"the staff which may be required by the ACB be quickly put in place with the permission of the Election Commission of India (ECI)\". Ferreira, who is appearing for the ACB in a petition filed by social activist Kashinath Shetye, wrote the letter after he had to seek time from the HC as there was no ACB officer to brief him about a case registered against tourism minister Nilkanth Halarnkar. HC granted time \"while expressing displeasure\".With the HC adjourning the matter to January 23, the Goa police have now written to the ECI requesting them to grant permission to post officers at the ACB so that its functioning is not affected, confirmed government sources.In a late Tuesday evening development, SP headquarters issued an order appointing PI Braz Menezes, PSI Filomena Costa and a police constable to ACB.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11532123", "title": "3 die of \u2018suffocation\u2019 in generator room", "text": "GURGAON: Three people died of suffocation on Tuesday while sleeping in the generator room of a company where they had gone for carrying out some repair work. The three workers had visited the internet company in Kasan to repair its faulty tower, late on Monday evening.After completing their work, they went to the generator room to sleep and never woke up. The police suspect suffocation to be the cause of their death. The three have been identified as electrician Omparkash, a native of Bihar, van driver Ashok, a resident of Mainpur, and UPS specialist engineer K Raju, a resident of Tamil Nadu. \"A post mortem will be conducted on Wednesday and we have informed the family members,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "sabuol (churachandpur)", "code": "11535344", "title": "Hang(shing) is king in Sabuol", "text": "SABUOL (CHURACHANDPUR): \"If I can take care of my subjects, why can't ministers? We have a good climate, our people do well in every sphere of life, so why can't politicians take our state forward?\"Chingjapao Hangshing, the tribal \"king\" of Sabuol, one of the smallest Kuki villages in Manipur's Churachandpur district, strongly feels Manipur can progress and attain glory if the administration is streamlined.Hangshing lords over a \" kingdom \" atop a hill which has a population of about 200 Kukis and 160 voters. It lies on National Highway 150, connecting Imphal with Mizoram via Churachandpur. \"I can run my village smoothly and peacefully, then why can't these big men?\" asks Hangshing, who took over the reins of his \"kingdom\" from his father Tungjakap Hangshing in 1996.Hangshing has had his fare share of struggle, too. Though he cleared the Class-XII exams from the prestigious Sainik School Imphal, he couldn't complete his engineering course from the Regional Engineering College, Durgapur (now NIT Durgapur) as his father couldn't afford the expenses of travelling from Sabuol to Durgapur via Kolkata as also the college fees.But such setbacks did not take away his essential goodness as the village chief. \"I don't allow any of my villagers to starve. If they don't have anything to eat, I give them rice and help them earn a livelihood,\" says the tribal king sitting on the verandah of his house surrounded by lush hills, and then he adds, \"since I am from the Sainik School, army officers posted in the area have always respected me and helped my village. In 2007, one of my Sainik School colleagues was posted as commanding officer of an Assam Rifles unit here. I helped them broker peace with the Kukis.\"Kuki militants have signed a Suspension of Operations agreement with the Okram Ibobi Singh government now and living in designated camps waiting for peace talks to begin. \"My contribution was very small and perhaps no one will ever take note of it. But I have no regrets as long as peace returns to our land,\" he says.Sushilo Singh, a private school teacher working in Churachandpur, is full of praise for Hangshing. \"If our politicians act like Hangshing, most of our problems will be solved. Funds come from the Centre, but then they don't reach us. Such is the state of corruption here.\"Hangshing has had to weather many storms to keep his village together. Two years after becoming the king, ethnic clashes between Kukis and Paites tore his village apart. Over 1,500 people lost their lives. Then came the threat of militants.\"I approached the Gorkha Rifles for security using my Sainik School reference. They came to our village and guarded us till the ethnic strife ended. Villagers from neighbouring Tuilaphai also took shelter in our village when they saw Gorkhas were deployed here,\" says Hangshing.He's even allowed three Nepali families to stay in his village and rear cows. Hangshing is a democratic to the core. So, despite being a Kuki, he supported Paite candidate Phungzathang Tonsing, power minister ( Congress), in the last election. He strongly believes ethnic and religious considerations should not impede the democratic process.But this time he is undecided about which candidate to vote for though he feels the election will be more free and fair this year. \"All candidates will come to campaign here, but they cannot do so without my permission. All villagers have their right to choose their candidate and we can't force anyone. At the most, we can make an appeal on behalf of a candidate,\" he says.Once, an Assam Rifles commandant gifted Hangshing a crate of whisky. But since he did not drink, he distributed it among his villagers. They were very happy with the king's gesture.Many years back when his father could not send him money for his studies because he needed that fund to spend on his subjects, Hangshing was a frustrated youth. He drowned his misery in alcohol. He kept hitting the bottle even after becoming the king. One day he heard people talking about him being a \"drunkard\". That very day he decided to give up the bottle.\"In 2005, I surrendered to God and asked him to give me courage to give up alcohol. By God's grace, I managed to quit drinking,\" says Hangshing, a devout Christian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11535599", "title": "Fear of entrance tests: Counselling must to help students fight exam stress, say experts", "text": "VARANASI: Keeping in mind the approaching term-end examinations and entrance tests, the Banaras Hindu University (BHU) is focusing on psychological counselling to help students handle the exam pressure.Recently, a BSc (final year) girl, Monica Verma, had committed suicide, which triggered concern among the varsity authorities. She was a maths student and had failed in a back paper exam recently.Rakesh Pandey, a senior psychologist and professor, department of psychology, BHU, said on Tuesday, \"The suicidal tendency is the extreme manifestation of hopelessness and we call it 'theory of learnt helplessness'. Though, there may be several factors leading to suicide, depression is the prominent factor. The pre and post examination pressures add to the depression and if the result goes against the candidate, he decides to end his life. In fact, the student going through depression does not see any point in living any longer.\" It is also worth mentioning that the department runs psychological counselling sessions for BHU students two days a week (Tuesday and Friday).The session is run for both - day scholars and hostel inmates. The examination period, especially the term-end ones at the end of academic session, witness more and more students seeking psychological counselling.There are a number of psychological tools to conduct psychological screening tests that help keep a tab on vulnerable sections, especially the students. \"Generally, we prepare a set of questionnaires to test the psychological aptitude of candidates. Other things including personality trait, personal profile and background.Past history of the students are also taken into account. Even, the Student Council of BHU has placed the questionnaires online on the varsity's website to enable easy access and reach,\" he added.As per Vikas Singh, general secretary, Student Council, BHU, efforts are being made to reach out to students in different streams. The council is also planning to conduct personality development and other student-friendly programmes besides opening a communication channel for them.However, psychology experts say that besides keeping a close vigil on the high risk students, regular counselling is also important. The services of a psychiatrist should be taken and medical intervention becomes necessary in extreme cases, added Pandey on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11532050", "title": "US body looks to set up hotels in state", "text": "JAIPUR: The US-based Asian American Hotel Owners Association (AAHOA) with nearly 11,000 members owning more than 20,000 hotels, has evinced interest in playing a larger role in the development of hospitality sector in the state apart from setting up a host of hotels.Speaking to TOI, Purushottam Agarwal, commissioner of bureau of investment promotion, said that a group of 55 hoteliers led by AAHOA chairman Hemant D 'Henry' Patel, vice-chairman Alkesh R Patel and president Fred Schwartz met chief minister Ashok Gehlot as part of Pravasi Bharatiya Divas delegation and expressed interest to participate in the promotion of the state's hospitality industry at various levels.Agarwal said that the industry body is planning to set up 200 hotels in the country in near future and many of them could come up in the state.\"While the tourism potential of the state is there to tap, new hotels know how to generate a client base of their own. By using their strong global network, they create their own market,\" said Agarwal.Apart from new hotels, the hospitality body is looking to have tie-ups with institutes to enhance the professional efficiency of the state's hotel industry by providing training in best practices.For training, Agarwal said that AAHOA has shown interest to work with hotels that fall in the bracket of 1 to 3-star properties.The group has also suggested the state government to send a delegation to the annual event AAHOA is organizing in May. Agarwal said, according to AAHOA, this provides a potential platform to interact with investors and hotel chains from various parts of the world and attract investments in to the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531971", "title": "Power theft: Factory owner fined Rs 1.35cr", "text": "NEW DELHI: An east Delhi factory owner has been slapped a fine of Rs 1.35 crore by a power discom for allegedly stealing electricity.The owner of a copper wire factory, located in Shahdara, allegedly stole 135 KW of electricity from BSES. The power theft was detected after an enforcement team visited the spot posing as shoppers. The owner had deployed informers to warn him about the presence of any vigilance teams in the area.\"If the accused does not pay within the stipulated time-frame, a case will be registered against him in a special court,\" a BSES spokesperson said. The factory owner could not be contacted for his comment.\"The power theft was being carried out very cleverly. The illegal wire was placed alongside the BSES cables. The two electricity meters at the site were also found disconnected,\" the spokesperson said.In an another case, Mohammed Ahmed, a resident of New Seelampur, was sent to 14-day judicial custody by a special court for missing the deadline for paying a penalty of Rs 11.28 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11531512", "title": "\u2018High-tech\u2019 Chandrababu Naidu at it again", "text": "HYDERABAD: The tech savvy TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu is at it again. This time he launched an online campaign to enrol members in his party. The move is aimed at winning over students, youth and NRIs. Recently he also launched party official page on Facebook to interact with party sympathizers and members.\"Anybody can take TDP membership in just three minutes from anywhere. No other party in the country has this facility,\" said beaming Naidu after the launch on Tuesday at NTR Trust Bhavan, the headquarters of his party.Party sources said that there was demand from the party sympathisers abroad to have an online membership site so that they could take the membership from anywhere and contribute to the party fund. The computer savvy Naidu agreed readily. Hundreds of suggestions from netizens on the party's Facebook page, facebook.com/TDPofficial, that was launched recently, kick-started the idea of online membership in the party.The online membership process can be done through the TDP website by paying an enrolment fee of Rs.50.After filling the registration form and fee payment, the applicants will receive membership card in their email account, said the technical head of the party, T Srinivasa Rao. The party has decided to issue photo identity cards to all its members to make its membership fool-proof. At present, TDP has nearly 30 lakh ordinary and 28 lakh active members. The organisational data is computerised along with the addresses and mobile numbers of leaders. This has made it easy for Naidu to interact with party workers in villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11532671", "title": "Proposed amendments in Consumer Bill may fine-tune functioning", "text": "PUNE: Consumer activists and regular practitioners at several consumer fora in the city said the proposed amendments in Consumer Protection (Amendment) Bill, 2011 must empower the fora by providing sufficient manpower to enforce orders.Suryakant Pathak, president of Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat, Pune told TOI that the proposed amendment to consider the decision of the forum as a decree of a civil court is important.\" Offenders either ignore the forum's decision or challenge it at state or national commissions. This consumes time and out of frustration the consumer would give up,\" he added.Currently, the forum's decision is implemented by the district collector. The collectorate, already burdened with many responsibilities, is not able to act promptly on the forum's order; hence enforcement of the verdict is still a major hurdle, he said.\"Offenders also tend to ignore the verdicts of the forum or purposefully delay payment of compensation. The proposed fine of Rs 500 or 1/5th of the amount of compensation per day, whichever is higher, will certainly curb such practices,\" Pathak said.In Pune city alone, 849 fresh cases were submitted by December 2011 before the district consumer redressal forum and the additional district forum. Besides, the district forum which entertains cases from Pune urban limits has another 487 cases pending. Similarly 430 cases are pending before the additional district forum, which deals with rural parts of the Pune district. The majority of the cases filed before the forum are against builders and telecom companies for not serving the customers properly.Pathak said that many posts of consumer fora in Maharashtra were vacant and despite repeated requests, the government was not appointing people. Each forum comprises a president and two members, but 12 posts of presidents and 18 posts of members are still vacant in the state. The government should appoint qualified people quickly, Pathak said.\"A retired judge of a court is generally appointed on the consumer forum, but salaries are low and only working days are considered for the payment of the wages. If the government provides a fair payment scale, more people will accept the post and responsibility willingly. The current wages are around Rs 500 to Rs 600 per working day, which should be revised,\" he said.A large number of people who have given up their careers due to family priorities, are in their mid 40s and are free and willing to work. If consumer fora provide a job opportunity, it will get efficient, hard-working people, Pathak added.Rishikesh Ganu, a practicing lawyer, said, \"The online petition facility proposed in the amendments will save consumers energy. The challenge before the forum is lack of infrastructure and manpower. We must have infrastructure in view of the proposed amendments. If internet facility along with a full-time person to look after the online complaints is not provided, it will defeat the purpose of the amendment.\" People who are frequently travelling will benefit from this online facility, he added.He also said that hefty fines and treating the order of the forum on par with a civil court decree are important amendments as people will take the forum more seriously.Dnyanraj Sant, another lawyer, said, \"Increasing the age-limit is an important amendment. It will offer an opportunity for more people to join the consumer fora. The current shortage of manpower can be overcome. The provision to ask senior members of the forum to chip in at another forum that has a heavy case load will help retain people's confidence. The complainant gets frustrated, if there is a delay in the procedure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11531835", "title": "Boy catches new, deadly strain of TB from parent", "text": "MUMBAI: To understand the ability of tuberculosis to create havoc in people's lives, consider an aside from the recent path-breaking study conducted by Hinduja Hospital in Mahim. One of the 12 patients identified with the incurable, totally drug resistant tuberculosis (TDR-TB) strain had reportedly contracted it from his parent.This unknown family's story is the face of India's new TB chapter: the double whammy of expensive treatment and the sapping side-effects of drugs that have to be taken daily for 25 months on an average. Doctors are not forthcoming about the details of the case. \"Families mean close contact. The probability of transmission is always high,'' said a doctor who has met the patients.The importance of the case lies in the fact that drug-resistant TB-be it multi-drug resistant (MDR), extensively resistant (XDR) or the newfangled TDR-can be transmitted in their fiercest avatars. \"Eight out of 10 Indians harbour TB bacilli. It depends on what they were exposed to. But if the host has a healthy immune system, TB's worrisome strains will lie dormant,'' explained a senior doctor associated with TB care.Foreign newspapers have in the last one week reported how the TDR-TB strain has so far only affected lower socio-economic families. It is believed that patients with lower nutritional support and poorer immune system are at greater risk of contracting TB.Consider the unfortunate family with two cases of TDR-TB cases. \"We cannot say the boy was directly infected with the totally drug-resistant variant. He could have got a drug-resistant variant that transformed into something worse,'' said a senior BMC official. Hinduja Hospital officials maintain that close and constant contact resulted in transmission of TB.It is all a matter of mathematical probability. Said Dr P Keskar, who heads BMC's TB cell and is in charge of the contact tracing programme, \"We cannot rule out primary (read direct) transmission of drug resistant strains, but a lot depends on exposure levels.'' In other words, when a patient coughs, he/she throws out higher concentration of TB germs. \"When they breathe in and out, the concentration of germs is not so high,'' she said, adding that is the reason doctors advise patients to cough into handkerchiefs.What makes India a time-bomb as far as TB is concerned is the growing incidence of drug resistance. The few studies done so far by the BMC and the Foundation for Medical Research show that Mumbai should anticipate 3,000-4000 new cases of drug-resistant TB every year, said the foundation's Dr Nerges Mistry, who has conducted many research papers on TB in the last decade. Considering that each patient can infect up to 15 persons each year, the drug-resistant trial in India can grow really long and worrisome.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11536859", "title": "Cases of extreme rainfall have doubled in last 50 years: IITM", "text": "PUNE: The number of extreme events of rainfall (very heavy rainfall) has almost doubled in the country in the last 50 years. On the other hand, there has been a decrease in low and moderate rainfall over central India, according to scientists of the India Institute of Tropical Meteorology (IITM), Pune.The scientists made these observations after examining data pertaining to the last 50 years, collected from various sources.BN Goswami, director of IITM, Pune, said that the significant rising trends seen in the frequency and intensity of these extreme events can be attributed to global warming.Speaking at the Indo-German workshop on the challenges and opportunities in air pollution and climate change organised by the IITM here on Tuesday, he said that temperature over the Indian continent and Indian Ocean has risen over the last 100 years. This has led to an increase in moisture in the atmosphere, but not in rainfall.The Indian summer monsoon rainfall has not increased with the rise in temperature. The total amount of monsoon rainfall has not increased in the past 100 years either. \"The potential evaporation has decreased over the country and there has been a weakening of surface winds,\" he said.In case of the annual mean temperature over India (1875-2004), the trend in temperature has been similar to global temperature trends. The increase has been much faster during the past 50 years. According to the India Meteorological Department, 2009 was the warmest year in the last 100 years, he said.Goswami stressed that there was a need to improve the models currently in use so as to provide better forecast of rainfall. \"The confidence in global coupled models in simulating regional climate change, especially Indian monsoon rainfall, is poor due to the inability of global models to simulate the present-day mean regional climate accurately. Also, poor spatial resolution is another reason. Whereas, we have more confidence in the models used for forecasting temperature. It has been forecast that there will be a three-degree rise in temperature by the end of the century,'' he said.He added that the projections of monsoon under climate change scenarios by current climate models are not reliable. There is incorrect, incomplete or missing description of key processes and feedbacks in the climate change system, such as representation of clouds, complexity of sea-ice model and feedback from land-use change.\"We require tools for a reliable answer to climate change. Effective predictions would demand improvement of observations and prediction models and high computational power. There should be development of higher resolution regional climate change scenarios using regional climate models,\" he said.At present, the Centre for Climate Change Research at IITM, Pune, is working on reduction of uncertainties of projections, model development and capacity building by recruitment of young climate scientists, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "11533076", "title": "20-year-old girl found dead under mysterious circumstances", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: A 20-year-old girl, who went missing on Sunday afternoon, was found dead in a well at Karipatti in Virudhunagar district on Tuesday morning.Pothumponnu, daughter of Raman from Achampatti near Karipatti went on missing on Sunday afternoon. By 2pm, the girl informed her mother, Meenakshi that she was going to collect fodder in the nearby farms, which was her usual habit. However, she had not returned till evening.Worried over the girl not returning home, her mother informed the relatives who undertook an exhaustive search in the neighbourhood. Unfortunately, they were not able to trace the girl anywhere.Initially, the relatives suspected the girl of having been involved in a love affair and that she had eloped with her lover. But, one of her relatives who was going to his farm found the girl's body floating in a well and informed her home.They rushed to the well and identified the girl as Pothumponnu and lodged a complaint with the Kariapatti police, local sources said.According to police sources, Meenakshi filed a complaint that her daughter went missing on Sunday afternoon and was found dead on Tuesday morning.Police rushed to the spot and recovered the body from the well. The body was sent for a post-mortem to the government hospital. Based on the post-mortem report, the police will investigate further to find out if the girl accidentally fell in the well.They are also looking into other possible motives like an attempt to rape and murder in this case, the police said.A case has been registered and investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11531022", "title": "\u2018Road along mangroves cheaper option\u2019", "text": "A n 11-member expert technical committee on Tuesday submitted its final report on the coastal road plan to the chief minister. \"The coastal freeway system (to be) built in a cost-effective manner is in eminent public interest. It is not merely a road infrastructure project, but one that ameliorates health hazards posed by extreme traffic congestion and generates large public spaces,\" said the report, accessed by TOI.The coastal freeway will comprise a combination of coastal road based on reclamation, bridge, elevated roads and tunnels as well as roads on existing lands and stilts. At the starting point will be a reclaimed road between Manora MLA hostel up to NCPA. From NCPA, there will be a tunnel going up to Marine Drive. It will continue further as a tunnel under Malabar Hill and exit beyond Priyadarshini Park at Nepean Sea Road.From here till Haji Ali, it will continue on a reclaimed road. A connecting bridge between NSCI at Worli and Baroda Palace will be again on a reclaimed road connecting up to the Bandra-Worli Sealink. Another reclaimed road will start from the north end of the sealink, skirt the Bandra Fort and stretch along Bandra Bandstand, Chimbai village and Carter Road.An elevated road skirting the Khar-Danda village will go underground at Juhu airport. The tunnel would exit at Ritambhara College in Juhu and run as a reclaimed road up to Nana Nani Park. From there, an elevated road takes it to the New Fisheries Institute at Versova, branching into two directions-one arm of it will be a reclaimed road right up to Mindspace in Malad. The other arm extends up to Versova village jetty. From the junction of the road leading to Goregaon Sports Club, the freeway will be on elevated over the creek at Malad Marve Road and join Link Road.The committee recommended two options for the project. The first involves a reclaimed road in mangrove areas with bridges and culverts to allow free movement of water. \"It's a less expensive option and easy to implement with reduced time for construction. Although this option entails short-term environmental issues arising out of compensatory mangrove plantations, no long-term damage to the environment is expected.\"The second option envisages about 8 km of stilted or elevated roads. However, this would enhance the cost by about Rs 1,000 crore and will be more difficult to maintain. The cost will reduce by Rs 1,000 crore if the tunnel proposed between NCPA and Marine Drive is omitted. \"The committee considers reclamation as a highly cost-effective option and one that also entails other benefits through creation of large open spaces to citizens,\" said the report.It suggested a non-stop electronic toll collection for every entry into the freeway. \"The committee also stresses the importance of maintenance and asset management and recommends that these aspects along with construction be entrusted to a professional agency on the lines of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation,'' it said.\"Completion of this project would mean a quantum leap towards enhancing the quality of life in the city. The added advantage is that it involves no land acquisition and virtually no resettlement component.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11536393", "title": "Syndicate or selection panel, who decides?", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala University administration is mired in controversies and is being constantly dragged into courts.After the posting of university assistants took an ugly course with the Lok Ayukta's observation about the appointments, it is the turn of the post of controller of exams to enter into a legal tangle.After the university syndicate vetoed the appointment of the candidate nominated by the selection committee headed by the vice-chancellor, the high court stayed the proceedings as the candidate approached the court.This new development will force the university wait further for the new controller of exams at a time when exams are round the corner. The post has remained vacant since March 2011.\"There are multiple opinions in this matter. The candidate selected by the committee will have an edge if he can convince the court that he had been selected by a committee that has representation from the syndicate. At the same time, syndicate can argue that it is the sole deciding authority even if a candidate has been selected by the committee,\" sources in the university said.Syndicate members argue that the selection committee only has the power to nominate and that the final decision rests with the syndicate, which has to ratify an appointment.The three-member selection committee comprising vice-chancellor A Jayakrishnan and two other syndicate members had nominated K Madhu Kumar as the controller of exams. The syndicate struck down the nomination by 10 votes to eight.Syndicate members irrespective of political affiliations, had joined hands to veto the appointment alleging that the candidate did not have the required qualification.Interestingly, those who voted against the selection committee's nominee also included UDF members who, according to sources, had acted upon the directive from the education minister's office, which was looking for a Muslim candidate.And with the court staying further proceedings, the university's plan to re-notify the post will also have to be shelved for the time being.It will now have to wait till the high court clears Madhu Kumar's petition, which may take months. Till then, College Development Council director M Jayaprakash will continue to hold the additional charge of the controller of examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11532402", "title": "TCP told to put RP hearings on hold", "text": "PANAJI: The state election commission has asked the town and country planning (TCP) department to keep on hold personal hearings for panchayats with regards to the objections and suggestions to the Regional Plan 2021 due to the model code of conduct in force ahead of the assembly election.\"As per the directions of the election commission, we have decided to cancel the hearings,\" chief town planner S T Puttaraju told TOI.TCP has received 3,200 objections and suggestions after the government assured people of rectifying the mistakes in RP 2021. So far, the TCP has held hearings of 14 panchayats, out of the 86 which had forwarded their objections and suggestions.Most panchayats have demanded that the width of roads be reduced from 25 to 15m and from 15 to 10m.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531325", "title": "Monorail comes calling at east Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The monorail is all set to come to the crowded east Delhi. In an attempt to decongest the city and get more people to use public transport, the Delhi government has given an in-principle approval to a 10.8km elevated monorail link between Shastri Park Metro station and Trilokpuri via Laxmi Nagar in east Delhi.This is the first such link in the capital, which is expected to be functional by 2017. In the years to come, the monorail will also roll out in Mumbai, Chennai, Bangalore and Jalandhar in Punjab. The monorail is most successful in Japan. Malaysia and the United States of America , too, use monorail extensively in crowded areas.After giving the in-principle approval, chief minister Sheila Dikshit has now asked the Delhi State Infrastructure and Industrial Development Corporation to prepare a proposal to be tabled in the cabinet for a formal approval. To be developed at a cost of approximately Rs 1,655 crore, the route will have 12 stations and passengers will be able to interchange for three Metro lines.Delhiites will be able to interchange at Shatri Park Metro station for the Dilshad Garden- Rithala line; at Nirman Vihar Metro station for the Anand Vihar-Dwarka line, and at Trilokpuri Metro station for the under-construction Mukundpur-Yamuna Vihar line.It is estimated that in 2017, the link will cater to a daily ridership of about 1.5 lakh. The fare structure has been proposed keeping in mind the cost of Metro tickets. For now, the fare is likely to be Rs 2.50 per kilometre. A state-of-the-art, automatic fare collection system will be introduced with ticket vending and smart token systems.Citing the monorail as a viable solution to decongest crowded areas, a statement from the chief minister's office on Monday stated that the monorail has also been recommended as a mass transit in MPD 2021.The CM's statement goes on to add that the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation has favoured introduction of the monorail in such congested areas where Delhi Metro services are not feasible. It has also been pointed out that laying of the monorail lines is cheaper as compared to Metro lines.The proposed monorail will be a straddle-type, elevated line that will be able to negotiate sharp curves and high gradient above the narrow roads. Light structures and columns can be placed in the limited median of roads. The rail can be located in crowded streets as it generates very little sound and is environment friendly.An alignment of the proposed monorail route was also discussed in the meeting chaired by the CM on Tuesday. The route will start from Shastri Park Metro station passing through Yamuna Pushta Road, Rajaram Kohli Marg, Geeta Colony, Patparganj Road, Nirman Vihar Metro station on Vikas Marg, Ganesh Nagar, New Patparganj Road, Sanjay Lake to terminate parallel to connect proposed Trilokpuri Metro station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11535039", "title": "HC raps govt on JNNURM", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand high court on Tuesday asked the state government to submit details of funds received from the Centre under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) and amount spent so far.A division bench of Chief Justice Prakash Tatia and Justice P P Bhatt asked the government to submit the details before February 13. The court was hearing a PIL filed by Arvinder Singh Deol and Sanjeev Kumar Mishra. \"The court expressed displeasure over poor spending and non-implementation of different projects of public interest under JNNURM,\" said Mishra adding that in most places, including Ranchi, Jamshedpur and Dhanbad, the state government had not been able to spend even 20% of the funds allocated for various projects.He said the state government had also been asked to submit status report on water supply schemes, solid waste management and sewerage systems in these places before the next hearing. The court was unhappy about the government's failure to provide basic services to urban poor in the cities, including state capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11532935", "title": "Wikipedia blackout in anti-piracy bill protest", "text": "NEW DELHI: Wikipedia cofounder Jimmy Wales on Monday asked school students to finish their homework early as he detailed the plan to shut down the website on Wednesday to protest against anti-piracy bill that the US senate is debating.\"Student warning! Do your homework early. Wikipedia protesting bad law on Wednesday,\" Wales said on his Twitter page. \"I am just starting to do press interviews about the upcoming blackout of Wikipedia... I hope Wikipedia will melt phone systems in Washington on Wednesday. Tell everyone you know,\" he wrote. Wales said that visitors to the Wikipedia's English website will see a message telling them that the website has been shut for 24 hours to protest the anti-piracy laws called Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA ) and Protect IP Act (PIPA).According to Wales the blackout will start at 12 midnight , Washington time, on Jan 18 and will last 24 hours.For last few months there has been a fierce debate over SOPA in the US. While organizations like Motion Picture Association of America believe that laws like SOPA, which has several drastic provisions , including blocking websites at DNS level, are needed to fight piracy, web companies like Google and Facebook say that SOPA will stifle innovation and hit freedom of speech. Wikipedia will join tens of other websites that will go dark on Wednesday . These include Reddit, BoingBoing, a popular blog, Craiglist, Mozilla, Minecraft. Earlier, there were reports that Facebook and Google might also join the blackout. Twitter CEO Dick Costolo , later , said blackout was not the right move for Wikipedia.On Saturday, White House had joined the debate saying that certain provisions of SOPA could harm web. Reports claim that after White House made its stance clear, SOPA has put on hold by the Senate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11532884", "title": "Accused was roaming near a roundabout in Ambala: Cops", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a dramatic development, the accused in double murder of siblings, Rahul Sahu, was arrested from near Saha roundabout in Ambala district on Tuesday. Police officials claimed accused Rahul was spotted while roaming near the roundabout and a team led by crime branch sleuths apprehended him. Accused would be produced in the district courts, Sector 17, to obtain custody.However, sources in police, \"After fleeing to Mumbai, Rahul had contacted his maternal aunt demanding around Rs 25,000 for fleeing from the country. The call was intercepted by Chandigarh police.\" Sources maintained Rahul has reportedly confessed his crime of killing Kavita, 17, and Gaurang, 15, to his aunt.Police have also identified the shopkeeper from whom accused had purchased the knife. Sources said there are strong indications that some of the family members of accused Rahul in Raipur Rani (Panchkula) were aware about his crime and had given him Rs 4,000.DSP (crime) Satbir Singh said, ill will towards Kavita and the humiliation faced from her end, was the prime reason behind the double murder. After committing the crime, accused had tried to mislead police by giving the crime scene impression of a robbery.Sources said Gaurang was attacked first in the room situated upstairs. He was alive when accused Rahul was killing his sister. When Rahul returned he found him breathing following which he stabbed Gaurang six times on his chest. Sources maintained accused Rahul was under the influence of drugs when he reached at the house of siblings in Sector 41.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11531572", "title": "Live webcast to boost poll security", "text": "NOIDA: The Election Commission has decided to spruce up monitoring of over 10,500 sensitive polling booths in UP by ensuring that live videos are telecast from there. Not only will the EC directly monitor the webcasting, but the videos will also be available to the general public on the UP chief electoral officer's website to ensure transparency in the poll process.Additional election officer Mrityunjay Kumar Narayan has asked the Gautam Budh Nagar District Election Officer to make the necessary arrangements for live webcasting in the polling booths of Noida, Dadri and Jewar after identifying vulnerable booths. \"The officials will have to identify and shortlist the booths and submit a list by Wednesday,\" the official said.The EC will use the technique in about 70 booths in Noida, Dadri and Jewar. \"Though the EC is trying to bring almost every polling booth in the state for the webcasting process, the actual numbers will be scaled down due to internet connectivity and logistics,\" said a district official. In Gautam Budh Nagar, there are 988 polling booths of which 247 have been identified as critical. \"The list for live webcasting includes only 70 booths, but if required the district returning officer has the authority to add more,\" said the official.\"An efficient system that can perform at a very low bandwidth and stream video from multiple sources will be used for the live webcasting,\" a senior district official said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11532033", "title": "Dara\u2019s wife wants probe to end soon", "text": "JAIPUR: The CBI's failure to complete the probe against former minister and prominent BJP leader Rajendra Singh Rathore in the Dara Singh encounter case has raised questions over the agency's intentions.Dara's family members have raised doubts over the credibility of federal agency's top brass saying when they are showering praises on their officers for extraordinary competency in solving nurse Bhanwari Devi case, they are yet to complete probe into the encounter case, that too when it had already been cracked seven months ago.Dara's wife Sushila Devi claims to have written to the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and the Central Vigilance Commissioner in New Delhi demanding action against CBI officers including its director.\"Bhanwari case had so many mysteries. Despite that the CBI cracked it. What happens to the simple and clear-cut case of my husband's murder at the behest of Rathore? Why investigation against him is kept pending,\" asked Sushila Devi.She added that CBI had completed its probe against two IPS and other police officers involved in the crime but kept the investigation pending against Rathore in its charge-sheet almost seven months ago.CBI had filed the chargesheet in a court in Jaipur on Jun 3.\"Does it take over 225 days to complete probe against an accused, that too when chargesheet against all other accused has already been filed? People are telling me that there might be political motive behind keeping the investigation pending,\" Dara's brother Sheeshram alleged.He added that as per the chargesheet, there is enough evidence against Rathore in the case. \"We have written to the prime minister and other competent authorities to take action against the top CBI officers,\" said Sheeshram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11532850", "title": "4444 goes for Rs 7.75 lakh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Unlike the past trend when craze for vanity numbers was limited to numbers 1 to 10, the highest bid went for number 4444 at the auction held by Registration and Licensing Authority (RLA) on Tuesday for the new series CH-01-AL. It fetched Rs 7.75 lakh. The number was purchased by Jaibir, who owns a showroom in Manimajra. He, however, did not want to talk about his craze for this particular number.The other high prices quoted were for 0001 (Rs 5.80 lakh), 007 (Rs 3.25 lakh) and 0009 (Rs 3.20 lakh) at the auction, said an official. The total collection from 121 numbers was Rs 60 lakh. For the first time, record total of 100 plus VIP numbers were auctioned following the unprecedented response of applicants for upcoming auction of new vehicle registration number series of the city CH-01-AL. A total 619 applications of VIP registration numbers had come to the authority, out of which 498 registration numbers have allotted to applicants without auctions, as only single application had come for these 498 numbers of new series.Few months back, Sector 33-C resident Narinder Singh Shergill had purchased the 0001 vehicle registration number of CH-01-AC series by paying Rs 10 lakh against the reserve price of Rs 25,000 of the number.Whether it is lust of fancy number, numerology, superstition, luck or status symbol, the craze of VIP and choice numbers have been increasing among the residents of the city in last few years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11532895", "title": "UT to clear stand on security tents by Feb 15", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh administration on Tuesday informed the Punjab and Haryana High Court that it would clear its stand by February 15 on the issue regarding illegal structures being raised by the security personnel of the VVIPs in front of their houses in various sectors of the city.The assertions were made by the administration before a division bench of the high court headed by Justice M M Kumar. UT senior standing counsel Sanjay Kaushal informed the bench that the administration would clarify their policy on the matter by February 15. The issue had come up before the high court through a suo motu cognizance taken by the high court itself in 2009.Following HC intervention, the Chandigarh municipal corporation had informed the court that during a survey it was found that as many as 86 tents were pitched illegally in parks/MC land by the security personnel of the VVIPs following which a drive to remove them was carried in which 31 tents were removed.In a recent communication to the high court, the administration had stated that all tents pitched illegally would be removed.Justice Ranjit Singh of the high court on July 6, 2009, had taken suo motu cognizance and issued notice to the Chandigarh administration asking them to conduct a survey to check illegal encroachment on government land/parks outside VVIP's houses by the security staff.The court had also observed that while the administration had been very prompt in checking illegal constructions, silence in checking these irregularities committed by highly placed officials will certainly give an impression that these officials were above law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "11532277", "title": "Petrol prices to be slashed, dole to be upped if BJP wins: Parrikar", "text": "BICHOLIM: Opposition leader Manohar Parrikar made tall promises at the BJP's Jan Sampark Yatra at Sanquelim on Tuesday.He told reporters that if the party comes to power it will double the monthly dole of 1,000 under the Dayanand Social Security Scheme to help beneficiaries tide inflation.He said women from economically-weaker sections would get a separate 1,000 a month in their bank accounts for day-to-day sustenance.Petrol prices would be slashed by 11.25 per litre, while gas cylinder rates would also be reduced considerably, said Parrikar.Pointing out that 92% of Goa's population own vehicles as the same are a necessity, the Panaji MLA said fuel costs, however, play spoilsport. He explained that petrol prices would be reduced by the BJP government bearing the VAT.The BJP government will undertake novel schemes to generate funds into the state government treasury too, said the former chief minister.He added that if the BJP comes to power, a Lokayukta will be appointed within 100 days to assure transparency in cases being investigated.\"Commuters using the Kadamba Transport Corporation's services, in future, will enjoy a pass system, which will also be implemented for private buses,\" Parrikar continued.He told the media that the party's initial campaigning itself saw about 50% of the people spontaneously extend their full support to the BJP \"as people want change\". Parrikar is sure the BJP will come to power.Asked about BJP's alliance with MGP, he said talks are in progress and the issue will be sorted out soon. He said a decision on candidates will be taken step-by-step by February 2.Parrikar expressed apprehension over the Shah Commission investigating illegal mining not submitting their report till date. He claimed that once the report is submitted, chief minister Digambar Kamat and some ministers at the Centre will be in a tight corner which is why the Centre has held back this report. \"But we will not keep quite (on illegal mining) once BJP comes to power,\"said Parrikar.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11532254", "title": "Congress slams GSRTC fare hike", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee has criticized the recently announced hike in fares of Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation (GSRTC) buses on Monday.Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee spokesperson Manish Doshi said that the decision to increase fares was ostensibly owing to the increase in toll taxes.Doshi said that so far a charge of Rs 1 was charged per ticket, but now the GSRTC proposed to charge Rs 1 for every toll tax of Rs 50 paid.He also said that if GSRTC pays Rs 50 as toll tax, the charge per ticket would be Rs 1, while for toll tax of Rs 100 the increase in tariff was Rs 2.Doshi said that the increase was an additional burden on the people who would be giving money to make-up for the losses GSRTC has been suffering because of sending free buses for various government functions which have been organized for the publicity of chief minister Narendra Modi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11531053", "title": "Doctors debate HIV testing, pitfalls", "text": "NAGPUR: A lab technician was recently found conducting HIV diagnosis tests and a patient committed suicide after being informed that he had tested positive. Shockingly, a repeat test had shown that the patient was not HIV positive, but the technician did not reveal this result.With no framework of law governing the testing of HIV-AIDS in the country, it has become the personal responsibility of doctors to keep a check on ethical and legal issues while performing such tests.To avoid more such tragedies in the future, members of the city branch of Indian Medical Association (IMA) met to discuss important issues related to HIV tests on Tuesday. Topics like guidelines of governing bodies regarding these tests and the difficulties faced by private practitioners when they suspect HIV positive status of a patients were discussed.Programme officer of District AIDS Prevention and Control Unit (DAPCU) Ganesh Parihar introduced the concept of public-private partnership in terms of counselling and testing. \"As testing is voluntary and not mandatory in India, it is of utmost importance for the person undergoing the test to give his consent for it. This consent should be based on proper information,\" he insisted.Parihar also said that doctors who are willing to set up an Integrated Counselling and Testing Centre (ICTC) within their premises can avail free testing kits and training for their staff.Renowned HIV consultant Dr Milind Bhurshundi believed that provider-initiated testing and counselling would give way to more efficient and speedy clinical decisions. \"In some cases, one consent form is used for taking consent on more than one issue. Such hidden consents can't be used for HIV testing. Lack of time, not having a trained counsellor and less infrastructure can hamper doctors despite their willingness to have a counselling and testing centre,\" he said.\"After consulting all stakeholders over a period of two years, a proposed HIV bill is being prepared,\" he informed. Since these guidelines may soon turn into statutory law, he asked the doctors to be prepared for it.\"When a doctor suspects a patient is suffering from HIV, they just don't know how to handle the situation. What most of us do not realize is the fact that counselling is required even before getting someone tested. Along with passing useful information, it can also help in bringing about behavioural changes in the suspect,\" opined surgeon Dr Ajay Kate.He said the most important factors for conducting such tests are confidentiality, a written consent and empowerment by means of providing information. \"Especially in the case of women, they should be provided the right knowledge on the basis of which they can make an informed decision about their lives,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "11534927", "title": "Union water resources minister visits erosion-hit Rohmoria", "text": "DIBRUGARH: Union minister of water resources P K Bansal visited the erosion-ravaged Rohmoria in Dibrugarh district to assess the progress of the ongoing Rs 52.36 crore erosion-control project on Monday. He, along with Union DoNER minister Paban Singh Ghatowar and state water resources minister Prithibi Majhi, had a look at the geo-fabric work being executed under the 'Emergent measures for protection of Rohmoria' project.Under the project, the 2.6 km vulnerable stretch of the banks of the river Brahmaputra will be fortified using the latest geo-fabric technology and the rest 6.5 km of the river bank will be covered by using RCC porcupine screens.\"We need to come up with long-term solutions to tackle the recurring flood and erosion problem of Assam. We'll come up with long-term measures only after consulting experts on the matter. Earlier, it took time to process such projects but I assure that we'll expedite the process of sanctioning such projects in the future,\" Bansal said. He also expressed hope that the current project will be successful in stemming the erosion in Rohmoria.The additional chief engineer of the water resources department of upper Assam zone, Uma Baruah informed that the project will be completed within the stipulated deadline of March 31, 2012.\"So far, we've achieved an overall progress of 84 per cent in the whole project. The progress of the geo-fabric work stands at 20 per cent. There have been some delays in the execution of the geo-fabric works due to the shortage of skilled workers. Around 300 workers are currently engaged in the work but we're going to increase their numbers to finish the work on time,\" Baruah said. Nearly 8.6 lakh geo-fabric bags will be used to fortify the river bank.Baruah was confident that the geo-fabric technology will be successful in preventing erosion in Rohmoria. He stated that the technology was being used in several erosion-prone countries. The technology, though costly, is seen as a long-term solution to stem erosion.For years, the people of Rohmoria have been facing the brunt of erosion. Since 1997, erosion has wiped out 38 revenue villages, eight schools, one police station, six tea estates, one PWD road and one sericulture farm in the region. Nearly 2,000 families were displaced and over 23, 000 bighas of land lost in the erosion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11536777", "title": "'Improve train connectivity to North'", "text": "PUNE: A railway commuters group, the Navmaharashtra Vikas Manch, has submitted a list of various demands for improving rail connectivity to important destinations in the north. The manch has demanded that new trains to Haridwar (via New Delhi) should be started from Pune. Similarly, there is a need for starting new trains to Dwarka (via Okha), and a Duronto between Pune and Gorakhpur (via Jhansi, Kanpur and Lucknow), the manch has said.Manch president Bindu Tiwari on Thursday submitted a memorandum to the railway authorities in Pune. The manch has suggested that frequency of trains to Gorakhpur, Darbhanga, Lucknow, Bilaspur and Manduadih should be increased. Similarly, the manch has also said that the timings of the Pune-Patna and Pune-Jammutavi trains should be revised so that passengers are able to get connecting trains to Kanpur, Gorakhpur, Hazipur, Mau and other stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11533220", "title": "23% of class 4 kids can\u2019t read", "text": "BANGALORE: Children go to school, but how much they learn is the new worry. According to the 2011 Annual Status of Education Report ( ASER), even in Class 4, 23.5% of students cannot read.On the brighter side, Karnataka is among the few states that have recorded the highest attendance rates in the entire country. Also, the provision of basic facilities like drinking water, toilets, playgrounds and boundary walls has improved. Midday meals are consumed by almost 98% of the students.The report, released on Monday by Pratham, an NGO, brings forth the education scenario in rural India in the 6-14 age group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521511", "title": "Politics is totally over for me: Sanjay Dutt", "text": "The actor still regrets joining politics and the Samajwadi party, but considers the experience a real eye-openerHe may have resigned from Samajwadi party in 2010, but Sanjay Dutt is still sore about the experience.In fact, as he juggles multiple roles of new father, husband, reel-life super villain, and now an entrepreneur - he just launched a sporting league with Raj Kundra- politics seems to be the last thing on his mind.In a candid chat with Mumbai Mirror, the actor confessed, \"Politics is totally over for me. I have realised that politics meri jagah nahi hai. I cannot lecture or spin lies.\"Branding his flirtation with Samajwadi party as an error, Dutt, who is preparing to move away from the family home soon, expressed his regret for not having stayed loyal to the party of his father's choice.\"My entire family has been with the Congress right from the time of Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru. Congress is in our blood and as a loyalist, I am always there for Congress. Samajwadi was a mistake and I regret it,\" he says emphatically.But, Dutt is also quick to add that his decision to join Samajwadi party was not influenced by Amar Singh. \"In fact, he discouraged me. You see, he is not just a politician, but also a brother. But then things happened and those three months in politics were a big lesson for me.\"Striking a more philosophical note Dutt said, \"I think the best thing about my short-lived political career was that I saw the interiors of Bihar and UP. That is the real India and being an Indian, it was really sad to see our own people living in such dismal conditions. It was a real eye-opener.\"But politics is not the only thing Dutt has quit in recent years. At the time of the interview, he claimed he had been off alcohol for more than 15 days. New Year resolution? Dutt laughs and says, there are other things that keep him happily occupied- fatherhood, his kickboxing league with Shilpa Shetty's husband, his friends and his newly-formed production house.When asked about his buying the rights of South film Badri for Ajay Devgn, Dutt said about the one-crore deal, \"Yes, it is true. We have given a token amount of Rs 40 lakh and the rest of the details are being worked out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11536125", "title": "Medical PG exam fraudster took money from fellow students", "text": "INDORE: Mohit Chaudhry, a student of Mahatma Gandhi Medical College ( MGMC), who was arrested in connection with all-India post graduate medical entrance exam fraud, has allegedly revealed that he took money from aspirants besides helping his fellow colleagues to pass the examinations.According to an investigator, Chaudhry charged between Rs 2,000 and Rs 10,000 per student by promising him to get him passing marks in term examination. \"Chaudhry took money from students. But many students who paid him money passed on their own efforts, but he took the credit always\", said a source.He added that Chaudhry was fair in his dealings as he would return the money collected from the student in case he or she fails to pass the examination. \"He did this just to enjoy the confidence of gullible students,\" added another source. The accused Chaudhry has bank deposits to the tune of Rs 2 lakh.Meanwhile, police are raiding a couple of places in Madhya Pradesh to recover the money Chaudhry has charged from the candidates for getting them pass the medical entrance exam. \"We have important leads on the whereabouts of these doctors. We will nab them,'' said a senior officer.Crime branch sources had earlier said that 11 doctors are under the scanner.A student charged between Rs 2,000 and Rs 10,000 per student, promising him to get him atleast passing marks in the term examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531952", "title": "Teen death: Tutor\u2019s life term upheld", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lamenting the commercialization of education in the form of mushrooming coaching centres, Delhi High Court has said parents increasingly depend on such centres for educating their kids, in the absence of viable alternatives.The court's observations came while awarding a life term to a tutor who pushed his female student to death from the top of his coaching centre over an alleged affair gone sour. Medical reports showed that the girl had had physical relations with the tutor.\"It's the dream of every parent to provide the best education to his child. When parents are not educated enough to guide wards, they depend on coaching centres. Often, these centres have poor infrastructure and charge considerable fees. Parents turn to these in the absence of alternatives, as they are in the neighbourhood, and save time, expense and commuting costs,\" a division bench comprising Justice S Ravindra Bhat and Justice Pratibha Rani observed as they noted the circumstances in which the mother of the dead student had sent her for coaching classes.The mother was staying in Delhi for her child's studies eventhough her husband was working in Abu Dhabi. The bench upheld the life sentence given to Ravi Ghai, saying there was no error in the trial court ruling that convicted him for pushing a 15-year-old girl student, with whom he allegedly had an affair in 2001, to her death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11523617", "title": "Friday fun at Smoke House Grill", "text": "The guests at Smoke House Grill celebrated Friday, the 13th with some good food, funky music by DJ Amit, and danced the supposedly unlucky night away.And if the fun they had that evening was anything to go by, it certainly didn't bring any bad luck to them!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11532452", "title": "Transparency commission is now more transparent", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is a small step that can go a long way in ensuring transparency in the transparency commission. From January 9, the list of pending cases is displayed on the Central Information Commission's (CIC) website (www.cic.gov.in) and it will be updated every month.Those seeking information under the Right to Information (RTI) Act will no longer have to wonder what happened to their applications and appeals. The man behind the move, Shailesh Gandhi, one of the five central information commissioners, said this will \"reassure citizens that there is fairness in taking up their cases and also help the CIC correct its mistakes.\"Welcoming the move, RTI activist C J Karira said it would help people track their appeals and complaints and also ensure that no one would be able to jump the queue. He hoped the other four commissioners, too, would soon start listing the cases pending before them. Gandhi says he stumbled upon this lacuna when he received an RTI application in June last year asking for the decision in a case registered in May, 2010.A search revealed that the case had not been listed for hearing inadvertently. Delving further, Gandhi realized that another 110 cases filed in 2010 had been forgotten and missed completely.\"We listed these for hearing and in one of them, there was a heart rending story,\" said Gandhi, the only RTI activist to be appointed a central information commissioner. The case was regarding the illiterate widow of a central government employee who had been struggling since his death in 1993 to get the pension she was entitled to.\"She probably could not pursue the matter properly and each time the system required further evidence to establish her claim. By the time she managed to submit the required papers, it took years and office inefficiencies meant she would have to wait for some more years for the pension,\" said Gandhi.The widow appeared before Gandhi and will get her pension and all the dues soon. It will always haunt me for my life that after her 17-year struggle, I was instrumental in delaying succour to her by a full year,'' said the central information commissioner, who prides himself on deciding cases before him in less than three months.Gandhi says he now realizes that in most cases, citizens who approach quasi-judicial bodies have no way of knowing whether their cases are in queue, and whether any logic is being applied in taking up the matters waiting in this queue. It is necessary that there is transparency in this matter and that citizens can see the queue and also feel assured that it is being dealt with in a transparent non-arbitrary manner,'' he said, urging other organizations to emulate the central information commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jaipur/new delhi", "code": "11531909", "title": "Govt wants to play safe ahead of UP polls", "text": "JAIPUR/NEW DELHI: This is the first instance when the state government has placed on record its worries about the resistance of Muslims to Rushdie's plans to attend the literature fest.TOI had on Tuesday reported that Rajasthan government was nudging organizers of the literary event to persuade Rushdie not to turn up. Gehlot confirmed that his officials were talking to the organizers to find a way out.Besides the threat of unrest, the anxiety not to offend Muslim sentiment ahead of UP polls was another driver for the government. Central intelligence agencies are learnt to have determined that the \"threat\" of violence was not big enough to force Rushdie to stay away, a determination which confirms the role of political considerations.Working through the organizers helps government because it, ordinarily speaking, cannot stop Rushdie. The author, who inflamed Muslim sentiments with his 'Satanic Verses' and spent years in hiding to dodge a death fatwa, is a Person of Indian Origin: a category which doesn't need visas to visit India. The buffer of organizers can also protect the government against the impression of capitulation to pressure from hardliners.The organizers denied that the visit of Rushdie, who would have been among the biggest draws, has been cancelled. However, there were clear indications of a re-think. Sanjoy Roy, producer of the festival, admitted that the author will skip the inaugural day on January 20. Saying that the invitation to Rushdie had not been withdrawn, Roy was silent about the date when the author would turn up. \"Salman Rushdie is not in India on January 20 due to change in his schedule. The festival stands by its invitation to Rushdie,\" Roy said cryptically. The two sessions that Rushdie was originally supposed to address have been taken off the official website of the festival.Significantly, Jaipur administration has no information about Rushdie's trip: something that would have been unlikely if he indeed had a firm plan to turn up on a later date. Gehlot also said that the state government knew nothing about his travel plans.No booking has been done yet in the name of the author, leading to speculation that the organizers may persuade him to address the gathering through video link. Festival insiders told TOI that a few other authors, too, expressed concerns about Rushdie's proposed visit, as it could mar the festival's ambience.It is learnt that the owners of Diggy Palace - venue of the festival - are a worried lot as well. The administration told organizers that heavy security would put off many foreign visitors.People's Union for Civil Liberties organized a protest rally against the government's stand on Rushdie. Kavita Srivastava, general secretary, PUCL, Rajasthan, said: \"The protest has raised serious issues about the government which at the drop of a hat is willing to sacrifice our constitutional rights of Article 19 relating to freedom of speech and expression.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "berlin", "code": "11534635", "title": "Apple files another suit against Samsung", "text": "BERLIN: Apple Inc filed another suit in Germany, seeking to ban sales of Samsung Electronics Co's smartphones, including the Galaxy S Plus and the S II, extending the global legal dispute between the two companies.The action targeting 10 smartphone models was filed in the Dusseldorf Regional Court and is based on Apple's design rights, court spokesman Peter Schuetz said by phone yesterday. Apple also started a separate suit against five Samsung tablet computers related to a September ruling banning the Galaxy 10.1, he said.The latest cases add to the legal conflict Samsung and Apple have been embroiled in over mobile technologies and designs since the iPhone maker last year accused its South Korean rival of copying products. Samsung, also a chip supplier for Apple, edged out the US company as the top smartphone seller in the third quarter, helped by its Galaxy products.Nam Ki Yung, a spokesman for Samsung in Seoul, confirmed the suits were filed and said the company has no immediate comment to make on them.Samsung shares fell as much as 1.4 per cent and were 1.2 per cent lower at 1,024,000 won as of 12:25 pm in Seoul trading. The benchmark Kospi index was down 0.2 percent.Galaxy Tab The Dusseldorf court in September upheld a temporary sales ban on the Galaxy Tab 10.1. Samsung subsequently changed the frame and location of speakers for the product to sell it under a new name, Galaxy Tab 10.1N.Last month, the court said it is unlikely to grant an injunction against the Tab 10.1N and an appeals court also voiced doubts about the reach of Apple's European Union design right that won the company the injunction against the Galaxy 10.1. The new suits aren't filed under emergency proceedings and allow Apple a new procedure against both models.After making headlines by initially winning the September injunction, the Cupertino , California-based Apple has faced setbacks in its battle against Samsung. In addition to the German litigation, the maker of iPad tablets failed to convince an Australian court on December 9 to reinstate a ban in that country. Both companies also filed patent suits against each other in several European countries.Samsung has failed to win a sales ban on the iPhone 4S in Italy and France.The new German cases are LG Dusseldorf, 14c O 293/11 and 14c O 294/11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11532080", "title": "Couple held for killing wife\u2019s brother", "text": "JAIPUR: The Kardhani police have arrested Shanti Devi who killed her brother with her husband's help. The husband, Lallan Singh, has also been arrested. Police said Shanti Devi and her husband were in an inebriated state when they beat Karan Yadav to death on Sunday.The woman, suspecting her brother of stealing Rs 10,000 from her house, beat her 25-year-old brother to death with her husband's help in the Kardhani police station area.\"We arrested the couple from Jhotwara police station area on Monday night. They were produced in a court on Tuesday. Shanti Devi has been sent to judicial custody while we got police remand of her husband for two days,\" said Shankar Lal, SHO of Kardhani police station. He added that the couple had consumed alcohol on Sunday evening before they killed Karan.The incident took place at the Laxmi Nagar locality where the accused, Shanti Yadav, and her husband called Karan Yadav to their house. On Monday, the man's body was found at one of the marriage lawns on Niwaru Road. Later, some passers-by informed the police. A team of senior police officers and dog squad arrived at the spot and scanned the crime scene. \"He was beaten with sticks and there were grave injury marks on his body,\" an officer said.Asked about the reason behind the murder, the police said that the three were arguing over missing of Rs 10,000 from Shanti's house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11531288", "title": "Congress fields city-based doctor for Noida seat", "text": "NOIDA: Ending speculation over the choice of its candidate for the crucial Noida assembly seat, the Congress on Tuesday fielded Dr VS Chauhan, an orthopaedic surgeon and owner of Prakash Hospital, as its candidate. Dr Chauhan's name figured among the list of 29 candidates for UP polls released by the AICC in the evening giving him precedence over many other party old-timers. With this development, all four major parties in the state - the Samajwadi Party , BSP and BJP -have declared their respective candidates for the much-coveted seat of Noida.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "karur", "code": "11533093", "title": "Cocks battle it out for owners' pride", "text": "KARUR: After crossing through some legal hurdles seeking a ban on cock fights, a traditional sport held during Pongal, the four-day event concluded peacefully at Poolamvalasal in Aravakurichi in Karur district, albeit with guidelines laid out by the administration.While 'jallikattu' (bull fight) gained momentum in many parts of the state in view of Pongal festival, the cock fight (seval kattu) drew large crowds here on Tuesday.Unlike last year, the four-day event, which commenced on January 14, was conducted with permission from the district administration. Last year, the Madurai bench of the Madras High Court gave the go-ahead to conduct the event disposing a public interest litigation seeking a ban on the traditional sport.Roosters reared for duels were brought from Karur, Dindigul, Tirupur, Tirunelveli, Madurai, Salem, Erode, Thanjavur, Theni, Trichy and Kanyakumari districts. Cocks from Kerala also participated in the fight to prove their mettle. From day one, more than 2,000 roosters took part daily. On the final day, the number of roosters touched about 2,500.The villagers have been organising the event for time immemorial. In order to participate in the cock fight, the owners should pay an entrance fee to the villagers. Interestingly, the sport is played only for pride and no incentives or awards will be given to the winning cocks and its owners.Though organisers denied that betting did not exist in Poolamvalasal village, sources said that some of the villagers indulged in betting with the spectators who turned out in large numbers.R Natarajan of Poolanvalasal told TOI that the event was being conducted as per the rules issued by the district administration. Besides cocks coming from across the states to take part, more than 5,000 spectators enthusiastically came to witness the event. Since most of the people in Karur migrated to other places for business and for job opportunities, the event came as a blessing in disguise as they utilised this opportunity to meet their friends and relatives.Natarajan also denied the charge of betting taking place during the festival as a large posse of police personnel were deployed to prevent any untoward incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11531500", "title": "University makes a mark in research fest", "text": "MUMBAI: For years, the University of Mumbai has lagged in participation from students in terms of research and publications, but this year was different. The university has emerged as a winner in the annual research festival, 'Avishkar', in which 19 universities took part.Data shows that the numbers of entries this year for the state-level competition has gone up threefold compared to last year. Last year, there were 250 projects, but this year, the numbers have gone up to 700.The Mumbai University selected 44 entries from the total of more than 700 that they received. The festival, which is conducted for candidates in four categories, including undergraduate, post-graduate, PhDs and teachers pursuing PhDs, saw huge participation this year, claimed the director of Board of College and University Development (BCUD), Rajpal Hande.He added, \"This year, a lot of networking was done. The students' welfare department got in touch with all the colleges and the numbers were quite encouraging. The university can boast of a good number of research projects as well.\"According to Mrudul Nile, director of Students' Welfare, the numbers of entries have gone up tremendously. \"For streams like engineering, we always had single-digit entries, but this year, we got around 55 projects in engineering, which was a remarkable growth. Even commerce faculty saw around 150 entries from the entire jurisdiction of the university. Research work is gaining momentum. Over 100 projects were qualified to go to the next level.\"Pune University was in close quarters for the championship but stood second. While MU won a five golds and six silver medals, PU won five gold and three silver medals in the inter-state research contest. Among the winners was the project of a PhD student from NSS College, Tardeo, which highlighted the 'feminist approach to book 4 in the Harry Potter series and its relation to gender sensitization'.Manisha Kande from College of Social Work Nirmala Niketan won gold for her research on a study of implementation of a government project in Jawahar taluka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11536841", "title": "Expect day, night temperatures to go up in next two days", "text": "PUNE: Citizens can expect warmer days and nights for the next two days as the India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast no major change in the temperatures.The minimum temperature in the city was recorded at 8.1 degrees Celsius, which is 3 degrees C below normal, on Tuesday. This was a slight drop from the 8.2 degrees C that was recorded on Monday.Maximum temperature too was recorded at 31 degrees C, which was 1 degree C above normal. The day temperature has consistently remained 1 degree C to 2 degrees C above normal since January 14.IMD director (weather central) Sunita Devi said, \"We expect no further fall in the temperatures in the city over the next two days. In fact, temperatures are expected to go up slightly after January 21.\"According to IMD's all India weather summary, the western disturbance as an upper air cyclonic circulation over Jammu and Kashmir (J&K;) and neighbourhood persists.The induced low pressure area over Punjab and adjoining Haryana and north Rajasthan has become less marked. However, the associated cyclonic circulation persists over Punjab and adjoining Haryana, the summary stated.Both, the western disturbance and the low pressure area are expected to move east-northeastwards. tnn \"The two systems will primarily impact the weather in the north-western areas of the country,\" Devi said and added, \"We expect no major influence of the same on Pune and adjoining parts.\"Cold wave conditions prevailed in isolated parts of central Maharashtra belt, which stretches from Jalgaon/Nashik in the north and Kolhapur down south with Pune at the centre.The night temperatures were appreciably below normal i.e. a difference of 3 C to 4 C from the normal mark, in Vidarbha and parts of central Maharashtra while the same were below normal i.e. a difference of 2 C from the normal mark, in Konkan and Goa, which includes Mumbai.Ahmednagar recorded the lowest temperature in the state at 6.1 C (-7) while Nashik recorded 7.5 (-3) and Malegaon recorded 9.6 (-2). In Konkan and Goa belt, Mumbai recorded 18.4 C (-1) while Ratnagiri recorded 14 C (-5). Alibag and Dahanu recorded 15.7 (-2) and 15.1 (-2), respectively.Parbhani in Marathwada, which had below 10 C temperatures for the last few days, recordded 11.5 C on Tuesday. This was 3 C below normal. In Vidarbha, Yavatmal recorded 11.6 C (-4) while Amravati recorded 12.6 C (-3). Nagpur recorded 10.2 C (-3) and Akola recorded 12.5 (-1).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11535973", "title": "State to ask 1,725 cr from Centre to fight natural disasters", "text": "INDORE: The state government will demand Rs 1,725 crore from the Centre to fight the natural calamities in Madhya Pradesh. The state will also ask the centre to bring it on par with other states when it comes to the fund allocation for Prime Minister Grameen Sadak Yojana (PMGSY).State finance minister Raghoji would meet Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee in New Delhi on Wednesday along with his counterparts as part of a pre-budget exercise.Talking to TOI ahead of the meet with the FM, Raghoji said, \"We have paid from our kitty about Rs 1,400 crore towards meeting the natural calamities, which had hit several districts of the state in the form of hail storm. Hence we will demand Rs 1,725 crore from the Centre to pay the compensation,\" he said.Second major matter on the agenda of the state's finance minister to take up with Mukherjee is to increase the allocation of money under the PMGSY.\"The Centre had been paying us Rs 2,500 crore under the PMGSY in the past. However, the amount was drastically cut to Rs 1,000 crore during the current fiscal, said Raghoji. He will also take up with Mukherjee fund issues related to the gauge conversion of various railway lines in the state from metre gauge to broad gauge including the Lalitpur-Singrauli, Jabalpur-Gondia and Khandwa-Ratlam. He said that Singrauli was fast emerging as an industrial hub of the state. But absence of a broad gauge railway line affected the industrial growth in this sector.Above all, the state government would also be urging the Union government to remove those items from the negative list of the proposed goods &amp; sales tax, which were already being covered by the state.The state finance minister will also urge the Centre to increase the fund allocation under the PMGSY.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535452", "title": "Manish Gupta's making a film on Anna Hazare", "text": "He might have called off his last agitation but Bollywood's fascination with anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare continues.We hear Manish Gupta, who directed Hostel, is busy making a film on Anna and his anti-graft movement and how unscrupulous politicians are furthering their own vested interests under its guise.The talking point of Main Nahin Anna seems to be Prasanna Sathe, a little-known theatre actor who plays the main protagonist. For Gupta, casting Sathe has lent a certain legitimacy to his film. As he puts it, \"Sathe isn't just playing the role; he is living Anna's life\". In real life, Sathe is a bachelor, and a simple, honest, incorruptible soul with no craving for money, according to Gupta. Then again, the director didn't want the real Anna's supporters to accuse him of cheapening or degrading Anna's name in any way.Now living in character isn't new; apparently, Ben Kingsley led a spartan life for his role in Richard Attenborough's Gandhi. More on Main Nahin Anna: the film is nearing completion and features Prashant Narayanan of Murder 2 fame as an honest cop battling the system. No prizes for guessing this one either: Narayanan's character is based on Anna loyalist Arvind Kejriwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11533141", "title": "Rs 2.5cr repair plan approved for Ambad", "text": "NASHIK: A delegation of the Ambad Industries and Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) met municipal commissioner B D Sanap on Monday and submitted a memorandum highlighting the woes of industries in the Ambad area, especially the condition of roads, to him. AIMA president Dnyaneshwar Gopale said Sanap approved work orders worth Rs 2.5 crore for the area, including repairs and asphalting of roads, and repairs of streetlights, among others.The condition of roads in most sectors E, M, W 40 Sheds area and lack of a proper drainage system plan in the Suvarna Laghu Udhyog Yojana had posed a problem to industrial units in Ambad. The delegation claimed the condition of roads was posing a problem for trucks visiting the industrial units with heavy loads.During the interaction, in which local corporator Tanaji Phadol was also involved, Sanap decided to revamp roads, streetlights and the drainage system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11529734", "title": "Nagpur cops nab teenage offenders seeking a high life", "text": "NAGPUR: Two high school students adept in a range of offences proved a surprise package for even cops who used to think only hardcore criminals could possess such skills.The duo, held for the first time, allegedly had been indulging in burglaries, chain-snatching, baglifting, bike thefts and such illegal activities for their love for biryani, liquor and girlfriends. One of them also wanted to invest in a pan-kiosk but their arrest put paid to the plan.City police crime branch nabbed the duo on Monday for being part of a gang, operating from Khamla and Chhatrapati Nagar, for their involvement in street crimes like robberies and snatchings apart from serious property offences like house and shop breakings. Crime branch, under additional commissioner of police Ravindra Kadam, has launched a drive against offenders engaged in different kinds of street crimes and burglaries. It is learnt that city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay has asked the crime branch and police stations to remain on their toes to control chain-snatchings and baglifting following a spurt in such incidents.Crime branch team under senior police inspector Madhao Giri had got their prize catch in hardcore burglar Avinash De. He had been released on bail in September after Sonegaon police had nabbed him along with another accomplice. Police had recovered nearly 50 tolas stolen gold from De and his then aide last year. Last week, he was caught along with another accomplice Prakash Ahuja for their alleged act of breaking into Sadar office of a chartered accountant. Their interrogation led to arrest of the two teens who in turn led cops to another of De's accomplice Anil Manglani.Police then got clues about more teens likely to be involved with De. Police said one of the two teenagers would often team up with De who would be the mastermind. De had also threatened the teenagers of reporting to them to the police and demanded 15,000 from them. On another occasion, one of the teenagers had beaten up De over a stolen guitar for opposing his wish to gift the musical instrument to his girlfriend.Police said that the duo apparently borrowed a bike from another student on the pretext of some errand and committed chain-snatchings. They, however, ran out of luck as on two occasions chains they had snatched turned out to be imitation jewellery. In another case they confessed to, the victim had made no complaint.The duo decamped with 1.10 lakh from a house in Rana Pratap Nagar in October last year. Police said that they were also involved in snatching bag of a government employee near Zero Mile and another near Manas Chowk.Police have now seized the bike belonging to their friend, apart from recovering two cameras, mobile phone and some silverware. The teenagers had also stolen a bike but it had gone missing after the duo abandoned it near Khamla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11532953", "title": "All eyes on the Muslim vote in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: The battle for Muslim votes is getting fiercer by the day in UP. All major parties, barring the BJP , are trying to come out with the best strategy to win over minority voters who have the power to influence results in over 130 seats.But BJP, too, is interested in this multi-corner contest for Muslim votes. If this leads to a polarization on communal lines, it would be the party to benefit the most.Congress has taken the lead announcing 4.5% minority quota and promising to make it 9% if voted to power, SP has announced an 18% quota for Muslims in government jobs and educational institutes.The BSP has not made any promise, but has given tickets to 84 Muslims (21% of the total 403 candidates), highest in comparison to the Congress's (61) and SP's (75), indicating it would give more representation to Muslims if it forms government.This has given a fresh lease of life to BJP. The party is using the minority quota issue to polarize votes on communal lines. The attempt is to woo Hindu backward classes whose share in the OBC quota has shrunk because of the 4.5% minority quota.\"Congress is desperate to gain in UP because on it will depend the prime ministership of Rahul Gandhi. He has gone all out to woo Muslims. I would say the party is brazenly wooing one community. This is obviously a cause for concern for both BSP and SP. SP is more worried because its existence is based on the Muslim-Yadav combination, whereas BSP has an advantage of dalit support. Even a small percentage of Muslim votes will be enough for BSP which is also targeting other castes, particularly Brahmins,\" said analyst JP Shukla.For BJP, he said, the issue is a blessing in disguise. \"It is clear from Nitin Gadkari's statement that the party would try its best to polarize Hindu OBCs,\" he added. \"Muslims already figure in the OBC list for 27% reservation. Fixing of 4.5% minority quota under OBC quota would squeeze the space for dominant OBCs like Yadavs and Kurmis,\" he added.Muslims constitute 18% of UP's population and can tilt the balance in around 130 out of 403 assembly seats. The desperation to win Muslim votes can be gauged from the way parties are digging up old issues like the Batla House encounter and Salman Rushdie.BSP, though, has remained silent. Its supremo Mayawati was the first one to raise the issue in September last year by writing to the PM asking for a constitutional amendment to provide quota to dalit Muslims. Smaller parties have asked for quotas for dalit Muslims besides separate quota under OBC category.UP's Muslim pieMuslims are 18% UP's population Can tilt balance in around 130 out of 403 Assembly seats Congress announced 4.5% minority quota, promised to make it 9% if voted to power. Tickets to 61 Muslims SP announced 18% quota for Muslims in govt jobs. Tickets to 75 Muslims BSP has not made any promise, but given tickets to 84 Muslims.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11536311", "title": "DCC will protest Sindagi incident", "text": "MANGALORE: Condemning the incident of hoisting Pakistan national flag at Sindagi in Bijapur district, the District Congress Committee (DCC) will stage a protest in front of the DC's office here on January 20. DCC president B Ramanatha Rai said Sangh Parivar was behind the incident, which was aimed at disrupting the communal harmony in the state.\"Sri Rama Sene and RSS are playing a blame game on Pakistani flag-hoisting incident. It is clear that men belong to Sangh Parivar are involved in the incident,\" he said, demanding action against the accused.He said DCC has written a letter to governor H R Bhardwaj and to the education department to prevent communal organizations from making schoolkids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11533528", "title": "Mulayam woos rickshaw-pullers", "text": "LUCKNOW: After farmers and weavers, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on Tuesday, tried to woo rickshaw-pullers. Addressing a rally in Sant Kabir Nagar on Tuesday, Mulayam committed that a special law will be put in place for the welfare of rickshaw-pullers if his party is voted to power.The SP chief took on the Bahujan Samaj Party government in UP and also held the Congress-led UPA at the Centre for the state of affairs that UP is presently in.\"When we were in the government, extra efforts were made to ensure that the Central aid being received was channelised in the right direction, not like what the present government has done. The UPA also sat back and watched the whole thing. Not a single team from the Centre visited UP to verify if the money was being spent for what it was meant. Had it not been for the forthcoming election in UP, no action would have been taken even now.Whatever little action has been initiated is limited to the middle-rung government officers. Neither the senior officers nor ministers have been touched in any case so far,\" he said.About the special law for rickshaw-pullers (both passenger and load carriers), the SP chief said that fuel-run motors would be installed in tri-cycle rickshaws at government's cost.\"We will also ensure that such hard working people do not have to go to sleep hungry if they fail to earn anything on any given day,\" Mulayam said. He repeated his promise of free electricity to farmers for irrigation and also to the weavers, to help them run their machines during the working hours. SP surpemo said his government will also look into the loans given to the farmers who have not been able to repay for years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531254", "title": "Man attempts suicide at police station after arrest over burglary", "text": "NEW DELHI: A person, who was arrested for burglary, tried to commit suicide in police custody at Sarita Vihar police station in southeast Delhi.Sanjay Paharia wanted to use the washroom after he was brought to the police station. \"He went to the bathroom while a constable stood outside. The incident was reported from Sarita Vihar police station of south East Delhi on January 12 around 6pm.Ironically, the office of the Addl Commisioner of police of the district is in the same complex.He inflicted injuries on himself with a blade and then swallowed it. When the constable got to know of it he informed senior police officers about the incident. Paharia was immediately rushed to a hospital where he has been admitted for treatment,\" the complaint, lodged by the police, stated.The police have now registered a case of attempt to suicide against Paharia and are probing the matter. They were caught unawares by the incident and have no clue from where the accused came in possession of a blade while in police custody.However, the cops were surprised at the way he managed to swallow the blade. \"The reason for him to resort to such a step needs to be verified. He could have even hurt the cops with the blade and escaped,\" said a source.Paharia was arrested along with his brother on January 10 while they were going towards Agra in a Honda City car. He is said to be involved in various cases of burglary in Sarita Vihar and Vasant Kunj among other areas. They used to commit theft especially in the flats occupied by working couples, police said.They would target top-floor and second-floor flats, which remained locked for some time.Explaining their modus operandi, Ajay Chaudhry, additional CP southeast, said, \"First, one of them used to go upstairs and his accomplice would keep watch over the area. They would flee after the burglary in their Honda city car to avoid being recognized. We recovered Rs 6 lakh cash, 210 grams of gold jewellry and 1.7kg silver from them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11536604", "title": "Suri Cruise tops best dressed list", "text": "Suri Cruise has topped a poll of the best dressed celebrity children.The five-year-old daughter of Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes beat off competition from David and Victoria Beckham's children Harper Seven and Brooklyn and Madonna's stylish teenage daughter Lourdes Leon to take the top spot in the list compiled by My1stYears.com.A spokesperson for the baby gift company said: \"Suri Cruise has an amazing wardrobe and for a five year old wears some gorgeous outfits. She certainly has terrific taste for one so young.\"Fellow fashionista Harper Seven has been snapped in designer outfits since she was just weeks old, and with a fashion designer for a mum, I imagine she'll be wearing the very best for years to come. All three of her brothers have very individual taste - the Beckham's are one very fashionable family!\"Madonna's daughter Lourdes has polled a respectable fourth place. The outspoken teen is already setting trends. She's certainly one to watch over the coming years. No doubt she has inherited some of her mum's very individual taste.\"There are some very stylish tots out there and with the cash their parents have, it's no surprise they wear the very best. While it's nice to be able to treat your kids now and again, designer clothes aren't a must have.\"Other stylish tots include Ava Klass the daughter of Mylene, Kingston Rossdale son of Gwen Steffani and Gavin Rossdale and Zahara Jolie Pitt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11533394", "title": "Swede jumps off airport flyover, hurt", "text": "VASCO: There was high drama at Dabolim airport at 5am on Tuesday, when Swedish national Mika Ensio Pikkinen, 45, jumped off the airport building flyover near the international departure area. People who rushed to see the fallen man, found him bleeding with injuries to the head.According to witnesses, Pikkinen arrived at the airport on Monday evening in a confused state. He was seen roaming outside the international departure area and tried to enter the building but CISF personnel refused him entry. Unable to enter the airport he suddenly tore off his clothes and jumped off the flyover. Though Pikkinen injured himself badly, his condition is stable, sources said. The Swedish embassy has been informed about the incident. Police are awaiting the man's return to consciousness to question him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531647", "title": "Aunt kidnaps baby boy for 'childless' niece", "text": "NEW DELHI: A three-year-old boy was rescued from the clutches of a childless couple, who got him from an aunt who allegedly kidnapped him, police claimed on Tuesday. Three persons, including the couple who bought the child, were arrested in connection with the kidnapping of Zeeshan from infront of his house in Uttam Nagar on January 11.The child was rescued from the house Sunita (32) and Mahipal (36) in Ghaziabad, who allegedly got him from Sunita's aunt Urmila Srivastava (37), who kidnapped the boy for the couple, V Renganathan, Additional Commissioner of Police (West), said. Gulshan Khan, the father of the child, had on January 11 approached police claiming that his son had been kidnapped.During investigation, one Sandeep, a fruit vendor told cops that he saw a woman taking Zeeshan away claiming that the boy was the child of her neighbour. \"Sandeep was briefed to remain vigilant and to inform police as and when he finds the same woman. On Monday, he noticed the same woman and informed police and Urmila was apprehended. During questioning, he admitted to kidnapping the boy,\" Renganathan said.\"She told us that her niece was married for last about 12-13 years and she had no issue and so she decided to kidnap the boy and give it to her,\" he said. All three accused belong to poor families and live in rented accommodation and have no previous criminal records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11531532", "title": "\u2018You can condemn him, but cannot ban him\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The manufactured controversy over Salman Rushdie's presence at the Jaipur Literature Festival has elicited widespread reactions, ranging from concern over security to outrage over civil liberties. Whether or not India's most beloved writer shows up is no longer the point. People are more disturbed that a small group can threaten freedom of expression in the world's largest democracy and that the government's response can be so effete.The questions being raised go far deeper than an author, a political group and a lit fest: Are civil liberties under threat? Does one have the right to offend religious sentiments? How far can this be taken? Why are governments increasingly pandering to such bullies and threats? And finally, the almost sinister repercussions of censorship and how it can change the way an entire society thinks. As literary critic Nilanjana Roy puts it, \"If you have to start censoring the written word, at some point you'll start censoring your thoughts, and we don't want to head in that direction.\"Should writers be encouraged to challenge readers or should they be careful not to rock people's boats? \"I am trying to be balanced in my view on this,\" said bestselling writer Chetan Bhagat, when asked to comment. \"The fact is that he (Rushdie) has been blasphemous, and I don't think it serves much purpose. It doesn't lead to reform. Even if you want to comment on a particular religion, there are better ways to do it. So, we shouldn't make a hero out of him. At the same time, while people have a right to condemn him, they don't have the right to ban him. The government could have been stronger in opposing such bullying. If you want to appease a community, at least side with the modern Muslims.\"Writer Shobhaa De said that while there is never a dull moment around Rushdie, it is shameful that his personal visit to a lit fest has been politicised to this ugly extent. \"If the authorities in Rajasthan cannot guarantee the safety of one individual and are quick to shirk off all responsibility, it displays not just a lack of will, but plain cowardice. What is equally disappointing is the disturbing silence of other writers and so-called intellectuals, even those who are participating in the same litfest in Jaipur. Instead of standing up for one of their own, they are willing to throw Rushdie to the lions. It's Salman today. It could be one of them tomorrow.\"Writer Siddharth Dhanvant Shanghvi offered a somewhat unusual suggestion. \"It's been 15-odd years since Satanic Verses was published - has the Dar-ul Uloom Deoband found nothing else to rage about? If they're here to safeguard Muslims, please move them to Gujarat. Let's see them take on someone the size of Narendra Modi and see how far they get. In the meantime, get a job-then we'll talk.\"Social networking sites featured a slew of comments, with media maverick Pritish Nandy saying, \"Rushdie should be included in text books so that the next generation of politicians know what should not be banned\" and photographer Atul Kasbekar tweeting, \"What kind of dweeb nicks someone's water bottle from the gym? Same dip that doesn't allow Rushdie to the LitFest?\" Thermax director Anu Aga said, \"If we call ourselves a democracy, we have to give people the freedom to express their views, and not be afraid of their viewpoints, even if it may hurt a group. China can get away with it. But how can India do this? \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11530849", "title": "Bird flu ruled out in Gondia crow deaths", "text": "GONDIA: The deaths of numerous crows in Sadak-Arjuni tehsil in Gondia district is believed to have been due to a viral infection, though authorities claim that tests have ruled out bird flu as a cause.Tehsildar Alka Shingade and veterinary officer Baban Kamde said that reports of Nagpur veterinary laboratory have ruled out bird flu as the cause of the deaths, but further investigation was needed. But, local administration and animal husbandry department have already started taking preventive measures, including spraying pesticides in the region.Shingade said that there is a teak wood plantation of around 300 trees in Sadak Arjuni. There is a mutton shop adjacent to this, so many crows roost on these trees. They pick up waste from the shop and leave unwanted parts scattered around. This spreads dirt and leaves a foul smell everywhere.Around 15 days back, there were reports of many crows dying in the plantation. The carcasses were thrown out of the compound. Veterinary officer Kamde had buried the dead birds in a pit with due precaution to maintain hygiene, and samples were sent to the laboratory.The lab report said the birds died due to a viral infection. But as a precautionary measure, the mutton shop keeper was directed to shift his shop.The area where this happened has been sprayed with pesticides and there have not been any more crow deaths, Shingade said.However, district animal husbandry officer of Gondia ZP Dr DD Ghorpade said this was not the moment to relax. \"We are investigating the type of virus. We have instructed all panchayat samitis to be alert and immediately report if there are any more deaths. There were some reports of deaths in Deori and Goregaon tehsils. This issue will be discussed in the proposed seminar of veterinary doctors in Gondia on January 19,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11536429", "title": "Pakistani court seeks responses from President, PM on Lodhi's petition", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A Pakistani court today sought responses from the president and prime minister to a petition filed by former defence secretary Lt Gen (retired) Khalid Naeem Lodhi challenging his sacking by the government.Justice Riaz Khan of the Islamabad high court asked the president, prime minister, establishment secretary and the current defence secretary to submit their responses to Lodhi's petition and adjourned the case till the second week of February.Lodhi, a confidant of army chief Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani , was sacked by Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani last week on charges of gross misconduct and creating misunderstandings between the government and the military over the alleged memo that had sought US help to stave off a coup in Pakistan last year.The memo has triggered a confrontation between the civilian administration and the army. Lodhi earned Gilani's ire by filing an affidavit in the apex court that said the government had no operational control over the army and Inter-Services Intelligence.In his petition, Lodhi claimed he had been sacked without being given an opportunity to explain his position.Lodhi's lawyer asked the court to declare the notification sacking him as invalid as it was illegal.The high court said this could not be done without hearing the government's views. The judge then asked the respondents to submit their responses to the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11532054", "title": "Illegal colonies get Rs 100cr in budget", "text": "NEW DELHI: Municipal Corporation of Delhi's (MCD) budget for 2012-13 makes a special allocation of Rs 5 crore for Chhath Puja. The ruling BJP has earmarked Rs 50 crore for development of rural areas, Rs 100 crore for works in unauthorized colonies, Rs 10 crore for repair and maintenance of rural roads, in addition to other proposals.Though the budget passed in standing committee on Tuesday is not likely to get implemented-by April-end three new corporations will be formed-it will be the basis for the budget of the news corporations, according to MCD officials.As the MCD is heading for a split, the BJP is sparing no effort to ensure its return in all the three corporations, with the populist budget the first step to that end. The party had rejected MCD commissioner KS Mehra's proposal for increasing taxes in December as it would not endear it to its voters. It has now come out with schemes to woo its vote bank in rural and unauthorized areas, most importantly, the poorvanchalis. \"There are over 40 lakh poorvanchalis in Delhi. Over the years, Chhath has become an important festival and the civic agency wants to make adequate arrangements for it. The funds will be spent on lighting, sanitation of the ghats, etc,\" said Yogender Chandolia, chairman, MCD standing committee, while presenting the last budget of the unified corporation that came into being in 1957.The budget estimates for 2012-13 will be presented before the MCD House on February 6.Even as the BJP insists on the need for special provision for Chhath Puja, the Opposition led by the Congress is not in agreement. \"In the last four years, the BJP never thought of Chhath Puja. Now they have ladled out Rs 5 crore for it. What about other festivals? This is simply an attempt to gain political mileage,\" said J K Sharma, leader of the Opposition, MCD.To win the support of lakhs of voters living in unauthorized colonies and villages, the BJP has allocated funds for developmental work under several heads. Ironically, the civic agency didn't spend any money for the development of any of the unauthorized colonies last year.\"The funds are lying unused. Around Rs 10 lakh had been set aside for providing civic amenities in such wards but the money is untouched,\" said Sarita Chaudhary, BJP councillor. The standing committee had directed the commissioner to spend the funds allocated for unauthorized colonies. Like last year, the ruling BJP has allocated funds for schemes like distribution of CFL bulbs in JJ cluster/unauthorized colonies, construction of toilets for women, special parks for women, etc.This year, the MCD has increased the amount under several heads like maintenance of heritage buildings, funds for hiring special educators in MCD schools, and scholarships for girl students in MCD schools.To encourage girl students who have studied in MCD schools, the civic agency has decided to parcel out Rs 5,000 to each girl after they complete senior secondary school.But the BJP has little to offer the 9.5 lakh tax-payers living mostly in approved areas.The MCD has sanctioned just Rs 91 crore as development fund for approved areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "11532782", "title": "Snow triggers landslides in HP", "text": "MANALI: Incessant snowfall and rain have triggered landslides in Kullu-Manali where water absorption capacity of saturated land has been completely depleted.Sliding debris and rocks have made driving on Delhi-Manali highway between Mandi and Manali extremely dangerous. Though the public works department is working hard to clear the highway, landslide zones near Hanogi temple, Raison, Dobhi, Kalath, Bahnu and Rangri are posing threat to thousands of travellers. Apple orchardists are upset as snow has uprooted hundreds of trees in high altitude areas, which witnessed more than two feet of snow.\"I've lost seven fully grown apple trees and this number is likely to go up by dozens by the end of winter,\" said Daulat Ram Thakur, a horticulturist from Sangchar village. He added that several villagers have lost dozens of apple trees in the last two weeks. Damage to trees was also reported from Shaleen, Lag Valley, Fojal and many villages of Kharahal and Banjar valley.On Tuesday, there were avalanches on higher reaches. A family had a narrow escape when an avalanche nearly hit their house near Kalath.\"Six of us were sleeping when avalanche rolled by our house early morning,\" Bhir Singh, one of the family members, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535216", "title": "Sanjay Dutt returns signing amount", "text": "That Sanjay Dutt was all set to reprise the corrupt cop-turned-good cop act in the Hindi remake of the Tamil superhit Saamy (2003) tentatively titled Thanedaar Returns, was announced amid great fanfare.KS Ravikumar of Dasavathaaram fame was going to direct the film and S Kumar Mohan was going to be the producer in association with son Atul Mohan, Dharam Oberoi (CEO of Sanjay Dutt Productions), VK Singh and PG Shreekanth.However, a source close to the production team has now revealed that due to some issue over the rights that put a spanner in the works, Dutt decided to pull away instead of waiting it out. \"And, Dutt, being the thorough gentleman he is, returned the signing amount of Rs 2 crore,\" added the source.When contacted, Mohan confirmed the news, \"Yes, there was some issue over the rights of Thanedaar ... I told Sanju to opt out. He very graciously returned the signing amount. I'll make this film later.\"Indeed an unprecedented gesture by Dutt, considering he was so excited about the action film that he himself designed a special exercise routine and put himself on a strict diet to get into shape.In an industry where one hears of countless cases of legal battles between actors and production houses over signing amounts for films that fail to materialise, goodwill gestures such as Dutt's are few and far between. The last such case Mumbai Mirror had reported on December 23, 2011 about Saif Ali Khan returning the signing amount of a staggering Rs 11 crore to Shree Ashtavinayak Cine Vision for a film that he had signed three and a half years ago.But Dutt's fans will be still able to see him in another action flick. \"Although the Saamy Hindi remake is not happening, Dutt is doing another film with KS Ravikumar, whose producer will be different. This film is also a super cop drama but with a different set of producers namely TP Agarwal and Dharam Oberoi,\" our source disclosed.Upon being contacted, Sanjay's official spokesperson said, \"Yes, it's true that the Hindi remake of Saamy is not happening. Sanju Sir has returned the signing amount. However, he is working on another project with KS Ravikumar.\"Meanwhile, Thanedaar Returns was originally scheduled for a Diwali 2012 release. Prakash Raj of Singham fame was to play the villain and the music was to be composed by Kolaveri Di sensation Anirudh Ravichander.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jhansi", "code": "11533030", "title": "Rahul steps up attack on rivals", "text": "JHANSI: Blaming past governments for the plight of Bundelkhand, Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday alleged state minister and senior BSP leader Nassemuddin Siddiqui had given his son tractors meant for farmers and sent by the Centre.Addressing a public meeting at Lalitpur , Rahul said when he visited Bundelkhand two years ago, he saw the plight of the people .\"I took a delegation to the PM who immediately gave a package for this area. Some months later when I came here again, I was told that the money (meant for you) has not reached because the elephant in Lucknow had eaten it all up,\" he said.Attacking BJP, he said if its leaders had bothered to visit Bundelkhand and see the situation here, they would have felt ashamed of their India Shining slogan. He said SP and BSP, which sought votes on caste and community basis, were concerned only with 10% of the population. Congress is inclusive and works for all sections of the society.He said when Congress came to power in 2004, it gave the country the biggest employment scheme through NREGA. \"Mayawati said it would not work. In UP, it has not worked because elephant eats up all the money,\" he said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11530769", "title": "Three hurt in fire at Sadar hotel, firemen evacuate trapped guests", "text": "NAGPUR: Firemen averted a major accident after they extinguished a fire that had broken out at a hotel on Mount Road in Sadar on Tuesday evening.Five fire tenders were pressed into service to douse the inferno, which was brought under control within an hour. Three persons sustained minor injuries in the incident. Firemen evacuated some people trapped on the affected floors, preventing a bigger loss.Caused due to a short circuit, the fire spread to the kitchen and store room on the fifth floor before the flames reached the office on the sixth floor. Even as firemen struggled to bring the inferno under control, the flames started spreading on the seventh floor.The fire brigade had to summon additional fire tenders after its initial efforts failed to put out the flames.Personnel from Sadar police station also reached the spot to control the mob and assist the firemen. A hotel employee who got trapped in the lift between the fourth and fifth floor was rescued later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11532324", "title": "CBI seeks extension in Sadiq encounter probe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has sought six months more from Gujarat high court to complete the probe in the Sadiq Jamal encounter case of 2003.HC had on June 16 transferred the probe into the allegations of fake encounter by the city crime branch sleuths to CBI with a time limit of six months. However, the central agency has sought extension in the investigation on several grounds.According to CBI counsel Yogesh Ravani, the petition mentioned that the probe has been practically stopped following a key witness Ketan Tirodkar moving the Bombay high court challenging the summons issued to him. Tirodkar, whose statement was recorded once, was the only link prior to HC order to establish that the Bhavnagar youth was killed in police custody, and the Gujarat police had secured his custody from Mumbai's encounter specialist Daya Nayak.During the investigation, CBI recorded statements of various witnesses that have established that Sadiq was in custody of Gujarat police for nearly two weeks. However, CBI has informed HC that various documents and material evidence have been sent to different laboratories for examination, and the probe agency may get reports in the next few months. Before the scientific evidence is made available, it would be difficult to come to any conclusion, the petition stated.In the meantime, the state government has not succeeded in its appeal against justice M R Shah's decision to hand over the case to CBI. The bench in the Supreme Court refused to stay CBI probe and gave a green signal to the central probe agency to come up with its final report. On the contrary, the state government found itself in trouble in the proceeding, as the apex court sought explanation from it on how could it set up a special task force (STF) to inquire into the allegations of fake encounter.Sadiq died in a shootout on January 13, 2003 near Galaxy Cinema in Naroda. After his death, crime branch dubbed him as Lashkar-e-Taiba operative out to kill chief minister Narendra Modi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11533952", "title": "Thumbs up for CBSE\u2019s no to practicals for blind", "text": "CHENNAI: Disability activists have welcomed the move by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) to do away with hands-on practical components in basic sciences for visually-impaired students (class 11 and 12) and replaced it with a multiple-choice question paper instead.Disability activists say this will not help visually-challenged students to develop an interest in basic sciences. \"It is a positive step and can help students with visual disabilities to be on a par with others in the technical sense. But, there is a difference between seeing the moon and having others describe it for you,\" said Jaladhi Umashankar, who teaches history at a government high school in a village near Tiruttani.Earlier this week, CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi in his Vision 2012 letter to principals of all schools affiliated to the board said he hopes the move would help more such students to take up science at the secondary school level.The change will come into effect from the end of the current academic year for class 11 students and 2012-13 for class 12 students. Most students with visual disabilities prefer to stay away from science because they would not be able to get the desired experience.Some activists, however, have raised questions about how effective the move would be since practicals for students in CBSE schools start in class 9.Anil Prabhakar, trustee, Chetana Charitable Trust, which works to increase awareness and access to learning for all, does not believe that this will motivate students with visual disabilities to pursue basic sciences in higher studies.\"Our tactile books teach children with visual disabilities the different phases of the moon through cut shapes. The correct way to go about this would be to find out alternatives to teach the same concepts. We need to give modified practicum for such children.\"Joshi also said the board would start a 24/7 call centre for schools to facilitate frequent communication with it. The call centre is likely to become operational from February 15.Most students with visual disabilities prefer to stay away from science because they would not be able to get the desired experience", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11532882", "title": "Mobile phone seized from prisoner", "text": "COIMBATORE: A raid was conducted by jail officials at the Coimbatore central prison on Monday after receiving a tip off on prisoners who possessed mobile phones. One phone was seized and jail authorities have registered a case against convict G Sakthivel. Facing over a dozen cases of robbery, Sakthivel had been using the phone secretly for quite some time.A Nokia set which did not have a SIM card was recovered from Sakthivel. The authorities believe that the prisoner may have hid the SIM card. This is the second raid in the central jail this month. Earlier too, cell phones were recovered from the inmates. K Shankar, the jailor, filed a case at the B4 race Course police station against Sakthivel. Police have registered a case under section 42 of the Prisons Act, for possessing banned materials in prison.Jail authorities had conducted a search in the jail premises a week ago which lead to clashes between the prisoners and jail staff. The prisoners had complained to a judicial magistrate that the jail authorities were harassing them by implicating them in false charges. The court had ordered the police to investigate the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11532143", "title": "NSUI members interact with Union minister", "text": "JAIPUR: National Students Union of India (NSUI) organized an interactive session of its activists with Alwar MP and minister of state for home affairs Jitendra Singh at Pink City Press Club on Tuesday. During the interactive session the activists, mostly from Rajasthan University (RU), asked questions related to problems at RU. The programme was attended by over 300 students.Nirmal Sharma of RU drew the minister's attention towards shortage of faculty at the university and its constituent colleges. Sharma said that the university has not recruited teachers for over two decades. He asked, \"Why don't you raise this matter with the state higher education minister?\" The minister assured him of raising this issue with the state higher education department.Richa Meena who contested elections from Maharani's Girls College asked, \"Why can't the university give us funds to contest elections?\" The minister agreed saying that it will help in maintaining transparency in the electoral system.He asked the students to come forward and build the nation. He assured that the UPA II policies are youth-oriented and are aiming to empower them. While answering questions related to opening of new colleges, change in curriculum, maintaining law and order in the colleges and university, he said, \"The interactive session with youths is very informative. I am now aware of their problems and will raise their issues with different competent departments and authorities for redressal.\"Sumit Bhagarsara, the state president of NSUI alleged the university administration of incompetency as he sought information under RU annual budget under RTI but three months have passed, and he is yet to get the information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11532290", "title": "Bikers loot foreign kitist", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A foreign participant at the International Kite Festival was robbed by two bikers on Saturday. He filed a complaint about the incident on Monday.According to Navrangpura police, Miguel Oliveira, from Ottograd, Germany, had decided to attend Uttarayan. On his way back, he hired an auto to his hotel at 9 pm.\"While passing by the Mithakhali underpass, the driver stopped the auto stating some mechanical problems. Two youths drove up and snatched Oliveira's bag and zoomed off. The auto driver also fled,\" said a Navrangpura police official. \"His bag contained a laptop, a digital camera, a mobile phone and other goods, all worth Rs 1.32 lakh.\"In the second incident the victims chose to not file any complaint. The theft took place on Saturday where three women tourists lost two of their bags in Bapunagar, said Bapunagar police.The women first approached Navrangpura police. However, the cops re-directed them to Bapunagar police. When contacted, Bapunagar police said no complaint was filed in the case.\"Navrangpura police could have filed the complaint and transferred the probe to Bapunagar. But, following their usual practice of passing the buck, the Navrangpura police turned the tourists away. Such apathetic behaviour will only damage the state's endeavour to become a popular tourist destination,\" said a senior city cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11531958", "title": "Will 2013 fest be moved out of Diggi?", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Literature Festival (JLF) that began at the Diggi Palace as an intimate gathering of 18 India-based authors and a few dozen visitors in 2006 is now not just India's but Asia's largest literary event, drawing tens of thousands of visitors and hosting hundreds of authors from all over the world. And clearly having outgrown the venue, the festival from 2013, in all likelihood, could move out of the present venue or be partially held here.\"The suggestions have been conveyed to the organisers to look for an alternate venue. We have had a great deal of problem in adopting basic security measures, checks and controls here. Ideally, the festival should be organised elsewhere next year onwards as there are a couple of issues that can't be ignored considering the safety of visitors, high profile authors and those living around the venue,\" sources said.\"This is a crowded residential locality with too many high rise buildings and houses. Thus, there is no perimeter control access, no parking facility at the venue and in case of an emergency, the exits are too small for evacuating large crowds. This can be a great challenge to security,\" source added.Considering the security threat ensuing from Salman Rushdie's visit, there will be barcoding of all visitors.\"Entrance to the Palace is barely 18 feet wide. With online registration closed, about 4,000 people will have to register to get barcoded passes on the first day, making it chaotic owing to lack of space,\" source said.Besides, considering that any exigency has to be catered to well in advance, not more than one fire fighting tender can enter the venue with ease.More security personnel will have to be posted at the parking venues, said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11532395", "title": "FORCE: Opposition to MoI for commercial gains", "text": "MARGAO: Forum for the Rights of Children's Education (FORCE) on Tuesday accused those opposing their demand for grants to English-medium primary schools of employing delaying tactics. Reacting to an ongoing high court case over the medium of instruction (MoI) policy, FORCE members alleged that those vehemently opposing their agitation are doing so for commercial gains by working with private English medium schools.\"Why are they creating such a fuss about grants when, if you study it closely, the government is only paying the salaries of the teaching staff. The infrastructure and maintenance costs are borne by management,\" FORCE general secretary Savio Lopes told reporers.He alleged that those opposing are doing so because they stand to benefit in the long run \"as parents are left with no option but to send their children to private English-medium schools\". \"For private schools, education is a profit-making industry,\" said Lopes. He claimed \"some private schools were forcing parents to pay fees for the next academic year\".A member of FORCE's executive body added, \"For the opposition this is not a fight on social grounds but for commercial gains.\"Lopes said the hue and cry over granting grants was unfounded as receiving such grants was not the primary objective of the Archdiocesan Board of Education (ABE), Goa, and other aided schools.\"The ABE and other aided schools have been contributing to the welfare of society at large and have taken care of all expenses related to building school premises on their own,\" said Lopes.He questioned why those who were opposing their movement in the name of language and culture were not promoting any private Konkani- or Marathi-medium school. \"Why is there no private Konkani school? Why is there no private Marathi school? Why are they not pushing for such institutions?\" asked Lopes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11532225", "title": "Indian-Americans in Atlanta take up guns in self-defence", "text": "WASHINGTON: Indians in the in a Georgian city in the US are learning to use firearms after a spate of violent home invasions and robberies in recent months. Indian-Americans living in Roswell, a suburb of northern Atlanta , are being helped by the local police in receiving gun training to help protect them from robberies.Over the weekend, community members gathered at a firing range, adding that the Roswell police has so far charged seven Colombian nationals with home invasion. \"This is my first time,\" Ashish Dhume was quoted as saying.C K Patel, former president of the National Federation of Indian Associations in the US, said, \"We have reports that Indians were targeted in Atlanta. Indian businessmen and their establishments were being targeted.\"According to him, Indians are targeted because they keep jewellery at home. \"There have been cases where they were robbed of their jewellery immediately after they purchased it from a shop and were bringing it home.\"\"Some of our friends actually got robbed. We don't want to be victimised when we are at home,\" he added. \"I feel confident I can use the gun and protect myself,\" he said after receiving an hour-long training.\"I just wanted to see what it feels like and learn some safety issues, more than anything else, just in case I get into a situation,\" Nivelle Bilimoria said.The community believes that Indian-Americans are being targeted because they follow the tradition of keeping gold in their homes.In fact, Indian-American communities in other parts of the US, like Virginia and New York , too have been target of robberies.But this is the first time that they are taking training in shooting as a self-defence measure.\"Indians seem to be adverse, probably culturally, but once you settle down in this country, you have got to adapt to the country,\" Dijjocam Raina was quoted as saying, adding that he had not held a gun in 20 years, but now he plans on buying one and keeping it close for safety.Local police conceded that the Indian-American community is being targeted by robbers who held them at gunpoint and snatched away their gold and other valuables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11536710", "title": "Love You To Death", "text": "CreditsCast: Chandan Roy Sanyal, Yuki Ellias, Suhasini Mulay, Kallol Banerjee, Nicholas Brown, Sheeba Chadha, Sohrab Ardeshir, Chetan Sashital, Carl Sequeira, Leonid Kudryavtsev Director-Cinematographer-Script: Rafeeq Ellias Banner: A Fat Mama Films Music: Ronit Chaterji Script, Lyrics, Singer: Yuki Ellias Editor, Lyrics, Script: Abhro Banerjee Sound Design: Tapan BhattacharyaSynopsis'Love You To Death' is a wild, whacky comic thriller in 'Hinglish' that has a laugh at the crazy times we live in.Triggered partially by newspaper stories of greed, it includes a bunch of bumbling murder attempts.Plus a doctor who is a 'sexpert' by day, a rockstar by night. A theatre director who also organises 'supari' deaths. A spectacular dog funeral with dogs of all castes and 'breeds' in attendance!There's Sonia who's rich, who loves her dog. Her dog has human problems including anorexia and insomnia. Both receive therapy in the form of crystals and herbal teas from an attractive, manipulative therapist.The therapist is having an affair with Sonia's father-in-law.Sonia's husband Atul and his mom are driven by greed and ambition. A Russian Israeli arms dealer (who's son is a 'peacenik') has a business proposal. Atul wants to set up an arms factory with him even as he personally suffers from 'missile failure'.A hilarious scene with the 'sexpert' ensues.Sonia meets a born-again Indian, an 'eco-warrior' who's dream is to build low cost solar panels for every village in the country.Atul and his mother plot two murder attempts. The film culminates in an art gallery with loads of blank guns, a single loaded pistol and some unexpected results!The film has been screened in 7 festivals in India, the United States and Canada; it won an Audience Award in Anchorage too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11532367", "title": "Jeweller assaulted in robbery bid", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A jeweller was assaulted by a robber at his shop in Ghatlodia. The robbery attempt was thwarted as nearby shopkeepers and passers-by rushed to the aid of the jewellery shop owner. The group also caught the robber and handed him over to police. Ghatlodia police said that Ravi Soni, a resident of Ghatlodia, owns Varniraj Jewellers at Shantiniketan Complex near HB Kapadia School in Bhuyangdev, along with his partner.Soni was alone at his shop at 3 pm on Tuesday as his partner had gone for lunch. At that time, a man came and inquired when the adjoining clinic would open. Soni said he doesn't know and got busy with his work.\"After 10 minutes, the man returned and this time he sought to see some gold ornaments. When Soni was taking out some jewellery sets from a safe near his seat, the man attacked him with a knife and repeatedly injured him on his face and head.Soni rushed out and started shouting for help. Soon, nearby shopkeepers gathered and nabbed the man. They beat him up and then called police,\" said a Ghatlodia police official.Inspector of Ghatlodia police station, K C Rathod said the man has been identified as Jignesh Panchal, 30, a resident of Raj Apartment in Ranip. \"He told in his statement that he works at a car showroom on SG Highway. He had incurred losses in gambling and was desperate to get some money. He thus planned a robbery. He said that he was not involved in any crime earlier,\" he said. Soni was rushed to a private hospital for treatment. Police said that the shop had gold ornaments worth more than Rs 3 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11536596", "title": "Bahuroopi brings people together", "text": "MYSORE: Talking about music bringing the world together, Mysore can now boast of the national theatre fest Bahuroopi bringing the world together.The winter theatre fest is silently doing its part in bringing the city closer to the West. The theatre repertory - Rangayana is stealing attention of foreign nationals visiting Mysore.Erna Zuithott from Europe said she heard about the theatre festival from a relative who is in the organizing committee. The 54-year-old, who is also a theatre artiste from Netherlands said this is her first Bahuroopi and she loves ambience of the place. \"I see the artistes are dedicated and involved,\" she added.Erna who is married to an Indian, Kandachar, says they have been visiting India every year since 1978.For Alessandro of Italy, it is an enthralling affair for his family. The 34-year-old teacher who is here to conduct theatre workshops across India, came to Mysore to witness this fest. He was impatiently waiting to watch U R Ananthamurthy's Kannada play Mouni. \"I heard it is visual,\" said a beaming Alessandro.About Indian theatre, Alessandro said he is fascinated and curious to know more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11530987", "title": "\u2018HC not obliged to uphold all dowry charges\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Quashing a dowry harassment case when the feuding couple has reached an out-of-court settlement does not impact public policy, the Bombay high court has ruled. A division bench of Justice A M Khanwilkar said police officers investigating such cases should take the initiative to reconcile the couple or help them reach a compromise.The ruling assumes significance in view of the growing protests from men's groups that section 498A is open to abuse.The court was hearing a petition filed by city resident Nitin Sahani urging the court to put an end to the criminal case lodged against him by his estranged wife Sheetal. She had lodged a case under section 498A of the IPC, which deals with a woman being subjected to cruelty by her husband and his relatives.\"Considering the nature of controversy which now stands completely resolved, if the request for quashing of FIR is to be acceded to on account of the said arrangement , that by no stretch of imagination would impact public policy,\" the judges said. \"The dispute is essentially a private dispute between husband and wife and at best, the family members who have been named as accused in the FIR.\" The court set aside the FIR filed by Sheetal.The court said it was the duty of the police to treat matrimonial cases with sensitivity. \"It is well established that the court should also take the initiative in settling matrimonial disputes and not treat the criminal complaints as any other regular criminal case,\" the judges said, adding, \"that obligation is also on the police officials investigating such matters.\"Sheetal and Nitin had reached an out-of-court settlement in their case. As per the agreement Nitin would pay her Rs 5 lakh at the time of the HC order and another Rs 5 lakh when the divorce comes through.Nitin complained that though the couple had informed the police that they were settling the dispute, the investigation officer in the case went ahead and filed a chargesheet before the trial court.\"The reason why the investigating officer rushed through the process of filing of the chargesheet despite being informed that the parties have amicably settled all their disputes is not forthcoming,\" said the court. The judges have sought departmental action against the officer and have directed that a copy of its order be sent to the secretary, state home department.(Names of the couple changed to protect identity.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11531736", "title": "Carton of grenades causes panic", "text": "PATNA: Panic prevailed at the Capital Market in Muradpur locality under Pirbahore police station following recovery of grenades in a carton there on Tuesday.Pirbahore SHO Asrar Ahmad said locals found a carton filled with plastic grenades used for training practice by CRPF jawans at Mokama. He said one Pramod Kumar, a licensed supplier and native of Mokama, who lives at Janak Kishore Road under Kadamkuan police station, had brought the consignment from Delhi to be delivered at CRPF camp, Mokama.Ahmad said the consignment was brought through a Kankarbagh-based courier at Rajendra Nagar Terminus in Patna. A thela-puller, Devanand, was carrying the cartons to deliver it to Pramod. \"One of the cartons fell from the thela at Khazanchi Road and someone picked it up and escaped,\" the SHO said. He said the man who picked up the carton left it in the lane behind Capital Market when he found grenades inside it. \"Panic spread in the locality on the news of grenades being found.\" Later, local police reached the spot and brought the carton to the police station. The carton would be handed over to the supplier as he has license to supply such goods.Criminals arrested: Patna Police arrested four criminals on Tuesday while they had assembled near Agamkuan bridge to commit a crime. SSP Alok Kumar said a police team comprising City SP Kim, SDPO, Patna City, Sushil Kumar and members of Special Cell carried out a raid near Shitala Mandir and arrested four criminals identified as Mohd. Faiyaz alias Disco, Panchanand Rai, Raj Gaurav alias Raja and Mohd. Raja.They later told police dutring interrogation that they had gathered there to rob a trader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11532020", "title": "Tiff over money triggered murder of live-in partner", "text": "NEW DELHI: While sentencing a 28-year-old woman to seven years' imprisonment for killing her live-in partner - a Nigerian - a trial court said live-in relations \"were alien to our nation...\" and seen as \"immoral\" in society.\"Despite all the developments granting a level of legal legitimacy to live-in relationship, it is largely perceived to be an immoral relation in our society,\" he said, adding that in the present case, the \"immorality of this relationship was further aggravated by unabated flow of liquor and smoke.\"Deciding the quantum of sentence of the convict - 28-year-old Zarzoliani from Manipur - the judge said there was nothing on record to show that her family had consented to or was even aware of her having a live-in relationship with deceased. Besides the jail term, the court also slapped a fine of Rs 7 lakh on the woman, directing the money to be remitted to the victim's family in Nigeria. In case, she does not pay, she will have to undergo simple imprisonment for another one year, the court said.The case pertains to Zarzoliani stabbing her partner Victor Okon Efflong, 28, to death as she did not approve of his withdrawing money from her bank account. Zarzoliani once worked in an orphanage in Manipur and had moved in with Victor in his rented apartment near the Delhi University . Zarzoliani was convicted of unintentionally killing Victor. The court said the act was not premeditated and was executed in the heat of the moment. The couple did not have any regular income and Victor's act of withdrawing money from her account was like a \"spark on a mound of explosives\".The ASJ also ordered a departmental enquiry by the DCP Central against Kishan Lal, the IO in the case, for sharing the details with the media during the trial and getting it published like a story in a crime magazine with his photograph, which the court called a move \"aimed at self glorification\". The court has called for an action-taken report within two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11532187", "title": "Liquor sale hits heady high in Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: Move over Kerala and Punjab. It's Karnataka which is now hitting a new high in the consumption of India Made Foreign Liquor () in the country.The state now appears to be holding the distinction of consuming the second highest quantity of IMFL. And it has clearly outperformed Kerala and Punjab which generally share the slot of highest IMFL consumption.During the financial year 2009-10, 389.97 lakh cases of IMFL were sold in Karnataka. This was way ahead of the 187.42 cases of the same category of liquor sold in Kerala and 242 lakh cases sold in Punjab. Only Andhra Pradesh was ahead of Karnataka, selling 412 lakh cases of IMFL that year.The IMFL sale in the state has been on the rise every year since 2006-07. It has grown by over 150% from the 153.61 lakh cases sold that year.A new high is in the offing during 2010-11. With 334.36 lakh cases of IMFL being sold in the first 10 months, for which statistics are available, the total annual figure is certain to be in the range of 400-plus lakh cases.A case of IMFL liquor consists 12 bottles each of 750 ml capacity.Excise officials are hard-pressed to explain the surge in sale. All that they say is it reflects the growth in population.GROUND REALITY DIFFERENTThe state's IMFL feat, however, contradicts the mood in the city. Bar licence holders are complaining that they are finding it difficult to clear the 54 cases of hard liquor that they have to mandatorily pick up.\"Pubs may not be able to sell enough hard liquor but local bars and retails are running full. Festive season or not makes little difference,\" said an excise department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11531816", "title": "Salem seeks stay on blasts, murder trials after Portugal SC order", "text": "MUMBAI: Underworld gangster Abu Salem moved the special Tada court on Tuesday for a stay on the trials in the 1993 Mumbai blasts and the Pradeep Jain murder cases after the Portuguese Supreme Court, while upholding a lower court order, revoked the extradition treaty between Portugal and India.The Portuguese SC, in a 43-page order on January 11, had rejected an appeal filed by the CBI as \"inadmissible\". In 2005, one of the main stipulations of the Portuguese government with respect to Salem's extradition under the rule of specialty was that he would not be given the death penalty or be charged under any section of law that could land him a sentence of more than 25 years.While the CBI has the option of filing an appeal before the constitution court in Lisbon , the agency has said the observations of the Portuguese SC would have no repercussions on Salem's status and the trials against him.Salem's lawyers said the CBI had been told to file its reply to his application and the matter was likely to be heard on Wednesday, the next date of hearing in the 1993 blasts trial.The CBI said the issue of violation of the rule of specialty was examined by the Indian apex court at length on Salem's petition. Disposing of his plea on November 10, 2010, the SC had held that there was no breach of the rule, particularly when compared to the extradition laws in the UK, the US and Portugal.\"Under such circumstances, while there will be no adverse impact on the proceedings, the Centre can file an appeal before the constitution court of Portugal,\" the CBI said.In 2011, Salem's counsel had approached the Portuguese high court after India's Supreme Court dismissed his plea in 2010 and upheld the Tada court's decision to frame additional charges against him for the 1993 Mumbai blasts. In September 2011, the Portuguese high court revoked the extradition saying the Indian government had 'violated' the terms of extradition. Following this, Salem's counsels moved the special Tada court seeking a stay on the trial.In October 2011, the Indian government moved the Portuguese SC, arguing that there was no breach of rules during his trial in various cases. In the wake of this appeal, the Tada court dismissed Salem's plea seeking a stay on the trials.At the time of extradition in November 2005, Salem was wanted in eight cases. He was brought to India with his friend, former actor Monica Bedi, who was later convicted in a forgery case and granted bail. Bedi had travelled on forged documents to be with Salem in Lisbon. The extradition was the end of a three-year legal process for the CBI and the Indian government which commenced in 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11534770", "title": "Cross-border smugglers use couriers for business", "text": "AMRITSAR: The smugglers in Pakistan are now known to be using the time-tested cross-border couriers for smuggling contrabands such as heroin, fake Indian currency notes, and arms and ammunition into India.This revelation was made after the preliminary interrogation of Pakistani cross-border courier Rashid Ahmad who is a resident of Waigal in Kasur district of Pakistan.He was arrested along with his accomplice Shaukat Ali of Narowal district on Monday night from near Malikpur Thobe border village.The two had crossed over to India from the area of Border Outpost Channan in Ajnala sector.Rashid was earlier arrested in India in 1999. He has been sentenced to six years in prison, two pistols and 4kg RDX were recovered from his possession.Intelligence sources said Rashid had developed close links with some local smugglers during his stay in the Indian jail, and had been using these contacts for his drug peddling business.Assistant inspector general of the state special operation cell, Surjit Singh, said the two accused had brought with them a consignment of heroin, fake Indian currency, and a pistol which they hid somewhere near the border.Some days ago, an Indian truck driver had brought a kg of heroin from a labourer working at Wagah (Pakistan).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11534460", "title": "Iron barricades in accident-prone areas to keep tab on speed limit", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Taking a serious note of three cases of road accidents in 48 hours that claimed the lives of six persons, the officials of traffic police department, on Tuesday, decided to install iron-made barricades on the identified accident prone pockets with an objective to check the speed limit of vehicles especially heavy ones.In fact, the death of three youths in a road mishap under Shivkuti police station on Monday night has shocked the traffic police department who further decided to install barricades to check the speed limit of heavy vehicles on Allahabad-Lucknow, Allahabad-Varanasi and Allahabad-Kanpur highways.These barricades would be installed on city areas so that drivers of heavy vehicles could not speed up their vehicles. As the restriction on no-entry zone lifts after 9 pm, the drivers of the trucks usually ignore the traffic norms and speed up their vehicles in city areas. This, most of the time, cause mishaps and two and four-wheelers used to fallen prey to the heavy vehicles.Traffic inspector, Indra Pal Singh told TOI that strict norms have been enforced as far as following the speed limit rules are concerned. He added that the traffic police would be issuing hefty challans or seizing the vehicles if the violators are found ignoring the rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11531661", "title": "One year on, jewel thief on train held", "text": "MUMBAI: Almost one-and-a-half years after a jewellery salesman was robbed inside a packed train coach, the Mumbai Central GRP on Tuesday traced the culprit and recovered ornaments worth Rs 3 lakh from him.Mozes Mhaske (30), who stayed at Behrampada in Bandra (E), has been booked in at least two theft cases.On September 15, 2010, Sukumar Salipalla was on a crowded local, carrying a bag with 56 g gold and diamond ornaments. Between Dadar and Elphinstone Road stations, Mhaske snatched Salipalla's bag and melted in the crowd.\"On Tuesday, we detained Mhaske on suspicion in another case. He confessed that he had stolen that bag,\" said senior inspector Shivaji Shinde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11533398", "title": "Bismarque, Matanhy stun Goan Catholics", "text": "PANAJI: Recent political developments have caused ripples among Catholics in the state. On the one hand a social activist priest Fr Bismarque Dias has thrown his hat into the electoral ring, while on the other hand BJP bagged the prized catch of Matanhy Saldanha who joined the saffron party last week.The first reactions to Dias' entry into politics were undoubtedly of surprise that later led to acceptance of his candidature. \"I am surprised that the priest has decided to contest. Bismarque is vocal and will fight for justice. But, he lacks money and muscle power, and the electorate is to be blamed for being more corrupt than the politicians. It will be an uphill task for him. But he will bring about a realization among the people,\" former speaker Tomazinho Cardozo told TOI. \"Hierarchically, it is not correct, but I think it is good that he has chosen to contest.He seems to be sincere about his goals. If he wins, time will tell if he will make a difference or fall prey to the pressures of politics,\" Margao-based cardiologist Francisco Colaco said. \"I don't look at him as a priest but as an activist. Whether as priest or layperson, he has a big heart for Goa and Goan issues and he has stepped out to stem the rot,\" Panaji physician Rufino Monteiro said.Assagao-based advocate and activist Shanti Fonseca justifies the priest's decision. \"Provided he has followed due procedure of canon law with his superiors, his integrity and commitment to people's causes is unquestionable,\" she said. It wasn't so straight a reaction where Saldanha's party hopping was concerned, though his leanings towards the BJP were known and most called him an opportunist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11532420", "title": "Mahila Congress members meet Deshmukh over seats for Muslims", "text": "MARGAO: The Goa Pradesh Mahila Congress Fatorda Block (GPMCFB) met member of the screening committee Shivajirao Deshmukh on Tuesday and submitted a memorandum seeking reservation of four seats for the Muslim community.\"The reservation of four seats should be done from any of the five constituencies of Fatorda, Navelim, St Cruz, Panaji and Taleigao,\" said Reshma Sayyad, GPMCFB general secretary, in a press release.Sayyad added that they had conveyed to Deskhmukh 'the need to nominate Muslim representatives in areas which have a BJP sitting MLA and where the Muslim population is a deciding factor\".According to GPMCFB members, Deshmukh, who incidentally is also the chairman of the Maharashtra Legislative Council (MLC), has assured them that justice to their community in the upcoming elections would be done and that loyal Congress workers would be given due preference.\"We further demanded that Goa be given a special status which Congress party president Sonia Gandhi herself had promised in 2007 as the identity of Goa has to be protected,\" added Sayyad. Sayaad further stated that if their demands were not fulfilled, she would quit her post as general secretary of GPMCFB.Amongst their other demands were grants for the Urdu Academy, implementation of a minority commission and that not more than one ticket be issued to a single family.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11532990", "title": "Synthite sets up new product division as part of internal rejig", "text": "KOCHI: Spices and natural products company Synthite Industries Ltd has set up a new product development division (NPD) early this month which will come up with value-added solutions for oleoresins and other export-oriented spice products of the company. Synthite Ltd Director Aju Jacob will lead the new division.The NPD has been set up by merging the Synthite Natural Specialties, R&D; and Technical Services divisions. The move is expected to bring out the synergies in these functions, Jacob said.\"The new division will study the application of products in specific segments of the food industry. Based on this study, we will develop standard products for each of these segments, which can then be sold to a large number of customers. The products so developed can be customised again to meet specific needs,\" Jacob said.While fine-tuning its search for new markets and to impart greater focus on growth areas beyond spices and oleoresins, Synthite is currently restructuring its operations forming new divisions to explore new opportunities and introducing more professionals in key positions.The NPD will have 33 people on its rolls. \"We are planning to build a new technology centre in Kolencherry and move employees there to foster an atmosphere that aids creativity,\" Jacob said. He also stated that Synthite would look beyond developing generic and customised solutions for flavour houses and develop standard products that cater to a wider audience in the food and feed industry.The company has identified dairy, confectionery, beverages, meat and fish, oil and feed segments of the food industry for the introduction of new products. As the company transitions into the next level of food applications, itThe company will build the NPD around four different classes of products - natural specialties (flavours), natural colours, anti-oxidants and health ingredients. \"The anti-oxidant market holds great potential. We are trying to understand the anti-oxidation properties inherent in foodstuffs like meat and seafood.\"Synthite presently markets its anti-oxidant brand under the tag of 'Neox'.The new division will also research the properties of curcumin, a phytochemical in turmeric, known for its medicinal properties, and make it available to more buyers, Jacob said. \"Curcumin gives turmeric its yellow colour and has been found to have wide-ranging applications in healthcare.Besides, natural colour extracts will be another focus of the NPD. We currently market marigold extract, and the NPD's work will lead to a wider range of natural extracts available to customers.\"The division will also have a market facing team to study opportunities in the market, and work with end customers to develop products meeting their specific requirements.The R&D; department will provide the research backbone, while the technical service team will develop suitable equipment, processes and products to launch commercial production.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11521491", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan gets sleepless over Karna", "text": "At an estimated Rs 200-crore, his next vanity project will be pitched to Hollywood biggies in exactly a month's timeSRK, we were told, had a meeting with his trusted lieutenants in Red Chillies, at his residence, and gave them a deadline.The presentation, say sources from the team, is about his next pet project, which is based on one of the most interesting and complex characters in the Mahabharat, Karna.In some of his recent interviews to foreign publications, SRK has also spoken extensively about his epic plans for the epic project, which will feature visual effects along the lines of Avatar. Now, with a month left for Berlin Film Festival, where SRK intends to pitch for his Rs 200-crore megafilm, the Red Chillies team is working round the clock to prepare the presentation.Each member, we believe, has been asked to give their own inputs for the interpretation of Karna's character, which according to sources, may be essayed by Khan himself. In many of his earlier interviews, SRK has confessed that he has always been intrigued by this epic warrior.The film will feature both Indian and Hollywood actors, and SRK is hoping to find a big-ticket co-producer for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bhadohi (up)", "code": "11535697", "title": "Principal arrested for attempting to rape student", "text": "BHADOHI (UP): The principal of a primary school in Muktapur village has been arrested for allegedly trying to rape a nine-year-old girl in the school campus, police said.The incident took place yesterday when the girl was in the school and Principal Manishankar Chaubey tried to rape her, they said.The accused was later arrested by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11532032", "title": "No Cong, no BJP, no third front: Karat", "text": "KOLKATA: Learning it the hard way from the 2009 Lok Sabha elections when voters rejected the party's much-touted third front slogan, the CPM is not going into any such electoral misadventures. After all, the party's stymied strength in West Bengal doesn't allow such things. CPM general secretary Prakash Karat this time is not aiming it big.Karat has kept the draft political resolution of the coming party congress to strengthening of the Left forces and entering into a loose-ended adjustment with other secular forces without projecting any national alternative.However, the draft political resolution that the CPM general secretary placed for discussion in the opening day of the CC meeting in Kolkata on Tuesday leaves no scope for return to the UPA I mode when the CPM and the Congress had come to an adjustment to keep the communal BJP at bay. The argument Karat gives is that the Congress and the BJP pursue the same neo-liberal policy that has marginalised millions all over the world.Pointing to the finance capital-dominated capitalist regime, the CPM general secretary recounted at a seminar on Tuesday how Prime Minister Manmohan Singh insisted him in 2005 to allow FDI (Walmart) in retail. \"Later, Walmart CEO came to West Bengal and met Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee. After the meeting, Bhattacharjee apprised the PM about his fears on the entry of FDI in retail. We stopped the entry then. It has come on the agenda again,\" Karat said. He welcomed the Trinamool Congress decision to oppose FDI in retail but wondered whether the party was sleeping for all these years.The CPM's draft political resolution calls for engaging with the masses, particularly the unorganised workers and the peasantry who have been the worst-hit in the neo-liberal regime along with others. The draft political resolution that will be debated in the CC takes a middle path between two extreme trends within the CPM - the one, fewer though, that looks for some sort of an adjustment with secular forces including the Congress and stay afloat in electoral politics, and the other who see electoral isolation of the Left as an opportunity to take the party out of parliamentary cretinism.The draft political resolution also deals at length the emergence of identity politics. It maintains that the Left should address the genuine aspirations and sentiments of communities instead of trying to brush them under mechanistic class concept. At the same time, the CPM draft warns against the mishandling of identity politics that is often leading to dividing the downtrodden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11531393", "title": "Insensitive cops upload gory accident on Facebook", "text": "HYDERABAD: An insensitive Hyderabad traffic police posted on a social networking website the video of a gory accident that took place on the city roads on Tuesday morning. The video shows a 19-year-old girl on a scooter jumping the red light and getting mowed down by an RTC bus. The victim, Ritika Agarwal, a resident of Rakabganj and B Com first-year student of Aurora Degree College in Chikkadpally, is in a critical condition in a private hospital.The accident took place at 7.30 am at Nampally's Mozamjahi market crossroads. Despite the traffic signal from Begum Bazaar to Abids having turned red, the girl in her scooter is seen jumping the signal by avoiding two oncoming cars only to be hit by an RTC bus proceeding towards Begum Bazaar from Nampally. Due to the high speed collision, Ritika was thrown off the vehicle and her head rammed on to the road. As she was not wearing a helmet, the teenager suffered severe head injuries.The footage of the accident, which was beamed on the city traffic page on Facebook, runs until the point a few people gather around the victim after the accident. The images were captured by the surveillance cameras at the traffic signal.What the traffic police seem to be missing is that in wanting to prove their point that the girl had jumped the red light and invited the accident upon herself, it has become completely insensitive to what trauma and agony the family members of Ritika are going through. With a severe head injury and in a critical condition, the victim has been kept under 48 hour observation in the ICU of Care Hospital at Nampally. \"There is no guarantee that those who saw the video will become ruleabiding road users, but it is certain that the traffic cops have traumatized the victim's family and all others by posting the video. Senior heads should roll for this inhuman act,\" said a parent disgusted after seeing the video. \"This is a clear human rights violations. Anybody in their right senses would not put up such gory pictures for public viewing,\" said Sai Prakash, an executive in a private firm. C V Anand, Additional commissioner, traffic, Hyderabad, was not available for comments.But the deputy commissioner of traffic, Ashok Kumar sought to the justify the police action. He told TOI: \"In the past also we have put up such videos where rule violation is the cause of the accident.\" Many Facebook users blamed the traffic police for not being present at a busy traffic junction during rush hour on a week day. \"There should have been a traffic constable at least to monitor the traffic. Just by saying that the duty starts at 8.30 or 9 am is not an explanation. People do not start for their offices or schools at 9 am,\" said Rahul Dwaraka Gowlikar. Meanwhile, the cops booked a case under section 337 (causing injuries due to rash or negligent act) of the IPC against the RTC bus driver Mahmood who is absconding.The traffic police under the leadership of C V Anand has become hyper active of late. But analysts pointed out that this hyperactivity is limited to fining drivers supposedly jumping traffic signals, a move that fills the coffers of the police department. But Anand and his colleagues are mysteriously silent about illegal use of red and blue light by so called VIPs whom the police assist by clearing traffic on busy roads. \"Bringing violations to book and sensitizing the drivers is good. But if they have the guts, let them book the illegal red and blue light users,\" said an incensed citizen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531677", "title": "Fire breaks out in JNU hostel room", "text": "NEW DELHI: A major fire broke out at a room meant for hostellers in the girls' wing of the Sabarmati Hostel located in the centre of Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU). The fire was reported on Tuesday morning from room number 21 on the ground floor of the left wing of the hostel. The other wing of the hotel is designated for male boarders.\"We got a call at 8.17am alerting us about the fire in a hostel room. Two fire brigades were immediately sent to the spot and the fire was finally brought under control by 9am. The entire room was charred,\" said a senior Delhi fire department officer. Meanwhile, cops said that the exact reason behind the fire is yet to be ascertained. \"Prima facie, it seems that the fire began after a room heater (which authorities have banned in hostel rooms for years but the ban is never followed) malfunctioned,\" said a police officer.Shreya Pandey, a research scholar at JNU later shared her experience on a popular social networking site alleging four girls in other rooms were trapped and that it was not until the arrival of the police and the fire brigade that the students were rescued.\"A major fire broke out...one room was completely gutted. Fire brigade and police arrived late despite us students calling them up continuously. No fire extinguishers worked initially. The smoke even travelled upstairs and four students were trapped inside,\" Pandey wrote.P K Anand, another research scholar from the School of International Studies said that though a student was sleeping in the room when the fire began she woke up and managed to rush to safety. Students claimed that it was the faulty electrical wiring at Sabarmati that was to blame.\"We belong to an international university but our hostel rooms are ill-kept and ill-maintained. There had been another fire five years ago on the second floor but no corrective steps were taken after the incident,\" said another student from the School of Languages who refused to be named. The south district police is investigating the case further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11536208", "title": "Diary Of Common Man", "text": "CreditsDirector: Dr Swaroop Savanur Cast: Virendra Saxena Writer-Producer: Shiva Joshi Release: Direct to DVDSynopsisToday's Common Man is confused, puzzled, half happy, half sad face. Yes, that elusive character who is the real Lord and Master of this country, the guardian of our political freedom! is depressed and bemused. Yet we find today that the common man is languishing in the shadows of anonymity. Hunted by the brokers of power and prestige we find him at the periphery of decision making circles. It is high time we sat up and took notice of him, for he is the one who makes this country tick!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11531451", "title": "Temple deity\u2019s jewellery burgled", "text": "HYDERABAD: Burglars gained entry into a temple located in KPHB Colony Phase III and escaped with Rs eight lakh worth jewellery on Tuesday.According to the KPHB police, thieves gained entry into Vasavi Kanyaka Parameswari temple on Monday night by breaking the main door lock. \"Thieves stole 15 kilos silver and two tolas of gold adorned on the deity. Though there were CCTV cameras at the temple, none of them was working,\" KPHB inspector G Baswa Reddy said.The theft came to light on Tuesday morning when the priest arrived to open the temple. The issue was brought to the notice of temple administration. Based on a complaint lodged by temple trust chairman Kumaraswamy, the KPHB police on Tuesday booked a burglary case under Section 457/380 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11532231", "title": "MCI team inspections GCS medical college", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of the Medical Council of India (MCI) carried out an inspection at the undergraduate medical college run by Gujarat Cancer Society (GCS).The college was sanctioned 150 medical seats last year. Officials said that the MCI carried out a routine inspection and will submit its report to the council.Staff were present in full strength at the new college which has been recently granted permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11531605", "title": "Action likely on bogus coaching centres", "text": "HYDERABAD: Thanks to the massive recruitment drive taken up the state public service commission (APPSC), a number of coaching centres have mushroomed in the city overnight. But a majority of these centres are not following the guidelines prescribed by the commission while providing coaching to their students. According to officials, just about 414 of the 3,600 institutions are registered and authorized to give coaching to students.According to APPSC officials, about 500 coaching centres have come up in the city since the past three months after the government's announcement for the new posts. Many of these centres are located in Hyderguda and Nallakunta areas, officials said. As per the state's education act, each of the coaching institutes should take permission from the department of the higher education to conduct classes. Especially in the case of public service examinations, the syllabus has to be approved by the APPSC.Alarmingly, each of the coaching institutions are charging anywhere between Rs 20,000 to Rs 25,000 for about six months of coaching for APPSC Group I and Group II examinations. Officials said that some of the coaching institutions are charging up to Rs 45,000 for six months of coaching even as they do not follow the prescribed syllabus . APPSC officials are also planning a crack down on these bogus coaching institutes. \"We have received complaints from students that many of these coaching institutes are not following prescribed syllabus. They just conduct a few classes and provide the students with old question paper. Many students feel cheated once they don't clear the examinations,\" said Poonam Malakondaiah, secretary, APPSC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "11535031", "title": "Eight poachers arrested in Chirang", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Forest department officials arrested eight persons including a minor boy in Chirang Reserve Forest near Sampur river for poaching two barking deers and three wild boars (scheduled III animals) under Ultapani range on Monday night. The poachers were arrested during the patrolling of Ultapani forest range staff in the forest.The DFO of Haltugaon Division, Dr C Ramesh said the arrested persons belonged to Runikhata area of Chirang district. The minor boy was handed over to his guardian and the others were sent to judicial custody on Monday. He also said on January 14, another five persons were apprehended in the same range for illegal felling of trees inside the forests by the Ultapani staff and were also sent to judicial custody.In the last week, attempts were made to encroach near Khungring in Laopani block and Saralbanga block of Ultapani range but such attempts was ruined by the staff of the forest department. In fact, ten persons were arrested for illegal felling, clearing of forest and encroachment of forest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jhajjar", "code": "11534255", "title": "Information officers default on fine payment, get away with it", "text": "JHAJJAR: The violation of the provisions of the RTI Act on the part of the state public information officers (SPIOs) by way of denial or delay in furnishing information invites financial monetary penalty. But in Haryana, there are instances where SPIOs have not paid the fine and it seems have got away with it. According to information, a number of SPIOs who have been fined by the state information commission ( SIC) on being proved guilty of delaying or denying information to RTI applicants have not bothered to pay the fine.And in the absence of rules for further action and due to the lenient view taken by the commission, these officials have walked scotfree, even though they have not paid the fine. The commission can direct the concerned departments to initiate disciplinary action against such officials.According to information got under the RTI Act, 134 SPIOs were penalized by the commission during 19 months - from January 2010 to September 2011 - of which 77 officials did not bother to pay fine.Subhash, state coordinator of Haryana Soochna Adhikar Manch, maintained that such officials are an impediment in the proper implementation of the Act and must be punished. He demanded that provision of imprisonment be incorporated in the RTI Act for such defaulters as the commission fined them only after holding them guilty of violation of the RTI Act.Some of the defaulting SPIOs and the amount they were fined are as follow:DEEO (district elementary education officer), Yamunanagar, Rs 8,500; XEN, pro division-PWD B&R;, Jhajjar Rs 25,000; XEN, public health engineering division No.1- Panipat, Rs 10,000; XEN Public Health, engineering division, Narwana, Rs 25,000; registrar, co-operatives, Haryana, Rs 25,000; principal, Shaheed Udham Singh Nursing College, Ratia, Rs 25,000; XEN, public health engineering division, Charkhi Dadri, Rs 25,000; district social welfare officer, Sonipat, Rs 25,000, deputy civil surgeon, Jind, Rs 10,000; sarpanch of Khataila Saria, Palwal, Rs 15,000; sarpanch, Sanwar village (Bhiwani), Rs 15,000; executive officer (EO), Gurgaon, Rs 15,000; XEN, public health, Narnaul, Rs 25,000; XEN, public health, Bhiwani Rs 25,000; XEN, public health division 2, Bhiwani, Rs 15,000; CEO, Sirsa Cooperative Milk Producers Union Ltd, Rs10,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11532949", "title": "Watchman from Assam murdered by colleague", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 20-year-old youth from Assam, who worked as a watchman at the construction site of a real estate company in Veerapandi near Periyanaickenpalayam here, was killed on Monday evening by a fellow worker following an altercation over who would do the night shift. The deceased has been identified as Rohim Khan, son of Sherkhan, from Unapur village in Assam.According to police, Rohim Khan was murdered by his colleague Sapan Sarkar, whose whereabouts are yet to be known. Both were watchmen at a construction site owned by RM Real Estate Property Developers.At around 6.30 pm on Monday, Rohim and Sapan had a heated argument over who would do the night shift. Though they failed to reach at a consensus, Rohim slept at a make shift shed built at the site. Sapan murdered the sleeping Rohim, hitting him with an Iron rod on the head. Rohim died on the spot with severe injuries on his head. Sapan fled. Mustafa, another watchman from Manipur, reached the spot later and found Rohim in a pool of blood. He then informed the police.According to police, Rohim came to Coimbatore one month ago and was recruited by a private security agency. He was deputed at the site along with Sapan and Musthafa by the agency. All of them were accommodated in a makeshift hut near the site.Though the private security agency has all the details of Rohim, there was nothing on Sapan. It seems that the security agency had provided him a job without verifying his documents. Periyanaickenpalayam police have registered a case and are on the lookout for Sapan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11534046", "title": "Rural India going to private schools: Report", "text": "CHENNAI: The overall enrolment in private schools in the country has gone up from 18.84% in 2006 to 26.09% in 2011, says the Annual Status of Education Report (ASER) 2011, released by Pratham Foundation, an NGO. Academics blame poor infrastructure and lack of teachers in government schools for this trend.\"There is no village without a matriculation school now. All government schools have been downgraded by the government, and parents are pulling their children out of government schools because of poor infrastructure and no teachers,\" says educationist S S Rajagopalan. Many say there is greater accountability, awareness and responsibility towards providing quality education in private schools when compared to government schools.The survey was conducted in rural areas including small towns. ASER 2011 says northwestern states like Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan have recorded high enrolment in private schools. Since 2006, these numbers have gone up by 15-20%. In the northeast, Assam and Arunachal Pradesh were moderate, Tripura low, and Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland and Manipur high in courting private enrolment.In the east, with traditionally low enrolment in private schools, there has been a 20% increase in enrolment in such schools. In Bihar alone, the number of students enrolled in private schools has been decreasing.The major enrolment story is in Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh. There are several reasons why government schools in Tamil Nadu should attract children- the mid-day meal scheme, the activity-based learning, etc. Yet, the rate of enrolment in private schools has gone up from 19.15% to 26.6% since 2006. \"It appears that Tamil Nadu is not able to convince parents that government schools are better. Is this only because parents associate some kind of a status with private schools and are not concerned with what goes on in the classroom?\" says a volunteer who participated in the survey for Pratham.There is also a disconnect between what parents want and what the government is prepared to give. Educational consultant K R Maalathi says, \"English-medium education is a big draw in small towns. Parents want their children to call them 'mummy' and 'daddy' and speak in English.\"But higher enrolment does not necessarily mean quality of education in all private schools is up to the mark, says Maalathi. Many private schools pay little attention to primary sections and focus on helping those in higher grades score high marks. This is a major reason for children developing the habit of learning by rote, leading to poor performance in tests like the Programme for International Student Assessment.However, unless regulation prevents it or suddenly a large population starts believing in neighbourhood or common schools run by the government, the proportion of children going to private schools will keep increasing, say experts. The question is how far?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "11530966", "title": "Four vehicles burnt in fire at Vashi parking lot", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Three bikes and a car were destroyed after a fire broke out in an open parking lot near Inorbit mall in Vashi on Tuesday evening.Fire officials said the cause of fire is not known. They suspect that a spark in a WagonR parked there may have caused the fire.Asked if they suspect foul play, deputy chief fire officer Vijay Rane said, \"At present, we don't think there was any mischief. The bikes were parked very close to the WagonR which, we suspect, first caught fire.\"Vashi fire brigade personnel rushed to the spot and put out the blaze. No one was injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11535796", "title": "Marriage festivity turns into mourning: Man shot dead accidently", "text": "BHOPAL: A 28-year-old man was accidently killed when a marriage party from Bhind opened fire as part of jubilations at a wedding ceremony on Jail road under Kotwali police station area in Tikamgarh district, police said.According to the police a marriage party had come to state public health engineering department sub-engineer Ambika Dutt Samadhia's residence late Tuesday night when the incident took place. Someone opened fire, killing electrician S Khan, who was working near the entrance gate of the wedding, they added.Khan sustained bullet injury in his chest and died on the spot. Police have taken three persons into custody in this connection.Moreover, after going through the video footage of the wedding, police are also looking for an army personnel Krishna Avtar Sharma and two others who they suspect had fired from a 12 bore gun, killing the electrician on the spot.Police have registered a case under section 304 IPC for death due to negligence against the unidentified persons.Police are looking for an army personnel and two others who they suspect had fired from a 12 bore gun that is believed to have killed the man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11535035", "title": "JSCA axes players for fudging age registration", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Jharkhand State Cricket Association (JSCA) has suspended six budding players for manipulating registration rules.The tournament sub-committee of the JSCA has found six of its U-19 players, including two from the winning Giridih team, guilty of furnishing false identity. The move came close in the heels of axing non-residents players.\"Prima facie, these players have been found guilty of manipulating registration rules and hence the (tournament) sub-committee has decided to suspend these players for two years from all forms of cricket tournaments in the state,\" said Manoj Kumar , the chairman of the sub-committee.Admitting that there could be more such players in different age group teams, Kumar said preliminary probe had caught six players and an inquiry into the matter was on.\"It is likely that there are more such players in different age group tournaments, but since the inter-district (U-19) plate group tournament is the first event of the current season, we have come across irregularities in U-19 tournament so far,\" said Kumar.Aryan Jadhav and Vivek Singh are from the winning Giridih team, while Pankaj Singh (Ranchi), Amardeep Yadav (Khunti) and Harvinder Singh (Jamtara) are among the six players who have been banned for the two years.Aryan and Vivek, who represented the district in U-19, were also registered for the Randhir Verma trophy by providing false names. The rest of the players have been found guilty of representing different districts without seeking no objection certificates from their home districts. \"The committee will issue show-cause notice to the districts and seek clarification for irregularities,\" said Kumar.Recently, the state cricket association amended its selection by-laws to prevent outside players from representing the state in the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI )-mandated domestic tournaments.\"All we want is genuine representation of promising talents in the district and state levels,\" said JSCA secretary Rajesh Verma .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11532300", "title": "Disqualify Narvekar, or else allow me to distribute cash: Salkar", "text": "PANAJI: 'In case the election authorities do not disqualify Aldona Congress MLA Dayanand Narvekar for violating the election code of conduct, then it should also give me permission to distribute money to some sports clubs as I intend to contest the upcoming assembly elections from Bicholim constituency,' Shekhar Salkar, former Goa cricket association member, demanded on Tuesday.In a letter to the office of the chief electoral officer, (CEO) Altinho, Panaji, Salkar prayed for the permission within 48 hours to distribute money and sports kits \"through my club where I am president.\" Speaking to mediapersons, he alleged that this is exactly what Narvekar had done.Referring to Narvekar's alleged press conference on December 28 after the code of conduct came into force on December 24, Salkar asked whether a sitting MLA can hold such press conference and announce that he will distribute cash just because he happens to be president of a club.Salkar pointed out that if this is allowed, all who want to contest elections will distribute money or other goodies to the voters through their friends or their club secretary. Salkar has demanded Narvekar's disqualification pointing out that \"giving warning has no meaning as he has already distributed kits and may have given cheques which can be encashed in March.\" Salkar has warned that if Narvekar is not disqualified than this trend will continue which will make a mockery of the election commission.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11532875", "title": "GMH-16 admits negligence", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a case of major embarrassment, Government Multi-specialty Hospital in Sector 16, has on Tuesday admitted the negligence of its doctors in transfusing wrong blood to Suman on December 16, 2010. However, the hospital authorities denied its liability to pay compensation under Consumer Protection Act.This has been stated in the written arguments filed on Tuesday in UT State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission, Chandigarh, by Sanjay Kaushal, who is the senior standing counsel for Chandigarh administration. The hospital said it is not covered by the Consumer Act as it is not rendering 'paid' services.The written arguments read that the three guilty doctors, Kirti Sood, Navdeep and Manpreet are liable for medical negligence as per the conclusive findings of the inquiry report.However, opposing the plea, Pankaj Chandgothia, counsel for Suman, said in his written submissions that the hospital had itself shown the category of patient as \"paid\" in its OPD card dated November 10, 2010 and it also charged fees for the blood transfusion from husband of the complainant Deshraj. He further contended that the hospital was vicariously liable for the negligent acts of its employee doctors.Chandgothia had earlier filed a compensation claim of over Rs 98 lakh on behalf of Suman and her family against the hospital and the three doctors. The commission, after taking on record the arguments of both sides, adjourned the case to January 31 for final arguments and also gave last opportunity to the counsels for the three guilty doctors to also file their written submissions by that date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "godhra", "code": "11532273", "title": "Modi to go on peace fast at Godhra", "text": "GODHRA: A decade after 59 kar sevaks aboard the Sabarmati Express were killed at Godhra railway station, Narendra Modi is taking his peace mission, the Sadbhavana fast, to Godhra, the ground zero of the 2002 riots, in the hope of ridding himself of the Hindutva tag.Modi is leaving nothing to chance to ensure maximum turnout of Muslims during the fast. A maulvi and mufti will assist Muslims coming for the event to offer Friday prayers at an enclosure right next to the Sadabhavana venue. The day-long fast will be held on January 20.Ramjani Zuzara, president of BJPas minority cell in Panchamahal said,\"Besides special arrangements to perform a\u02dcvazua before the prayers, the enclosure will have carpeting to keep it dust-free.\" Zuzara belongs to the powerful Ghanchi community which dominates areas like Signal Falia and Polan Bazaar, home to most train carnage accused.As this town, with a sizable Muslim population, gears up for Modi's show, attempts are being made to rope in as many minority community leaders as possible. Through Sadbhavana, Modi is wooing Muslims in what many see as his gameplan to get a bigger role in national politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11536426", "title": "London Paris New York", "text": "CreditsDirector: Anu Menon Cast: Ali Zafar, Aditi Rao Hydari Producer: Shrishti Arya, Goldie Behl Banner: Fox Star Studios Genre: Romantic Comedy Release Date: March 2, 2012SynopsisLondon Paris New York is a film that captures the angst of the twenties, the most dramatic period of one's life - when you have to find a career; you have your first significant relationship and most importantly form your identity in this world.This is story about Lalitha, a middle class south Indian girl from Chembur (an eastern suburb in mumbai) who is on her way to New York to study politics with full scholarship, and Nikhil, a punjabi, rich kid from Bandra (a posh western suburb of Mumbai - read new money) who is going to study Film Making in London on 100% dad's money. They decide to hangout together one evening in London and find that they are completely drawn to each other even as their future lies on separate continents.The film follows their personal journey and their love story as they meet in London, Paris and New York for a night each over eight years. The film is in three chapters and each chapter will be shot in a manner that mirrors the mental state of Nikhil and Lalitha.. The three bridges on the three rivers - Thames, Seine and Hudson witness the three states of love.Music is integral to the film and takes form according to the moods. The three cities also give a dramatic canvas to create different exciting themes. Pop -Romance in London. Electronic Sufi in Paris. Blues-rap in New York. Blended in with Indian true bollywood style.The dialogues are natural and fresh and you get a sense that you are eavesdropping on these two characters. The film is romantic but not sentimental in the least. Even though there are discussing a lot of meaningful stuff, the film is always underpinned by humour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11535600", "title": "Shanties gutted in Habibganj fire", "text": "BHOPAL: Another incident of fire was reported from the city on Tuesday. A dozen shanties were gutted in a fire which broke out in a slum settlement near Habibganj Railway Station. On Monday, in a similar incident, a dozen shanties were gutted in Kolar area.Half-a-dozen fire tenders took around two hours to douse the fire. The exact cause of fire is yet to be known.As the fire spread , people ran out of their houses to safer places. However, no one was injured in the fire, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11533885", "title": "Tough day for police as kids play lost \u2019n\u2019 found", "text": "CHENNAI: S Rajan has never before had so much faith in Chennai police. On Tuesday evening, he almost lost his six-year-old daughter in the Kannum Pongal crowd that had gathered on Marina Beach.\"My niece was playing with my daughter. In an instant, Rakshana, disappeared at around 7.30pm,\" said Rajan. \"After searching for 15 minutes, I got a call from the police about the missing child,\" he said.On Tuesday, the police handled over 145 missing children cases at Anna Square alone and eight at Srinivasapuram and Marina. All of them were returned to their parents within minutes, police said. \"With over 1.5 lakh people visiting the beach since morning, we handled the crowd really well,\" said joint commissioner S N Seshasai.The police also took up innovative measures to make sure that the children were returned to their parents in the shortest time. \"For the first time, we set up a raised platform so that the missing children can easily be visible from the ground,\" said deputy commissioner of Triplicane S Bhaskaran. Public address systems were also set up at an interval of 500 metres.Sakthivel from Chintadripet didn't know what to do when his two-year-old sister went missing. \"She was crying and walked off somewhere,\" said Shaktivel. \"But within ten minutes, we heard our names being called and we went to collect my sister,\" he said.The police strengthened their numbers and took help from students of Presidency College for crowd management.Even the traffic was better handled this year. The police had planned to make traffic diversions according to crowd behaviour. \"But we didn't have a reason to do so. Though the crowd was the same compared to last year, we learnt from our experience and did a better job this year,\" said additional commissioner of police (traffic) Sanjay Arora.On Tuesday, the police handled over 145 missing children cases at Anna Square alone and eight at Srinivasapuram and Marina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11529633", "title": "Consumers' panel fines IDBI for poor service", "text": "AKOLA: Akola District Consumers Disputes Redressal Forum has directed Industrial Development Bank of India (IDBI) here and its retail asset centre in Nagpur to jointly pay Rs 15,000 as compensation and Rs 1,000 as cost of complaint to Narayan Chavan of Akola for deficiency in service. The order was passed by the forum headed by Premchand Mishrikotkar and member Nanda Larokar.The forum observed that the rejection of loan was not proper when the complainant had submitted an application in printed format of the bank which had taken process fee and demanded title certificate and property valuation report. It was observed that the complainant was physically, mentally and financially tortured and that the bank should have informed him about the rejection of loan.Advocate Jayesh Kothari, counsel for the complainant, argued before the forum that IDBI did not respond to the notice given to the bank. The complainant had fulfilled all the requirements of the bank. It had later opined that a loan of Rs 3 lakh would be sanctioned.However, after fulfilling requirements by the bank, its retail asset centre at Nagpur rejected the loan application. The complainant had paid Rs 1,500 as advocate's fee, Rs 3,500 to bank's engineer and Rs 2,758 as processing fee.In its defence, counsel of the bank RR Deshpande said that whatever amount the complainant had paid was administrative fee.Observing the deficiency in service and torture of the complainant, the forum granted Chavan compensation and cost of the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11531724", "title": "Top cop gets biker arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: The Marine Drive police arrested a 26-year-old biker for rash and negligent driving on Monday. The arrest came after police commissioner Arup Patnaik spotted the youth whiz past him on Marine Drive while he was overseeing renovation work at the Police Gymkhana.Patnaik called up the traffic control room and alerted officials about the biker. Within minutes, around 15 cops cordoned off the area and stopped the youth, identified as Ali Sabooni, a resident of S V P Road in Mandvi who is involved in his family business. \"The cops told me that CP-sir had informed them about a speeding biker. I was taken to the police station and my vehicle was seized,\" said Sabooni.After Sabooni reached the police station, the commissioner called up and wanted to speak to him. \"It is not every day that the top cop calls you. He told me that I was probably doing 180 kmph. He advised me against doing so,\" said Sabooni.The police said he was riding an expensive bike, which costs around Rs 16 lakh. Sabooni was let off on bail immediately; the bike was released later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11536424", "title": "Sugar surplus likely to hit industry", "text": "PUNE: The International Sugar Organisation's estimate about 45 lakh tonne surplus in the global market is set to hit the Indian sugar industry, including Maharashtra.The Indian Sugar Manufacturers' Association has said that the Indian sugar industry has so far produced 1.04 crore tonne of sugar till January 15 in the current season, which is around 17 lakh tonne more than the production in the same period in 2010. Sugar production during that year was 87.68 lakh tonne.Sugar production in states like Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra and Karnataka, is 22% more than what it was the previous year. The country is set to produce 2.6 crore tonne sugar this year. Moreover, 59 lakh tonne stock from last year still remains. As against this stock, the domestic consumption is estimated to be 2.4 crore tonne. The excess stock of some eight million tonne is likely to bring down the prices in the domestic market.Speaking to TOI from Delhi, Sanjay Banerjee, head, media and communication of Indian Sugar Manufacturers' Association, said, \"The increased supply from Thailand , rise in domestic sugar production in Pakistan and Russia , and surplus production in western European countries - which was so far an importer of sugar - has made the international market sluggish. There is little chance of international prices going up.\" He added that Thailand's estimated production is 1.01 crore tonne, where as the domestic consumption of the country is around 25-30 lakh tonne.The number of sugar factories in India crushing sugarcane as on January 15, 2012 was 516 in comparison to 498 as on January 15, 2011. The annual turnover of the Indian sugar industry is Rs one lakh crore of which Rs 55,000 crore is spent on sugarcane payment, said Banerjee.Ajit Chaugule, managing director of Maharashtra State Cooperative Sugar Factories' Federation Ltd, said, \"The current international prices of sugar are around Rs 28,000 per tonne as against Rs 27,200 per tonne in the domestic market. No sugar exporter will release the stock in the market at such low profit margin. The Union government on December 2 permitted a quota of 10 lakh tonne for exporting sugar, of which orders for four lakh tonne have been issued so far. However, it is not known as to how much of it has actually been shipped out of the country.\"He added, \"The export orders can be executed within three months from announcement. But due to the discouraging market trends, the industry is likely to face a critical situation.\"EoM/ND", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11530549", "title": "Three US stand-up comics to bridge racial divide", "text": "MUMBAI: Stand-up comedy, that latter day purveyor of soft power, has become diplomacy's preferred peacetime offering.Art films and dance recitals no doubt do their bit to further cultural understanding, but a comic can, with one fell swoop and a calibrated punch-line, unite a contrastive crowd in laughter like nothing else can.The State Department has brought to India a stand-up act that will resolve any residual doubts about the south Asian immigrant experience that Gurinder Chadha hasn't already explained away. The act is called Make Chai Not War, where the call to arms (the brothers-in-arms kind) basically campaigns for understanding across races.\"It is because the US government recognizes the power of free speech that they are sponsoring the show,\" says Rajiv Satyal, who, along with fellow comedian Azhar Usman, originated the act in 2007. \"Governments may have their diplomatic desires, but we as American artistes cherish our right to free speech. At the end, comedian is just a guy and his ideas,\" says Usman.So will ethnic stereotypes be flogged here too? There could be some self-abuse, but nothing injurious to health. \"Context is important,\" says Hari Kondabolu.Make Chai Not War will on run Wednesday at YB Chavan auditorium, at 8pm. Entry free, on a first-come-first served basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11531399", "title": "Security plan for polls ready: Police", "text": "NOIDA: The top brass of the police on Tuesday took stock of the security plan for the upcoming assembly polls in the district. The city police and district administration, represented by DIG Jyoti Narayan and district magistrate Hirdesh Kumar, tabled the plan before the Meerut range IG, Rajeev Krishna, and commissioner, Bhuwnesh Kumar, in a meeting in sector 38 around 3pm.Rajiv Krishna told TOI that the meeting was held to ensure security arrangements as per the EC's directions and the security plan will soon be submitted to the commission. \"The police and administration started the exercise to comply with the same,\" Krishna added.The Noida police have demanded 32 PAC companies and other paramilitary forces, 486 sub-inspectors, 314 head constables, 2,452 constables, 2,640 home guards, 342 chaukidars to aid them in conducting trouble-free elections.The UP police have submitted a list before the EC demanding closure of all liquor outlets in bordering areas of Haryana and Delhi on February 27-28. The police have also demanded strict vigil on Delhi and Haryana border areas from where illegal liquor, weapons and cash can be supplied in large quantities to areas in western UP. DIG Jyoti Narayan said, \"Within a couple of days, the entire picture would be clear in terms of security during the elections.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11536251", "title": "Gujarat Lokayukta case: Cong accuses Modi of hypocrisy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress today used the Gujarat high court order on Lokayukta to attack chief minister Narendra Modi , saying the verdict was another judicial confirmation of his \"hypocrisy\" and the \"double standards\" of BJP.Party spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said while the BJP shouts for Lokpal from the rooftops in Delhi, it not only keeps the Lokayukta position in its state vacant for nine long years but also further \"delays\" it by challenging the joint nomination for it made by high functionaries like Gujarat governor and state Chief Justice.Reacting to the Gujarat high court upholding the appointment of Lokayukta by the governor, Singhvi told PTI, \"This is yet another judicial confirmation of Modi's hypocrisy and double standards of BJP...The high court has rightly rebuffed such stalling and obstructionist tactics.\"\"BJP has always believed that what is applicable in Delhi should not apply in Gujarat and what is okay in Gujarat is bad for Delhi,\" he said.Gujarat governor Kamla Beniwal had appointed Retired Justice R A Mehta on the post of Lokayukta on August 25 last year. The post was lying vacant for eight years prior to that.The Gujarat government, led by Modi, had gone all out to oppose the appointment of Lokayukta by the governor for \"bypassing the state government\".On October 11, a division bench of Gujarat high court had given a split verdict on the appointment of Lokayukta by the governor. While Justice Kureshi had upheld the decision of Governor, Justice Gokani had quashed the warrant of appoint issued by the governor terming it unconstitutional.Justice V M Sahai, who was given the task of hearing the petition challenging the appointment of Lokayukta following the split verdict by the division bench, said, \"I could not agree with Justice Sonia Gokani of the division bench on the points of difference, which were referred to me.\"He, however, said that, \"I concur with the views of my brother judge Akil Kureshi....Hence, the government petition is dismissed\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11531637", "title": "Sec 37 flyover to open by month-end", "text": "NOIDA: Commuters facing a harrowing time at the busy sector 37 intersection due to the construction of a flyover and an underpass are soon set to get a breather. The nightmare at the intersection will soon reduce as construction of the 750m-long flyover is complete and likely to open for the public on January 31.Noida Authority officials say the construction of the flyover has been completed nine months before its stipulated deadline. Currently, only \"finishing touches\" are being given to the four-lane single carriageway. \"We are contemplating opening the flyover around January 31, but will finalize the date later. However, the flyover will definitely open by month-end,\" an official said.The sector 37 flyover starts from the slip road on the Kalindi Kunj side and take a right turn towards the Dadri road alongside sector 44. Once operational, it will benefit traffic moving from the Kalindi Kunj side in Delhi to Dadri as it links the Mahamaya Flyover in Noida to the Dadri-Surajpur-Chalera (DSC) road leading to Greater Noida. This project is the last among seven flyovers planned for the city as part of Master Plan 2021.Although the project was delayed by a couple of months due to the Commonwealth Games in 2010, its contractors claim they \"raced against time to complete the project before its stipulated deadline.\" As this crossing is one of the busiest junctions -four major roads that host traffic flowing in from Delhi, from the Atta market, via the toll bridge or the service road, and from Kalindi Kunj converge here - the Authority is also constructing an underpass on the stretch that is likely to be completed by August this year.Once both the flyover and the underpass become functional, traffic coming from Delhi via Kalindi Kunj and headed towards sectors 37, 39, 40, 41, 51, 53, 62, Indirapuram and Greater Noida will enjoy seamless flow. Those commuting from Noida to South Delhi areas like Sarita Vihar and Nehru Place via the Kalindi Kunj Bridge will also benefit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11535933", "title": "Syria violence: Obama calls on Assad to step down", "text": "WASHINGTON: Expressing his dismay over the continued and \"unacceptable\" level of violence in Syria, US President Barack Obama has urged the country's president Bashar al-Assad to step aside.\"Unfortunately, we're continuing to see unacceptable levels of violence inside that country,\" Obama said in his joint press conference with the visiting King Abdullah of Jordan.The two leaders had held meeting at the White House discussing a range of regional issues including the situation in the region, the peace talks between Israel and Palestine and the situation in countries like Yemen and Syria, besides Iran.Obama reiterated that the US will continue to consult very closely with Jordan to create the kind of international pressure and environment that encourages the current Syrian regime to step aside so that a more democratic process of transition can take place inside the country.\"We talked about the importance of us continuing to consult closely together to encourage the Palestinians and the Israelis to come back to the table and negotiate in a serious fashion a peaceful way forward.And the Jordanians have taken great leadership on this issue, and we very much appreciate their direction on this issue,\" he said.The US president also lauded the king for his efforts in guiding political reform inside Jordan and for responding to the legitimate concerns and aspirations, both political and economical, of the country's population.\"We also talked about a number of regional issues, including Iraq and Iran, but uppermost on our minds right now is the issue of Syria,\" he said.In his remarks, King Abdullah appreciated the historical support that the two countries have enjoyed.\"And again, our personal friendship, which is very, very strong, has allowed us to look at the challenges that the Israelis and Palestinians face,\" he said.However, Abdullah added that the US and Jordan are in coordination on regular basis to solve the impasse the two nations share on the Israel and Palestinian conflict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11530874", "title": "Oprah makes the most of Maximum City", "text": "MUMBAI: India means business for American talk show host Oprah Winfrey . Ever since she landed in Mumbai on Monday morning, Oprah has been moving around with her crew capturing every aspect of the city for her new series, Oprah's Next Chapter.On Tuesday, Oprah, accompanied by Shantaram author Gregory David Roberts, went around Colaba. Roberts told TOI, \"She came to interview me and I took her to all the places in Colaba where I had lived and worked. She also met some people from the area.\"During her visit to 2nd Pasta Lane in Colaba, Oprah was greeted by the family of one of Roberts' acquaintances, Rajesh Hegde. Rajesh's wife performed an aarti before Oprah entered their house. Roberts said, \"I have worked with Rajesh.\" Asked if Oprah had announced to make a donation to the Hegdes, Roberts said, \"Not at the moment.\"Oprah contacted Roberts before she arrived in India. \"She asked me for a list of people she should meet for her India series. I gave her the names, but it is up to her who she wants to interview. All the interviews will be conducted in Jaipur.\"Talking to the media, Oprah said, \"I am doing a story on India. I wanted to see all aspects of the country to get a broad view of what it's like to be an Indian. What I love the most about this country is the tolerance of its people. How families love and live together.\"Later, she went to Nepean Sea Road to meet a businessman who runs an educational institute. Oprah is supposed to visit Dharavi on Wednesday, but Roberts said, \"I don't think she is going there now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11531699", "title": "IIT abuzz over couple\r 's sperm call", "text": "MUMBAI: A Chennai couple is looking for an \"IITian's sperm\", something that has left the institute's students amused as well as annoyed across the country, including those studying on the Powai campus.An article on the couple's demand-made through an online advertisement-was carried across newspapers in Chennai. Soon, the news spread like wildfire on IIT campuses. Networking sites were also abuzz with comments from students.The report says the couple is looking for a sperm donor for an in-vitro procedure. \"Ideal candidate(s) should be IIT students, healthy, no bad habits, tall and fair if possible, but will consider the right donor regardless of looks, etc. Compensation is Rs 20,000 cash. Call or email ASAP. Please help us start a family filled with love and prosperity. References will be required and checked,\" the advertisement reads.The couple's demand evoked mixed reactions among IIT-Bombay students who read the report. While some dismissed the advertisement as silly, others found it absurd and even annoying. One of the students said: \"It is bizarre. Such things are happening and being highlighted, too.\"\"IITians are not the only intelligent ones around. Also, it's not that those who get into IITs are bound to be intelligent,\" said another student. \"Absolute rubbish,\" said a pupil, angrily.Striking a sarcastic note, an IIT-Bombay alumnus said if the couple was so conscious about specifications, it should look for an \"IIT+IIM\" donor. \"It is sad to know that our society still believes in such tags.\" \"It seems people have found an easy way out-if you cannot get in to an IIT, just get an IITian's sperm for your child.\"Some people chose to highlight the monetary aspect. \"The amount promised is attractive,\" said a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11536826", "title": "MHT-CET to be held on May 10", "text": "PUNE: The last of the Maharashtra Health and Technology - Common Entrance Test (MHT-CET), the combined entrance test for engineering, pharmacy and health sciences degree courses in the state, will be held on May 10.The state director of medical education and research (DMER) has issued a notification declaring that the MHT-CET 2012 will be held on May 10. \"A detailed programme, including the schedule for submission of pleas, will be announced soon,\" stated the notification issued on January 16. The DMER is the competent authority for the entrance test.The announcement comes against the backdrop of the prolonged debate, which prevailed for last six months, over the National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET), which the Medical Council of India (MCI) initially proposed to conduct from academic year (AY) 2012-13 in a bid to have a single entrance test for medical degree courses across the country.Maharashtra, along with Assam, West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, had opposed introduction of NEET from 2012-13 on the ground that students would require some more time to switch over to the new system and get fully acquainted with the syllabus prescribed by the MCI.On December 19, 2011, the MCI told the Bombay high court that it would not implement the NEET from AY 2012-13, but would do so from the following AY 2013-14. The court was then hearing a bunch of petitions filed by the state government, the Association of Medical Colleges and some students.Speaking to TOI on Tuesday, officiating DMER Praveen Shingare said, \"We (the state government) have given our commitment to the Central government that we will be part of the NEET from 2013-14.\" In a letter to Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad , chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had also said that the NEET be introduced from 2013-14.Effectively, the MHT-CET will have to go forever from next year. The combined entrance test, which annually draws over 3 lakh professional course aspirants from the state and outside Maharashtra, was introduced from AY 2004-05 following the Supreme Court's landmark verdict of August 2003 regarding fees and admissions to professional courses.It's not just the engineering, pharmacy and health sciences courses, but the MHT-CET score is also considered for admissions to the veterinary science sciences course (BVSc and AH).The enrolment for MHTCET in 2011 had gone up by 6.10%, from 2.85 lakh students in 2010 to 3.02 lakh students in 2011. While the test is conducted by the DMER, the centralised seat-allotment process, after the results, is conducted independently by the DMER for the health sciences seats and by the director of technical education (DTE) for the engineering and pharmacy seats.The state has close to 325 engineering colleges, which collectively account for over 1.21 lakh seats. Similarly, there are more than 300 health sciences institutions including those offering medical, dental, homeopathy , ayurveda , unani and siddha studies while the pharmacy colleges are numbered around 150.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11536398", "title": "Capital to try out foreign waste processing models", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government is planning to set up new waste processing units in the city modeled after some successful waste processing mechanisms from foreign countries.The models have been proposed by the technical committee constituted by the Shuchitwa mission to study waste processing mechanisms in foreign countries.The models include an integrated processing plant,modern bio-methanation unit and pyrolysis or gasification unit.\"All these models do not have any odour or leakage. It would not even need additional land for filling the sanitary waste,\" said a top official of Shuchitwa mission on the sidelines of a seminar on garbage treatment held here on Tuesday.The official explained that the government is now trying to identify ideal locations for installing these new plants. The plants will be set up on public-private partnership basis. Each plant will have a capacity to process 25-30 tonnes of waste per dayThe technical committee has also proposed for the setting up of a leakage-free waste plant in Kochi. \"The idea is to promote source level waste treatment along with high capacity projects.Two-three mega plants will be set up at key locations in the city. Besides the government will provide subsidy for every household interested in decentralised waste management,\" he said.He revealed that a 500 tonne capacity mega waste treatment plant will soon come up in Kochi. The project report for the initial phase has already been completed.The seminar was jointly organised by Local self government and district panchayat. Mayor K. Chandrika who spoke on the occasion called the closure of Vilappilsala plant a violation of democracy.Representatives of 64 residents associations and owners of flats, hotels and auditoriums participated in the seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11531818", "title": "Bengal govt is against SEZ, says Partha Chatterjee", "text": "KOLKATA: An inter-ministerial board of approval (BoA) statement said: \"Videocon Realty &amp; Infrastructure Limited was granted formal approval for setting up of a sector specific SEZ for IT/ITeS at Dabgram, Jalpaiguri, West Bengal, over an area of 10 hectares, vide LoA dated 19th May, 2009. The SEZ is yet to be notified.\"It further said: \"The request of the developer for withdrawal of formal approval is placed before the BoA for consideration.\"The BoA, chaired by Union commerce secretary Rahul Khullar, will consider this request on January 24.Bengal IT minister Partha Chatterjee said: \"We are against SEZ in principle. But the government is in talks with Videocon for IT hubs in the state and we are optimistic about those projects.\"Swarup Roy, head of the state IT promotion cell, told TOI: \"In general, de-notification and re-notification are usual phenomenon. If a project is under the SEZ banner, the scope of the developer to rent out space to anybody narrows. The developer has to remain focused on companies with good exposure in exports. But if it is outside the purview of the SEZ, the developer can rent it out to anybody.\"Consumer electronics major Videocon is also setting up an IT Park in Salt Lake for an investment of Rs 750 crore.This announcement comes just after the six-day Bengal Leads 2012 organized by the state government to attract more investment to the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11536380", "title": "Tharoor and mayor lock horns over waste issue", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Mayor K Chandrika has not taken kindly to MP Shashi Tharoor's statement that the city corporation has abrogated its responsibility to deal with the garbage crisis.In a statement, the Thiruvananthapuram MP suggested an immediate reopening of the Vilappilsala garbage treatment plant and said the city corporation controlled by the LDF for the past 32 years has failed its people.\"The tragedy is that, during the past three decades, the Corporation has frittered away the advantages of having inherited a fairly well-ordered civic system....The residents of Thiruvananthapuram and its environs are no less civic-minded than those in other cities. It is just that they deserve a corporation in which they have confidence and one which can provide the proper leadership and action,\" he said in a press release.Citing the offer of the Council of Barcelona, for signing a twinning agreement which could have benefitted the city, he said: \"The Corporation let go of opportunities that have arisen to access up-to-date technologies and systems available in other places. If that proposal (twinning agreement) had not been callously brushed aside on purely political considerations, Thiruvananthapuram could have benefitted from expertise and technologies being used in Barcelona for tackling such problems.\"The mayor said Tharoor must be the change he wishes to see. \"I wonder if Tharoor has ever visited Vilappilsala and how does he dispose the waste generated while in his apartment building? Lofty speeches aside, if garbage is playing on his mind then he should consider setting aside some money from his MP's fund to tackle the issue. He has not offered us one rupee.\"Reiterating her stand on the Barcelona twinning project she said: \"Norms have to be followed and we needed a green signal from the Union government to initiate the process. Despite having written to the then Union urban development minister S Jaipal Reddy and to Thaoor's office for clearance on a draft agreement, no acknowledgement was received.\"Tharoor suggested the government do not give up on the Vilappilsala treatment complex at a time when only work amounting to Rs 2.5 crore of the total Rs 13.58 crores for the setting up of the modern plant has been completed. He also said the residents of Vilappilsala, who wish to relocate, should be fully assisted by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11532144", "title": "Ahatas razed, booze business falls flat in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Days after the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) demolished illegal open drinking joints (ahatas) in the city, the excise department has expressed its concern about possible loss of revenue due to this.Department officials say that they have received complaints from liquor vendors that they are losing business after demolition of ahatas. As many as six ahatas have been demolished in the past two months by HUDA under direct supervision of chief administrator Praveen Kumar .\"These drinking joints were functioning illegally at prime locations in the city. They were also law and order concerns,\" said a HUDA official. On the other hand, liquor vendors have a different story to tell. Said a liquor shopowner on MG Road, \"We have paid crores of rupees to get licences for these vends. The business has come down by half after authorities demolished the ahatas.\"And the excise department is not very happy. \"Those who paid crores of rupees as licensing fee would not like to see any loss of business. They have approached us but we can't do much in this case,\" said an excise department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11531484", "title": "HGA denies digging up graves at Naya Qila", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Golf Association that is developing an 18-hole golf course at Naya Qila said on Tuesday that it has no objection to the chemical testing of the soil around Mustafa Khan Mosque to ascertain whether there existed any graves. \"If graves are found, we will protect them,\" captain of the HGA managing committee Asadullah Pasha said.Denying that they are destroying the historical site, HGA officials claimed that by developing the golf course, the association has in fact prevented the area from further encroachment. They were speaking at a press conference against the backdrop of a sustained campaign by heritage activists who have charged the HGA with changing the contours of the place as well as denying the right of common folk to enter the site.The HGA members denied any destruction of graves near Mustafa Khan Mosque. \"We have not taken over graves, mosques or any property that has not been given to us legally. We are only licensees and not the owners. Our efforts have actually helped create a lung space in the concrete jungle that Golconda Fort area has become due to encroachments,\" said Pasha.Showing photographs, Dayakar Reddy, honorary joint secretary, claimed that prior to golf course development, the Jamalikunta lake (in the vicinity of which 9 holes of the golf course have been developed) and surrounding areas were filled with garbage. \"Twenty feet of garbage surrounded the lake. Activists have alleged that we have shrunk the lake when we have actually cleaned it. We treat the lake water and reuse it to ensure its conservation,\" he said.Responding to the charges of changing the contours of the area he said, \"We have laid sand measuring three inches in height and spread it on the ground for grassing, as directed by the high court,\" he said. The members also claimed that despite repeated efforts to hold discussions with activists, their efforts have failed.Jasveen Jairath of Forum for Better Hyderabad, meanwhile, termed the claims of HGA as untrue. \"The sand that was spread on the ground measures more than what the HGA members claim. It is also incorrect to say that we are not prepared for discussions with golf course members as we have met them on earlier occasions,\" she said.Denying wakf reports that graves exist around Mustafa Khan Mosque, Pasha said, \"The first survey was not a joint survey as ordered by the high court. How can they (activists) say that we have destroyed graves when in reality we have cordoned off existing graveyards to protect them? There are no records of graveyards around the mosque and no evidence of use of the area in the last several decades.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "11535157", "title": "Evolving as a 'naturalist' with lenses", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: Like renowned English poet William Wordsworth is known as a \"naturalist\" for the close attention he paid to physical environment, Amrit Prakash Singh, 56, of Sarabha Nagar has a similar approach to his art and could well be termed a \"naturalist\" for his pictures clicked over four decades. Of late Amrit's lens has been addicted to leaves, flowers and landscape.The interest for photography sprouted in 1970 when he started clicking pictures of anything he found amusing. Later, when Amrit joined Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) in 1974 for graduation, the lush green surroundings in the varsity left him in awe. With a variety of subjects at PAU, Amrit clicked numerous pictures of foliage, trees and landscape and became quite popular among the students during this period for his work with lenses.The PAU campus enchanted Amrit so much so that he went on to do his post graduation as well from PAU. \"During my post graduation period I had diversified my subjects. I used to capture sports, industries, and even weddings. Of more than 50,000 pictures Amrit has clicked so far, about 1,500 are his favourite.Some of the prominent exhibitions where his snaps have been displayed and appreciated were organized by Punjab Lalit Academy, All India Fine Art and Craft Society and International Indian Photo Council. \"I spent two years clicking different phases of Canna leaves and the work was well acclaimed by admirers,'' said Amrit. The next in line is covering the cycle of a wheat plant through his pictures.\"A part of me constantly thinks as a photographer and whenever I encounter a potential subject, I don't miss to click. This passion is a source of relaxation for me and I wouldn't ever part with it,'' said Amrit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11530845", "title": "NMC's night shelter finally finds takers", "text": "NAGPUR: Mahesh Shende (30), a resident of Dhamnewada in Gondia district, had come to Nagpur in search of a job on January 10. He had just Rs150 with him, and could not find a job before the money ran out.After he exhausted all his money, on January 12, Mahesh decided to return home. He went to the railway station, where the railway police personnel caught him travelling without a ticket. Mahesh had to spend a night in the GRP lock-up. Later, with no money, he had no option but to spend a night under the flyover in front of the station, where he came to know about the night shelter.Adhering to a Supreme Court order, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) in association with city-based NGOs Sahara Bahuddeshiya Sanstha and Sahyadri Foundation have jointly set up a night shelter to accommodate homeless people. They provide succour to at least 40 homeless people (all men) at Buty Marathi Girls' School on Temple Bazaar road, Sitabuldi. On Monday night, TOI visited the shelter and found eight occupants.Most of those at the shelter were like Mahesh. A group of youngsters - Aatish Gawai, Rahul Bagde and Akash Gaidhane - from Amravati district were in the city to appear for the police recruitment exam at the Police Ground. As they hail from poor families, they could not think of staying in a hotel.\"We had decided to spend the night at the railway station. So, we went and purchased three platform tickets to spend the night there. Then we saw a pamphlet about the night shelter there, and decided to check it out,\" they said.NMC social welfare officer Sudha Iraskar said the centre had been set up with civic body's funds earmarked for the development of the poor.The civic body has converted a non-functioning school into a night shelter, which is equipped with basic facilities such as potable water, toilets for men, bedding and medical aid. The building consists of four small rooms with an attached toilet, and a room kept aside for the office. Each room has 10 beds, so the shelter can accommodate 40 people.The centre was inaugurated in December last year and so far over 377 people have benefited from the scheme. It is open for homeless people, especially those who spend the night either on the roads or in bus stands or railway stations, from 7pm to 9am.\"Initially, there were no takers for the shelter. Some people who used the shelter initially returned to their villages. The NGOs then suggested during a meeting with the corporation that banners should be put up about the night shelter facility across the city,\" said Devendra Kshirsagar, one of the volunteers.Though volunteers from the NGO bring people to the centre, only corporation officials or police have the authority to admit people to the shelter. He said that most people were not aware of the shelter. \"We have also put up pamphlets at important places, like outside major hospitals, railway station and MSRTC bus stop in Ganeshpeth,\" he said, adding \"We have also urged Sitabuldi, Ganeshpeth and Imambada police stations to guide destitute people to the shelter.\"Iraskar said NMC is also planning to open another shelter for women. Since identity cards have been made mandatory for those wishing to stay at the night shelter, NMC will install a digital camera and a thumb impression machine at the shelter, to keep a record of the people staying there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11532350", "title": "Politics is not hereditary", "text": "PANAJI: Goa is moving backwards in time to the Italian type mafia or elected monarchy. Politics is becoming a private club or a family affair. The criteria to enter this club are the number of criminal cases one has registered against oneself. The other criteria is 'winnablity', which is just another name for money and muscle power.Should Goa be run in the years to come by a few political families? Are we not allowing democracy to be hijacked by a few families? Practically every party leader is grooming his son or daughter to take over. Assembly seats are now being described as \"hereditary family\" seats. The family name is no guarantee that their presence in the assembly will make Goa a better place. In fact a single family having more than two members in the assembly is in a position to blackmail the government and this is not in the best interest of the state. The need of the hour is to send a message to politicians that we will not tolerate violence and anyone is free to enter the election arena.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11536867", "title": "Qualifying test devised for realty brokers", "text": "PUNE: The Estate Agents' Association of Pune (EAAP) has devised a test for real estate brokers who intend to become its members.EAAP president Govind Bhagchandani told reporters on Tuesday that RE-MET (Real Estate Membership Entrance Test) is an entrance level test mandatory for aspiring real estate consultants who wish to be members of the association. It is an online test, developed and offered by National Association of Realtors - India (NAR - India) of which EAAP is a founder member, Bhagchandani added.The test module shall attempt to create a clear qualitative difference between its members and any other practicing real estate consultants, he said. The existing members of EAAP would also have to clear the test, he said, adding that the process of existing members taking the test has already begun.Bhagchandani said anybody can take the test and obtain a certificate from EAAP.EAAP vice president Kishen Milaney said the association is also planning to start a 'Customer Redressal Cell', where it will look into the complaints made by customers against their members and mediate to solve the problems.He said as part of its Silver Jubilee Celebration, EAAP has planned a seminar 'Marketing Real Estate (Best Practices)' at Hotel Sun &amp; Sand on January 19. The association will also release its EAAP directory at the hands of CREDAI (National) president Lalit Kumar Jain on January 21, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11532189", "title": "Lawyers divided over boycott of work", "text": "JAIPUR: There were dramatic scenes at the high court and the lower court premises on Tuesday, as the lawyers appeared divided over the decision to continue boycott of judicial work.Advocate general GS Bapna led the team of additional advocates general and government advocates to participate in the court functioning at the high court in an apparent disagreement with the Bar associations that have given a call to boycott judicial work till January 23.The protesting lawyers, however, forced advocate general GS Bapna and his team to make a retreat.At a joint general house meeting of the high court and the district court bar associations later in the day, the elected representatives declared that a boycott of judicial work by the entire lawyers' fraternity would be enforced from Wednesday onwards.The city lawyers have been abstaining from participating in the court proceedings following the death of one of their colleagues Murlidhar Yadav who allegedly committed suicide on January 1.On Tuesday, advocate general GS Bapna and his team members appeared in the court of chief justice Arun Mishra around 10 am and expressed their willingness to resume work and argue litigations.Soon after the other lawyers persuaded Bapna to come out and discuss the issue of the lawyers' demands from the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11532409", "title": "Silent killers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This might be the best city to live in India but there are a few black spots that need to be dealt with. One contentious issue is pollution.Contrary to popular belief, vehicular pollution on city roads and industries emitting black smoke from chimneys are not the only pollutants. According to researchers, there are many more 'culprits' that pollute the air we breathe. Even a brick kiln located outside Bopal or a power plant in Gandhinagar will be capable of polluting the city's ambient air quality.These are silent pollutants which emit particulate matter of less than 10 micrometers in size (PM10). Power plants, dusty roads and brick kilns are some of the other pollutants.These factors were highlighted by a study named 'Urban air pollution and co-benefits analysis in India' published recently for six Indian cities, including Ahmedabad, Surat, Rajkot, Pune, Indore and Chennai.The study was conducted by New Delhi-based research group UrbanEmissions.Info to understand the sources of air pollution in these cities and also projected pollution rate in 2020. As per the study, all six cities exceed the annual ambient standard of 60 ug/ m3 (micrograms per cubic meter) of PM10.In 2003, the city was branded as the most polluted in the country. Since then many changes have been made like introduction of CNG autorickshaws and BRTS. But, the PM10 threat is yet to be addressed effectively. The researchers say that BRTS and its cycle track could hold the key to resolving this issue in future.Sarath Guttikunda, founder of UrbanEmissions.Info who also developed statistical tools for the project told TOI, \"Ahmedabad has a high level of PM10. Here, pollution comes from a variety of sources - power plants and brick kilns surrounding the district. We often believe that vehicles moving in immediate surroundings contribute to the pollution in cities. However, a plant or a kiln away from the city can also affect Ahmedabad considering the wind direction.\"Guttikunda added, \"While Chennai has almost the same size and more industries, sea breeze blows PM10 away from the city, reducing the suspended particulates in the air. Going by the PM10 levels in Ahmedabad, the estimated premature deaths due to pollution is likely to be 4,950 as compared to 3,950 in Chennai.\"The PollutantsThe five main pollutants responsible for majority of the health hazards in Indian cities are particulates (PM), sulfur dioxide (SO2), nitrogen oxides (NOx), carbon monoxide (CO), and ozone (O3). According to the study, consequences of exposure to these pollutants range from premature mortality to aggravated morbidity effects such as respiratory problems, asthma , chronic bronchitis and oxygen deficiency in blood.The SolutionAs per the study, the need of the hour is an air quality management plan which looks at a mix of policies to promote public transport, walking and cycling, improve efficiencies of industries, power plants, and brick kilns, and controls dust on the roads, for better air quality in the cities.The study also highlighted the fact that a better transport system such as BRTS and less dependency on open burning for cooking or waste disposal is expected to reduce pollutants in air. While Ahmedabad emitted 35,100 tons of PM10, it is expected to decrease a bit in a decade and reach to 31,800 in 2020, says the study", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11534985", "title": "Endless wait for mariner Vishal Kumar's body", "text": "RANCHI: The family of Vishal Kumar, who died during treatment in Venezuela on January 13, is still waiting for his body to arrive in Ranchi.Rakesh Kumar, the younger brother of the deceased, said Vishal worked as an electrical engineer with a US-based multi-national shipping company and sailed for Venezuela from Mumbai on November 25 last year.\"On December 30 we got a call from his Mumbai office. The woman officer informed that Vishal was sick and admitted to a hospital in Venezuela. The next day we got the number of the hospital where he was admitted in room number 14. I immediately called the hospital but was not able to get information as the person on the other side was not fluent in English. But this much we could gather that Vishal was suffering from dengue and jaundice,\" said Rakesh.On January 11 the doctors attending on Vishal informed that he was recovering. All of a sudden two days later someone called from his Mumbai office and said that Vishal had passed away.\"Since then we have been making efforts to get his body. First we were told that the body will reach Ranchi in three or four days. Today we got a mail saying we should ask the Indian embassy to get in touch with the Venezuela government for a no objection certificate for the transportation of the body,\" said Rakesh.Officials told him that it may take another 10-15 days for the body to arrive in Ranchi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535829", "title": "Yuvan: Hunting for the perfect song!", "text": "Coming up with tunes that are different with every film can be a challenge for any composer. But for Yuvan Shankar Raja, it has been a breeze.Starkly different from his earlier superhit scores for Lingusamy's film Paiyaa, the music of his latest film Vettai has delighted music buffs and how! Says Yuvan, \"For me, the important thing was that the audience did not connect the songs of Vettai with those of Paiyaa. They had to be completely different as the film itself belongs to a totally different genre. I can safely say I have managed to create something different.\"Working with Lingusamy, Yuvan says, was a wonderful experience. \"Both of us connect really well. He's the kind of director who gives me my space and is not too interfering. He just lets me do my job. It's been a smooth sailing mainly because we share a wonderful working equation. Plus, I know exactly what he wants,\" he says.The film also sees Yuvan in the avatar of a crooner! Although he has sung for some of his films in the past, the composer has debuted as a folk singer this time around with the hugely popular Papapa... number. \"It was a new experience for me, singing a folk number. But I must admit it was a lot of fun though. Initially, the song, which is a peppy folk number, was supposed to be the introduction song. After recording the number and seeing the way it turned out, Lingusamy decided to include the song at a later stage in the film.\"Vettai, produced by UTV Motion Pictures and Thirrupathi Brothers, opened to the audience on January 14 across the globe, and trade reports show the film is rocking the box office as family audiences find it to be a complete entertainer. Yuvan signs off, \"The audiences are lapping up the film as it offers them wholesome entertainment and a joy ride for this Pongal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11536847", "title": "Student booked for planning his own abduction", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police on Monday booked a 17-year-old engineering student for trying to extort money from his father by staging his own abduction and demanding a ransom of Rs 10 lakh.As soon as the boy's father received the call demanding ransom around 11 am on Monday, he informed Haveli police. With the help of the anti-extortion cell of the crime branch, the Haveli police swung into action and teams were prepared to trace the student as well as the abductors. The drama of fake abduction finally ended when the police traced the student near a restaurant on Sinhagad Road around 7 pm.The police said the student resorted to staging the abduction drama to return Rs 50,000 he had borrowed from his friends.Namdeo Kauthale, assistant inspector, Haveli police station, told TOI that on Monday around 11 am, a builder from Dhayari came to the police station and lodged a complaint that his 17-year-old son has been abducted and the suspects are demanding Rs 10 lakh for release him. \"He also told us that the abductors had threatened to kill his son if the money was not given to them,\" Kauthale said.The police started their investigations immediately and the anti-extortion cell of the Pune police was also informed. \"We searched the suspects as well as the youth at different parts of the city. In the afternoon, the abductors called the builder again and told him the place where he should leave the bag containing the cash,\" Kauthale said.The police laid a trap at the spot, but no one came to collect the bag. Later, the abductors called the builder and told him to keep the bag at another location. \"We again laid a trap, but none came claim the bag,\" Kauthale said.Around 7 pm, the police managed to trace the youth near a restaurant on Sinhagad Road. \"The youth initially told the police that, the abductors released him and fled from the spot. When we thoroughly questioned him, he confessed that he had planned his own abduction,\" Kauthale said.At a party recently, the youth had borrowed Rs 50,000 from his friend. To repay the money, he had planned his own abduction. \"On Monday morning, after he left for college, two of his friends called his father. At the time, the student was with them. They then went on the terrace of a hostel near a private engineering college on Sinhagad Road and stayed there till evening. They made the subsequent calls to his father from the terrace of the hostel,\" Kauthale said.He said the police have detained the student and one of his friends. The other friend is still absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11531722", "title": "Sushil Modi raps RJD leader for remarks on Durgawati project", "text": "PATNA: Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi on Tuesday castigated RJD MP Jagdanand Singh for his statement that the NDA government in the last six years could not extract a drop of water from the Durgawati reservoir affecting the local farmers in Rohtas and Kaimur districts.Modi said that Singh, who was water resources minister of the RJD government which ruled Bihar for 15 years from 1990 to 2005, could do nothing in this regard. The Durgawati project was conceptualized and started in 1975 by the Congress government which remained in power till 1990 and it joined the RJD government later, but the Congress government could do nothing to implement the project for creating irrigation potential of 33,467 hectares of land in Kaimur and Rohtas districts. At this juncture, Singh as water resources minister failed to start in real terms the reservoir project, he added.The RJD government had, rather, compounded the problem by transferring 64.75 acres of forest land in Kaimur district for Durgawati project without getting clearance from the Union ministry of forest and environment, Modi said, stating that this had made the Centre to stay the project. The Supreme Court (SC) had also stayed the project and directed action against the state officials responsible for transfer of forest land for the project without clearance from the Union ministry, he added.The SC had in 2008 directed the Bihar government to seek clearance from the Central forest and environment department to start the project. As per the SC order, the Centre had given principled sanction for the project, setting 22 conditions for the state government to fulfill to start the project. The state government had fulfilled all the conditions by December 28, 2011, to get the project okayed by the Centre, Modi said. But before this, CM Nitish Kumar had, during his Sewa Yatra in Kaimur district, a telephonic conversation with the Union forest and environment minister for getting clearance for the project, Modi said.For this project, diversion of 2029.802 hectares of forest land has to be made in Rohtas and Kaimur forest division. This included the already diverted 64.75 hectares of land. The Bihar government had in a letter dated November 3, 2009, sought prior approval of the Central government under Forest (Conservation) Act, 1980, for diversion of forest land. For this, the Forest Advisory Committee had given its approval in April, 2010, subject to fulfillment of certain condition by the Bihar government, which furnished the compliance report.The project was started in 1975 with an estimated cost of Rs 25.30 crore and by 2012 the estimated cost multiplied to Rs 1064.428 crore. Meanwhile, the farmers were denied irrigation facility, Modi said, quoting the state government white paper on the project. To fulfill the conditions of the Union forest and environment ministry, the state government handed over 2029.802 hectares of non-forest land for afforestation to create forest conserve areas which would be demarcated with pillars. A good amount of money was allocated to compensate losses caused due to the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11532124", "title": "No hunger deaths in tea gardens: Bengal labour minister", "text": "KOLKATA: Labour minister Purnendu Bose on Tuesday denied that the recent deaths of six workers in the closed Dheklabari tea garden in Jalpaiguri were due to starvation.Workers of closed tea gardens will now get monthly wages, the minister announced.\"According to the district magistrate's report, the six deaths were not out of starvation but from illness. The tea workers received wages in November and December and get it in January, February and March as well. So, there cannot be any starvation deaths. The allegation that tea workers have not received money is completely false,\" the minister said, adding that North Bengal development minister Gautam Deb told him that the workers have aso received money under a state scheme for workers of locked-out industries.Apart from monthly wages, tea workers will be paid a one time sum of Rs 15,000, Bose said.Relief material has been sent to tea gardens twice in the last five months and a medical camp is also being held each Tuesday.However, tea unions do not agree with the minister. Bablu Mukherjee, general secretary of the National Union for Plantation Workers, said that the new government has taken the same stance to starvation deaths as the previous Left Front government. \"A starvation death cannot be proven medically. Workers of Dheklapara are indeed suffering from malnutrition,\" he said.Giaul Alam of the 'Cha Bagan Majdur Union, a Citu-affiliated union, said that conceding starvation death is difficult for any government. \"What they are overlooking is that workers there are suffering from diseases because they go without adequate food. The government lacks the initiative to address the problem,\" he said.Bose said that on receiving news of alleged starvation deaths in Dheklapara tea garden that is closed since 2002, the department immediately asked for a report from the district magistrate. \"The allegation against us is politically motivated. Any death is unfortunate, but playing politics over a death is not at all desired,\" Bose said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11533621", "title": "Teen girl who eloped with Kerala man goes missing", "text": "CHENNAI: A 16-year-old girl from Kochi, who eloped with a 22-year-old man from Guruvayur in May last year, has disappeared from a house in Porur where the couple lived till a month ago. The Kerala police came to Chennai in search of the girl after the man, Shafeeque, left her and returned to Guruvayur, only to be arrested there.A police team led by inspector K Raju, came to trace K Lakshmi, but the residents in the locality said she had gone missing from the house.\"We have so far inquired with more than 500 people. A television actor called Meena told us that she had seen the girl on an MTC bus at Vadapalani,\" police inspector K Raju said. Shafeeque, who met Lakshmi while he worked at a petrol bunk in the city, eloped with her in May last year. Based on the complaint of the girl's father Kumar, Kochi police registered a girl missing case.The two stayed at lodges in Kovalam and Vadapalani before finding accommodation with a man called Raja who works for TV serials. Raja allowed them to stay with him for more than two months. During this period, Lakshmi played some minor roles in some serials and Shafeeque worked as a driver.Later, they rented a house in Porur along with supporting actors Mahi and Meena. Police said Shafeeque returned to Guruvayur after a fight with Lakshmi. The Kerala police nabbed him and slapped charges of kidnap and rape.The Kochi police have requested people to pass on the information by calling Palarivattom police station (0484-2345850) or the inspector on 09497980425. Information can also be passed on to the Maduravoyal police on 9840139599.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11535534", "title": "Two arrested for killing BSF jawan", "text": "KANPUR: After more than a month, two persons were arrested in connection with the murder of a 30-year-old BSF jawan in Ramabai Nagar.Border Security Force jawan Harvijay Singh, kidnapped on December 11, was found murdered near Misirpur village in Ramabai Nagar on December 13. The assailants had dumped his body in a paddy field after smothering him to death. The police said that the jawan was murdered because he refused to divulge the password of his ATM card that was looted by the robbers.According to police, the arrested persons were identified as Omi and Shrikrishna. They have revealed the names of three more robbers named as Raghunath, Pintu and Vikas.Harvijay was a native of Gubaar village in Rajpur and posted at 46th battalion of BSF in West Bengal. He was on his way back home at night on December 11. The jawan was accompanied by Lal Singh Yadav, when he was kidnapped by unidentified men outside Pukhrayan railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11533569", "title": "Fog likely in coming days", "text": "LUCKNOW: Cloudy skies and cold winds kept the chill alive in the atmosphere in the city on Tuesday, although temperatures were by and large normal or above normal. Similar weather conditions are expected to prevail in other parts of the state. The weatherman, however, predicted that drop in night temperatures and possibilities of thick fog in morning hours in coming days.The maximum temperature in the city was 21.2 degrees Celsius, which was one degree below normal and minimum temperature was 9.6 degrees Celsius, three degrees above normal. The day temperature was below normal because of the clouds, which reduced the intensity of the sun rays. However, the same clouds led to rise in the night temperature because they did not allow the ground heat to escape into the atmosphere. The moisture content in the air left behind by the rains on Monday along with cold winds kept climate chilly. The state Met department predicted partly cloudy sky for Wednesday with minimum temperature to be around nine degrees Celsius.However, thick clouds led to cold day conditions in many parts of the state. Day temperatures were recorded 3-7 degrees below normal. While Agra recorded 14.8 degrees Celsius, maximum temperature during the day, Meerut recorded 15.7 degrees Celsius, Aligarh 16.6 degrees Celsius, Moradabad 17 degrees Celsius, Najibad, Hardoi and Jhansi recorded 19 degrees Celsius each. The minimum temperatures were by and large above normal.However, the Met department said that minimum temperatures would fall by 2-5 degrees Celsius in the state during the next 2-3 days. Cold wave conditions can also develop at few places. As per Met department, cold wave conditions prevailed when the minimum temperature was five degrees or more below normal.However, clear skies will lead to rise in maximum temperatures by 2-3 degrees Celsius. Thick fog would prevail with visibility dropping to 100 metres or below in some parts of the state during the next 48 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11532811", "title": "22-foot kite to attract many", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sidhharth Sharma, 22, student of Fine Arts, who is also making efforts to make kite flying popular, said, \"We are ourselves making kites of different sizes. So far, we have decided to cover at least 10 sectors of Chandigarh, but if we get more volunteers then we can increase this number.\"The main attraction of the upcoming Basant Utsav will be a 22-foot kite. The Environment Society of India is inviting Ahmedabad-based artists, who will make this giant kite three days before the festival.\"Our society is aiming at spreading the word about clean environment and heritage through kite flying. We are promoting kites all across the nation. This 22-foot kite will be a kind of wonder that people, of this part of the country, had not witnessed before. 22-foot kite was earlier flown in Ahmedabad,\" Naresh Kumar Jindal, secretary of this society, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11535092", "title": "Parents flay school fee increase in Steel City", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: After the commotion over the random process of admission, schools are now at the centre of another controversy: fee hike. Schools have hinted at a tuition fee hike from the new academic session in April.The Jharkhand Unaided Private English Schools (JUPES) have unanimously decided to increase the monthly tuition fee by 10 to 15 per cent. \"The decision is in line with the guidelines of the Jharkhand Education Tribunal (JET) and it is not binding on the schools. If any school feels the hike is not necessary, it can have its way,\" said A P R Nair, convenor of the Jamshedpur chapter of JUPES.Parents, however, are disappointed with the decision. \"First we will appeal to the school management to roll back the decision and if required we will seek the judiciary's help,\" said Umesh, convenor of the Jamshedpur Parents' Association.He said at a time when lower middle-class families are finding it difficult to cough up annual school fees, a further hike will only add to their woes.They argued that the school management is saying they are being forced to hike fees because of increased expenditure. But there's been no perceptible improvement in the system of education, nor has the salary of a teacher been hiked.\"I spend about Rs 1,500 every month on my two daughters studying in UKG and Class-X in the Sacred Heart Convent School. Further increase in the tuition fee will upset my budget,\" said Tata Steel employee, Birender Kumar, expressing unhappiness with the fee hike decision.Meanwhile, the process of admission to schools through the lottery system has begun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11532355", "title": "Government unhappy over GTU convocation spending", "text": "AHMEDABAD: State technical education department has expressed its displeasure over Gujarat Technological University (GTU) spending an estimated Rs 15 lakh over the convocation ceremony to be held on January 19.This is the first GTU convocation wherein 34 students will be given postgraduate degrees. A technical education department official said that at a time when GTU is facing a financial crunch, there is no need to spend such a huge amount on the convocation ceremony.The GTU, officials say, is pretty enthusiastic about its first convocation and has also ordered 3,000 dishes costing Rs 150 to offer snacks to the guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11535525", "title": "Assocham regional office in Bhopal soon", "text": "BHOPAL: The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham), would soon have its regional office in the state capital and sub-centres at Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur.It would be apex body's fourth regional office after Ahmedabad, Bangalore and Kolkata - an indication of the state's growing economic potential.\"Investors are keen on investing in Madhya Pradesh, although it has to match up with industry and investor friendly climate in other states,\" said Assocham secretary general D S Rawat while addressing media here on Tuesday.A three-member Assocham delegation, comprising director U K Joshi, joint director M G Verma and D S Rawat also met state industries minister Kailash Vijayvargiya.Rawat said, \"MP has received thousands of crore worth of investment proposals over the years but only a small fraction of it has turned into 'real investments.' Assocham has suggested ways to improve investment in the state.\"Assocham also presented a roadmap for promotion of organic farming in the state. \"If adopted, organic farming has the potential to double the earnings of farmers in the five years,\" said Rawat, offering to help the state in adoption of modern practices, technologies and scientific management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535699", "title": "Cheryl Cole to front pop show for Simon Cowell", "text": "Simon Cowell is lining up Cheryl Cole to host a new pop show.The 52-year-old music mogul - who sensationally axed the Girls Aloud singer from the US 'X Factor' last year - is reportedly keen for the brunette beauty to front a brand new music programme after she launches her solo comeback in March.An insider said: \"He's talking about bringing back a classic chart show and he thinks that because Cheryl is slap bang in the middle of the pop market, she'd be a great host.\"When Simon gets back to London later this month he's hoping they will hammer out a deal. Whatever happens, there won't be a dull moment.\"However, after seeing the harsh side of Simon when she was sacked from the 'X Factor' panel, Cheryl has reportedly vowed to never \"make the same mistake\" again and in order to get back in her good books, the 'Britain's Got Talent' boss plans to tempt the singer with a \"blank cheque\".The source told Reveal magazine: \"The horrible fall-out between the two of them was probably the best thing that could have happened to Cheryl. It forced her to stand up for herself and see Simon for the hard-nosed businessman he is.\"That was a harsh lesson, but she won't make the same mistake twice. Cheryl knows she's in the driving seat.\"So now the plan is to put together a new format for Cheryl, and Simon plans to wave a blank cheque in front of her to make sure she won't be able to turn him down.\"It was recently claimed that Cheryl is being lined up to front a late-night talk show for British station Channel 4 featuring celebrity guests and fashion news.A source said: \"They know she'll be a massive ratings winner and is the perfect fit to pull in amazing guests.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11534239", "title": "Mansa Devi fresco restoration work a \u2018misdeed\u2019, say netizens", "text": "PANCHKULA: Expressing much anguish and outrage over the whitewashing of over a century-old frescos in the Mansa Devi Temple at Mansa Devi Complex in Panchkula, a number of TOI webpage readers and experts have criticized the Haryana government of \"ruining\" the mural ancient art forms in the name of \"restoration\".A netizen, Balvinder Singh, of Guru Nanak Dev University, Amritsar, has commented on the online story: \"This is not new....going on everywhere....need to bring awareness....about this rich and valuable heritage....!\"Another reader Anjum, who added his comment to the story, wrote: \"I cannot understand why no rules and regulations applicable when any conservation work on any heritage site in India is carried out. Why are such vital decisions taken by government clerks or the layman? It is for the archaeology experts to deal with such matters.\"TOI on January 10 had published the photographs of the frescos being whitewashed in the Mansa Devi Temple in Panchkula. The restoration work was hastened when the principal director of Indian National Trust of Art, Culture and Heritage ( INTACH) Nilabh Sinha pointed out flaws and lapses. The TOI team discovered that the lime plaster was being removed off the buon frescos, which the experts said could cause irreparable damage.\"A great temple demolished by the clerks of Haryana\" is how Vijay Gautam of Chandigarh feels about all this. Professor Bharat Gupta in Ashok Vihar Delhi, has blamed the bureaucrats for \"such a misdeed\".\"It is them, the bureaucrats, who head any department even if it is the archaeological survey of India or a university. They run a system where even a clerk starts ignoring the expert opinion,\" he writes as his comment on the TOI story.In the meantime, art historian and member of Spiritual Growth Forum , Rajnish Khosla, has written to the tourism and archaeology minister in Haryana, demanding a probe.He said that his recent visit to the temple was \"extremely disturbing\" when he came across the ancient frescos being coated with fresh layers of white paint.Work on the painting made on the walls and the ceiling of Mansa Devi Temple began around 1840, under the patronage of Maharaja Gopal Singh of Manimajra, and Maharaja Karam Singh of Patiala. The temple, built by the royal family of Patiala, is being managed by the Haryana archaeology department, and the Haryana Tourism Corporation is the nodal agency responsible for execution of the ongoing \"restoration\" work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11532305", "title": "Musical fare served with pizazz and flair", "text": "PANAJI: Four \"serious\" musicians playing \"serious\" classical pieces showed their Kala Academy audience on Monday night that such supposedly highbrow music can be both exalting and highly entertaining. Of the six works on the programme, two were from the eighteenth century, two from the nineteenth, and two from the mid-twentieth; though experience has shown that modern works are least likely to appeal to our audiences, these last two works were played with such skill, joy, and impishness that they were without question the hit of the day.The evening began with a trio sonata for two violins and basso continuo by CW Gluck, a composer we are more likely to think of as a contemporary of Mozart and composer of operas in French than as a toiler in the field of the Baroque. Yet, having been born in1714, he began his career by composing in the idiom of his time, and the format for a trio sonata was to have two solo instruments, with a harpsichord providing the harmony. Harpsichords had very weak bass notes, and to make up for this, composers reinforced the bass line by adding at least a viola da gamba, and other deep-voiced instruments, and calling the combination a \"basso continuo\". Ulf Klausenitzer and Hartmut Krause, the two violinists of the evening, had a monster-sized grand piano at their disposal, instead of a harpsichord; so they could have dispensed with the cello, but didn't. In the very first movement of the Gluck, cellist Rudiger Clauss, sitting in front to the right, misjudged the acoustics, playing in a manner that competed with the violinists and drowned out the pianist; fortunately, balance was restored thereafter.The second item was listed as JS Bach's Triosonata, BWV 1037. This work is included as being authentic in the authoritative Bach Gesellschaft edition published in 1860, but musicologists now believe it was composed by Johann Gottlieb Goldberg, the brilliant young harpsichordist whose theme Bach turned into the famous \"Goldberg Variations.\" No matter who wrote it, whether Bach or Goldberg, our four musicians played it with conviction, and the last two movements sparkled.Clauss made an intermission unnecessary by regaling the audience with two late nineteenth-century transcriptions for cello and piano: Tchaikovsky's Nocturne, no. 4 in a set of six pieces for piano, and Chabrier's Habanera. From this point on, pianist Lin Lin Fan was released from the shackles of being a Baroque harmony provider, and came into her own as a musical partner.I was delighted to see Bohuslav Martinu represented on this programme because this once popular composer, who produced an amazing number of major works in his lifetime, has lately been neglected. Along with several other major composers, beginning with Stravinsky, he began to write music that broke away from Romantic and traditional moulds and began to reflect our times. Hence in the first movement and elsewhere, our violinists, abandoning sweetness, now used their bows to produce rasping tones and at times what I can best describe as motorized rhythms. Lin Lin Fan was a sensitive collaborator, and shared in the prolonged applause.The evening ended with two engaging works by the Soviet-era composer Shostakovich , which revealed to us that out of evil can come something good: the authorities turned the screws on him when he tried to experiment with modern tonalities (or the absence of them), so we were back again in the realm of sweetness and light and, I must add, puckishness. Klausenitzer in particular added body language to the proceedings, now crouching in a boxing stance, now producing fancy footwork that showed he could float like a butterfly but play like an angel. The interaction between him and Krause, and the rapport between them and Lin Lin Fan, was truly extraordinary. Prolonged applause produced an encore, also by Shostakovich.It is unfortunate that while these fine artists were playing, loud sounds from another event on the Kala Academy grounds also penetrated the auditorium. Something must be done either to make the auditorium more soundproof, or to turn down the amplification on events that are taking place at the same time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531291", "title": "Miracle marathon transplant saves lives", "text": "NEW DELHI: They were born miles apart but a common need brought Tejasree, Ansa and Anish together: all three children suffered from congenital liver disease and required a transplant to survive but none of them had a matching donor. In a rare medical accomplishment, doctors at Gurgaon's Medanta Medicity Hospital conducted a chain of transplant surgeries - swapping the liver of the father of two children and using a recipients' organ for transplant - to save all three children.Twenty-two-month old Ansa and one-year-old Anish, suffered from biliary atresia, the congenital absence of the bile duct, while three-year-old Tejasree suffered from a rare genetic condition called Maple Syrup Urine Disease ( MSUD), due to which her body couldn't digest milk or any other protein-rich food.According to the Dr A S Soin, chairman and chief cardiac surgeon of the Medanta Institute of Liver Transplantation, where the operation was conducted, more than 100 doctors and paramedical staff worked simultaneously in six different operation theatres (OT) to conduct the transplant as any delay would have proved fatal.\"The six liver operations, each linked to another, all at the same time, were a marathon task. We performed the transplant on Christmas Day because it was a holiday and the OTs were largely not in use,\" said Soin.Dr Neelam Mohan, chief pediatric hepatologist at the Medanta Liver Institute, said the parents of Tejasree and Ansa readily agreed to swap their liver to save the kids. \"Tejasree's father's blood group was O-positive, while she was B-positive. In case of Ansa and her father, it was vice versa. We persuaded both parents to donate for each other's child and they agreed readily. Tejasree's liver was structurally and functionally normal, lacking only in a particular enzyme which is present in the muscles of non-MSUD patients so we used her liver to conduct the transplant in Anish's case. We were able to pull it off and save all three children,\" she said.Muhee, Ansa's mother, was unable to hide her happiness. \"She has become fairer after the surgery. Due to liver disease and jaundice, her color was pale,\" she said. P M Rangnathan, Tejasree's father who donated part of his liver, said he had sold off his property for his daughter's transplant that cost him Rs 15 lakh (approx). \"I have two children. The elder one is deaf and dumb,\" he said. Monica Kakroo, the mother of Anish, said their child had suffered two heart attacks earlier but survived. \"The opportunity to get this transplant done was a godsent opportunity for us and we want to thank the doctors who guided us,\" said Kakroo. However, these children will need to take medication throughout their lives and go for regular medical check-ups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11534857", "title": "Youths lack Jyoti Prasad's spirit, say intellectuals", "text": "GUWAHATI: On the occasion of the 61st death anniversary of 'Rup Konwar' Jyoti Prasad Agarwala, which is commemorated as 'Silpi Divas' or artists' day, academics and intellectuals lamented the lack of enthusiasm among young people regarding following the cultural icon's ideals, philosophy and vision.At an event held in the city on the occasion, in which a book based on the philosophical ideals and social vision of the icon was released, Devprasad Baruah, former vice-chancellor, Gauhati University, said, \"Jyoti Prasad Agarwala lived for a short span of time but he lived for the people of Assam and its culture, and his contribution to the development of Assamese culture and legacy will remain unchallenged for many years to come. But, at the same time, it is a sad reality that we have not been able to implement his philosophical ideals totally in our society.\"Jyoti Prasad, the first filmmaker of our state, had a strong, fiery spirit which, along with his works, inspired everyone, especially young people. That spirit is required today for the youth, who are far removed from the ideals and philosophy he stood for; once they acquire this spirit, the youths could do a lot for their community, said Baruah.Udayaditya Bharali, former principal Cotton College, said, \"The rise of the cultural upsurge or wave of the '60s can be traced back to the '40s and '50s when Jyoti Prasad was involved in the Independence and cultural movements. He inspired and instilled amongst the youth the spirit of challenge.\"The event was based on the theme 'The Golden Age of Mass Assamese Cultural Upsurge: Jyoti Prasad Agarwala, Bishnu Rabha, Hemanga Biswas and Bhupen Hazarika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11532269", "title": "Goa yet to back CCE method with suitable syllabus", "text": "PANAJI: Goa will have to revise its school textbooks soon in order to promote activity-based learning and application of knowledge. The state has already implemented comprehensive continuous evaluation (CCE) as recommended by the Union government under the requirements of the Right to Education (RTE) Act, 2009. But CCE is a method of assessment which is yet to be backed in Goa by the right curriculum.\"Officials from the ministry of human resource development in a meeting with state education ministers held on June 6, 2011 told states to revise their curriculum to meet the requirements of CCE. It was clarified that CCE is only a tool to provide feedback to the teachers about their efforts. And the tendency of states - Goa was one of them - was noted to develop a rigid module of CCE at the state-level, mostly comprising a series of tests and is not in consonance with the national curriculum framework (NCF) 2005,\" an official source said.NCF-2005 makes it clear that each school should evolve a flexible and implementable scheme of CCE. The scheme should take into account the social environment of and the facilities available at the school.\"States were warned that CCE can never be implemented in isolation - which Goa has done - and it will have to be visualized as one of the ingredients of the teaching-learning process envisioned by the RTE Act,\" the source said.States have been told by the central government that while preparing the syllabus and textbooks, it should be ensured that there is no excessive load of subjects and textbooks and the focus is on understanding concepts, encouraging reflective thinking and providing interactive spaces for children. The curriculum will have to ensure that it includes activities for group as well as individual work with evaluation in a continuous manner.There has to be sufficient time for pursuing child-centered approach in the teaching-learning process. States have been told that the curriculum should be seen as a public statement of an educational plan, which determines the nature of interaction between teacher and child. This interaction should lead to 'learning' and 'reconstruction of experiences' of students in particular and teachers in general.It needs to be emphasized that while designing the curriculum, syllabus and learning materials states must take cognizance of the ground realities of children. Linkages should be developed between school knowledge in different subjects and children's everyday experiences. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11531765", "title": "Nitish Kumar pays \u2018thanksgiving\u2019 visit to Madhubani madrassas", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Tuesday made a `'thanksgiving' trip to Ekhatta village in Madhubani district. In this Muslim-dominated village, the CM and his entourage had lunch with the villagers in the 1884 built residential Madrasa Rahmania.During the by-election for the Laukaha assembly seat in November last which the JD(U) retained with big margin, it is said that the party got the Muslim vote en bloc. Nitish himself admitted that the margin of victory was solely because of the Muslim support.The JD(U) takes the victory as a turning point in its career as this kind of support of Muslims to the party was not witnessed even during 2010 assembly election. For the party, such huge support was unexpected as the RJD candidate in the fray was a local Muslim and the JD(U) nominee a greenhorn. \"Hari Prasad Sah, the former minister and local MLA, was not known to have cordial relations with minorities of his constituency and his son who recently won did not take care to seek Muslim votes,\" said a JD(U) leader.Nitish was happy to be in the company of the skull-capped madrasa boys and bearded teachers and village elders as well as women who thronged the campus to express their gratitude. One elder said, \"We voted for various parties in the past, but never before any leader came to say thanks to us. It meant they had not acknowledged our support.\"JD(U) MLC Niraj Kumar, who had worked during the by-poll and was present at the Tuesday event, said, \"The mood and voting pattern in this region proved beyond doubt that Lalu Prasad's social engineering in the form of Muslim-Yadav unity has shattered completely. This is a big political event in Bihar's political spectrum.\"Nitish also visited Madrasa Ittehadul Muslimeen at Bagha Kusumar village, hardly three km from Ekhatta where, too, he rubbed shoulders with local Muslims and students. He declared, \"I thank you from the depth of my heart for your support. And I want to assure that this cordial relation would continue and I will try my best to come up to your expectations.\"Interestingly, the person behind organizing the meetings at both the madrasas was BJP MLC Sanjay Jha . Soon after the by-poll, the CM had announced his decision to visit Ekhatta village and have supper with the local people. In fact, the CM was to begin his Seva Yatra in the first week of November, but due to announcement of by-election, he had to skip Madhubani. Now he is visiting the region to round off his first phase of yatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11535908", "title": "Effective system needed to detect false claims: Justice Harkauli", "text": "INDORE: Acting chief justice of Madhya Pradesh high court Justice SK Harkauli has called for devising an effective mechanism among the non-life insurance companies to detect the fake claims in connection with settlement of third party claims.Unveiling the 11th pilot project on 'Common mechanism for compromised settlement of motor third party claims' in Indore the other day, Justice Harkauli said, \"We can't shut our eyes on the claims thinking the claims sometimes are not genuine. Hence, there has to be a very effective mechanism among the insurance companies to check the menace.\"Some kind of mechanism already existed in the country. However, it was not sufficient, he said. As per an estimate, nearly 5-10 per cent cases in the segment turned out to be fake.Praising the initiative, which was first launched in Cuttack in March this year, Harkauli said that it is a step in the right direction apart from cutting down the litigation it also shows enthusiasm on the part of the insurers.In order to ensure that the road accident victims or their legal kin get speedy and timely relief and also to save the claimants from the inordinate delay and agony in getting the compensation, all the four state-owned non-life insurers - New India Assurance, United India Insurance, National Insurance and Oriental Insurance - have come out with the concept.It is proposed to start 40 more such pilot projects in the country, including the ones in Raipur and Jabalpur, by the fiscal end, said S Ramabhadran, general manager, New India Assurance. \"We have got an executive committee for this, comprising a retired judge, an orthopaedic surgeon and a retired senior general insurance official, he added.There are about 6,000 pending cases with the motor accident claim tribunal (MACT) in Indore as of now. Of the 6,000 pending cases, half the cases are related to grievous injuries and 10% cases are death-related ones. Last year, 5,000 cases were settled and claims to the tunes of Rs 50 crore were paid of which claims of Rs 20 crore were settled at Lok Adalats only. About 1,000 cases were closed last year due to various reasons including false claims, expired insurance policies or even fake driving licences, said DK Roy, secretary of the project in Indore. There are 100 cases pending with MACT as of now in Indore, added Roy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11532211", "title": "Zoom down 18-lane autobahn to BIA", "text": "BANGALORE: The ride towards Bengaluru International Airport and beyond will soon become a minutes-only affair with work under way to upgrade Bellary Road ( NH 7) into an 18-lane autobahn with a high speed rail link (HSRL) embedded in it.The Rs 680-crore upgradation involves a 22.12-km stretch of the road beginning from Hebbal flyover up to Bachchalli railway gate, beyond the Trumpet Interchange leading to the airport.The autobahn will be 65 metres wide and have three-lane service roads on either side of the six-lane highway, besides the nation's first-ever six-lane elevated corridor running along the highway. Work, which began in September 2010, is expected to be completed by May 2013.Currently, properties adjoining the road on either side of the road have been notified for acquisition. Land up to a width of 5 metres will be acquired on either side of the road leading towards the airport. There have also been instances of land up to 15 metres wide being proposed for acquisition along some parts of the stretch.\"The three-lane service roads have been planned basically to divert local traffic, including buses and non-airport bound traffic, while the signal-free highway and elevated corridor will cater to only airport-bound vehicles,\" said AK Mathur, chief general manager (technical), NHAI Bangalore.Each three-lane service road will be 10.5 metres wide, while the existing main carriageway is about 25.5 metres wide. A 5-metre corridor between the carriageway and service road on the side of Esteem Mall will be earmarked for HSRL. NHAI authorities said pavements and drains will also be accommodated in the 65-metre autobahn.Esteem Mall, Columbia Asia Hospital and several other prime properties, including Jakkur airport, will be losing land for the project, coming up on the right side of the airport-bound road. On the left side, GKVK has already parted with land, while the Indian Air Force station in Yelahanka is awaiting clearance from its headquarters to gives up its share of land.NHAI's acquisition plans, however, have run into rough weather on the left side of the airport-bound road near Hebbal flyover as the Army, which is building an apartment complex in the area, has refused to part with land for the project. \"We are trying to convince the Army authorities that a service road would, in fact, benefit their apartment residents and facilitate direct access,\" Mathur said.NHAI has already released a compensation package of Rs450 crore to the state revenue department for payment towards properties to be acquired for the project. About 45 hectares of land will be acquired in all for the project.Progress cardNHAI chief general manager (technical) A K Mathur said that 50% of the work upgradation work was over. He also said that half the work on the first section of the elevated corridor was complete. The six-lane elevated corridor is being built in three sections: the first 3.722-km stretch from Esteem Mall to Yelahanka bypass, while the second and third corridors will span for about 600-odd metres beyond Kogilu Cross and at Vidyanagar.Underpasses coming upNHAI authorities also said the upgradation of Bellary Road has provision for vehicle and pedestrian underpasses across the highway to facilitate easy movement for locals.One pedestrian underpass will come up after Kogilu Cross, two vehicle underpasses will be built between Kogilu cross and Vidyanagar, and a cattle underpass will be constructed near Hunasamaranahalli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535752", "title": "Miley Cyrus buys Liam a dog", "text": "Miley Cyrus gave boyfriend Liam Hemsworth a puppy for his 22nd birthday.The former 'Hannah Montana' star wanted to get her actor beau a present to remember so surprised him with a pet pooch.She tweeted: \"Got Liam THE best bday pressie ever! (sic)\"She then posted a picture of the cute canine, who they have called Ziggy.When a fan tweeted that she was under the impression the dog's name was Daisy Dukes, Miley quickly clarified by saying: \"Liam wanted to name her that! I said NOOO WAY! Shes an angel! she loves her bro &amp; sis too! (sic)\"Miley, 19, and Liam first met on the set of 'The Last Song' in June 2009 and shared an 18 month relationship which ended in November 2010.They rekindled their romance last summer and Miley recently described Liam as the perfect boyfriend because he is such a great listener.The singer-and-actress - whose father is country singer Billy Ray Cyrus - recently said: \"I think it's someone that is always there to listen and I think that's when people make mistakes because they always want to have the answers and I don't like people trying to fix me, I just like them being able to listen. But everything's great, I'm happy and there's nothing I can complain about. I'm performing and doing what I love and I have awesome people in my life so nothing can really go wrong.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531856", "title": "Rushdie controversy prompts online avalanche", "text": "NEW DELHI: Salman bhai is all over the worldwide web. Not Khan, but Rushdie. Reports of the renowned writer's unavailability for the forthcoming Jaipur Litfest, ostensibly under political pressure, has prompted an avalanche of tweets and online comments.By late afternoon the top trends on microblogging site Twitter included \"JLF\", \"Jaipur Lit Fest\" and of course, the man himself, \"Rushdie\". Posts on Facebook pages and groups dedicated to the author, though, were few and far between. Till 7 pm on Tuesday, Rushdie hadn't tweeted on the issue.\"Sad that Salman Rushdie got dropped from Jaipur Lit Fest. When will we stop bowing down to stupid fanatics?\" tweeted netizen \"@anarbhatt\". Others, like \"@distilled_view\" were still hopeful of an arrangement being worked out and asked, \"So Salman Rushdie cannot be present in Jaipur, but the festival organizers can screen a video recording of his talk no?\" While Rushdie remained the talk of the town, others are not out of the spotlight either. \"Why aren't fellow writers and panelists boycotting the Jaipur Lit Fest in support of Rushdie? Holding on to their precious 15 mins?\" tweeted \"@sacredinsanity\".Author and journalist Sonia Faleiro remains optimistic about the visit. This was, after all, a \"persuasion\" and not an outright, official ban. \"I wonder if #Rushdie won't thumb his nose at the boors, and show up. I think he might. #JLF,\" Faleiro tweeted.On Facebook, public posts and the few related posts that did show up on Rushdie's fan pages, were peppered with unprintable expletives for those who proposed the cancellation.Even more so on social news website Reddit. \"The government can allow porn star Sunny Leone to be relished on national TV but not Taslima Nasreen at a Book Fair or Rushdie at Jaipur Lit Fest,\" said one Robin Singh in a public post on Facebook. \"Liberals are not opposing his visit. I consider myself a liberal and I personally think it is stupid at best and unconstitutional at worst to try to stop him,\" opined Reddit user \"ugknite\" in a discussion on the author's visit. Video-sharing website YouTube did not see much of a debate on the issue in comments or otherwise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11532924", "title": "Fitness trainer recalls his memories of MGR", "text": "COIMBATORE: Although fitness trainer Sukumaran met M G Ramachandran for the last time 29 years ago, his memories of the movie star turned politician are vivid. MGR was keen on being fit and encouraged Sukumaran to start a fitness centre. Whenever they met at Circuit House in Coimbatore, MGR spoke of the importance of good health.A passing mention of MGR gets Sukumaran excited. According to him, MGR has no parallel in the political world and his philanthropy has no substitute. His adoration of MGR is very much visible in his house, office, fitness centre and even in his car.Old photographs of him with MGR are displayed on the front and back of his car. A board that sits atop his car says his gym was started with the blessings of MGR.His house and gym have virtually turned into MGR museums and photos of the charismatic politician adorn the walls. I have a two-wheeler and that also has a rare photo of MGR,'' says Sukumaran. His visiting card carries a black and white photograph in which MGR shakes his hand.It was actor 'Philevan' Ranganathan who introduced me to MGR when I was just 20 years old. Ranganathan was the fitness advisor of MGR and they shared a rare camaraderie. As I was trained under Rangathan, it was easy for me to approach MGR.According to him, MGR was totally against consumption of liquor and tobacco. He wanted all of us to convince youngsters against using intoxicants. On one occasion he gave a written statement urging people to keep fit, which Sukumaran has displayed in his health centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "11531360", "title": "MNREGS has few takers in Warangal", "text": "WARANGAL: The central government's flagship programme MNREGS has not found many takers in Warangal. This when the district had bagged first place in the state last year in providing work to farm labourers under MNREGS and spent huge funds on works.Work was allotted to 4.09 lakh families and a total of Rs 340 crore was spent on that in 2010-11. The expenditure reached Rs 861 crore in that year and the district administration was lauded for implementing the scheme successfully. But at the recent vigilance and monitoring committee meeting, it was revealed that MNREGS implementation in 2011-12 has come a cropper and labourers are not showing any interest to take up the work.According to District Water Management Authority (DWMA) officials, the farm workers are not showing any interest to carry out the MNREGS works as the private sector is ready to pay more for their work. Till January 9 this year, only Rs 145 crore was spent on the work and less than 50% of last year's work have been taken up. Sources said only 2.70 lakh families have been provided work under the scheme this year.Comparatively, Vizianagaram, Srikakulam and Visakhapatnam have bagged the first three spots in implementing the MNREGS work in the state this year and Warangal has fallen to 15th position in the chart.\"Project director and the state government have to take the blame for the mess,\" said a women's organisation volunteer at Hanamkonda mandal. She alleged that DWMA officials are not interested in implementing the scheme even as several reports of misuse of MNREGS funds have come out in the open.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11535518", "title": "Now, highway robbers target marriage parties", "text": "KANPUR: Crooks and highway robbers deprived members of marriage parties of their valuables in two incidents reported from the district since late on Sunday night. This has happened at a time when the city has been put on alert with Assembly elections round the corner.In the first incident reported from Ismailpur village in Ghatampur on Sunday night, crooks struck at a `Baraat Ghar' and escaped with cash and valuables worth Rs1.25 lakhs after offering members of groom side coffee mixed with sedatives.Members from groom side had checked into the 'baraat gear' after reaching Ismailpur village from Gwalior on Sunday night. Groom Devendra's father Jagdish Singh had deputed Jagdish Sikarwar, Santram, Nawal Singh and Gajendra Singh, accompanying the `baraat', to look after cash and other valuables. The groom and other 'baratis' went to attend 'dwarachar' (a marriage ritual). In the meantime, some unidentified men reached there. They offered coffee to the four persons who were on the guard. Within a few minutes of sipping the coffee, they became unconscious and miscreants stole valuables and escaped. Around 2am, the groom's father Jagdish Singh called one of them on phone. After repeated attempts, he failed to get any response from the four persons their cell phone, Singh and others rushed to the spot. They found the four persons lying unconscious in a room at 'baraat gear'.\"We rushed them to a nearby community health centre and all of them have been out of danger now,\" a police official said. \"We found all the cash and jewellery missing from the bags,\" he added. A case has been registered under various Sections, including 328/379, with the Ghatampur police.In yet another shocking incident in Bidhnoo, a man from groom's side was shot at and critically injured by a four-member gang. The highway robbers looted cash and valuables from them late on Monday night.The miscreants riding on two motorcycles, intercepted a van near a petrol pump in which Macharia resident Bhanu Pratap Singh, his wife Seema, sons Akash and Raj, nephew Sandeep and niece Nisha, besides newly wedded daughter-in-law Rashmi were returning back from Pataras Tilsada village. They had gone to the village to take part in a 'gauna' ceremony at the house of Rashmi, who had tied the nuptial knots with Singh's nephew Sandeep on December 3.The gang members forced the women, including Rashmi, to hand over the jewellery and other valuables.A robber opened fire at Bhanu Pratap and the bullet hit his jaw, causing serious wounds, the police said. The gangsters then assaulted Bhanu Pratap's wife and other members, snatched jewellery and other valuables worth over Rs10 lakh. IG Chandra Prakash, DIG Rajesh Rai and SP (rural) rushed to the spot and instructed police officials to constitute teams and release sketches of the robbers.A manhunt had been launched to nab the robbers. \"A case under Sections 395/397 of IPC had been lodged and police teams have fanned out to nab the robbers,\" Rai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535629", "title": "Madonna knows compromise is important", "text": "Madonna believes the key to relationships is \"compromise\".The twice-wed singer - who is currently dating 24-year-old dancer Brahim Zaibat - is always ready to change for a partner because she knows how important it is.She said: \"I think with all relationships you are going to have to give up something. It is a juggling act, it's about compromising.\"Madonna - who wrote, produced and directed new movie 'W.E.' - also revealed she has learned a lot from former spouses Guy Ritchie and Sean Penn when it came to filmmaking.She explained in an interview with Grazia magazine: \"Of course I learned from them. I watched closely to see what both of them did, with Sean as an actor and director and Guy as a director.\"With Sean, I saw the importance of preparing before you get to the set.\"Guy is a much more visual director and he takes a lot of risks when it comes to camera moves and things like that. He breaks the rules and so I learned a lot from him in that aspect.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11534541", "title": "20 hurt as 2 rival groups come at loggerheads", "text": "ALLAHABAD: At least 20 persons including three children sustained injuries after two rival groups clashed and opened indiscriminate firing at Bajha village under Nawabganj police circle, here on Tuesday morning.Initial police investigations claimed that two rival groups came at loggerheads over a property dispute and the scene took an ugly turn when the supporters of one of the group fired with 0.12 bore license gun leaving several injured.Station officer, Nawabganj, told TOI that the condition of only persons including Lallan Singh and Rang Bahadur was stated to be critical while rest of them were given primary treatment.He added that rival groups of Hitlar and Lallan Singh came at loggerheads over the property dispute and they and their supporters exchanged heated arguments.The issue took a serious note when both the groups first involved in brick batting and further used licenced weapons to settle the score.In fact, it was the timely arrival of police when the cops seized the licensed weapon and ensured the arrest of six persons on the spot.Investigations are further on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11532240", "title": "After waiting for 6 years, AMC demolishes building overnight", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Six years after the owner had moved Gujarat high court and got a stay over demolition of his two-storey building near Ellisbridge, the structure was brought down in a night. Late on Monday evening, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) bulldozers started the work of bringing down 'HP House' building opposite Ellisbridge police station. The demolition work was completed by 6 am on Tuesday.A team of 60 AMC officials, two high-powered, three medium-sized bulldozers were put to use for demolition. \"Seven years back in 2005, we had sent notice to the owner of the building to vacate the premises. The owner moved court and later got a stay. On Monday, the stay was lifted and as the building was creating a bottleneck for years in our development plans we brought it down,\" said a senior AMC official.An AMC official said that the building was obstructing the traffic at crucial VS Hospital Crossroads, where a road was planned in 2005 to ease traffic but could not be built due to this structure. The official said that the building was used as to run music classes and also as a warehouse.\"We had planned a road which would help commuters take left and go towards VS Hospital, but due to this building drivers had to take a longer turn. A meeting was held on Monday evening after we came to know of lifting of stay and the decision to bring down the building was taken,\" the AMC official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11532407", "title": "Teen held for hit and run, released", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The teenaged car driver who had hit a cyclist, two cars and an autorickshaw on January 13 evening surrendered before the Vastrapur police on Tuesday. The girl was released on bail after being arrested.A complaint was registered with the Vastrapur police against 19-year-old Suhani Bakeri. The complainant Divyesh Gajjar, an engineer and a resident of CG Road, said he was retuning home at 5.30 pm on Thursday when a red hatchback being driven by the Suhani rammed his car from behind. The collision was so strong that the car in turn hit an autorickshaw and another car.M R Sharma, inspector of Vastrapur police station, told TOI, \"Suhani was hospitalized after the accident. She was released on Tuesday after which her parents brought her to the police station to surrender. After the arrest, she was produced in the court where she was granted bail. We have sought an inspection report on her car to ascertain the cause of accident,\" he said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535814", "title": "Shri\u2019s off to Mollywood", "text": "For Shrikanth, it is all about being there for his 'nanbans'. The actor will be doing a special role for his good friend Prithviraj in the Malayalam film Hero.\"Prithviraj and I are good friends and he has accepted to do roles in many of my films so far. This was why I said yes to this film when he asked me if I would be part of it,\" says Shrikanth.The actor will begin shooting for the film from the coming Monday and is quite upbeat about it. \"It is a continuous 20-day schedule tand I will be shooting in Kochi,\" says Shri, who is also overjoyed with the great success of his recent release that has been declared a blockbuster.\"I missed the opening weekend, because I was in Dubai representing the Tamil film industry in the ongoing celebrity cricket tournament. It feels great to come back to all the compliments. I'm now excited to begin work on my next films, which I will be starting off once I am done with the Malayalam film,\" says the actor, who seems to be busy living in airport terminals and hotels right now!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531568", "title": "India to persist with crude import from Iran", "text": "New Delhi: Even as China cuts down drastically its oil imports from Iran, which is soon likely to run into fresh sanctions from the US and the EU, India on Tuesday declared that it will continue to import crude oil from the country. Brushing aside US sanctions that prevent financial institutions from doing business with Tehran and its central bank, foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai stated that India will only accept sanctions imposed by the UN.\"We have accepted sanctions which are made by the United Nations . Other sanctions do not apply to individual countries. We can't accept that,\" said Mathai, adding that India had not sought any waiver from US sanctions.This was even as EU High Representative for foreign affairs Catherine Ashton told TOI on Tuesday that the sanctions against Iran by the EU, which is on the verge of banning oil imports from Iran, are designed to make Iran fulfill its obligations as a signatory to the NPT and that nations like India had the responsibility to convey the correct message to Tehran. \"It's not impossible for countries like India to have a long-term and strategic relationship with Iran and yet convey to Iran that it is not fulfilling its international commitments in pursuing a nuclear weapon programme. The sanctions are designed to prevent Iran's nuclear programme and nothing beyond that,\" Ashton, who had raised the issue with foreign minister S M Krishna on Monday, told TOI.Mathai said that an Indian ministerial delegation is visiting Iran to work out a mechanism for uninterrupted purchase of oil from Iran and to come up with a financing arrangement. \"We continue to buy oil from Iran and a number of EU countries too continue to do the same,\" added Mathai.While it has been speculated that a cut in oil imports from Iran by a country will ensure a waiver from US sanctions, Mathai said India had not asked for any such waiver. While China has reduced its import from Iran and is said to be concentrating on other sources, including Saudi Arabia , several other countries like Japan, South Korea and Turkey have suggested that they could seek waivers from US sanctions.Indian officials have maintained that they will not stop the supply from Iran and that New Delhi is considering other options to route payments to Tehran, including through Russian banks, if Turkey were to stop the current mode of payment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11531396", "title": "Direct water supply remains a pipe dream for colonies", "text": "HYDERABAD: Over 20 residential colonies have been waiting for piped water for several months despite paying their contribution to the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;).The Water Board has not taken up works in a few colonies yet, while in some colonies, administrative sanction from the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department is required since cost of the works exceed over Rs 50 lakh. As per the government's instructions, any works above Rs 50 lakh should have administrative sanction from the MA&UD; department.For water pipeline works, the GHMC contributes 70% of the project cost, while colony associations have to pay the remaining 30%. After collecting the amount, the HMWS&SB; executes the works. Nearly 50 residential colony welfare associations in surrounding circles like Serilingampallty, Kukatpally, Uppal, LB Nagar and Kapra have applied for water supply to the HMWS&SB; and over 20 colonies have already paid their contribution.The HMWS&SB; officials claim works could not begin in some colonies as they were yet to receive GHMC's contribution. Meanwhile, the corporation recently changed its policy and decided to release funds only after the Water Board completes works as funds released for pipeline network were being diverted for other purposes, causing delay in execution of works. Sources said colonies that have deposited their contribution include Swarnadhamatusslenagar in Kukatpally (total project cost Rs 47.20 lakh), Camelot colony in Serilingamaplly (Rs 49 lakh), Vidya Vihar Colony in Alwal (Rs 7 lakh), Vijaya Durga Colony (Rs 29 lakh), Omkar Colony (Rs 12.50 lakh), Officers' Colony (Rs 16 lakh) and Bhagyanagar Colony (Rs 9.50 lakh), all in L B Nagar municipal circle. For water pipeline works in colonies like Anajaneyanagar (Rs 1.07 crore) in Kukatpally circle, Vinayakanagar, Deepthi Sri Nagar (both Rs 3.50 crore), Ayyappa Society (Rs 5 crore), Gowthami Hills (Rs 60 lakhs), all in Serilingampally circle, and seven other works in Serilingampally circle worth about Rs 3.09 crore were yet to get administrative sanction from the MA&UD; department.\"We have been suffering due to the tussle between GHMC and HMWS&amp;SB.; The two agencies have to take a decision and begin works immediately,\" Shiva Sai Nagar Residential Welfare Association (Kushaiguda) advisor BR Sarma said.\"We have informed the corporation that their contribution should be released in advance as pipeline and other materials, which constitute about 70% of the project cost, have to be procured for executing the works. Both GHMC and HMWS&SB; are working out a policy on this,\" HMWS&SB; director (Technical) S Prabhakar Sharma told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11530947", "title": "Father of two sodomizes boy at marriage hall", "text": "NAGPUR: A father of two has been accused of sodomizing a 12-year-old boy at a marriage hall in Dhantoli on Monday afternoon. Extremely frightened by the incident, the victim kept quiet about the incident for the entire night but spoke out on Tuesday morning when the pain became unbearable.Apart from the unnatural offence, Mahendra Baldeo (27) has been charged with threatening and abusing the victim by Dhantoli police station. Cops said Baldeo is learnt to have been charged with the same offence some five years ago. Ajni police had booked him in 2005 but cops are yet to trace the past records.The boy's father lodged a complaint on Tuesday morning, but it took the cops more than four hours to convince the boy to narrate the entire incident. \"All our male and female constables tried hard to make him feel comfortable so that he would narrate the incident, but he was very scared. We had to call a child counsellor to finally convince the boy to give a statement,\" said lady PSI RS Gedam, who nabbed Baldeo from near his residence at Vasant Nagar.Baldeo, a toy seller, would set up shop near the gate of the marriage hall. Baldeo has two small children, said police. On Monday, during lunch time at the school, the Standard V boy and two of his friends had gone to meet a friend's mother at Chandramani Hall in Chandramani Nagar. The friend's mother works as a domestic help in the hall, said police.The boys had lunch together, and then his friends went to a bathroom on the first floor while the victim was waiting on the ground floor.The father told TOI that his child's friends ran away to school without informing him. \"He asked Baldeo about his friends and he told him that they were on the terrace. My son rushed to the first floor and Baldeo also followed him. He dragged him to the bathroom and threatened him before committing the crime,\" said the father.The father said that the marriage function was underway but only a few guests were present on the ground floor. Baldeo knew very well that there was no one on the first floor and hence he sent the boy there.The victim told the police personnel that since Baldeo threatened him with dire consequences, he was scared and remained silent.\"He was nervous in the evening but only said that one of his friends slapped him. Thinking that it was a trivial issue, we ignored it,\" said the father.The crime came to light when the boy woke up crying in pain. The boy initially hesitated to tell his parents but when his father questioned him repeatedly, he narrated the incident. The boy was so shocked that he even refused to share it with his mother.Though shocked by the incident, the parents immediately took the boy to the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "11535036", "title": "We can become another Bangalore: IIM-R director", "text": "BOKARO: \"We have the potential to become the Bangalore of eastern India in terms of weather, resources and people,\" said M J Xavier, director, Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Ranchi, during a programme of the Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) on Tuesday. The steel giant was celebrating Human Resource Development (HRD) week.Xavier said he is proud that the future of Jharkhand is bright. He said Jharkhand was crafted out of Bihar and neglected for many years. To pick up pace for development, it needs time. \"Besides, things move slowly in a coalition government,\" he said.He praised chief minister, Arjun Munda , and his vision for the state. He said the IIM has joined hands with the state government and industry for the development of the state. \"We will play an important role by providing new concepts, innovation and consultancy to industry and government,\" he said.\"IIM(R) signed a MoU with Mecon on Monday and earlier joined hands with the Central Institute of Psychiatry (CIP). IIM will provide management support for the preparation of the feasibility report which includes financial viability, marketing strategy to Mecon while it is already in research collaboration with CIP on neuro management comprising brain mapping of eminent personalities like ODI skipper M S Dhoni and others.\"Xavier also announced adopting 30 BSL employees for a year to provide them with management training at IIM. The decision came after BSL MD, S S Mohanty conveyed to him that he wanted to do something innovative for his employees. \"We will teach innovation and managerial skills to the BSL employees,\" said Xavier.He also said that IIM, with the support of BSL, will shoot a 2.5-hour documentary film on management. Local actors will be hired at a cost of Rs 10 to 15 lakh. \"We have negotiated with the government for showing the documentary to elected panchayat leaders. This will groom them for handling responsibility.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11531703", "title": "Winter chill sees brain stroke cases going up", "text": "PATNA: The winter chill increased the number of brain stroke patients reaching the medical emergency of Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) in the first 13 days of the New Year.Doctors at the Indira Gandhi emergency attending the brain stroke patients have a tough time treating them, as saving life of such patients often proves difficult due to non-availability of free generic drug to check high blood pressure at the hospital counter at the emergency, said some doctors on the condition of anonymity. On Monday too, TOI found that the medicine to control high blood pressure was not available at the counter of Indira Gandhi emergency. The situation has heightened as doctors often refrain from prescribing generic drugs being sold at 50% discount at the State Health Society-authorized shops suspecting their quality.Moreover, the delay in installation of CT Scan machine and absence of Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) machine at the emergency ward has compounded the woes of patients, who are at times advised to go outside for CT scan and MRI. The Patna high court had in the past passed several orders for installation of CT Scan and MRI machines on the PMCH campus.PMCH deputy superintendent Dr R K Singh said that a new CT Scan machine had arrived and it would be installed soon. He, however, said that there was no indication of arrival of a new MRI machine after the use of the previous one was stopped following complaints by doctors about poor quality of pictures. The old MRI machine was installed under PPP mode.Intriguingly, State Health Society-authorized generic medicine shops on PMCH campus are selling medicines at 50% discount, with some of the sellers selling them with the slogan \"Buy one, get one free.\"However, secretary, health, and executive director, State Health Society, Sanjay Kumar , claimed that under a policy decision of the government, quality generic medicine at lowest rate were being purchased from pharmaceutical companies. Quality of every batch of generic medicine is tested before their supply to the generic medicine shops at government medical college hospitals and other government hospitals, he said. Kumar said that all government doctors had been given clear direction to prescribe only generic medicine as they are cheaper. Kumar said the government would soon start audit of the drugs prescribed by the doctors of government hospitals across the state, including primary health centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11536624", "title": "Fusion of cultures at college", "text": "MYSORE: Call it a showcase of two cultures. Students from South Korea and India on Monday presented cultural events at the Mahajana's College.Hosted as part of the Indo-Korea Friendship Day, students witnessed two different cultures even as the air was heavy with enthusiasm.They enjoyed Korean culture as students from South Korea performed Hansammu, a traditional dance form of Korea, as a part of cultural exchange programme and staged 'Kings of Heart', a play. Students of Mahajana's College performed a classical Indian dance Bharatanatyam and folk dance Kamsale. On the occasion, Korean students made Mysore students wear traditional Korean dress 'hanbok.'Twelve students from two different universities -- Seoul National University of Technology and Hangyang University from South Korea, have been touring South India for a month now. A team of six students from the Seoul National University of Technology visited Dharwad before coming to Mysore, while six members team from Hangyang University toured Chennai and reached Mysore on Saturday.Hyeongho, student of Hangyang University said: \"India and its culture is so interesting. We have seen Chennai and Mysore and I loved this city. It is so calm and free from noise. And Indian dishes are delicious.\" Kim Ye Seul said: \"I loved this country and I feel great to be a part of this exchange programme. I liked the folk dance (Kamsale) performed here.\"Convener of the Forum for Peace and Understanding, Indrani M R, said when they knew that Korean students were visiting, they planned the programme to expose students to other cultures, she said. Mahajana's College principal K V Prabhakar said: \"We have to respect each other's tradition and culture. This builds friendship among the countries leading to world peace.\"Ashwini, a BCom student, said: \"I felt great performing Bharatanatyam for the Korean students. I feel, this dance upholds our culture and I am happy to be part of this event.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535768", "title": "On a different song", "text": "Musicians from non-filmy backgrounds are debuting as film composers this yearWhat is the surest bet to land you the role of a music director in films? Assisting an established composer. But, not anymore! If the recent trend is an indication, all that is needed is for an aspirant to have exhibited his talent in other forms of music - orchestras, bands, jingles and so on. Take the case of Anirudh, who created a sensation out of Kolaveri Di....The youngster hasn't worked with any music director but has been part of two bands, which, he claims, have been his training ground. \"Film music was something that I always wanted to do. Bands were just a stop-gap arrangement that helped me understand other forms of music and shaped my influences,\" he says.Anirudh is perhaps the most recognized among the recent crop of young and talented musicians who are entering films after experimenting with non-film music. Almost half-a-dozen composers, including wellknown guitarist Prasanna (Vazhakku Enn 18/9), M Ghibran (Vaagai Sooda Vaa), Girishh (Marina), Santhosh Narayanan (Atta Kathi) and Vikram (Perumaan), are from a non-film background.An engineer-turned-composer, Girishh G, who has worked as a conductor of orchestras in the UK, says that film music in India is just a form of pop music. He admits that his stints with pop bands in the UK helped him to come up with a new sound when working on Marina. \"I didn't have to work towards getting a new sound. Also, in the West, the scores come under scrutiny, even if they are for short films. So, that helped when composing and conducting a film score,\" he says.Anirudh too opines that coming from a non-film background helps \"100 per cent\". \"I'm lucky to not have assisted other composers in the sense that my music is rooted in my own ideas and the influences I had during my band days,\" he explains.Director Balaji Sakthivel, who is introducing Prasanna, says that the composer was open to new approaches when scoring for his film. \"I played the visuals of the film without any sound for him and asked him to add music or song based on his reaction to the scene. He brought in his keen sense of world music when composing,\" he says.Popular music blogger S Karthik feels that it is the fact that they have not assisted other music directors which makes newer composers unique. \"The usual way to become a composer - to assist another composer - is history. Just like Mani Ratnam, who never assisted another filmmaker before turning director, fresh talents in music who come without the assistant tag bring a clear freshness to their music,\" he says. But he cautions that the impact of their music is based \"only on their maturity and intelligence\". \"They could hopelessly ape the sound of existing composers, or be insisted by producers and directors to replicate earlier successes,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11535104", "title": "CBI gets charge of Deoghar land scam", "text": "RANCHI: The state government has notified the investigation of Deoghar land scam by the CBI. The case was handed over to the CBI recently because of the magnitude of fraud and involvement of a large number of government officials in it.State home secretary J B Tubid said the case had been notified for the CBI investigation by the government. \"The CBI will take up the investigation,\" said Tubid adding the investigative agency would conduct preliminary investigation before it lodges an FIR.The state vigilance bureau will continue with the investigation so that the accused don't get an opportunity to tamper with evidences. The vigilance bureau has registered two FIRs in this connection in Deoghar and Mohanpur circles of Deoghar district. More than 64 people, including government officers, have been made named accused in two cases.Sources in the home department said a large number of government officers in the rank of subdivisional officer, circle officer and registrar were involved in the scam, in which land was transferred by violating the law. \"We expect that more people will be booked by the CBI and the total number of accused will probably cross 100. The total money involved in the scam that has backing of some high profile people will be somewhere around Rs 500-600 crore,\" said an official.The scam came to light last year when deputy commissioner of Deoghar submitted a report to the government on the illegal transfer of land in violation of the Santhal Pargana Tenancy Act. which prohibits transfer of land owned by tribal to a non-tribal. The gang even tampered the records of the government land that was earmarked for grazing ofcattle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11532046", "title": "Contract killer held, pistol recovered", "text": "NEW DELHI: A wanted contract killer, Rizwan Pasha, who allegedly was an associate of infamous inter-state gangster Shaukat Pasha, has been arrested.Police recovered a .32 bore pistol and four live cartridges and a magazine from him.According to the police, Rizwan was arrested on January 12 after he arrived in the capital with his accomplice to target a hawala businessman. \"They were planning to rob the businessman but there was a delay for some reason. He parked his bike in the MCD parking in Daryaganj area. They went towards UP and left their pistol inside the bike's boot fearing an intense checking drive in UP ahead of the elections,\" said a source.He has confessed to his involvement in several heinous crimes. Rizwan was first caught after he killed one of his associates Abdul Hafeez alias Nausi in Jamia Nagar area in March with Shaukat Pasha and two other associates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "11533088", "title": "Man drowns while trying to save family members, loses son", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: A 10-year-old boy and his father met a watery grave in Tamirabarani river in Tirunelveli, on Tuesday.The man had in fact ventured into the river to save his drowning son, but was dragged by the water current. Three others, including two children were admitted to the hospital as they were also about to drown but saved. The incident occurred at around 12 noon.Police said that L Alwar alias Suresh of Bajanai Koil Theru in Kothali of Tuticorin district had along with his family went to Tamirabarani river near Seevalaperi to take bath. The family was taking bath in the river when Alwar's son Harihara Sudhan (10) and two of his relatives' children M Sriram (12) and B Jayachandran (15) ventured deep into the river. Police said that the three started raising an alarm after they were dragged by the water current.Alwar, who heard their cries rushed to their rescue and managed to pull Sriram and Jayachandran to a safer place. He then again went deep to rescue his son who was by then dragged further into the river. However, Alwar himself was caught in the deep waters and was dragged away by the water current. Alwar's wife, Kalaimani (32), who was watching the horror unfurling in front of her, too, got into the deep waters and was about to drown. But the public, who were in the vicinity rushed there and saved her. However, their attempt to save Alwar and Sudhan proved futile.While Kalaimani, Sriram and Jayachandran were sent to the government hospital for treatment, fire and rescue services officials were informed. The team of fire service personnel rushed to the spot and began a search for the father and son. However, they could fish out only the bodies of Alwar and Sudhan by evening.Police said that the family of Alwar were native of Tuticorin and were not used to the spot where they took a bath. \"They had taken bath at the spot last year. When they passed through the way today (Tuesday), they decided to take a bath and entered the river,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11533891", "title": "City zoo gets most visitors in a decade", "text": "CHENNAI: The Vandalur zoo, 32km south of Chennai, drew a record 63,000 visitors on Tuesday, Kaanum Pongal, earning over Rs 11 lakh in revenue, an increase of more than Rs one lakh over the collection on the same day last year. The day also saw people visiting other popular places in the city, including the Marina beach, the trade fair at Island Grounds, the planetarium and the Children's Park in Guindy, in large numbers. As many as 1.5 lakh people thronged the Marina, according to police estimates.The number of visitors to the Vandalur zoo, always a popular spot on this day, is said to be the highest in a decade. Every year, on an average, at least an additional 15% of visitors come to the zoo, officials said. Last year, 57,217 visitors came on Kaanum Pongal day while in 2010, 56,555 visitors poured in. On Tuesday, \"No untoward incident happened. Special arrangements, including an additional 150 bus services and an ambulance with doctors, were made,\" zoo director KSSVP Reddy, who is also chief conservator of forests, told TOI.In anticipation of the space needed for the huge crowds expected, lion and elephant safari rides were cancelled and battery-run vehicles were also not operated. Many visitors also spent a lot of time watching birds at the lake.Five-month-old lion cub Veera, named by chief minister J Jayalalithaa in September last year, was the star attraction in his special enclosure. Most of the visitors, especially children, remained in front of the lion cub's enclosure, enjoying the sight of Veera playing with bone-shaped toys. However, with the crowd refusing to move, officials found it difficult to take the cub out for rest and feeding. \"Wild species, especially cubs, need rest. The lion cub was exhausted,\" said a zoo official.\"We, especially my seven-year-old daughter, enjoyed watching the lion cub. We thoroughly enjoyed our time,\" said K Sanjay Kumar, a tourist from Adyar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531599", "title": "Sexual assault on kid: Convict\u2019s plea junked", "text": "NEW DELHI: Coming to the rescue of a sexual assault victim, a trial court has said that variations in deposition by the victim at the age of six - when she was assaulted - and ten years later at the age of 16 are merely due to difference in understanding of a child and a girl and cannot be held against her.The court made this observation while rejecting the appeal filed by a man, who was sentenced to three years in jail by a magisterial court for sexually assaulting a six-year-old girl back in 2000. Convict Mohammad Shahid had challenged his conviction and sentence arguing that there were variations in the victim's description of how she was assaulted as in her statement to police.Additional Sessions Judge Pawan Kumar Jain rejected his argument, saying the variations are minor differences in the way the incident has been described as per the understanding of a six-year-old child and then after she gained maturity. \"Even after a decade, the victim vividly described the incident in the court, which proves how the sad incident imprinted her mind,\" the court said.The court noted that Shahid was \"a mature person of 27 years at the time of the incident and despite that he had sexually assaulted a six-year-old girl to satisfy his lust\". In June 2000, Shahid had taken the victim to a secluded place in Kamla Market and forced her to drink his urine. It was further alleged that he had kissed the victim and threatened her not to disclose the incident to anyone or else he would kill her.The ASJ, however, reduced his jail term from three years to 18 months considering he was facing the trial for the last 10 years during which he was not involved in any other crime. A fine of Rs 9,000 was also imposed on him, out of which Rs 7,000 was ordered to be paid as compensation to the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11530869", "title": "20 cattle rescued in Gondia", "text": "GONDIA: Gondia Police rescued 20 cattle which were being taken to slaughter house on Sunday. The cattle were crammed into a truck, which was going from Changera village in Madhya Pradesh border to the slaughter house of Kamptee. The truck has been seized, while cattle were sent rescue home.The special police squad formed by district superintendent of police, Gondia, received a tip-off that a truck carrying the cattle will pass through Katangi in the early hours of Sunday. tnnSo they laid a trap near Katangi check post on Tiroda road. They intercepted a suspected truck and found the cattle inside it.Gondia Police has registered an offence against Bhushan Tarare (21) of Kamptee, Ashok Bagade (20) and Rafiq Wasim Khan (20) both from Changera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11532453", "title": "UGDP ups ante ahead of polls, plays Muslim card", "text": "MARGAO: In a bid to wean the minorities away from the Congress party, the United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP) is now considering fielding Muslim candidates in some constituencies to contest on the regional party ticket for the upcoming assembly election.Vice-president of the UGDP Radharao Gracias strongly justified the demand put forth by various Muslim fronts for at least four Congress tickets. \"The Muslim community has always supported the Congress. But what has the Congress party done for the Muslims all these years? The Congress never gives tickets to poor and deserving candidates like the Muslims, the gawdas and other scheduled tribes. They should kick out the Congress, we are ready to give them tickets,\" Gracias said, adding that the UGDP was considering fielding a Muslim candidate in Fatorda and Nuvem.He made these remarks while addressing mediapersons after welcoming the chairperson of the Quepem municipal council, Manuel Colaco, and a former seafarer, Jose 'Branny' Fernandes into the party fold. Colaco and Fernandes will contest as candidates of the UGDP-Goa Vikas Party (GVP) alliance from Quepem and Cuncolim constituencies respectively.\"Ours is a soft alliance. We will decide who is the better candidate (of the ones proposed by both alliance partners), as the campaign progresses,\" secretary general of the UGDP Anacleto Viegas said. Gracias, however, hinted that the alliance may fall apart if the GVP maintained a rigid posture over seat-sharing. \"If the GVP wants to contest in all the places where we have our candidates, we may not be able to go ahead with the alliance, it may break,\" Gracias said.Viegas urged people not to support independent candidates. \"Our whole political system is based on political parties. Independent candidates are proxy warriors for Congressmen, most of whom are disgruntled candidates. Don't vote for them,\" Viegas said.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11532376", "title": "IIM-A student to deliver doctors at your door step", "text": "AHMEDABAD: One of the striking features about the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad (IIM-A) is the astonishing pay packages that its students are offered.A student of the coveted institute, Siddharth Shah, was the first student from his batch to be picked up by a leading global investment bank during the summer internship. The company paid him Rs 2.5 lakh per month during the internship. With such credentials, Shah would be among the highest paid students of the institute in the campus placement.Shah, who is going to graduate from the institute's flagship course in a few months, however, is the first among the brave hearts of his batch to have opted out from the institute's campus placement. Shunning corporate jobs, the 23-year-old student decided to follow his passion and set up his own business firm.Shah will be providing doctors and medicines at your doorstep at a phone call. \"We can order a pizza to be home delivered within 30 minutes but there is no such service for getting a doctor home. There are also issues of medical services not reaching the rural population effectively. My idea is to set up a platform to bridge such gaps in the sector through the innovative use of existing technologies,\" said Shah.\"I have always followed my passion. Leadership is one of them. By becoming an entrepreneur, I can be a leader from the very first day of my career,\" said Shah, who was the head-boy of his school and students' representative in his college days. He had also been the national go-karting champion for three consecutive years.Shah's family hails from Gujarat but is now settled in Mumbai. While both his parents are doctors, Shah drew most of his inspiration from his father who is the founder of various hospitals in Mumbai.However, the young entrepreneur is determined not to lean on his parents for his venture. \"I have to pay off my education loan but I am neither going to lean on my parents for this nor for the venture. I will be sourcing my own finance,\" he said.\"For a student of IIM-A, capital is not a problem with so many banks ready to offer loans. What stops many people from becoming entrepreneurs is the fear of the risks involved and the burden of education loans. More than anything else, it is courage that is required to become an entrepreneur,\" said Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11532329", "title": "Goa dairy's new BoD to review earlier decisions", "text": "PONDA: Shrikant P Naik, who headed 'the Goa dairy Bachao panel,' which emerged victorious in the recently organized elections to the board of directors (BoD) of the Goa dairy, has said that his directors would rectify all the wrong decisions taken by the earlier BoD.Speaking exclusively to TOI, Naik said that his BoD would restore Goa dairy's previous glory. Stating that as per the audit report the dairy had suffered a loss of 2.54 crore, during the financial year 2010-2011, Naik said his BoD would review all the decisions taken by the earlier BoD.Naik said that although the dairy sales had declined, the earlier BoD employed surplus staff. \"In 2006, when the sale of milk was 90,000 litres per day, the dairy had just 150 personnel. While in 2011, the sales have dipped to 68,000 litres per day, but the staff has risen to 250,\" Naik said.Stating that they would work on new plans to accommodate the surplus staff, Naik clarified that the staff absorbed by the earlier BoD cannot be removed as it would create unemployment. Naik said he would also review the recent milk price hike. \"If possible we will cut the milk price by at least 2 per litre,\" he said.The dairy had conducted elections on Sunday and voted the Shrikant Naik panel to power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11534473", "title": "Additional pension benefits for ex-Lokayukta", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Paving the way for additional benefits for former Haryana Lokayukta, Justice (retd) N K Sud on account of having served as high court judge as well as Lokayukta, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday dismissed the state government's petition opposing pension for him as a former Lokayukta.While dismissing Haryana's stand, a division bench headed by Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi held, \"Section 6 (4) of the Haryana Lokayukta Act, 2002, in our considered view, explicitly makes pension payable to a Lokayukta.\"A former judge of the Punjab and Haryana high court, Justice Sud had taken over as Lokayukta in January 2006, after retiring as judge from the HC. He retired as Lokayukta towards the end of 2009.In December 2010, Justice Ranjit Single of the high court had allowed pension to him at applicable rates for the services rendered by him as Haryana Lokayukta, in addition to the pension drawn by him for services rendered as a high court judge.Dissatisfied with the high court order, the Haryana government had moved an appeal before the division bench of the HC through a letter patent appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11530852", "title": "No coercive action against cell towers, HC tells BMC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Tuesday restrained the BMC from taking \"coercive action\" against mobile towers while hearing petitions challenging levy of premium by the civic body.Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar were hearing a clutch of petitions by companies challenging the new guidelines framed by the BMC that included a levy of a premium based on a land rate and floor space index and which for the first time is sought to be made payable annually.The petitioners contended that even though Section 22 (m) the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act is amended but that amendment did not authorize the BMC to levy a premium merely by an administrative circular.Advocate Fredum DeVitre , appearing for ATC Infrastructure, submitted that two previous division benches have already struck down levy of premium on towers and that the BMC was not authorized by any law to levy such premium and also that an amendment to the MRTP Act does not alter the position.Granting an injunction restraining the BMC from taking coercive action against the tower firms, including the demolition of towers, the judges have posted the matter for final hearing in February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11531091", "title": "Pench staff seize 5 boats but live under fear", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the forest staff patrolling the Pench waters on Tuesday seized five boats hidden in waters by illegal fishermen, the field employees are under constant fear of being attacked by the latter.\"Our men were on the regular patrolling drive when they noticed these boats near Bodhaljhira in the afternoon,\" said A Ashraf, chief conservator of forests (CCF) &amp; field director of Pench tiger reserve.This is the biggest catch after the January 7 firing incident in which 16 illegal fishermen were injured after foresters fired in self-defence. On the day, three nets were seized by the staff involved in the operation.However, even as the boats have been seized, forest staff on the field is demoralized as it is under constant fear of being attacked by a section of fishermen when moving out of the reserve for household chores. The staff is not donning official uniform so that they don't get identified. A group of foresters were saved by good Samaritans last week from being attacked at a weekly market in Paoni.The fishermen, many of whom include anti-social elements, are discontented for being stopped from fishing in Pench, an activity banned by the Supreme Court. To garner support, they are resorting to 'rasta roko' and are also mobilizing local leaders to support them. The forest officials are themselves under constant fear whether their vehicles would be attacked.However, even as fishermen are getting united, forest department is a mute spectator to all the happenings. Except for two CCFs CR Gajbhiye, Nagpur, and A Ashraf, Pench, no other senior officer has visited Pench despite a big incident like firing occurring. The forest secretary was in Tadoba on Saturday and Sunday to monitor relocation work but he too didn't visit Pench. Forest minister Patangrao Kadam has also not visited the spot.It seems the department is taking the sensitive issue of illegal fishing very casually. Senior wildlife wing officials in Nagpur didn't even feel important to organize a meeting with either inspector general of police (IG) or superintendent of police (SP) to chalk out a long-term strategy to curb the illegal fishing problem. Interestingly, IG is the chairman of regional tiger cell while SP is the chief of district tiger cell.The field staff, who returned from the jaws of death on the firing day, is feeling insecure due to lax attitude of the senior forest officials who are harping on the issue only by terming it as illegal. On the other hand, the fishermen are trying to gain sympathy by organizing themselves. The forest department could not even issue an official version on the day of firing incident. It came only the second day when the damage had already been done.Speaking to TOI, field director of Pench A Ashraf tried to downplay the issue saying everything was under control. \"Incidents like firing are bound to scare the staff, but it is part and parcel of the job. After losing their livelihood, the fishermen are bound to retaliate to some extent,\" he said. However, a section of conservationists said this rule should also be applicable to senior officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "kolkata/new delhi", "code": "11531392", "title": "Congress minister calls Mamata Didi dictator after downgrade", "text": "Kolkata/New Delhi: After a bitter showdown over renaming of Indira Bhawan, Trinamool Congress and Congress are back on a collision course with Manoj Chakrabarty - a Congress minister downgraded in a portfolio change - accusing Mamata Banerjee of behaving in a dictatorial fashion and questioning her performance as CM.Livid over being stripped of the parliamentary affairs charge, Chakrabarty claimed to have sought the Congress leadership's permission to resign. His fulminations came a day after the Trinamool Congress chief sprung a surprise with a Cabinet expansion that took away portfolios of two Congress ministers.It is no coincidence that both Chakrabarty and Abu Hena, the other minister to be affected, hail from Murshidabad, a Congress stronghold the Trinamool boss is eager to wean away from her ally. The Lok Sabha seat is represented by Adhir Chowdhury, her arch critic in Congress and the two slighted ministers are believed to be close to him.The fresh trouble, however, evoked a restrained reaction from the Congress leadership hemmed in by TMC's indispensability in UPA's numbers game in Parliament. Congress spokesman Abhishek Singhvi said unilateral actions should be avoided in coalitions but added that things would soon be sorted out in Bengal.Banerjee's move is clearly a deliberate act, in line with her like-it-or-lump-it approach towards Congress. With the two ministers and Chowdhury having lashed out at her during the turbulence over Indira Bhawan, the CM's unambiguous intent is to snub the MP and his loyalists. TMC sources point out she does not intend to leave any doubt about who holds the whip hand in the alliance.An angry Chakrabarty launched a blistering attack on the CM. There was high drama at the Writers Building as he faxed letters to party chief Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi, seeking their nod to resign. He accused the CM of targeting him as he managed to win from Murshidabad.The development bodes ill for the allies who have taken their differences to Kolkata streets. Congress brass is trying to fathom the reasons for the Trinamool chief's provocative acts although some in the party feel she could not have reshuffled Congress portfolios without informing her ally.According to Congress, the Trinamool chief has decided to make the alliance untenable. The repeated veto of big ticket decisions like FDI in retail, Lokpal bill, pension reform and Teesta agreement with Bangladesh has the Congress look at a favourable political situation after UP elections. Yet, its problem lies in not being able to do away with TMC's 19 MPs although it looks to reduce the regional outfit's indispensability.Congress hopes it will have the leverage with Samajwadi Party's 22 MPs to reduce Banerjee's stranglehold and also hopes new assemblies in five poll-bound states give it an upper hand in the presidential election. Much of the calculations revolve around Banerjee's inability of going with the \"saffron\" BJP. The union and railway budgets are a serious concern as well.At least till the assembly results come in, Congress is unlikely to join issue with Banerjee, choosing to swallow the insults and bide its time. The Congress leadership is clear that it will not initiate a split although the alliance may seem to be moving in the direction of a split.For Congressmen, the deliberate provocation was evident from poaching, a strict 'no-go' in coalition politics. Congress minister Abu Naser Khan Chowdhury, brother of ABA Ghani Khan Chowdhury, surprised all by accusing the party of ignoring the Khan Chowdhury family. He is seen to have crossed over, a reason why he was rewarded with Hena's portfolio. The Congress suspects he might be asked to resign and contest on a Trinamool ticket, or even be sent to Rajya Sabha.It would mean another Banerjee bid to enter Malda, a Congress fort where the Khan Chowdhury family is the principal political pole. The rebellion comes after a Congress leader recently resigned from the party and came to Rajya Sabha on a TMC ticket.While Banerjee rebuffed charges of unilateral reshuffle, saying she had informed Manas Bhunia, minister and former PCC chief, Congress saw it as a shrewd attempt to stoke infighting in the party.Chakrabarty did not spare Bhunia, accusing him of playing a \"double role\" - expressing anger at being asked to work in the Banerjee cabinet but in private, speaking against Congress ministers like Subrata Mukherjee and Partha Chatterjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11529566", "title": "Officials mull plan to bifurcate mangement of Tipeshwar wildlife sanctuary", "text": "NAGPUR: The Pench Tiger Reserve officials are working on a proposal to bifurcate management of Tipeshwar wildlife sanctuary in Yavatmal district from Pench.Being 180 km from Nagpur, the biggest problem of 148sqkm Tipeshwar sanctuary is its management. At present, Pench looks after the management of 61sqkm Bor wildlife sanctuary and 257sqkm Pench reserve and yet-to-start 183sqkm Mansinghdeo sanctuary. Except Tipeshwar, all these protected areas (PAs) are within reach.Due to its long distance from Nagpur, Tipeshwar is invariably being neglected. Of late, it is in the news for wrong reasons.On November 20 last year, a full grown male tiger was poached at Bodhbahattar village on the outskirts of Tipeshwar. In January first week, a tigress with two cubs killed a farmer Prahlad Madavi (55) near the sanctuary. On January 13, the same tigress with two cubs was sighted by passengers of a bus crossing the state highway to enter Tipeshwar sanctuary.The sanctuary in Pandharkawda has a forest division looked after by a divisional forest officer (DFO) but he has no control over the sanctuary.Four years ago, a proposal was prepared to hand over the sanctuary to Yavatmal Forest Circle by appointing ACF (Territorial), Pandharkawda, to wildlife and attaching the post to Pench field director.\"This would have helped in better and independent monitoring of Tipeshwar. However, no steps were taken to take the proposal to its logical end,\" sources said.However, in a fresh move, a proposal is being worked out to put Tipeshwar and Painganga sanctuaries, both in Yavatmal, under Akola wildlife division by shifting the post at Pandharkawda or Yavatmal.Similarly, sanctuaries like Katepurna in Akola and Danyanganga in neighbouring Buldhana district, both looked after by Akola division, can be handed over to Akot wildlife division which already looks after Narnala, Wan and Ambabarwa sanctuaries in Melghat. All can be put under the control of Melghat chief conservator of forests (CCF).Sources said by doing this, the district of both the wildlife divisions will not change and it will be convenient for forest officials to deal with one district collector in case of issues like relocation and other management problems.From Yavatmal or Pandharkawda, Painganga and Tipeshwar sanctuaries will be around 100km and 60km respectively. Similar will be the case with sanctuaries under Akot division. \"It will strengthen wildlife management and ensure better control,\" a section of conservationists felt.Meanwhile, state wildlife board member Kishor Rithe has written to principal secretary (forests) Praveen Pardeshi to deploy 24X7 monitoring teams for Tipeshwar tigers. He demanded the post of ACF (territorial) be handed over to wildlife and attach it to Pench field director.\"We urgently need to design and implement an action plan for habitat improvement works in and around the sanctuary to increase the prey base,\" Rithe said.To explore the possibility of extending sanctuary area, considering the rationalisation of boundaries committee proposal, buffer should be created around Tipeshwar to implement eco-development programme (EDP) in surrounding villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11531544", "title": "Capacity at 3 power plants to be raised", "text": "HYDERABAD: Realising that land acquisition is becoming a major problem which is coming in the way of new power plants, the state government has decided to utilise the vacant space at the three existing thermal power plants to generate an additional 2,400 MW of power at a cost of over Rs 12,000 crore.According to sources, the new technology requires less area compared to the older versions of thermal plants and that, it was learnt, has prompted the government to increase the capacity at the Vijayawada, Krishnapatnam and Kothagudem thermal power stations.\"The Krishnapatnam power plant has, at present, two units generating 1600 MW. To this we will add a third unit of 800 MW capacity,\" AP Genco MD K Vijayanand told TOI.The second thermal station is to come up at Vijayawada which at present has a generating capacity of 1760 MW. Apart from the vacant space at the plant, Genco has asked the Vijayawada municipal corporation to provide another 50 acres of wasteland adjacent to the present site so that an 800 MW unit can come up. The third unit, again of 800 MW capacity, will come up at the existing power plant at Kothagudem.\"At the Vijayawada thermal station, there is a problem of augmentation of transmission lines to cater to a higher load. AP Transco has already agreed to lay new transmission line to draw power from this site,\" said Vijayanand.At present, Kothagudem thermal station produces 1720 MW of power. Now that the space available at the site has been surveyed, it has been confirmed that another unit of 800 MW capacity can come up there.\"Apart from the availability of land, the new plant at Kothagudem will also have a water facility. The new unit will have two water sources, one from Kinnerasani river and another from Bhurgumpahad canal,\" Vijayanand explained.The idea of adding capacity to the existing units was mulled after planned new thermal stations, including East Coast, Sompet and Alfa Power, hit a road block due to land acquisition problems. These projects were to have been commissioned by 2012 and 2013 but that is unlikely to happen.At present, the state is struggling with a power shortage of more than 2000 MW daily. Were the three new thermal projects to be expedited and completed in a short time, it would come as a great boon to power consumers. The three new units are expected to be commissioned by next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11532919", "title": "Molestation: Victim\u2019s medical test given a miss", "text": "PANCHKULA: In what can be termed as blatant negligence on the part of the police, the medical test for the college girl, who was allegedly molested by a laboratory assistant late Monday evening, was not done.According to senior lawyers, medical is mandatory even if it's a case of assault, and particularly in this case as the girl was locked up for three hours inside the laboratory with the assistant. The assistant was booked under sections 342 (wrongful confinement), 354 (assault) and 506 (criminal intimidation). He has been released on bail.\"In this case since the girl was locked inside the laboratory for about three hours and was there with the assistant, the police should have got the medical done. Even if there were some injury marks, the assistant could be booked under attempt to rape,\" said senior advocate Suresh Rohilla. He further added, \"At least they should have bothered to check whether there was any attempt of rape or not.\"Echoing similar views, senior lawyer Virender Singh, said, wherever such type of allegation is made by a girl, the first and the foremost thing by the police should be the medical. \"Even if its just a case of assault, it is the duty of the cops to get the medical done,\" he added.When contacted, SHO Dalip Kumar, said, \"We never felt the need to get the medical of the girl done.\"The sections under which the police have booked the assistant are all bailable offences and even the punishment is mild, whereas if the medical of the girl was done and even little injury marks were found, the accused would have been booked under the offence of attempt to rape which is a non bailable offence thereby making the punishment strong.It was on late Monday evening when a BA second year student of Government college for girls, sector-14, Panchkula, had alleged that she was molested by a laboratory assistant when she was working in the geology laboratory. In her complaint, the girl said around 2pm the assistant Santar Pal came and locked the door from inside. He assaulted her and it was after the principal saw, police was called.According to sources in police, the accused had molested the girl four times in the past too but the girl had not complained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11532807", "title": "PGI set be largest bed hospital", "text": "CHANDIGARH: PGI is set to be a 1,850-bed hospital as additional 250 beds have been finally approved by UT administration for the institute. This capacity is more than AIIMS, Delhi which has 1,803 beds. Giving some respite to the already patient-overloaded institute, these additional beds will provide more space for the terminally ill.Environment clearance, which is still awaited, is a roadblock for this project as over 30 trees will have to be axed. Though, PGI is yet to receive the official communique, the project has been sent to the administration for approval and clearance. \"We have not received any letter,\" said official spokesperson, PGI.This additional facility will cater primarily to cancer patients. There are 80 private rooms, 40 beds for ENT, 25 for liver specialty and 25 for endocrinology,\" said the official spokesperson.The 40 crore project had been awaiting approval and environmental clearance. \"This will make city unique as PGI will them become the largest bedded hospital. Even AIIMS does not have such strength,\" said a senior faculty. The hospital will be built adjacent to the Nehru Hospital (old OPD). The project is a part of the expansion plan of PGI which includes the advanced trauma centre too. \"At present there is 200% bed occupancy in the emergency and 5,000 patients daily report in OPDs. The project was planned keeping the patient load in mind,\" said another senior faculty.In addition to offering more beds to patients in some of the specialties, those looking for private rooms will have a total of 170 rooms. There are 90 private rooms and with additional 80, those vying for a comfortable room will find it easy. Also, the income generated from these additional private rooms can be used for patient care,\" said an official in hospital administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11533055", "title": "Legendary Nagaswaram vidwan Ponnuthayi dead", "text": "MADURAI: One of the few nagaswaram woman vidwans in Tamil Nadu, M S Ponnuthayi passed away on Tuesday morning after a brief illness. She was survived by her son and two daughters and grandchildren.\"She was suffering with chronic ulcer for the last 13 years, an occupational disease for all nagaswaram vidwans. She developed kidney complications before 10 days which worsened, taking her life,\" her son Thangavel Murugan said.Ponnuthayi, who hailed from Madurai, had carved a name for herself and also the most sought after musician in the state as well as abroad. She was the first and only woman to perform at Sabarimala for Lord Ayyappa.Born in the year 1929 to Sripathy and Subhuthai from Palani, they moved to Madurai when she was a child. Hailing from a musical family, Ponnuthayi was introduced to the nagaswaram instrument when she was just 10. She learnt from the great masters that time with her gurus being P Natesa Pillai, astana vidwan of Madurai Meenakshi Amman temple and Ramiah Pillai, astana vidwan of Sethur Jamin. She impressed the nagaswaram legend T N Rajarathnam Pillai as a teen when she was 16, and her family still values the autograph given by him wishing her all success.Married to Chidambara Mudaliar at the age of 19, the couple became successful in their lives with Mudaliar becoming the Madurai Municipal chairman and a four-time MLC. Ponnuthayi also rose to greater heights as her music was always in demand across the state. She went around all the places with her troupe playing in temples, as well as other functions. When Gandhi Museum was inaugurated in 1959, Ponnuthayi performed during inaugural ceremony. She received gold medallions from the hands of then president S Radhakrishnan and chief minister Bakthavatsalam.It was the social stigma that claimed her career after her husband died in 1972. \"People thought that how can a widow play 'mangala isai' at temples and marriages. Hence my mother shrunk herself to singing bhajans at Kalyana Ganesar temple, she constructed at Alagar Nagar in 1974. During the Tamil month of 'purattasi', young talented musicians were asked to perform in the temple giving them an opportunity. She was doing it religiously till last year,\" Thangavel said.Ponnuthayi was bestowed with many titles to her credit. The first being 'Nada Gana Arasi' awarded by the Madurai Tamil Sangam and the last being the Kalaimamani in 1990.Impressed by her performances, IT giant Microsoft took one of her music pieces to be played in its headquarters. An American girl, Karisha King impressed by her profile came to stay with her for one full year to learn nagaswaram. Yet, the family is pained that she was not given the due recognition by the governments.\"I will not say that my mother was the first woman to play nagaswaram, but nobody else rose to such heights, which was traditionally considered the male bastion. But, she was not even given the pension for artists. She should have been given Padmashree long back, but the government paid no heed when we sent her profile to them,\" Thangavel added.Unfortunately, none of her children picked up music as their career. It was only her grandson, Vigneswaran who learnt the mridangam and kadam. Of late, he started learning nagaswaram from her but the opportunity will never come again, Vigneswaran said.\"She was an ocean in music but never boasted about her talent or used her influence to get things done. She considered self-dignity as most important and felt that the glory will come for the deserving,\" he added. She was a great and selfless teacher who never hid anything from the disciples was the comment of N Baskaran who learnt vocal music from her in 1988.Ponnuthayi's final rites will be held at her daughter's house in Sivagami Nagar, Aathikulam by 10 am, the relatives informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "11535319", "title": "Cachar garden to reopen next week", "text": "SILCHAR: Bhuvan Valley Tea Estate in Cachar district, which has been locked-out since October last year, is set to reopen on January 23. Cachar deputy commissioner Harendra Kumar Dev Mahanta announced this here on Monday.The lockout of the tea estate, including two of it's out-gardens - Didarkush and Chengjur - owned by Kolkata-based Bhuvan Valley Tea Co Ltd, left 500 workers jobless.The general secretary of the Intuc-affiliated Barak Cha Shramik Union (BCSU), Dinesh Prasad Goala, and members of the garden panchayat alleged that at least nine workers, including four women , have died over the past three months due to starvation. The union submitted the list of names of the workers who died during the lockout period at the meeting with Cachar district authorities and representatives of the administration, the garden management and the Tea Association of India's (TAI) Barak Valley here on Monday.The Cachar deputy commissioner said, \"The workers have submitted the list of dead people who they claim died of starvation, but this needs to be properly investigated.\" The DC has asked the management to make sure the tea estate reopens on January 23 and the latter agreed.The union leaders alleged that the situation in Bhuvan Valley Tea Estate, which has 315 hectares under cultivation, was grim for the past few years in the absence of regular wages, subsidized ration and provident fund benefits.The DC also asked the management to pay the outstanding amount of Rs 7 lakh as wages to the workers for the lockout period immediately. The meeting also discussed the non-payment of Rs 1.8 crore as provident fund of the workers. The DC asked the management to take immediate measures to resolve the issue.In line with the decisions of the meeting, a labour inspector on behalf of the government and a representative of the management on Tuesday visited the garden, located 20 km south of here, which produces nearly 3 lakh kg of processed tea of the CTC variety, to take stock of the situation in the tea estate. The workers welcomed the decision to reopen the garden from next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11531014", "title": "Four more booked for violating poll code of conduct", "text": "NAGPUR: Police have booked four more political leaders for violating the code of conduct following complaints from Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC).As per information available from NMC, Ashi Nagar Zone in North Nagpur has received four complaints related to posters of political parties put up on NMC property.After examining the complaints, civic body officials at Ashi Nagar Zone lodged complaints with the police station.Accordingly, an offence was registered against four persons - Sharad Sarode of Shiv Sena and Manishpal Singh Rajput of Bharatiya Vidyarthi Sena, both from Vaishali Nagar ward no-12; Chandatai Chote and Archanatai Dabhale of BJP from Nara ward no. 1 - under section 3 of Damage to Public Property Act.The total number of offences related to violation of code of conduct has increased to eight, seven from Ashi Nagar zone and one from Dharampeth Zone.Officials are leaving no stone unturned as far as booking violators is concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "11534957", "title": "NPU students protest on foundation day", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The third establishment day function of the Nilamber Pitamber University (NPU) here on the GLA College campus on Tuesday witnessed protests from a group of students.The students belonging to the Pragatisheel Chhatra Morcha were opposed to the idea of celebrating the third establishment day of the university as they believed the university had done little in all these years to enhance the careers of students.The students distributed an 11-point charter of demands among the gathering. The demands included land for university, opening of a bachelor of education degree course in the college, better toilet and drinking water facilities, vacancies to be filled up for the post of lecturer to Grade IV staff, commissioned principals in all four constituent colleges of this university, examinations and publication of results on time and early students' union election and the release of academic calendar.Interestingly, most of the demands were mentioned in the progress report of the university read out by the registrar, Prakash Kumar Verma. He said the Bhubaneswar-based National Council for Teaching Education (NCTE) was delaying the setting up of the B Ed course of the university.The establishment day was inaugurated by vice-chancellor Firoz Ahmad. He exhorted the students to perform well in all walks of life, be it academic or sports.The university also felicitated its retired teaching and non-teaching staff. A girl student, Anwaree, who had won the Indo-Sri Lanka badminton championship in Sri Lanka was honoured. A retired head of the English department, N K Singh, was also honoured along with others.Pro-vice chancellor Ramesh K Pandey spoke about the monetary benefits to be given to the staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chittoor", "code": "11531332", "title": "Man \u2018kills\u2019 two nephews, dumps bodies in well", "text": "CHITTOOR: Two children were allegedly murdered by their uncle in Chittoor district on Tuesday. The bodies of Divakar and Surya were found in a well in Thotapalem in Nellore district.The boys along with their mother Meena had gone to Tirupati to stay with their uncle Nagaraju for Sankranti festivities last week.Sources said Nagaraju took the children out with a promise to buy them new clothes but returned without them. He told Meena that they had gone missing.After three days of search, the boys were found dead in a well on the outskirts of Thotapalem. Police believe Nagaraju took the boys to the village, killed them and later dumped their bodies in the well. The accused was taken into police custody.Meanwhile, Thotapalem was tense as villagers gathered in large numbers demanding that the police handover the accused to them. Angry villagers stopped the vehicle of Karvetinagaram CI and insisted that the cops hand over Nagaraju to them as they wanted to teach him a lesson for murdering two innocent children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11532766", "title": "Poachers kill 6 blackbucks in Bishnoi-dominated belt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a huge embarrassment to Haryana wildlife department, six blackbucks were allegedly killed by poachers in the Bishnoi-dominated Adampur belt of Hisar over the past week.Back in 2004, blackbuck killings had caused resentment in the Bishnoi community, which puts the animal on a high pedestal. The recent incidents took place in Adampur. Three blackbucks, including a pregnant doe, were found to be hunted on Tuesday morning and afternoon near Dhanis.In Sadalpur village, two blackbucks were killed. A pregnant blackbuck also fell prey to poachers' hunting dogs after it ran for safety, following firing of a gunshot, in the same region. Narsingh, a farmer working in his fields, was the first to hear the sound of the gun shot. \"He discovered that a pack of dogs were pouncing on the blackbuck. Villagers shooed them away and rushed the injured herbivore to a hospital where it died,'' Bansi Dhar, a resident of Adampur said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535551", "title": "Haranath Chakraborty\u2019s hooch film", "text": "Fighting social evils through films is something that Tollywood has always been good at. Now, in a recent venture, it's director Haranath Chakraborty's turn to take on the recent hooch tragedy by the horns.His film on the after effects of drinking spurious country liquor will be aired on private Bengali channels soon. Said the director, \"The death toll in the recent hooch tragedy in West Bengal's South 24-Parganas and the condition of the people battling for life in various hospitals made me heart broken. We were discussing this with chief minister Mamata Banerjee when she asked me to make a short film on this. I am targeting this as a social awareness campaign so that people become aware of the after effect of consuming this poisonous liquor.The music of the film will be scored by Nachiketa while Didi herself has penned the lyrics. I have cast Ranjit Mallick, Debasree Roy, Tapas Paul, June and Dev in this project where they will be lip synching to the songs sung by Nachiketa. In the background we will have real footage of such horrifying incidents. I have shown the film to Didi and she liked it. I just hope that people become aware and rectify themselves after watching this film,\" said the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11532548", "title": "\u2018Hormone therapy not tied to breast cancer\u2019", "text": "LONDON: In what may spark a fierce debate, researchers claim that hormone replacement therapy doesn't raise a woman's risk of developing breast cancer.A previous research, titled the Million Women Study, suggested that women taking hormone replacement therapy (HRT) were twice as likely to develop breast cancer and more likely to die from it than those not taking the therapy. But, an international team, led by Samuel Shapiro from the University of Cape Town, now says the Million Women Study, carried out by Oxford University , is \"fundamentally flawed\" , the Daily Telegraph reported.According to researchers, there were many flaws in the Million Women Study, including that women may have already had breast cancer when they were enrolled in the research , and that they were at increased risk of dying within three years which was \"biologically implausible\".\"The name 'Million Women Study' implies an authority beyond criticism or refutation. Here we conclude that the evidence in the Million Women Study was indeed unreliable. There were defects in the study design, and the findings did not adequately satisfy the principles of causation.\"HRT may or may not increase the risk of breast cancer but the Million Women Study did not establish that it does,\" Shapiro wrote in the Journal of Family Planning and Reproductive Health Care'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11532150", "title": "Cold wave conditions intensify in state", "text": "JAIPUR: After a warm spell the cold wave intensified in the state as mercury dipped in most of the cities in the state. Mount Abu and Pilani remained the coldest in the state in hills and plains with a minimum temperature of 4 and 4.8 degrees Celsius, respectively, the met reports said on Tuesday.Attributing this change to the passing of the western disturbances and revival of factors including upper air cyclonic circulation and northerly winds, the met office said that mercury would dip across the state in coming days.Jaipurities woke up to a chilly Tuesday morning. \"On Monday Jaipur had recorded a minimum temperature of 12.4 degrees Celsius while on Tuesday it was 6 degrees Celsius, almost 2 degrees below the normal minimum temperature,\" said a met official.Early morning fog and mist affected normal life and vehicular traffic, especially on the highways like Jaipur-Agra, Jaipur-Delhi and Jaipur-Sriganganagar. Likewise, at least a dozen early morning Jaipur-bound trains arrived late at the Jaipur railway station.Though there was no major effect on the flight movement, yet a few early morning flights landed late at the international terminal of Jaipur airport.The met office forecasted that a dip up to 4 degrees Celsius would be witnessed in the minimum temperatures in the next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11530986", "title": "Settlement offer for defaulters of defunct Mahila bank", "text": "NAGPUR: The cooperation department has approved a one-time settlement scheme (OTS) for defaulters of the now defunct Nagpur Mahila Nagari Sahakari Bank. A final decision will be taken soon by members of the board of liquidators in-charge of the bank after which proposals will be invited from borrowers.However, even as liquidators hope to recover the dues through this scheme, it does not bring any cheer to the depositors. The total overdue in this bank stands at 27 crore but the first claim on the amount is of the Deposit Insurance Guarantee Corporation (DICGC), said a source in the department involved in bank's liquidation.DICGC, a central government agency, had released 19 crore to be paid as insurance claim to the depositors. Those having deposits up to 1 lakh got a full refund. The rest will have to wait for the dues to be recovered. Even as over 27 crore are still owed to 1585 depositors, liquidators will have to first pay 19 crore to the DICGC. The amount of both deposits and overdue are almost the same.Strangely, even though DICGC charges a premium to be paid by the bank for insuring deposits, it gets back the compensation paid from any recovery made later by the bank or by liquidators. Moreover, DICGC only pays the amount that is short after repaying the deposits from bank's own funds. In case of Mahila Bank too, out of 42 crore to be paid as insurance compensation only 19 crore came from DICGC. The rest was paid from bank's own funds.OTS is an opportunity for the defaulters to pay a consolidated amount due till a certain date, with the rest of the dues being waived off. If the defaulters do not avail of it, they may face recovery proceedings in court or even prosecution. In case of Mahila Bank, all the accounts which have been classified as doubtful or loss, as on March 31, 2005, will be eligible for the settlement scheme. The principal and interest till this date along with any other expenses charged, will be payable.The scheme is, however, not open to the directors or their relatives or even those accounts having their guarantees. Loans to firms, companies and societies in which the directors of their relatives have a personal interest will not be eligible for the scheme too. The scheme ends on March 2012.However, sources in the cooperation department are keeping their fingers crossed over the response to the scheme. Similar schemes have already been approved in two other banks-- Samata Sahakari Bank and Parmatma Ek Sevak Bank whose licences wee cancelled too. However, the response has been poor so far. In Samata Bank has over 70 crore overdues of which 60 crore is owed by just 11 entities. Only two have turned up to talk and no deal has been struck so far. The bank will have to pay over 38 crore to the DICGC.In Parmatma Ek Sevak Bank where too the liquidators are not happy with the response to OTS, the overdues stand at 19 crore. The bank has to pay 31 crore to the DICGC, leaving nothing for the depositors. The bank's recovery since it went into liquidation over two year ago is not more than 1 crore, which includes the amount received through OTS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh road", "code": "11535176", "title": "Simmi wants to play billiards with business tycoon Mallya", "text": "CHANDIGARH ROAD: Simmi, general manager in a city hotel, declares that she's a big fan of Vijay Mallya and playing billiards with him is her dearest wish.A resident of Chandigarh Road, Simmi also wants a Rolls Royce, go river rafting, build a penthouse in Daman&Diu;, meet Anil Kapoor and do social service. \"I like everything about Mallya - walk, talk and solitaire in ear. I think his house in Goa is the best,\" she says.Simmi, a mother of two girls , has many tasks to fulfil before the world ends. She plans to buy a Rolls Royce and drive across the country. \"I also love adventure sports, especially river rafting. My favourite hang out would be Kodiyala in Uttrakhand and Manali in Himachal Pradesh,\" says Simmi.Next, she wants to have a penthouse in Daman and Diu. \"Because the place is clean, green and has a lot of peace. I also want to meet Anil Kapoor, who was awesome in Janbaaz movie,\" she says. Further, Simmi said, \"I want to continue doing charity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "naughara mohalla", "code": "11535188", "title": "Trust loses martyr's house", "text": "NAUGHARA MOHALLA: Shaheed Sukhdev Singh Thapar's ancestral house in Naughara Mohalla was finally taken in possession by the district administration on Tuesday amid protests from members of Shaheed Sukhdev Thapar Memorial Trust.The government paid no heed when the martyr's property was in dismal condition, but when it has been restored and brought back to life, they have taken its possession, alleged the Trust members. On Saturday, police had returned unsuccessful when trust members presented a copy of a writ petition they had filed in high court.President of Shaheed Sukhdev Thapar Memorial Ashok Thapar said, \"After hearing our plea, the Punjab and Haryana high court had issued a notice to the state government asking it to look into the matter. Even then the officials came along with a police force of around 200 personnel and took possession of the house by putting their lock on it.\"Thapar said they would present their case in High Court on January 23 and would even go to Supreme Court if denied justice. General secretary of the trust Sandeep Thapar said according to the regulations of archaeological conservation, there shouldn't be any activity within 100m radius of monument. \"But, this place has numerous old buildings and markets around it. And if the administration has taken possession of the house, they could even ask people to vacate the houses and markets in the vicinity.Assistant commissioner of police (central) Ravneet Chaudhary said court had not put a stay on taking possession, just issued a notice to Punjab government. \"We followed all the directions,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11532709", "title": "Extradition not cancelled: CBI", "text": "The CBI claimed in New Delhi on Tuesday that the Portugal Supreme Court (SC ) had not cancelled underworld don Abu Salem's extradition and only a technical point had been raised . It said the order would not have any repercussion on Salem's status and the trials against him in India.A spokesperson of the CBI, the nodal Indian agency for extradition cases , said the government would explore the possibility of approaching the constitutional bench of Portugal , challenging the SC order .India had assured Portugal it would not slap charges that invited the death penalty and would not keep him behind bars for more than 25 years . But the Delhi and Mumbai Police slapped charges which attracted death penalty , leaving the government and the CBI red-faced . Later , the police wanted to withdraw the charges , but the courts did not approve of it.\"The Portugal SC has upheld the decision of court of appeal , Lisbon , through which it had held that there was a breach of the rule of specialty in the matter of extradition of Abu Salem . There is expected to be no repercussion on the status of Abu Salem and on the ongoing trial against him . Trial courts at Lucknow and Mumbai have rejected his petitions ,\" the spokesperson said.Salem had filed a petition in the HC in Lisbon alleging violation of the rule of specialty after which a judgment was pronounced on September 19, 2011, saying there had been a breach of the Indian undertaking given to the Portuguese authorities.India said the slapping of additional charges on Salem was within the ambit of section 21(b) of the Extradition Act, 1962, which stated that they could be imposed on an accused if they were of lesser offence under which the person had been extradited.New Delhi had assured Portuguese courts that fresh charges against Salem attracted less jail terms than offences for which he had been extradited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11531480", "title": "Builders urge CM to roll back ready reckoner rates", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry (MCHI) met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday demanding rollback of Ready Reckoner (RR) rates to 2011 levels and a solution for the enormous delay from the state administration in getting clearances for building projects.\"The MCHI informed Chavan that the steep rise of 46% in RR rates is one of the key reasons for the common man finding property prices unaffordable. The delegation requested the administration to roll back the prices to 2011 levels,\" said a senior Mantralaya official.TOI has recently reported that the state (with effect from January 1, 2012) has increased the RR rates, following which areas like Versova, Prabhadevi and Dadar might see hike of nearly 25 to 35% in property prices. The RR is used to calculate the market value for stamp duty and registration charges and is source of revenue for the state government.\"The MCHI further stated that several permissions from state government and civic administration are required for the building project. Also, it takes many months for obtaining NA (non-agriculture) certificate. This delays the project, escalating its cost. The 'financial burden' is ultimately passed to the flat buyer,\" the official added. They also requested Chavan to resolve hurdles in creating 5 lakh houses under 'Housing for All' scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11530637", "title": "Justice Srikrishna appointed mediator", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Wednesday appointed retired Supreme Court judge Justice B N Srikrishna to be the mediator in the dispute over construction of flats for underprivileged Parsis by the Bombay Parsi Punchayet (BPP) at Panthaky Baug, Andheri.Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar were hearing a plea by the Punchayet for time extension in construction of flats \"for poor, needy and deserving\" persons from the community. On October 15, 2009, the HC set aside the joint charity commissioner's order preventing the BPP from selling 108 flats in two buildings.The court allowed BPP to sell these flats at market rates to cross-subsidize housing for needy Parsis. BPP's counsel Rafiq Dada said 21 floor-buildings with 300 flats to be given on an ownership basis, under the merit rating scheme, would be constructed. \"But trustees are unable to complete it since two years due to reasons beyond their control,\" said Dada.\"The BPP moved the BMC immediately for permission but they are yet to be obtained and other issues have also cropped up,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11531577", "title": "Mercedes rams into car; no casualties", "text": "NEW DELHI: A rashly driven Mercedes allegedly rammed into a car on Monday night in Keshavpuram area in northwest Delhi. The incident was reported from Keshavpuram area in Northwest Delhi.No casualties were reported in the incident. The Mercedes car bore an Assembly parking sticker. Both the vehicles were badly damaged in the collision, said a cop. After the collision, the doors of SX4 car got locked from inside and the occupants could only be taken out after eyewitnesses broke open the windscreens. The driver of the SX4, Harsh Bijoria, is a computer engineer, police said.The errant driver, however, fled from the spot after the accident but was arrested in the morning by the police. He was identified as Anish Garg, a businessman's son residing in Shakti Nagar area, police said.Police said that he was not drunk as per medical examination.In another incident, a speeding truck rammed into a house in Gulabi Bagh area of north Delhi after the driver lost control on it. The impact was such that the wall of the house was damaged.In another incident, a speeding truck rammed into a house in Gulabi Bagh area of north Delhi after the driver of the truck lost control. The impact was such that the wall of the house crumpled down and the truck went and haulted inside the house. Luckily, no one from the house sustained injuries in the incident, however, the driver of the truck suffered with injuries. The cops booked the driver of the truck and charged him with rash driving. The accident cell is investigating both the cases, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "11536456", "title": "Mercury dips in Kashmir, Leh records minus 19.9 degree C", "text": "SRINAGAR: Mercury dipped across Kashmir on Wednesday bringing back the chill in the Valley after three days of respite from the extreme weather.In the Valley, the minimum temperature dropped for the first time in three days. Residents have been experiencing a rare respite from the cold wave which began in early December last year.Mercury in Srinagar settled at minus 1.4 degrees Celsius, a drop of 0.2 degrees from yesterday, the official said.He said the minimum temperature in the famous skiing resort of Gulmarg in north Kashmir plunged to minus 12.4 degrees Celsius, a drop of 3.7 degrees from yesterday.In the south Kashmir tourist resort of Pahalgam, the minimum temperature was recorded at minus 12.2 degrees Celsius.The south Kashmir gateway town of Qazigund recorded a low of minus 4.2 degrees Celsius, while north Kashmir's frontier town of Kupwara recorded a minimum of minus 2.4 degrees Celsius.The snowfall earlier this week came as a big relief for the people, bringing an end to the intense cold wave during which the mercury plunged to minus 7.8 degrees Celsius in Srinagar city.Leh town in remote Ladakh region recorded a minimum of minus 19.9 degrees Celsius, a drop of 11.3 degrees from yesterday, a MeT official said.He said the minimum temperature in the nearby Kargil district, also in Ladakh region, slipped to a low of minus 19.0 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "11531258", "title": "Student dies after being hit by train", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: An engineering student died after being hit by a local train in Bisrakh area in Greater Noida while he was listening to music on his cell phone and walking on the railway tracks near Chipiyana village. Eyewitnesses said that he could not hear the warning whistle of the EMU train as he had his earphones plugged in. The victim, identified as Ashish, was rushed to the district hospital in Ghaziabad by local residents where he succumbed to his injuries. Cops said the deceased was a resident of Lakhimpur Khiri and was pursuing B.Tech from an engineering college in Ghaziabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "badal (muktsar)", "code": "11533235", "title": "Family cook rustles up dream of Badals united", "text": "Badal (Muktsar): The onions are peeled, tomatoes chopped. Minced chicken sits in a glass bowl and clarified butter in the refrigerator . His kitchen is a model of neatness.For six decades, cook Midha Singh, 76, has rustled up a success story in the Badal kitchen, feeding his masters lip-smacking food. But when last year brothers - Parkash and Gurdas Badal crossed swords, even he had to choose a side.Although the cook decided to stay with the younger Badal, he keeps dredging up memories of feeding and nurturing the children of the once united family.I've been like a mother to them. I fed them. Took them to school, bathed them and played with them,\" he remembers . Midha always carries an old picture of Manpreet and Sukhbir in his shirt pocket.\"There was a lot of love between Manpreet and Sukhbir. People have divided them. When such things (happen) you are reminded of the good old days spent together. How can you let go of these memories,\" he says.\"Both Manpreet and Sukhbir loved butter and curd. I don't think they ever made impossible demands. Badal saab and Dasji (Gurdas) loved my kaddu sabzi and meat curry. They've become mindful of their food habits because of growing age,\" he says.When the brothers were jailed in the national capital , Midha followed them to prison and took care of their needs. Notwithstanding the growing political rivalry, Midha says he still hopes to see the family reunited.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11531352", "title": "\u2018Testing children without teaching is a criminal act\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Innumerable studies have shown that our elementary school system is ruptured, that our kids cannot divide or subtract; they can't apply what they learn in their science texts to everyday life. Whether students are not studying or teachers not teaching, whether the government is not spending enough on education or whether curriculum is not updated regularly, the defences are many. But it's time to come up with solutions, said experts.V-C of the National University of Education Planning and Administration (NUEPA) N Govinda said, \"India needs to invest enough to develop good teachers. The key lies in the hands of the teachers.\" \"Testing children knowing we haven't taught them is a criminal act.\"Most academicians had objected to participating in PISA, or feel that annual exams to check quality is damaging.Anita Rampal, professor of elementary and social education at the department of education at the Delhi University , said, \"A lot of these reports are very alarmist that damage our education system which is still stabilizing and iniquitous. Look at quality from the equality perspective.\"Finland , which topped the recent PISA assessment, put in over a decade to strengthen the public schooling system at home and ensure that there was one uniform curriculum for all and teaching in schools was uniform. \"To create competition at the early years of education is unhealthy. Somewhere the system gets torn,\" added Rampal. Africa which had joined PISA recently backed out; after performing miserably for years, it realized it had several basic issues to deal with before competing with the OECD league.The just out report by NGO Pratham only validates what PISA said. Students cannot read, forget reading coherently, they cannot do basic math required for life. In a way, the schooling system is short-changing its stakeholder. As Farida Lambay, one of the founders at Pratham, said, \"Our children go to school with a certain dream, their parents have some aspiration. When we don't teach them well, we are cheating them.\" She felt that the government first needs to realize that the quality aspect has to be addressed, following which do-able goals need to be set up.An architect of the Right to Education bill, Vinod Raina, said the country did not need a revolution for better schools. \"Set the curriculum renewal process rolling and get good people to teach, by paying them well, and the progress will show in five years,\" was his prescription.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11535241", "title": "His hobby turns a biz venture", "text": "LUDHIANA: Sabby Bagga, second year student of International Institute of Fashion Designing, always loved packing and flower arrangement. So, when he thought of starting a small venture to earn some pocket money, trousseau packing and flower arrangement was his first choice. So was born \"Sab's Collection\" last year at his home in Model Town.Sabby, 22, said he used to tell his mother to give him the work of wrapping gifts whenever they had to give one. At that time, even he was not aware that some day, his hobby would turn into his passion and subsequently a venture. He said managing studies with work is what he has learnt in the past one year. He said when he gets upset with work pressure, his mother Satpal Kaur used to help her out. Sabby's younger sister, Sahiba, a class 12 student, said her brother is a motivational factor for her and she always gives his example to her friends when it comes to dedication. She said his brother has done a lot at such young age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11530923", "title": "Youth booked for abetting girlfriend's suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: Lakadganj police have arrested a 20-year-old student, Alpesh Khokar, for abetting the suicide of his girlfriend, who hanged herself to death on Friday evening at her residence in Vidarbha Housing board colony, Shanti Nagar.Trupti Mandal (21), a final year student of Bachelor of Arts, had taken the extreme step while her parents were in Kolkata. Police said that in initial investigations it was learnt that Khokar, a resident of Timki, was seen at Trupti's house on Friday afternoon.The neighbours told cops that they saw the couple having a long discussion near the gate and then were inside the house for a few hours. While Khokar was leaving home, the neighbours noticed that the couple was having a heated argument. The police surmise that this argument led to Trupti ending her life.Trupti's father, Gopalchandra, a railway employee lodged a complaint when the neighbours informed them that Khokar had visited the house on Friday.Cops said that no suicide note had been left by Trupti. However, on questioning her friends, the cops came to know that Trupti had an affair with Alpesh Khokar, who was younger than her, for the last two years.Gopalchandra claimed that Khokar would torture Trupti, which forced her to commit suicide. However, cops said that they are yet to interrogate Khokar and hence are clueless about the real reason behind the suicide.speakoutnagpur@timesgroup.comKhokar has been remanded to police custody till Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11531316", "title": "Revenue meets to solve land disputes", "text": "HYDERABAD: The government will conduct revenue meetings in about 45,000 mandals and villages across the state from January 18 to March 17 to solve long-pending land disputes between the state and the general public.This is the first time that three key departments, revenue, wakf and endowments, will jointly conduct the meetings and attempt to settle disputes.The meetings assume significance in view of the fact that in many cases, involving thousands of acres, these three departments are claimants of the same land because of which the process of issuing pattas or rights certificate to individuals get delayed. By holding meetings together with representatives of all the three departments, the state hopes to solve the nagging problem facing beneficiaries who have been given a piece of land by one of these departments.According to sources, disputes pertaining to government assigned land, will be taken up at these meetings and people, who have been allotted the land, but do not have pattas, can now apply for them. The revenue meetings will also address the land disputes involving SCs and STs. Revenue department officials said deletion and addition of names in the land records and loan eligibility certificates to tenant farmers and disputes will also be taken up in these meets.As part of the exercise, a team of officials, including tehsildar, revenue inspector, village revenue officer and one member of a self-help group (SHG) will undertake a survey every day between 9.30 am and 11 am and eligible beneficiaries and land to be distributed to them will be identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11531752", "title": "Agony continues for ship steward kin", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as word came that the Indians aboard Costa Concordia, the luxury liner that ran aground off Tuscany, were preparing to come home, there was no news on the whereabouts of Naigaon resident Russell Terence Rebello.The 33-year-old steward has been missing since the ship capsized off the west coast of Italy on January 13. As a last resort, Italian rescue workers blew holes on one side of the ship on Tuesday hoping to find the odd survivor.India's ambassador to Italy Debabrata Saha told TOI that the 201 Indians were likely to leave Rome late on Tuesday or on Wednesday.Back in India, Russell's family remained distraught. \"Please tell me he is safe,\" his mother Gladys urged people who visited the family's ground-floor flat at Oasis Park near Naigaon station.Gladys was comforted by her husband Frank. His relatives tried to lift his spirits by assuring him that his son would return alive. But Frank, who suffered a paralytic stroke recently, found it difficult to comprehend the situation.Russell's wife Wilma (29) was seen playing with her three-and-a-half-year-old son Rhys. \"We kept the news from him at first but he is seeing his father's name on television and slowly realizing that there is a problem,\" she said.Over the past two days, politicians, government officials, friends and acquaintances of Russell have been streaming in to meet his parents. Some offer words of courage, while others express love for the youth, describing him as a good sportsman who was popular with his classmates at St Augustine's High School in Vasai.The Indian embassy said 202 Indians were aboard the luxury liner. While initial reports said 150 of them hailed from the Vasai-Virar belt, Vasai MLA Vivek Pandit refuted this figure. \"I believe only 10-12 people belong to this area,\" he said when he came to console the Rebello family.Photographer Mayur Kadam, who is among the Indians, confirmed that the owner of the luxury liner had agreed to pay their salaries and compensate their losses. He expressed gratitude to Vinod Tawde, leader of opposition in the Maharashtra assembly, for responing to his SOS and conveying their plight to the external affairs ministry.The Congress's Vasai chief Michael Furtado said he had requested Oscar Fernandes, general secretary of the AICC, to gather information on Russell. However, till late on Tuesday, there was no word on Russell despite several attempts by his brother Kevin, who is in Giglio, the island where the accident occurred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11532073", "title": "IIMC students to take honesty pledge on convocation day", "text": "KOLKATA: Managers graduating from Indian Institute of Management Calcutta (IIMC), will have to take a pledge to society to maintain ethics in their profession and never get lured by money to do unethical business. There are complaints galore that these qualities are missing among B-school passouts. On the day of the convocation, the students will take an oath much on the lines of the \"hypo critic-oath-taking\" by doctors to remain truthful to society.\"After the crash of Wall Street investment banks which had pushed the global economy into recession, a lot of scams have been unearthed and business ethics have gone for a toss. This has prompted a worldwide outcry about breach of trust and rampant unethical business practices. The message went aloud that B-school grads in senior managerial positions can be easily lured into wrongdoing, lie to sell products and compromise on general standards of honesty and integrity. This has prompted IIMC students and faculty members to emphasize on the need to make students take oath during the elaborate convocation when they pass out as graduates,\" said a senior IIMC faculty member.IIMC's external relations secretary and first-year student Ashwin Murali added, \"The recent scams in the country show the deep nexus between the corporate world and those in administration. Students of IIMC believe that we can play a major role in this cause. Students here will be working both in corporate and government sectors.They will be future leaders, influencing and taking decisions for society. Who will make sure they work in the interests of society and not their individual interests? It was this concern which prompted students to propose this oath-taking.\"Some faculty members feel the oath, which is yet to be drafted, should remind students of their duties to provide leadership in the larger interest of society and demonstrate high ethical standards in business dealings. \"The students will uphold some standards of integrity, honesty and transparency in life. The oath-taking will, perhaps, make a difference in the perception of people about corporate honchos and managers. Since oaths are always taken together, it will hopefully promote fellow feeling. The oath would actually be a tool to remind students to be more ethical.A promise made by students during the convocation ceremony amidst his/her parents, teachers, and friends is bound to have a long lasting effect on them. Altogether, it is expected to make a difference and bring about a change in conscience,\" added the faculty member.\"The draft of the oath will be prepared soon. The proposal was forwarded by the students themselves. It is, however, not sure if the oath will be taken during the convocation or after it,\" said a senior faculty member said.Clinical psychologist and psychoanalyst Rajyasree Bandyopadhyay said, \"Corporate managers often misuse the power of their positions while taking business decisions. They are often unable to make independent appraisals as they can't overcome their egos.Taking an oath instills a sense of fear in a manager, at least in his subconscious mind, and can act as a deterrent to taking unethical decisions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535801", "title": "Celeb baggage woes", "text": "This week saw two popular actors taking to a micro-blogging site to crib about losing their baggages while flying.While Rana Daggubati lost his baggage in a domestic flight, which haven't been retrieved yet, Polladhavan heroine Divya Spandana had different woes with her baggage, which was delayed in an international flight. Divya's baggage, she tweeted, \"arrived a day late because of technical reasons\". And she was fuming as many of the contents of her baggage were missing when they arrived. The actress vented online about how it wasn't about losing something expensive or valuable, but she said she was dumbfounded to find that people steal stuff in the name of technical reasons. Some cheeky tweeple wrote back to these two celebrities telling them that this how the aam junta feel when they lose their baggage and welcomed them to their world. SS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11532866", "title": "Conflict over de-worming wild elephants", "text": "COIMBATORE: With death due to natural causes being a major reason for mortality among adult elephants in Erode, Coimbatore and Sathyamangalam districts, an important question is whether some of these deaths can be avoided.Forest officials confide there is a conflict over how elephants should be managed in the wild. Though domesticated elephants are de-wormed, doctors differ on whether wild elephants should be de-wormed. Dr PS Easa, a well known veterinarian, says that there is no need to meddle with nature's delicate balance unless it is called for. \"Unless there is an alarming decrease or increase in the population, we need not go in for measures such as de-worming,\" he said.\"Most parasites that affect elephants are specific to the pachyderm population. The question is have they evolved. There are drugs available to de-worm jumbos, but some of us, including me, are against such measures,\" Dr Easa said.Dr Jacob Cheeran believes that the decision to de-worm an elephant should be made based on the parasitic load of the animal. \"Worms enter the elephant's body through the soil. It never transfers from other animals. If a parasite is present in cattle, it only affects cattle,\" he said. Albendezole and Mabendezole are just two of the many drugs given to both humans and elephants for de-worming. \"Only the quantity varies,\" says Dr Cheeran. Drugs are usually administered mixed with salt as elephants like all herbivorous animals love salt.However, forest department officials think differently. Dr S Guruvayurappan, project officer, Wildlife Protection Society of India, Southern Region, said it is best to leave the management of elephants to nature. \"Only in specific instances like Anthrax do we need to interfere. However, elephants living in forest fringes can be de-wormed. Such herds are seen near villages for three to four months,\" he said. He said elephants come down with worms after they enter the body through food and water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11532467", "title": "MGP welcomes Velip, Mardolkar", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Digambar Kamat's former special assistant Prakash Arjun Velip and former Shiv Sena South Goa president Pratap Mardolkar on Wednesday joined the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP).Speaking to mediapersons, MGP president Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar announced that both Velip and Mardolkar are potential candidates for MGP in Quepem and Dabolim constituencies.After joining the party, Velip said that for the last five years Quepem constituency has been neglected with no development work. \"I will try to take up development work in Quepem with the help of MGP and if the party asks me to contest from Quepem then I am willing to contest the assembly elections,\" he said.In 2002, Prakash Velip had joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). Thereafter, he did not renew his BJP membership. \"I have worked in the office of the chief minister Digambar Kamat but never associated with the Congress party,\" said Velip.Dhavalikar also said that a five member committee, constituted under the chairmanship of transport minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavlikar, to finalize the alliance issue with national political parties, has submitted a report. \"We have received the report and it has given us positive signals to enter into an alliance with the BJP,\" he said.Dhavlikar also said that alliance talks are on with BJP adding that the MGP has demanded ten seats which include Ponda, Priol, Marcaim, Savordem, Porvorim, St Cruz, Dabolim and Mayem. \"We are hopeful of an alliance with the BJP because it is the wish of the people. We have demanded ten seats and now the ball is in the BJP court. By the end of this week, BJP should take a decision on alliance otherwise MGP will contest the assembly elections independently,\" he said.He also said that the MGP will fight the assembly elections on the issue of medium of instruction, corruption free government and giving full rights to the Niz Goankars and Schedule Tribe community.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11535475", "title": "Soumili Biswas pays tribute to Swami Vivekananda", "text": "Actor Soumili Biswas took to the stage, recently, to pay a tribute to Swami Vivekananda on his birthday. Soumili, along with Arnob Bandopadhyay, who also directed the programme.\"We enacted bits and pieces from the life of the great soul. I was honoured to be part of the event as I have immense respect for the legend.\" The music for the dance recital had been composed by Prabudhha Raha and Srabani Sen, who had lent their voices to the songs.The script was narrated by Satyen Chowdhury while the recitation was by Pankaj Saha. Soumili looked resplendent in a white sari with a red border as she twinkletoed on the stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "11529621", "title": "Farmer electrocuted, farm owner booked", "text": "YAVATMAL: A farmer was electrocuted after accidentally coming into contact with a live barbed wire fence on Monday. Later in the evening, the farm owner who had installed the electric fence was booked at Arni police station.According to Arni PSO Girish Bobade, Jeevan Talmale (30), Umri Pathar village under jurisdiction of Arni police station, accidentally came in contact with a live fence wire on the farm of Suresh Ingole (32).Talmale was rushed to a rural hospital from where he was referred to government medical college. But, he breathed his last on the way. Since the death occurred in Yavatmal, an FIR was lodged at Yavatmal police station.However, irate relatives of the deceased tried to take the dead body to the SP office alleging that the Arni Police refused to accept the FIR.However, additional SP Vinayak Deshmukh immediately instructed Arni PSO Girish Bobade to accept the FIR and accordingly the police booked Ingole under Section 304 of Indian Penal Code.The complainant Sudhakar Talmale, cousin of the deceased, said that Ingole had installed the electric fence to ward off wild animals intruding into the field.But, there was no warning that the barbed wire was live. Talmale added that Ingole had given the farm to Jeevan on rent for cultivation. As the contract had ended, Jeevan had gone to the farm to collect some farm equipment he owned.In yet another incident, a youth was electrocuted in the adjoining Pusad tehsil of the district on Monday. The name of the deceased was Arjun Tupsundare (24), a resident of Mahavir layout of Pusad town. Arjun was supplying water at a construction site when he came in contact with the overhead live electric wire. Arjun breathed his last on the way to the hospital. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11532105", "title": "\u2018Milk adulterators will be punished\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: Days after reports of regular milk adulteration shook the nation, HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar has directed officials to impose fines on local dairy owners if they are found mixing water or any other undesirable elements in milk.Kumar has also directed HUDA officers to shift milk dairies functioning from HUDA sectors to alternative areas. During his Sector 9 visit on Tuesday, Kumar instructed the estate officer, superintending engineer and executive engineers of the area to visit the areas under their jurisdiction at least once every week to ensure that proper civic amenities are provided to the residents.He also pulled up officials for dumping of garbage in vacant plots. He has asked for a plan where land is earmarked for rainwater harvesting systems. Timely repair of damaged drainage system in Sector 9 and 9A was also ordered. \"All these works should be photographed and videographed for the record,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11532174", "title": "Maderna refuses to meet Pali MP", "text": "JODHPUR: Badri Ram Jakhar, member of Parliament from Pali visited Jodhpur Central Jail on Tuesday to meet Congress MLA from Luni constituency Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, an accused in the Bhanwari Devi case.He had a conversation with him for about 10 minutes. However, when Jakhar conveyed the message to meet Mahipal Maderna, the sacked minister and another accused in the case, Maderna refused to meet him.Both Bishnoi and Maderna, suspects in the abduction and killing of Bhanwari Devi are lodged in the jail for past one month.Jail superintendent A R Nyazi, while confirming Jakhar's visit and meeting with Bishnoi on Sunday afternoon, said that he had sought permission to see Bishnoi. \"After meeting Bishnoi, he expressed his wish to see Maderna too but when the message was communicated to the sacked minister, he refused to meet Jakhar\", Nyazi said.Though, Jakhar could not be contacted for his comments as he was in Nasik to attend a wedding but Maderna's refusal to see him has once again confirmed the rift between the two Jat leaders. Jakhar is considered a confidant of chief minister Ashok Gehlot and Madernas are known for their strained relationship with Gehlot.This visit of Jakhar has not been received well in the political echelons. \"What does he want to show or prove by this visit\", said a Congress leader. \"Regardless of his allegiance to any of the leaders, both are currently under the dock for their involvement in Bhanwari case and his visit in jail to see Maderna is not desirable from an MP\", the leader added.Gehlot's support to Jakhar has generally been seen by the Jat community as a way to eliminate the dominance of Maderna family as both belong to the Jat community. Jakhar had learnt his political lessons from Paras Ram Maderna and was made a zila parishad member and later pradhan of Bhopalgarh. But he later changed his allegiance and was picked up by Gehlot instantly, who fielded him for the seat of MP from Pali in the last general elections, which comprises the Bhopalgarh assembly constituency, stronghold of the Madernas.Jakhar's name was also included in the Bhanwari Devi case, when Indra Bishnoi, on November 11 last year accused Jakhar of making attempts to obtain the controversial CD.Rubbishing this allegation Jakhar had said that Bhanwari had come to him in July 2009 asking for a gas agency using the reference of Malkhan Singh Bishnoi. \"She had then told me that she was staying in Bishnoi's room at Rajasthan House, New Delhi with Indra,\" Jakhar had claimed. He had further challenged Indra to produce any witness before the CBI in support of the allegation that he knew her and had met her many times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11532995", "title": "Mahindra to boost XUV500 production", "text": "KOCHI: Utility vehicle major Mahindra &amp; Mahindra (M&M;) Ltd will boost production capacity at its Chakan plant in Maharashtra where the company's sports utility vehicle (SUV) XUV500 is manufactured, said Ashish Malik, senior general manager of marketing, M&amp;M.;He was talking to reporters in Kochi after the launch of the new model in Kerala on Tuesday. \"Due to the positive response from the market, we are increasing production capacity for XUV500 from 2,500 to 3,000 units in JanuaryIn fact, the original capacity of the plant was only 2,000 which we hiked to the present level in December last,\" Malik said. The penetration of SUVs in India's passenger car market has been low compared to the US, West Asia and some Far Eastern countries, he noted.\"In India, SUVs account for only 17-18% of the passenger car market, while it is 44-45% in the US, 50-55% in West Asian countries like Qatar , and even 60-70% in Malaysia and Indonesia ,\" he said. Hence, Malik believes that the market for SUVs in India is going to grow in the coming years. \"As more players with more models come in, the SUV market is bound to grow, supported by growth in gross domestic product,\" he said.The SUV and MUV (multi-utility vehicle) markets in Kerala are presently stagnant with around 1,000 vehicles being sold every month. \"Going by past response, we expect a phenomenal amount of booking for the XUV500 in Kerala,\" he said.The 2,179-cc XUV500 is positioned in the price range of Rs 10-25 lakh, a category in which the countrywide market across manufacturers is 5,500 vehicles a month.The ex-showroom price of XUV500 in Kochi for the W6 variant will be Rs 11.14 lakh and for the W8 2WD will be Rs 12.5 lakh. Bookings have been extended to 19 more cities which include Chennai, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Ahmedabad, Ludhiana, Jallandhar, Patiala, Chandigarh/Panchkula, Kochi, Thiruvananthapuram, Kozhikode, Thrissur, Coimbatore, Nagpur and Nashik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11531203", "title": "Government to seek coastal approval", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government will approach the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) to obtain coastal regulation zone (CRZ) clearances for its ambitious coastal freeway project.Based on the recommendations made by the joint technical committee on coastal roads, an environmental assessment report will be prepared by consultants accredited to the Quality Council of India to ensure all ecological concerns are addressed and green obstacles surmounted as early as possible.Setting aside fears that land reclamation as proposed for the freeway project could change tidal direction and lead to soil erosion, the expert panel has found that land reclamation in an average width of 100 metres \"will not cause any impact on tidal movements or adverse effect on the coastline\".The panel has also requested the government to make appropriate amendments to the CRZ notifications and give an official stamp to the proposed plan immediately.As it is, the idea of the project, the committee has said, is to reduce environmental pollution by curbing traffic congestion and ensuring high speed of vehicular movement, which has dropped alarmingly over the past 15 years. Transport-related pollution, the panel revealed during a presentation to the chief minister's office and other senior officials in Mantralaya, has increased 68% over the same period.\"Scientific studies indicate that at the speed of about 55 miles per hour, consumption of fuel is the least and this is the speed at which vehicular pollution would be the least. The creation of this freeway would help vehicles to travel at these efficient speeds , and thus reduce pollution,\" the committee said in its report.In the first of the two alignment options proposed by the committee, it envisages to build reclaimed roads on the mangrove areas. This raises the question of compensatory mangrove plantation, the committee has confidently asserted no long-term damage to the environment is expected.About 8 km of the total freeway length is proposed to be constructed on reclaimed road over mangroves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11529609", "title": "Former district Cong leader slams 'autocratic' Shekhawat", "text": "AMRAVATI: Cracks in the Amravati Congress unit are coming to the fore. Senior local leaders are sulking over MLA Raosaheb Shekhawat's style of functioning. The differences within the party came out in the open when Raosaheb threw out senior Congressmen to accommodate people with very different ideology.Former district Congress chief Vishwas Deshmukh was highly critical of Raosaheb and alleged that he had turned Congress party into a private limited venture. \"He has thrown out old loyalist to accommodate people like Vasant Saurkar, who has Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh inclinations, as city Congress chief,\" alleged Deshmukh.Raosaheb's attitude suddenly changed after winning the crucial assembly polls and started sidelining activists who strived hard for his victory. Most of the office-bearers of the local Congress body are employees of Vidyabharati College, Deshmukh pointed out. \"Instead of selecting a young, hardworking person with clean image for the post of city chief, Raosaheb chose Saurkar who is allegedly involved in a fraud worth 12 crore,\" Deshmukh charged.Tall claim made by Raosaheb regarding Amravati's development is just a farce, Deshmukh said. \"Raosaheb deceived residents of Lalkhadi area where no development has taken place. The wagon factory work is yet to start. Despite the work on four-lane road being completed long back, Raosaheb took all the credit for it,\" Deshmukh said. Former Bihar and Kerala governor RS Gavai has lion's share in setting up of Amravati railway station but Raosaheb grabbed all the credit.\"I had extended all the help to Raosaheb during assembly polls considering that he would introduce positive changes in the district but has desperately failed to meet people's expectations,\" Deshmukh added. Congress activists have been hurt by Raosaheb's behaviour and have threatened to contest civic polls independently if they failed to get Congress ticket, he added.Refuting all the allegations, Raosaheb said, \"Deshmukh is sulking as local Congress workers chose Saurkar over him as city chief. Unfortunately he is not aware of the party's election process. In fact nobody knows Deshmukh who hails from rural area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11535402", "title": "Traffic on Habibganj under bridge to be diverted", "text": "BHOPAL: The road from Habibganj under bridge to Arera colony, via Ganesh temple at Habibganj railway crossing will be closed from next week, as the construction of the rail over bridge (ROB) is likely to commence.Commuters will be using the parallel road leading from the under bridge to Arera colony via Bhopal Fracture Hospital.BMC had announced the road diversion a month ago but the construction work for the ROB did not begin.\"The corporation had organized bhoomi pujan (ground breaking) for the construction of the fly-over a few days ago. The work will begin in a day or two,\" BMC commissioner Manish Singh said. \"As far as the ROB is concerned, we need to shift the poles and then make the diversions which will be done in a couple of days,\" he added.Referring to the alleged delay in starting construction work, the commissioner said, \"We had to consult other civic bodies and organizations with regard to shifting the poles and take proper estimates, which took a some time.\"The foundation stone for the rail over bridge was laid in November 2011.Moreover, BMC has also overshot the deadline of February 2011, to complete the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor. Now the corporation has extended the deadline to March this year.The ROB to be constructed at Habibganj under bridge, will bifurcate in two directions. One extending from RRL tri-junction to Arera colony near the Ganesh temple crossing the railway line and the other will connect RRL tri-junction to the Bhopal fracture hospital.The trumpet shaped rail over bridge will be 24 mt wide and 990 mt in length and it will be constructed at a cost of Rs 38.62 crore. The ROB is expected to be completed by Nov 1, 2013.Similarly, the fly-over to be constructed at Moti-Masjid, will be around 640 mt long and 10 mt wide. This bridge will extend from Curfew Mata Mandir to Moti Masjid and will cost around Rs. 15.11 crore.The GAD fly-over from Hamidia hospital to GAD square will be a four lane over bridge, with length of 560 mt and width of 16 mt. It will be constructed at a cost of Rs 17.45 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11531498", "title": "Residency campus \u2018occupied\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Koti Women's College is in news again. With the construction of an electrical facility in its backyard, this time it is none other than the government that is playing \"encroacher\".After a tip-off from a concerned reader, TOI discovered that a substation was being constructed on the college campus near Esamia Bazaar. The Central Power Distribution Company Ltd officials confirmed the construction. \"This is a 33KV/11KV substation started recently for supplying power to Koti areas. We got permission from Osmania University for the construction and hope to complete it in three months,\" said an official.The Koti Women's College which was the British Residency until the time of Independence is a protected building under the department of archeology and museums. Heritage activists say that several structures have come up in the campus owing to ambiguity in the definition of the Residency complex. \"The government has not clearly defined the confines of the complex. This has allowed constructions to come up on the campus. While the electricity unit is needed, it is only among the several such structures which have cropped up,\" said heritage activist Sajjad Shahid.When contacted, department of archeology and museums officials said they were unaware of the development. The officials of the APCPDCL said that since the building belonged to the university they sought and got permission from it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11533214", "title": "Wide zebra crossings, low pavements only on paper", "text": "NEW DELHI: While planners blew up crores on redeveloping some roads in the run-up to Commonwealth Games two years ago, most roads in the city are still without basic pedestrian facilities such as continuous pavements and crossovers. There has been little or no implementation of design guidelines for pedestrian facilities laid down by Unified Traffic and Transportation Infrastructure (Planning &amp; Engineering) Centre (UTTIPEC) in 2009.As per the guidelines, a pedestrian crossing is required every 200 metres. Grade-level crossings are preferred to foot bridges and subways for the convenience of both pedestrians and cyclists. Also, wider zebra crossings are preferred to the normal 2-3 metres wide crossings.At present, most pavements are unusable as they are too high, narrow and broken. \"The psychology of the pedestrian has to be kept in mind while planning any facility. Users think of footpaths and bus stops as impediments as they have to keep climbing up and down footpaths that are not continuous. Moreover, footpaths are so high that pedestrians rarely use them. A facility should be created keeping in mind the user's convenience, which is why the guidelines were brought out,\" explained UTTIPEC director Ashok Bhattacharjee.The guidelines are clear that pedestrian signage should be visible from at least 100 metres and auditory signals should be provided at every pedestrian signal. Traffic calming treatment is advised from at least 25 metres ahead of intersections on regular roads and around 50 metres on highways.In reality, wherever these facilities exist, shops, vendors and civic agency kiosks have encroached upon them. \"Internationally, it has been accepted that pavements need to be low enough for people to access them easily. As per the street design guidelines , the maximum height for a footpath is 6 inches . The minimum width should be 1.8 metres for residential areas, 2.5 metres for commercial and mixed use areas and 4 metres for commercial nodes,\" said Bhattacharjee.The maximum height of a bus stop platform should be six inches and its width 2.7 metres, he added. \"All pavements should be continuous, barrier-free and of the same height for universal accessibility for the old and the disabled. Bus stop platforms and footpaths need to be the same height.\"Studies show subways and over-bridges should be reserved only for extreme situations where there is non-stop movement of vehicles and the road width exceeds 60-80 metres, for instance on highways and expressways. Synchronization of pedestrian signals with traffic signals and their integration on the mid-section of traffic lights has been proposed for pedestrian safety and convenience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11534963", "title": "Gulach family yet to receive autopsy report", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Two days after the autopsy on Maoist Gulach Munda's body, his family has not received information about the findings of the postmortem . The medical board that conducted the autopsy in MGM College and Hospital on Sunday is maintaining silence on the subject, while police have said they are still waiting for the report to come.\"I am in constant touch with the authorities for the autopsy report. Probably by tomorrow, the report will reach us and subsequently Munda's parents will be informed about the findings,\" said Vijay Singh, the officer in-charge of the Gurabanda police station.The 28-year-old Maoist was picked up by police on Saturday from Jiyan village in Gurabanda allegedly in an inebriated state of mind and subsequently died while undergoing treatment in the hospital the same day.Police have been maintaining that Munda was drunk at the time of his arrest and apparently he died because of heavy dose of liquor. \"We need to wait for the autopsy report to reach the final conclusion,\" said senior police superintendent Akhilesh Jha on Monday.Bhojo Munda, the father of deceased rebel, reiterated his allegations against the police for killing his son. \"I hold police squarely responsible for the death of my son. Impartial inquiry will substantiate my claim,\" said the 55-year-old farmer. He also said they were waiting for the autopsy report.The last rites of Munda, the prime accused in the Dhalbhumgarh BDO Prashant Layek abduction case in February 2010, were done at his village on Monday amid heavy police presence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11533255", "title": "At 14\u00b0C, Delhi experiences chilliest day of season", "text": "NEW DELHI: Early morning rain, clouds and a chilly north wind blowing from the snowed-in hills combined to make Tuesday the coldest day of the season in Delhi, with the maximum temperature dropping six degrees below normal to 14 degrees Celsius.While the minimum was 9.3 degrees Celsius, two degrees above normal, gloomy conditions and the wind chill factor made the day seem bitterly cold.\"North, northwesterly winds blowing through the day added to the chill, making one feel colder than it actually was,\" said a Met official, adding that dense fog was expected over the next two days.He said similar conditions prevailed across most of northwest India and western Himalayas , where maximum temperatures were four to nine degrees below normal.South India too is reeling under the cold, with seven deaths in Andhra Pradesh in the past few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11536837", "title": "Anti-toll agitation in state from January 26", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare's Bhrashtachar Virodhi Jan Andolan, Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat Krantivir Pratishthan, Grahak Sangh Ahmednagar, Bharat Swabhiman Nyas and other social organizations will launch a state-wide week-long anti-toll agitation on January 26.Warkari leader Bandatatya Karadkar said that activists will survey all 55 toll booths in the state to find the actual number of vehicles that pay toll and submit the details to the court. He said the state government has not responded to their November 19, 2011, letter demanding that toll collection be stopped. \"If the government does not accept the demand then social organizations will launch another agitation and close down all the toll booths,\" he said.He said, \"The government has collected on an average 250% of the requisite amount through toll at each booth but collection has not been discontinued. We are against fleecing.\"Sanjay Pachange of the Krantivir Pratishthan alleged that there were 36 unauthorised booths in the state where toll is collected without the government's approval.Parmod Mohale of Grahak Sangh, Ahmednagar, said the government had collected toll on the 54-km Pune-Shirur road in 2005 even though the development work was incomplete. Retaining walls at various turns on this road for 22 km have not come up.Ramesh Takalkar, president of the district unit of Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat, said that toll collection began on roads even though 98% of development work was not complete as per toll norms. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11533116", "title": "In voters' list, govt staff 'underage'", "text": "NASHIK: The supplementary electoral roll declared by the district election office has included names of voters who are under 18 years of age. Clarifying the mistake in the roll, sub-divisional officer, Nashik, Nilesh Sagar said several names that have appeared with their age shown as less than 18 years is because of typographical errors and that no underage voters have actually have been included.The electoral roll has been used by the NMC while making its electoral roll for the forthcoming elections.Having published the electoral roll, and see objections the corporation has found itself at the receiving-end in prabhag (unit) 54 where 51 electors have been reported to be under age.While NMC officials maintained that their lists are derived from the mother lists and supplementary lists provided by the district collectorate, it was the list produced by the collectorate which itself had the mistakes. \"Having gone through the names and details in form number 6 (basic application for the registration of voters in the list). After verification with the birth dates, the conclusion is that the ages of the candidates have been erroneously mentioned,\" Nilesh Sagar, sub-divisional officer (SDO) said.Dhanadpani Selvaraj, mentioned on page number seven of the supplementary list of NMC for Prabhag 54 carries his age as 15 years. \"He is actually a government servant and hence should be minimum 18 years.After verification we found he is 18 years and 7 months old,\" an officer from the department said. Similarly, Paul Sunil Ravindra's age is mentioned as16 years. He is actually born in 1993. Gawli Sudhir Ravindra mentioned 17 years of age is 1991 born, the official said. \"We have gone through the details and there have been some typographical errors in the list. There are more than 15 such names,\" Sagar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11535655", "title": "Commuters caught for hours in traffic jams across city", "text": "VARANASI: The traffic on most city roads remained out of gear even as the traffic cops were busy attending a felicitation ceremony at Traffic Lines on Tuesday. What added to the chaos was the opening of markets and offices after a gap of three days. The educational institutions and offices had remained closed on Saturday (due to Makar Sankranti), followed by Sunday. Then the city markets remained closed on Monday in response to a call of 'Banaras bandh' given by the traders' association. Thus, on Tuesday the traffic rush was just like that on the start of a week.Further, after the festival of Makar Sankranti, which is considered as the end of inauspicious period of one month, the buyers start visiting the markets again. This adds to the rush on city roads.Surprisingly, there most of the traffic cops were missing from action. They were busy attending a programme to felicitate 14 traffic cops and homeguards for their exemplary performance during traffic month. DIG, Ram Kumar gave away the prizes to nominated cops.Meanwhile, a massive traffic jam was visible at Bhojubir, Maqbool Alam Road, Nadesar, Chawkaghat, Marimai Crossing, Maldahiya, Naisadak, Godowlia and Maidagin roads. Situation was worse on Sigra-Rathyatra-Gurubagh-Kamaksha-Bhelupur Road, where queues of vehicles stretched to several kilometres. In the absence of traffic cops, a handful of civil police personnel were spotted trying hard to control the traffic, but in vain.By the time, traffic inspector, Vinay Chauhan reached Rathyatra Crossing, after attending the function in the evening, the traffic had gone out of gear. Large number of school buses, which had come on the roads after the closure of schools and colleges at 3.00pm, could be spotted stuck in the traffic jam even at 5.30pm.Chauhan claimed that damaged roads at the points like Luxa-Gurubagh had increased the problem on Sigra-Rathyatra-Gurubagh-Kamaksha-Bhelupur Road. However, he had no comment on the reason to offer for traffic jam on other city roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11531596", "title": "Vijay Sai\u2019s laptop hope in Chanchalguda jail may come true", "text": "HYDERABAD: The prisons department may not like it but the VIP prisoners at Chanchalguda jail could just have their way and make use of computers in the jail.Vice-chairman of Jagati Publications V Vijay Sai Reddy, lodged in the jail as an undertrial in the alleged illegal assets case against Y S Jaganmohan Reddy, has sought the court's permission to use his laptop in the prison. If Vijay Sai Reddy has petitioned the court with the request, he has reasons to be hopeful.According to prisons department sources, Satyam's ex-chairman B Ramalinga Raju had access to a computer when he was in Chanchalguda jail as an undertrial. Not only Raju, his brother Rama Raju and associate Vadlamani Srinivas also obtained permission from the court to use computers in jail. Until the trio got released on bail at the intervention of Supreme Court in November 2011, they were regularly using their laptops in the jail.It is learnt that with the court having permitted Ramalinga Raju, Rama Raju and Vadlamani Srinivas to use computers, they had to pay for their computers and get them installed in the prison. The prisons department told the court that it would not be possible for it to provide computers to the inmates.The Satyam trio had pleaded with the court saying that they needed to use computers to prepare for the case. It is learnt that, they were allowed to use computers during specific hours. However, this was done under the supervision of the jail officials.With Vijay Sai Reddy also asking for a similar facility now, though the CBI court yet to take a decision on the issue, it could just become a trend for the VIP prisoners or even others lodged in the jail to ask for computers. And that is something prisons department officials are not bargaining for.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11530083", "title": "Over dozen buses damaged during Starbus staff stir", "text": "NAGPUR: City police is set to come down heavily on protesting Vansh Nimay employees after a section of them resorted to violence on Tuesday to protest the management's decision to sack many of them for breach of discipline and other reasons.A bus was set afire by the agitators at Khairi village on Kamptee Road, late on Tuesday night. More than a dozen Starbuses were damaged and tyres of 36 buses were deflated by the agitators on Tuesday. Half-a-dozen drivers and conductors of the buses too sustained injuries after the protesters attacked them during the agitation. Fearing more violence, Vansh Nimay has hired more than 600 private security guards to counter the protesters.Cops have registered around 10 offences at Sakkardara, Nandanvan, Hudkeshwar, Lakadganj, Kotwali, Ganeshpeth and Sitabuldi police stations. Sections of rioting and creating ruckus under provisions in Indian Penal Code (IPC), Criminal law amendment act, Bombay Police Act and Prevention of Damage To Public Property Act were slapped against the protesters. Cops said the leaders, including Ramcharan Dubey, Ananta Puri and others, were booked, holding them responsible for the damage.City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay said leaders have been charged as abettors under section 109 of Indian Penal Code (IPC) apart from other stringent sections along with their supporters. \"The protesters who pelted stones and damaged Starbuses have already been booked, but we are going to take their leaders to task too now,\" said police chief Ankush Dhanvijay. The CP had sent around 600 protesters to jail for a fortnight for violent protests during the winter assembly session.On Tuesday, the protesters damaged windshields of buses by hurling stones. Two buses were damaged at Reserve Bank of India square. Protesters pelted stones on another two buses at Ganeshpeth, one each at LIC junction, Khairi on Kamptee road, Beltarodi and other places. The agitators also manhandled drivers and conductors at Khairi on Kamptee road, Beltarodi and certain other places. Sources from Vansh Nimay also said some passengers also complained of being targeted by protesters.Mahesh Kandalkar, manager of Vansh Nimay, said it was unfortunate the way an administrative issue was politicized. \"We have already re-inducted 274 out of 602 employees booked for violent protests. They are opposed to the idea of a bond for good behaviour that we are demanding. They had other demands too, which was practically not feasible, something even the authorities from labour department and Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) have clarified,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11533139", "title": "Ajit Pawar, Bhujbal take on Kokate at poll rally", "text": "NASHIK: After wooing his detractors, NCP leaders on Tuesday directly targetted Congress MLA from Sinnar (an industrial town about 30 km from Nashik) Manikrao Kokate, who is being groomed as the Congress posterboy in the Nashik district to take on the growing clout of district guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal.Deputy chief minister of Maharashtra Ajit Pawar, Chhagan Bhujbal and several other NCP leaders were addressing an NCP rally at Sinnar on Tuesday to welcome Kokate's foremost detractor, former minister Tukaram Dighole, into the NCP. The leaders slammed Kokate for 'crossing his limits in criticizing the NCP'.Taking note of a hoarding put up by Kokate in Sinnar welcoming deputy CM Pawar and reminding him of the fact that Nashik Lok Sabha MP Sameer Bhujbal (nephew of Chhagan Bhujbal) got elected because of support from Sinnar and Congress, the NCP leaders launched a scathing attack on Kokate.Bhujbal senior said that he and NCP leaders had not grown so old so as to depend totally on people like Kokate for votes. He also pointed out that the Prime Minister, who is from the Congress party, was in office because of political support from allies like the NCP.Ajit Pawar, too, slammed Kokate, pointing out that the latter had got elected in the last legislative assembly polls in 2009 with a slender margin of about 2,000 votes and was lucky that the delimitation of the boundaries in the district had helped him, or else he would have been in political wilderness.Pawar and Bhujbal also indulged in mutual admiration in a bid to project unity among NCP leaders. Pawar praised Bhujbal's work in Nashik and contradicted the belief that there was a rift between him and Bhujbal.Bhujbal praised Pawar's abilities as a leader and said that all NCP leaders were united and committed towards the welfare of people. He pointed out that the success of NCP in the recent municipal council polls had indicated that there were no factions within the NCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11531018", "title": "KTPS expansion work stalled", "text": "NAGPUR: Angry over shutting down of two operating units of Koradi Thermal Power Station (KTPS), contract workers stalled work at the expansion project on Tuesday. Clearing the confusion, Mahagenco's managing director Subrat Ratho said the units were shut down temporarily following a request from Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) to reduce power generation.After shutting down four old units permanently in January 2011, KTPS has been operating only three units. At midnight on January 11, two units - no. 5 with installed power generation capacity of 200MW and no. 6 with 210MW - were shut down. This led to panic among over 1,000 contract workers working in these units.Without any assurance from the management that these units will resume generation, contract workers here joined over 2,500 workers at the expansion project under the leadership of a few union leaders and stalled work since Tuesday morning. Over 2,000 workers staged demonstrations in front of the main gate of the expansion project. Work at the expansion project came to a halt for the entire day.Union leader Ratnadeep Rangari told TOI work on expansion project will not resume till the management gives a written assurance to resume power generation at the two units. \"No worker will go to work afraid of losing his bread and butter, just like the some 4,000 workers who were working at the four units shut down in January 2011,\" he said.\"Work at the expansion project was stalled since head office does not come into the picture unless such things happen. It is an unjust decision to shut down the units,\" said union leader Vithal Nimone.Meanwhile, Mahagenco deployed a huge police bandobast at the expansion project to prevent any untoward incident. Fortunately, there were no reports of any violence.\"We have asked for additional police force on Wednesday too as a preventive measure. A complaint has been lodged with the police over loss incurred due to strike at expansion project. The matter is related to power station and not at all with expansion project,\" said chief general manager (project) Anil Nandanwar.Ratho told TOI MSEDCL had asked Mahagenco to reduce power generation due to reduction in power demand. \"Two units of KTPS were selected for temporary shut down as other units are financially stronger than these units. We are waiting for a green signal from MSEDCL to resume generation at these units. The workers should understand the problems and stop the agitation,\" he said.Chief engineer of KTPS Laxman Margade said Mahagenco has not at all asked the workers to sit at home, and they should be ready to continue service. \"Unit no. 6 has been taken down for maintenance. But the work could not be started as workers are not coming on duty. The units will be started once we receive a communication from the head office,\" he said.Director (operations) MG Waghmote told TOI there was no question of shutting down the units permanently. \"Mahagenco has already decided to renovate unit no. 6 at a cost of crores. The same programme may be taken up for unit no. 5. Once renovated, the units will run at full load for over 10-15 years,\" he said.However, there were no agitations at KTPS and its unit no. 7 continued to function. Permanent workers also continued to work after discussion with Ratho via videoconferencing on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11532854", "title": "Live-ins infamous western fad: Judge", "text": "New Delhi: The Supreme Court may have granted legitimacy to live in relationships, but that didn't stop a trial court judge from terming such relations as an \"infamous western cultural product\".Calling it a \"fad\" visible only in urban areas, additional sessions judge Surinder S Rathi said live-in relations were seen as \"immoral\" in society.The court's remarks came while sentencing a 28-year-old woman to seven years' imprisonment for killing her live-in partner, a Nigerian national, in north Delhi in 2008.However, the judge noted, \"Lately, not only the Supreme Court gave legal cover but our Parliament also accorded some degree of protection by including live-in relationship under the definition of domestic relationships as defined in section 2 of Protection of Women from Domestic Violence Act.\"Tiff over money triggered murder of live-in partnerWhile sentencing a 28-year-old woman to seven years' imprisonment for killing her live-in partner - a Nigerian - a trial court said live-in relations \"were alien to our nation... \"and seen as \"immoral\" in society.\"Despite all the developments granting a level of legal legitimacy to live-in relationship, it is largely perceived to be an immoral relation in our society,\" he said, adding that in the present case, the \"immorality of this relationship was further aggravated by unabated flow of liquor and smoke.\"Deciding the quantum of sentence of the convict - 28-year-old Zarzoliani from Manipur - the judge said there was nothing on record to show that her family had consented to or was even aware of her having a live-in relationship with deceased.Besides the jail term, the court also slapped a fine of Rs 7 lakh on the woman, directing the money to be remitted to the victim's family in Nigeria. In case, she does not pay, she will have to undergo simple imprisonment for another one year, the court said.The case pertains to Zarzoliani stabbing her partner Victor Okon Efflong, 28, to death as she did not approve of his withdrawing money from her bank account. Zarzoliani once worked in an orphanage in Manipur and had moved in with Victor in his rented apartment near the Delhi University .Zarzoliani was convicted of unintentionally killing Victor. The court said the act was not premeditated and was executed in the heat of the moment. The couple did not have any regular income and Victor's act of withdrawing money from her account was like a \"spark on a mound of explosives\"The ASJ also ordered a departmental enquiry by the DCP Central against Kishan Lal, the IO in the case, for sharing the details with the media during the trial and getting it published like a story in a crime magazine with his photograph, which the court called a move \"aimed at self glorification\".The court has called for an action-taken report within two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11532004", "title": "Calcutta archdiocese launches website", "text": "KOLKATA: The Archdiocese of Calcutta on Tuesday launched a website to mark the completion of 125 years of its foundation in the city. On September 1, 1886, the catholic hierarchy was set up in British India by Pope Leo XIII and the Vicariate Apostolic of Bengal was elevated to the rank of a metropolitan archdiocese and christened 'Archdiocese of Calcutta'.\"We have a mission of service in education, healthcare and social development. To mark the occasion, we are going to organize a series of events this year,\" said Archbishop of Calcutta Lucas Sirkar. Commenting on the event, coadjutor Archbishop of Calcutta Thomas D'Souza said, \"We have already opened a 70-bed hospital at Midnapore especially for the poor. It will help to treat patients suffering from leprosy, TB and HIV/AIDS patients. We wish to reach out to the poor and the marginalized section of the society and strive for empowerment to the maximum extent possible.\"The Metropolitan archdiocese has seven dioceses (Asansol, Baruipur, Bagdogra, Darjeeling, Jalpaiguri, Krishnagar and Raiganj) linked to it in the state. It has 57 Parishes and 17 Quasi Parishes served by 224 priests belonging to the Diocesan clergy and 10 religious orders, along with 125 brothers and some 950 religious sisters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-18"}
