{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814080", "title": "Delhi, Dhaka may finalize extradition treaty today", "text": "NEW DELHI: As a step towards signing an extradition treaty, India and Bangladesh are likely to share their final drafts during the home secretary-level talks between the two countries in Dhaka beginning on Monday.Cooperation in combating terror, repatriation of Ulfa leader Anup Chetia and taking strong measures to stop flow of fake Indian currency notes (FICNs) from Bangladesh to India will top the agenda at the two-day meeting.The extradition treaty, which has been under consideration for long, will pave the way for handing over each other's fugitives including Chetia. It will also act as a deterrent for criminals/insurgents of India and Bangladesh who cross the border after committing crimes.Sources here said home secretary R K Singh will also share with his Bangladeshi counterpart Manjur Hussain the status of Indian efforts to apprehend killers of the father of the nation Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, and seek \"additional information\" from the neighbouring country in this regard.During the home secretary-level talks here last year, Bangladesh had sought India's assistance in tracking, apprehending and handing over the Mujibur's killers including Risaldar Mosleuddin.Mosleuddin was the one who had allegedly fired at the then Bangladeshi president when he was coming down the stairs from the first floor of his Dhaka residence on the intervening night of August 14-15, 1975, during a military coup.It is generally believed in Bangladesh that the killer and his accomplices might have fled to India crossing the porous border. Indian agencies have, however, are clueless of his whereabouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16815159", "title": "Salt Lake to turn into science village in Jan", "text": "KOLKATA: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, eight Nobel laureates and 70 eminent scientists from across the world will assemble at Salt Lake in January to mark the centenary session of the Indian Science Congress. India's most prestigious annual science summit will be inaugurated on January 3 at the Salt Lake stadium.The organizers said other major events during the five-day event will also be held in the Salt Lake city, turning the IT hub of the state into a science village. With the University of Calcutta as the main host for the summit, the Salt Lake campuses of the S N Bose National Centre for Basic Sciences, All India Institute of Hygiene &amp; Public Health, Jadavpur University, Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics and Techno India College will also play host during some sessions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16814776", "title": "Walkathon for biodiversity begins", "text": "HYDERABAD: The ongoing Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) as part of CoP-11 got a spiritual touch when seer Sri Tridandi Srimannarayana Chinna Jeeyar Swamy launched 'Green Kumbh Yatra' here on Sunday.Supposed to be the world's first green pilgrimage, promoting the message of conservation of biodiversity, Green Kumbh Yatra was started by handing over the 'kumbh', an urn containing samples of fabric from across the world, to CBD executive secretary Braulio Ferreira de Souza Dias. Jeeyar Swamy said connecting divinity along with nature was the best way to conserve biodiversity and stressed that it is rooted in Indian traditions. \"India is the land where nature is just not respected, but also worshipped. This great country has sent the message across the globe several centuries ago by conserving life on the earth,\" pointed out the seer.The yatra covering 1,125 km will traverse through villages before culminating at Allahabad, the site of Maha Kumbh Mela, in January 2013. Volunteers will carry the kumbh and travel on foot through the entire stretch in the yatra. The organisers are mulling to continue the yatra across various continents before it reaches South Korea, which is hosting the Conference of Parties (CoP-12) in 2014.'Financing to conserve biodiversity crucial'Chairman of National Biodiversity Authority (NBA) Balakrishna Pisupati on Sunday said the final phase of the ongoing Conference of Parties (CoP-11) to Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD), starting on Monday was crucial and pointed out financing the biodiversity projects as the most critical issue. \"The CoP-11 has been a great success so far with the parties debating on various options and concerns. Now, as we are heading to the final stage of the convention, and financing the conservation of nature remains to be the most critical and I hope finding a consensus would be easy, given the positive mood of the convention,\" Balakrishna said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16814418", "title": "Scams not uncommon in welfare bodies", "text": "The Rs 55.47-crore APSMFC fraud case is the mother of all scams in the minorities welfare department. It is not the first-of-its-kind in the state's history nor is it going to be the last. Earlier, in July 2002, the Central Crime Station (CCS) had unearthed a \"scholarship scam\" involving embezzlement of Rs 42.50 crore of funds from social welfare department by a group of 35 officials and others who had floated 38 fictitious colleges and claimed scholarships for non-existent students purportedly belonging to SC, ST and BC communities.Almost five years later, in April 2007, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) scam surfaced and a SSA employee and a highly-connected woman, Sarasa Devi, were arrested for embezzling Rs 15 crore by opening fake accounts in Vijaya Bank and siphoning off the SSA funds. A house committee probed the scholarship scam while a commission of inquiry went into the swindle. Now, exactly after a gap of five years, APSMFC scam has hit headlines with a bang.Acting promptly, the minorities welfare secretary sought the help of CID to probe the scam. Four scamsters, including their kingpin, were arrested even as two officials of APSMFC were suspended and the MD, an Indian Forest Service officer, were shunted out.While the CID conducts a thorough probe into this scandal and the suspected involvement of some insiders in the APSMFC, the minorities welfare secretary assures that the poor Muslim students, for whom this money was meant, would acquire their scholarships.The culpability or complicity of APSMFC officials in the scam cannot be ruled out, but the fact remains that the state government cannot be exonerated of its complacency which is the main reason why scamsters are going about their task with impunity every now and then. Government departments and corporations are supposed to have checks and balances, besides strict rules and procedures, in place to ensure that the funds are safe and not swindled by all and sundry.Unlike full-fledged directorates/commissionerates of social welfare, backward class welfare and tribal welfare, only a truncated minorities welfare department exists. An under-staffed department at the Secretariat level doubles up as commissionerate of minorities welfare. The total strength of the department is only about 244 whereas the social welfare department has 20,651 staff, followed by 19,330 in tribal welfare and 6,667 in BC welfare department.Presenting the state budget for 2012-13, finance minister Anam Ramnarayan Reddy had announced that a full-fledged commissionerate of minorities welfare would become functional.But even after seven months the proposals are still awaiting clearance of the finance department in spite of the fact that chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy himself is evincing interest in the issue.While the concerned departments are handling the work of scholarships and fees reimbursement for SC, ST and BC students, the task has been assigned to the AP State Minorities Finance Corporation in the absence of a full-fledged commissionerate with district and mandal level offices. APSMFC has only 75 personnel on its rolls at present, which is only one-fifth of the staff strength at the time of its inception in 1985.The government makes quarterly releases of budgetary allocations to APSMFC. During the current financial year, two quarterly grants totaling Rs 209 crore were made to APSMFC.Since the process of receipt of applications for scholarships and fees reimbursement, verification and alidation of forms and disbursement of amounts to the individual bank accounts of students is yet to be completed, APSMFC had parked bulk of these funds in fixed deposits for short durations of 45 days in some nationalized banks, including Vijaya Bank.Instead of snatching away the job of disbursement of scholarships and fees reimbursement from APSMFC and entrusting it to the social welfare department, which is already overburdened with work, the government should take immediate steps to operationalise the commissionerate of minorities welfare by recruiting adequate staff right up to the district and mandal level and also to augment the staff strength in APSMFC to handle the onerous task of disbursement of scholarships and fees reimbursement in an effective and fool-proof manner.Nominating officials and non-officials to the board of directors of APSMFC would help check the wrongdoings by officials of the corporation.(The writer is a member of Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16817247", "title": "Chennai offers jobs, not a homely stay", "text": "CHENNAI: Sudatta Roy, a 25-year-old from Kolkata, joined a software company in the city in February. Her T Nagar hostel experience so far has been far from satisfactory though she pays 7,000 a month. \"The food is either under-cooked or overcooked . The quality of raw materials too is sub-standard . So I always eat outside,\" she said.More than the availability of an accommodation, the lack of quality food and hygiene has become a major worry for professionals and students landing in the city from other states, as well as other parts of Tamil Nadu. Girls from other states are the worst-hit , as their options are very limited due to absence of government hostels for working women in the city. Even colleges have limited hostel facilities, resulting in a mad scramble for a hostel room. Exorbitant rent and owner-broker nexus, have led to unauthorised paying guest (PG) facilities and unlicenced private hostels in the city. They thrive on huge demand from students and professionals , and zero accountability to law enforcers.Chennai Corporation officials admit that nearly 70% of the lodging houses in the city do not have any trade licence, nor do they pay any commercial tax. Admitting that most of the mansions and hostels are constructed without a sanctioned plan, the officers said: \"Section 101 of the Tamil Nadu Public Health Act, 1939 and Section 35 of the Tamil Nadu City Police Act have provisions for issuing licences to 'lodging houses' . They should submit an approved building plan to the police for a no-objection certificate and get registered with the Chennai Corporation for a trade licence .\"These requirements, however , have remained only on paper, say professionals. They say most of the hostels and paying guest accommodations do not follow any guidelines . But police and corporation officials never conduct inspections in these lodging houses.\"Most mansions in the city are not meant to be used as lodging houses. As the licencing procedure is cumbersome many owners either extend or modify their old buildings into hostels without approaching the competent authorities. Yet bachelors prefer to stay there because they are affordable,\" said a mansion owner in Triplicane.Many youths lament that even basic facilities like a clean washroom, safe drinking water and a room with bed, table and almirah are not available in many hostels and paying guest houses. Swathi Jayakumar, who works in a private firm in Velachery, said: \"I checked out nearly 30 hostels in the city. Though the condition of most of them was pathetic, the rent is more than 5,000 per month\" .\"When I informed my hostel warden that I did not want the hostel food, she clarified that the rent would not be reduced at all,\" said Sudatta. \"When I refused to pay for stay as well as food, she asked me to leave the hostel, because they know we have no other choice,\" she said.If you are looking for a hostel or PG, choose a residential area over a commercial locality Check connectivity to your college, workplace and other parts of the city To find a safe place, check if there are security guards If the hostel or PG provides you food, ensure that it is healthy and hygienic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16814416", "title": "University of Hyderabad: The new Telangana-zone?", "text": "HYDERABAD: University of Hyderabad (UoH) has suddenly emerged as a 'T' battlefront in view of the student union elections to be held on October 18. A region-based alliance, so far unheard of, has been formed this year with three Telangana student groups against the Students' Federation of India (SFI), Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) and Ambedkar Students' Association (ASA), putting forth a clear Telangana agenda supporting a separate state.The 'T' mobilisation on UoH campus started recently. While till last month, the alliances were not formally announced or even discussed, a general body meeting held two weeks ago set the tone for 'T' agenda on campus. In the general body meet, trouble erupted as one of the candidates of a student group allegedly spoke against the Telangana state formation. While elections were suspended due to the prevailing tension on campus for almost a week, the university administration intervened to conduct the polls.Among the groups that have allied together under the 'T' umbrella are Bahujan Students' Front (BSF), Telangana Students' Association (TSA) and Telangana Students' Front (TSF). These groups have christened themselves as the Third Front. The rise of 'T' brigade has altered the traditional poll alliances on UoH campus. A new alliance was forged between Ambedkar Students' Association (ASA) and National Students' Union of India (NSUI) this year under the banner of democratic front. Till last year, ASA and SFI used to form alliances against ABVP. Dalit Students' Union (DSU), another identity politics students' group on campus, has decided to stay away from the 2012 elections.With several political groups arising, the poll tension on UoH campus is rather thick. \"With new political players coming to the fore, elections have become a rather tense affair on campus,\" a student union leader admitted. However, the university administration maintained that elections will be held peacefully on campus. \"There has been no history of tension on UoH campus, however hot the fray,\" said a member of UoH administration.In such a political scene, for the first time UoH elections are being held without the constitution of a students' election committee. The administration led by dean of students' welfare is currently conducting UoH elections.As per the election schedule, campaigning will go on till October 16. October 17 has been declared non-campaign day. Counting will start on October 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16817125", "title": "'Stolen' kid restored to mother", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Happiness knew no bounds for 30-year-old Saraswati Sahoo when she was reunited with her lost child after three days here on Sunday.Saraswati's four-month-old son, who was allegedly stolen from the Bhubaneswar railway station on Thursday evening, was rescued from Cuttack on Saturday. The government railway police arrested a teenaged vendor of the railway station for allegedly kidnapping the infant, whom she had given birth at Khurda railway station on Rath Yatra on June 21. Sahoo, who hails from Angul, ekes out living by begging at the station.Police have handed over her kid to child welfare committee. \"We are trying to find out the woman's husband, whose identify is yet to be ascertained. The CWC would decide on the fate of the child,\" railway inspector Smrutiranjan Kar said.Sahoo said that her husband deserted her three years ago. \"I sleep on pavements and at the railway station. Miscreants snatched away my child on Thursday. I was searching for him madly,\" she said.But the \"kidnapper\" narrated a different story. \"I did not abduct the child. I found the child deserted near the station. He was crying inconsolably. I took him to hospital and then took him to my home,\" he said. \"My elder sister also took pity on the child and took him to her house in Cuttack,\" the accused added.The four-month-old boy, who was allegedly stolen from Bhubaneswar railway station on Thursday, was rescued from Cuttack on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16818988", "title": "CBI registers two fresh cases in Coalgate scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI has registered two fresh cases against two companies for alleged forgery and cheating in connection with its probe in the coal block allocation scam and carried out searches in 16 locations, including Delhi and Hyderabad.The agency has booked an infrastructure and a steel company on charges of forgery and cheating while applying for captive coal blocks, CBI sources said.The agency, after registration of cases, launched search operations spread across 16 locations in Hyderabad, Satna, Secunderabad, Vishakhapatnam, Jaipur, Rourkela and Delhi at the premises of these companies, they said.They said the companies allegedly misrepresented their net-worth to claim eligibility for getting coal blocks.The new cases pertain to coal block allocation during 2006-09 in which the CBI had earlier registered seven FIRs in connection with the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16817481", "title": "Mary not happy with singer's ouster", "text": "IMPHAL: Olympics bronze medalist MC Mary Kom, while expressing concern over the ouster of visually-impaired Manipuri singer T Mandakini from a national talent show after being selected in the top 15 finalists, has demanded the organizers provide a reason to justify their decision to drop her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16814833", "title": "Whiff of 'politics' in VC selection process", "text": "KOLKATA: The vice-chancellors of Cooch Behar and Asansol universities may end up being political appointees despite chief minister Mamata Banerjee's oft-stated commitment to delink the education system from politics. The fear stems from the fact that the search panels consist of officials in the state administration and VCs of other universities.This is the first time that search panels have been formed by the state government after the amendment to the West Bengal University Laws (Amendment) Bill 2011.The two panels set up for Kazi Nazrul University in Asansol and Cooch Behar University have three names each. In Kazi Nazrul University, the panel members are Calcutta University vice-chancellor Suranjan Das, former VC of Jadavpur University, Avijit Chakraborty and VC of Netaji Subhash Open University, Subhashankar Sarkar. At Cooch Behar University, the search panel will be headed by higher education council chairman Sugato Marjit and have North Bengal University VC Samir Das and Rabindra Bharati University VC Sabyasachi Basu RoyChowdhury.Both panels will recommend three names each, from which one person will be appointed VC by chancellor MK Narayanan in consultation with education minister Bratya Basu. The term of the new VC will be for a year that can be extended.In the meantime - as other university bodies like court and faculty council are formed - a new search committee will be set up to select a VC who will be appointed for a full term.While amending the act and replacing UGC nominee in the VC search panel with government nominees, academics hinted that the policy change may lead to political influence in the selection procedure. Now, after the amendment, names chosen by the government in the first set of search committees is also raising questions regarding the Trinamool-led government's intension to depoliticize academics.Educationist Sunando Sanyal said, \"Party politics seems to be the deciding factor even in the names selected in the search panel constituted to appoint the first VC in the newly-founded universities. I have faith in the academic merit of Suranjan Das and Sugato Marjit. However, the rest are either holding important academic positions or have been appointed by the government to head universities. Couldn't the government have selected names of academics of repute from outside?\"Sugato Marjit said the clause in the amendment specifies that in case of new universities, the government will set up the search committee and panelists will be eminent academicians with high repute. \"If one agrees to it, then there is no question of political bias. But if there is disagreement, one can always claim that the name that will be chosen by the search panel will be a political appointee.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16816851", "title": "E-Sampark: Soon centres in sector 7, 21", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two more e-Sampark centres are set to come up in the city to cater to the northern sectors. The first centre will come up in Sector 21 in two weeks time and the second will open in Sector 7 and is expected to be ready by the year-end. Both centres will cater to a cluster of sectors in the vicinity. Plans are afoot to enable residents to carry out transactions online through net banking.UT secretary (IT) Prerna Puri said the administration was ready to introduce second generation Sampark centres which will offer smart services through internet to further minimize interaction points for citizens and hence reduce wastage of time by providing better turnaround time in receipt, processing and provision of services.At present customers can log on to the internet portals to access services and payment of services through credit card and debit card (Axis Bank). The additional internet portal services will include the facility of net banking for making payments of various bills online by citizens. Second generation Sampark centres will also go green, with issuing of e-receipts and electronic payments of transactions which will reduce the use of paper receipts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "shanghai", "code": "16814948", "title": "Leander Paes comes up trumps in grudge game", "text": "SHANGHAI: Leander Paes didn't put a foot wrong in the one-hour, 36-minute final of the Shanghai Rolex Masters 1000, serving all five of his team's aces and coming out on top in what was a personal and professional battle at the Qizhong Stadium. Paes and his Czech partner Radek Stepanek beat the all-Indian pairing of Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna 6-7 (7-9), 6-3, 10-5 to clinch their third title of the year.The Indo-Czech team, playing its fifth final of the year after having won titles at the Australian Open and Miami , pocketed 1000 ATP ranking points and $669,450 in prize-money. Bhupathi and Bopanna, chasing ranking points in order to make the cut for next month's ATP World Tour Final in London , settled for $328,260 and 600 points.It was the Bangalore boys, however, who started strongly and held sway for the first set and a half, but curiously lacked the energy to keep a good run going.Paes said: \"Today the two boys (Bhupathi and Bopanna) started off really well, right at the beginning they jumped on, we had to claw our way back. In the first set tie-break, they played well, again we had to claw our way back. That's what is fun about our partnership, we keep learning, keep improving. Today was a bit more of a personal match for the three of us Indians. Radek came in and he made it fun for me.\"The 39-year-old called the final in which he and Bhupathi, one-time friends and partners but now bitter rivals, were meeting for the first time in the year, as an awkward situation for the three Indians involved.\"I respect Rohan and Mahesh for being great tennis players, they work hard. We're all professionals. Personally, I don't hold animosity or grudges. At the end of the day, I'm a big believer in karma: what you put into the universe you get. I see what other people are trying to do as well. You respect it and move on, do what you got to do. The cake is enough for everybody to share a bit of it.\"Bopanna, who lost just one point on his serve in the first set, played the best he has all week. However, it wasn't Bhupathi's best match of the tournament. He was broken for the first time in the week and in, fact, dropped serve twice on the day. The second break of serve came in the eighth game of the second set, the Bangalorean pushing a volley long at deuce after battling back from 0-40. The break allowed the 34-year-old Stepanek, who wasn't at his best on the day, to serve for the set and take the match into the super tie-break in which the Indo-Czech pairing appeared keener for a fight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16815462", "title": "CID case against DySP, former mines director", "text": "PANAJI: The crime branch on Friday registered an FIR against former crime branch DySP Chandrakant Salgaonkar for \"carrying out a slipshod investigation\" against Congress leader Jitendra Deshprabhu in an illegal mining case. Salgaonkar is currently posted as DySP, CID security.Deshprabhu is alleged to have exported ore extracted from his property at Korgao in Pernem taluka. The FIR comes close on the heels of the Congress leader repeatedly lambasting chief minister Manohar Parrikar for \"fooling the people on the illegal mining issue\".The crime branch has also registered an offence against then director of mines Arvind Loliyekar and senior assistant geologist Hector Fernandes for the disappearance of three files from the mines department pertaining to the recovery of the value of the minerals illegally extracted from Deshprabhu's mine at Korgao.DySp Nilu Raut Dessai, who is the investigating officer, has stated in the FIR that Salgaonkar, Loliyekar and Fernandes committed offences of harbouring Deshprabhu, protecting him and also destroying evidence.Loliyekar not only failed to discharge his duties as director of mines and geology, but also, in collusion and conspiracy with the other accused, deliberately refrained from taking action in the illegal mining by Deshprabhu and his deliberate inaction protected the accused, states the daily station report (DSR) issued by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16817182", "title": "SCB Medical College and Hospital struggles to tackle dengue rush", "text": "CUTTACK: With more and more people in the state continuing to test dengue positive, the dengue ward in SCB Medical College and Hospital is struggling to keep pace with amenities and treatment.At least 65 patients are undergoing treatment in the 25-bed ward, with most patients forced to park on the floor.\"The condition is deplorable here. Patients are undergoing treatment on the floor and the hospital authorities have not even bothered to provide mosquito nets,\" said S K Mohanty, attendant of a patient.\"Over 1,000 patients have been affected by dengue in the state so far and the government hospital is not at all prepared to deal with the situation. In such overcrowded condition, the patients' condition will deteriorate further instead of improving,\" said Ashok Rout, relative of a patient.Doctors also conceded to the shortage of infrastructure at the hospital. \"The number of doctors and paramedic staff is very less in comparison to the number of patients pouring in. There is an immediate need to recruit more doctors in the ward to manage the patients,\" said a doctor at the hospital.Meanwhile, hospital authorities have decided to open one more ward for dengue patients. \"The number of dengue patients is rising with each passing day. We are planning to open one more dengue ward to accommodate the patients,\" said Dr B N Moharana, emergency officer of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16817344", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation spent Rs 2cr to raze 900 buildings", "text": "PUNE: In the last four months, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) demolished 8.5 lakh sq ft using Rs 2 crore of the tax payers' money, a top civic official said.An official, who declined to be named, said that since July, the civic body has demolished 900 illegal buildings. \"Expenses include the money spent on manpower and machinery and depend on the size of the building. It can range from Rs 20,000 to Rs 2 lakh per construction,\" said the senior official of the building permission department.Other expenses include payment to contract labourers, hiring of excavators, transportation, communication, survey of illegal buildings, paper work and other staff expenses. There are other direct and indirect expenses such as providing police protection to the squad during the drive.A demolition division that works under the building department and anti-encroachment department sends notices to illegal constructions before carrying out the demolition.\"The PMC carries out the drive using machines such as X-cutter which is more effective. The charges of this machine are Rs 250 per sq m,\" said Sudhir Kadam, PMC's executive engineer (building permission department).Mukund Barve, an engineer of the department, said demolition rates vary. \"If we calculate the total charges for demolition of one sq ft of illegal construction with manual works and PMC-owned smaller machinery, then the cost would be around Rs 20 per sq ft. If we go for highly-mechanized demolition with private contractor's machines and manpower, then the cost would be around Rs 32 per sq ft,\" he said,The PMC officials said that during the last four months, the civic body has demolished around 2 lakh sq ft using the highly-mechanized demolition method, while the remaining around 6.5 lakh was demolished manually and using smaller machinery.The demolition team comprised 100 civic officials and 100 workers, as well as 120 police personnel. As many as 12 JCBs, 10 breakers and 10 gas cutters were used during the demolition drive. Even vehicles such as vans, cars and trucks are used in the drive.Recovering cost from developers a tough taskThe civic administration has been unable to recover the expenses incurred in its drive against illegal constructions from the developers responsible for the structures.\"The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is using taxpayers' money for the demolition work and hardly any money has been recovered. Despite sending repeated notices to developers, they have not paid even a single rupee to the civic body,\" said a senior official.PMC executive engineer (building department) Sudhir Kadam said that the administration is following up the matter. \"We are trying to recover the money through the property tax payments of the developers,\" he said.The civic body has carried out its drive against illegal construction in Taljai, Dhankawadi, Kharadi, Shivajinagar, Janwadi, Gokhalenagar, Baner, Balewadi, Pashan, Vadgaonsheri, Kalas, Dhanori and Warje-Karvenagar.Civic activists say that apart from developers, the money should also be recovered from those who support them. \"Strict action is required against these people. If the current methods are not working, new ways should be found to collect money from the developers,\" said Vivek Velankar, president of Sajag Nagrik Manch.Activist Vishwas Sahashtrabuddhe said, \"The money should be recovered from those involved in illegal constructions, but the PMC should also impose an additional penalty on them. The taxpayers' money is for development of the city and the PMC is spending it on demolition.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814546", "title": "Jail visits must to identify juveniles", "text": "NEW DELHI: Juveniles who languish in Delhi jails due to official apathy can now hope for systematic and periodic relief. For the first time, the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) has institutionalized monthly jail visits by a committee of experts to identify juveniles, and then carry out regular follow ups to ensure their rights are not violated by incarceration in jails.The NCPCR informed the Delhi high court by way of an affidavit last week and said it has already charted out the schedule for jail visits for the next 3 months. The panel will first conduct training and orientation programme for jail visits on October 19, followed by visits to city prisons.In its affidavit, the NCPCR informed HC that it has complied with the court directions passed in May this year where it had asked it to form a panel of at least ten persons to find out if there are juveniles illegally confined in jail. The reason for institutionalizing jail visits became evident to HC after it found out from a team of Delhi Legal Services Authority (DLSA) and NCPCR members \u2014 authorized by it to visit Tihar \u2014 that over 100 juveniles have been wrongfully lodged with adult inmates in just Jail no 6 and 7 of Tihar prisons. HC had then asked the police to find the age of the accused at the time of arrest, and had asked the magistrates to send the accused, who appeared to be juveniles, for ossification test to ascertain their age. The court had lamented that despite clear directive under the Juvenile Justice Act which mandates that no juveniles should be lodged in jail, police and magistrates are unable to ensure they don't end up in jails.HC's attention to the plight of juveniles in Delhi jails was drawn last year by a combined team of concerned persons including advocate Anant Asthana, Minna Kabir, a volunteer for Child Rights and legal Aid Worker and Bharti Ali from NGO HAQ. HC took suo motu cognizance of their letter, saying it raises a serious issue touching upon the rights of juveniles in conflict with law. The letter cited RTI replies revealing that between October 2010 and August 2011, 114 people were shifted from Tihar Jail to observation homes after they were found to be juveniles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814313", "title": "Kalkaji heist: One accused known to elder: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after a 76-year-old woman was gagged, thrashed and robbed in her Kalkaji home, cops are trying their best to make a breakthrough.Initial investigations reveal that a person known to victim Ramola Majumdar was either directly involved in the heist or had given a tip-off. \"There were three assaulters and two of them were masked. We suspect one of the masked men knew Majumdar. That the accused took their time to commit the robbery and also finished the scotch bottle lying in the house indicate they were sure that nobody would come to the N Block house,\" said a source.Cops are also finding the movements and statements of a guard posted in the opposite bungalow in the southeast Delhi locality suspicious. Ashwini mysteriously vanished minutes before the heist. He was also found missing when police raided his house. Cops traced him later but Ashwini could not give a satisfactory answer about his whereabouts. Sources said his behaviour suggests that he could be one of the masked men.The maids working in the house are also under scanner. Cops are also tracking people who had worked in the house earlier. Around 100 people from the neighbourhood have already been questioned. Police said they were handling the case on a priority basis.Majumdar is recuperating in a hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16814692", "title": "Yuvraj back with a bang with sizzling ton", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was comeback man Yuvraj Singh and North Zone skipper Shikhar Dhawan who struck centuries to put their team on top against Central Zone on the first day of their Duleep Trophy semifinal at the RGIC Stadium on Sunday.Yuvraj looked in sublime form and showed no signs of the ravages of cancer that had put a question mark over his career only a few months back. The Punjab player batted for 219 minutes and remained unconquered on 133 as North Zone made a commanding 346 for four at stumps.Yuvraj, who began with a silken boundary off the first ball, struck 20 fours and two huge sixes as he faced 152 balls and remained largely untroubled. The Central bowlers failed to make much of an impact on him and may well be in for some more trouble when the batsman resumes his innings on the morrow.Yuvraj's love story with the RGIC stadium seems to be growing stronger with each innings. He had notched up two centuries in ODIs on this ground earlier - 103 against South Africa in 2005 and 121 against Australia in 2007.While the focus was largely on Yuvraj, skipper Dhawan was not too far behind. The southpaw, following his 101 and 50 in the quarterfinal against West Zone in Chennai, took off from where he had left off.After winning the toss, Dhawan batted first on a wicket which lent some help to the medium-pacers but not enough to make life miserable for the batsmen. Hence, it was a cat-and-mouse game between the bowlers and the batsmen as each waited for the other to blink first. Medium-pacer Rituraj Singh struck first blood when he had Rahul Dewan (17) leg-before with 35 on the board.Dhawan and Nitin Saini , who survived some anxious moments with a couple of edges eluding the fielders, took the score past the 100 mark before Bhuvneshwar Kumar pulled off an incredible catch at fine-leg off medium-pacer Praveen Kumar to send back Saini (35; 94b, 4x4).Yuvraj walked in and the complexion of the game changed as he and Dhawan put the rival attack to the sword. Dhawan, who was on 56, when Yuvraj came on to bat, played second fiddle admirably. Dhawan struck 14 fours in his 200-ball innings which produced 121 runs before Murali Kartik pulled off a brilliant caught and bowled effort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16816939", "title": "Mahila Cong tries to unite leaders", "text": "BHOPAL: In faction-riddled Madhya Pradesh state Congress party, the women's wing is organising a convention to bring all warring central leaders on the same dais - a feat which is very hard to achieve. The last person who succeeded in bringing contending party leaders of rival groups together was Union minister Kamalnath who organised a conference in Chhindwara a few months before the 2008 assembly elections. But that effort failed to achieve the desired results as well.Realising that the next assembly polls are only a year away, the Mahila Congress is making an endeavour to unite the party. \"On October 28, we are organising a Mahila Shakti Sammelan (women power convention) at Manas Bhavan which will be attended by all women office bearers from the districts, blocks, wards, booths, women councillors from the local bodies and women panchayat members and sarpanch,\" said Archana Jaiswal, president state Mahila Congress.\"On the dais will be the central leaders from the state who will guide us as to how woman workers and office-bearers can play a prominent role in bringing the Congress back to power in 2013,\" Jaiswal added. The women's wing has sent out letters of invitation to Union ministers Kamalnath, Jyotiraditya Scindia, AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh , former PCC chief Suresh Pachauri, PCC president Kantilal Bhuria and leader of opposition Ajay Singh. National Mahila Congress president Sudha Rai has also been invited.Asked if the convention will succeed in uniting the party, Jaiswal said, \"I am a small fry in the party. My work is to invite every central leader from the state and I have done the same. I cannot be over-confident to claim that the leaders will respond to the call of Mahila Congress and unite but it is a woman who holds a family together. Women know how to take everyone along and run that family. Ahead of the assembly polls, Mahila Congress is doing its bit.\"The convention will thank AICC president Sonia Gandhi for implementing 33% reservation for women in the party offices. \"Nearly all district party offices have achieved that target and a large number of women members are getting prestigious positions in the organisation. The convention will serve as a one-day training programme for women members who will learn the finer points about election campaigning,\" Jaiswal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16816883", "title": "\u2018Efficycle\u2019 ends with endurance race", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Efficycle-2012, a college-level event on design and fabrication of an environment-friendly human-cum-electric power hybrid vehicle ended on Sunday with an endurance race.Team Agraganya of Amrita College of Engineering, Kollam, Kerala, and team Thor of Jamia Millia Islamia, Delhi, jointly shared the first prize. Team Aaryans of Walchand College of Engineering, Sangli, Maharshtra, bagged the third prize of Rs. 50,000. Efficycle saw participation by 62 teams from colleges across the country including 3 IITs, BITS Pilani, PEC, IGIT, Delhi and UIET.The event which was held at UIET also saw three all girls' teams -- \"The survivors\" from Indira Gandhi Institute of Technology, Delhi, G S Racers from Shri Govindram Seksaria Institute of Technology and Science, Indore, and \"Acceloracerz\" from Veer Surendra Sai University of Technology, Odisha \u2014 participate. The purpose of this event is to involve young engineers in research and development of an environment-friendly mobility solution.The last day of the event kicked off with an exciting endurance race wherein 51 qualified teams ran their vehicles on the 1.4 km endurance track. This race which aimed to test the durability of the vehicles continued for 90 minutes.This was followed by a valedictory ceremony which was attended by Arun Grover, vice chancellor of Panjab University, who was the chief guest, Renu Vig, director, UIET and Alok Jaitley, convenor, Efficycle-2012, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16817308", "title": "Degree of change", "text": "One of the key lessons from all the case studies and lectures at business school is that change is inevitable. The demise of the once dominant Kodak , or the emergence of online retailers such as Amazon is powerful reminders to MBA students of the impact of shifting market conditions , and the emergence of new challenges.APPLICATION TRENDSThe current economic climate is in turn raising many questions for the future of business schools themselves. The latest GMAC Application Trends Survey shows an increased demand for specialised programmes in fields such as management, accounting and finance , as well as online and distance programmes. And while demand for the full-time oneyear MBA programme has remained stable, 62% of the full-time two-year programmes in the US reported a decrease in applications this year. Schools with traditional ties to the financial markets have been particularly hard hit, with Columbia Business School reporting a 19% fall in applications and NYU Stern a 12% decline. Meanwhile, schools in Asia have seen a surge in demand, with 79% of the full-time two-year programmes reporting application increases, mostly from domestic applicants. Are we witnessing an irreversible shift in demand for business education? Rising levels of student debt and the fact that an MBA is no longer the golden ticket to a six-figure salary on Wall Street , has caused a growing number of students to look outside the US for their business education. Increasingly, those wishing to study in North America are opting to look north of the border to neighbouring Canada . Schools here, such as McGill University's Desautels or UBC Sauder, offer comparably high levels of teaching, yet the cost for an MBA is still less than half the cost of education at top US schools.REMAIN RELEVANTIt is the maturing economies of Asia, however, that are propelling the general rise in MBA applications, forcing schools in both North America and Europe to reevaluate their position within the market. The Vlerick Business School in Belgium has done just this, undergoing a thorough revision of its course content, a rebrand of its image, and the addition of a new campus in Brussels . Vlerick's dean, Philippe Haspeslagh, explains that, \"Business schools have to step up the game to remain relevant. The economic context has encouraged us to focus our strategy and to be even closer to our customers than we've been before.\" In the face of an uncertain global economy and ever-increasing competition, schools like Vlerick realise that standing still is not an option. And though the words 'Euro' and 'Crisis' have been a regular feature of the business news cycle for the past two years, some parts of the continent are proving less vulnerable to the overall slowdown in the Western MBA market. In Germany, the economy remains strong and jobs are available for MBA graduates. At the European School of Management and Technology (ESMT) in Berlin , they have experienced a rise of almost 40% for their January 2013 full-time intake. This can be partly accredited to their continued liberal laws on the right to work for non-EU students, whereby visa applicants with a recognised university degree and a job offer paying more than euros 45,000 get an automatic work permit. In the case of fresh MBA graduates from a German business school, they have 18 months to find such an offer and can work part-time in the meantime. This is in sharp contrast to countries such as the UK where visa restrictions are deterring many students.SPECIALIST MASTERSBut perhaps the most significant trend underlined by this year's GMAC survey has been the 73% increase in those applying for specialist Master's programmes, the fifth consecutive year of growth. Schools are now opting to design courses that cater to specific industries. Patrice Houdayer, vice-president of Graduate Programmes at EM Lyon, which offers a number of specialised Master's programmes, says: \"Not only are today's students increasingly looking for a learning experience that is directly relevant to the industry in which they want to work, but we also see employers who are eager to recruit graduates with an in-depth understanding of their sector. Our specialised Master's programmes, in both the Sports and Outdoor Industry, and in Luxury Management and Marketing, are largely driven by this demand from employers. They offer students the chance to learn an industry as well as gain valuable onthe-job experience through company projects and placements.\"This rise of such specialised Master's degrees is a clear indicator of how the ability to guarantee employment and limit the level of student debt is now foremost in the mind of today's students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16816792", "title": "Congress seeks CBI probe into Palemar's role", "text": "MANGALORE: The Dakshina Kannada District Congress Committee has demanded that Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) take suo moto cognizance of possible role played by then minister for ports Krishna Palemar in aiding disappearance of seized iron ore at Belekeri port in Uttara Kannada district.A team of CBI officials on October 5 raided the office of port at Belekeri in Ankola taluk in connection with the 'missing iron ore' case.AICC member PV Mohan told reporters on Saturday that it is baffling why the CBI has not yet approached Palemar and taken his version as part of their investigation. \"Palemar was the minister for ports and he is the key factor who can shed light on how nearly 8.5 lakh tonnes of seized iron ore went missing from Belekeri,\" Mohan said, adding that the Congress on its part will make a plea to the CBI to probe Palemar's role in this whole affair.The CBI team verified documents and collected information from the port office and later raided offices of Mallikarjuna Shipping, Salgaonkar Mining Industries and Adani Enterprises at Belekeri and interrogated senior manager of Mallikarjuna Shipping Company. The team also gathered information from JMFC court at Ankola, on the hearing of cases of ore theft against companies filed by the criminal investigation department.Former Suratkal MLA K Vijaykumar Shetty accused Palemar, MLA representing Mangalore City North Assembly constituency, of neglecting elected representatives from the Congress in all official functions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16815157", "title": "Now, call centres to help lodge complaints", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government is planning to put an end to refusal of complaints by the men in uniform and make Bengal a 'zero refusal' state. It will take help of the call centres to register crime cases, so that people can dial the call centre number and record their complaints, if they find 100 dial or the police station telephone numbers busy.In order to put an end to the police harassment and, particularly, misconduct by men in uniform, a state police complaints authority will also be set up soon. Recently, the home ministry has recommended for a citizen-friendly system for registration of crime and for that the state is planning to take help of call centres to help people in the time of need. The missive stated that the registration of FIRs should be made citizen-friendly. \"Technology should be used to improve the accessibility of police stations to the public.\"So, aggrieved citizens, who are often frustrated dialling 100 unable to talk to the police control room or the police helpline or refused by the local police stations, can now lodge their complaints by dialling the call centre number. The call centre helpline will record a complaint and try to contact the concerned police station. The call centre support desk will also inform the senior officers about the complaints lodged. The state is also planning to popularize the concept of lodging FIR through e-mails and telephone. Though there are legal provisions, it is not practised in reality.The state has launched crime and criminal tracking network system (CCTNS), so that once a complaint is lodged it can be accessed by the top cops for its status. Often, the officers at the police stations do not entertain complainants since more complaints mean a rising crime graph, which they do no want to show as it stands for 'inefficiency'.The home ministry has also suggested setting up of public kiosks, so that the people can directly use a voice interactive system to log in their complaints, which will reach the top cops later.Moreover, the complaints authority, which will have the power similar to that of a court, will look into all complaints of misconducts against men in uniform and dispose the complaints in a month. The authority will be headed by a retired high court judge. It will have nominees from the state government, human rights commission and women's commission. A human rights activist will also work as a member of the authority. In the districts, too, there will be an independent complaints authority.Former Supreme Court judge and state human rights commission chairman, Justice Ashoke Kumar Ganguly, has welcomed the move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16816189", "title": "Ex-teachers to stage dharna for pension dues", "text": "KANPUR: Upset over not receiving revised pension in accordance with the sixth pay commission, members of Basic Shiksha Pensioners Association have announced a demonstration against the Basic Education Department from October 26.The pensioners alleged that the education department officials are unnecessarily delaying the disbursement of the arrears to the beneficiaries even though grant for the same has been released.Talking to TOI, RK Shukla, president, Basic Shiksha Pensioners Association said hundreds of retired basic school teachers have been deprived of their fair due by the government and they would stage a demonstration from October 26 if the delayed pensions are not disbursed.Shukla said even the basic pension from the month of January, 2012 to May, 2012 has been put on stay due to alleged negligence of the authorities of basic education department.\"The teachers who retired before 2006 have not yet received the arrears and other benefits of the sixth pay pension plan.The dues add up to several lakh rupees for each teacher. Those who retired after 2006 are still waiting to get the benefits,\" Shukla added.The official said now that the pension has been sanctioned, they were not willing to wait anymore for its disbursement.\"It is ridiculous that we have to sit on a dharna for our own money. This reflects the poor management of accounts department of the basic education system,\" said Karuna Devi, 68, a retired teacher from Kalyanpur who has promised her grandson a motorcycle this Diwali.Similarly, 72-year-old Harishanker Tiwari from Jajmau has long been waiting for the dues which he plans to spend on renovating his house.The elderly teachers alleged deliberate mismanagement by the accountant of basic education department was responsible for the fact that their pensions for the months of January to May 2012 had not been released.When TOI contacted Vinod Kumar, accountant of district Basic Education Department, he said the delayed pensions and arrears will soon be disbursed to the retired teachers.The delay was from the part of treasury which had pointed out some problems in the bills sent by the teachers, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16816175", "title": "Littered ghats await visitors for Amavas ritual", "text": "KANPUR: Thousands of devotees will throng the various Ganga Ghats to offer tributes to their ancestors in the form of the 'tarpan' ritual on last day of the 'Pitra-Paksha' on Monday. As on every festival, preparation of municipal corporation authorities at the ghats is poor.Most of the Ghats are lying untreated since Ganpati Visarjan.Stairs and sides of the ghats are flooded with garbage and no temporary arrangements have been made to change for women. The last day of the dark fortnight of 'Pitra-Paksha', is also known as Mahalaya Amavasya. These 15 days are considered extremely auspicious for performing obsequial rites for the dear departed.Special pujas will be organised by ghat authorities but priests and locals residing near the ghats are not very happy with the poor approach of municipal authorities towards the festivals.Many Ghats are lying unclean since Ganpati Visarjan while many present a bad picture of its management. No cleanliness arrangements have been made at Sarsaiya Ghat, Masscare Ghat, Gola Ghat and Siddhnath Ghat to name a few where a large crowd gathers every Amavasya to take a holy dip in the Ganga.The stairs at Massacre Ghat are in a shambles. There is hardly any place to walk on the staircase at Siddhnath Ghat as well.There is garbage with pieces of idols, flowers, polythene packets and other religious offerings littered on stairs and floating on water at several city ghats. Similar is the scene at Sarsaiyya ghat where the garbage is floating on water and even being dumped on the river banks.\"It's bad we have to urge the municipal authorities to clean the ghats before every festival. Is it no their duty to take care of these matters,\" asks Sanjay, a shopkeeper at Sarsaiyya ghat.Ghat authorities, on the other are all who visit the ghats for the rituals.As many as 60 boats have been arranged at Sarsaiya ghat to take people to the middle of the river for Rs 10 per person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16817043", "title": "A day after, cops quiz kin, associates", "text": "BHOPAL: Police are digging out details of personal life and property disputes of Deep Singh who, his wife, two kids and a driver were murdered in Bilkisganj on Saturday. On Sunday, the police interrogated relatives and associates of the deceased, Deep had disputes.Singh, his wife Rukmani, two children--Sanjana and Saurabh and Qasim Khan, a resident of Alwar in Rajasthan were found murdered in his car close to Bilkisganj in Sehore district a day earlier.ADG Vijay Yadav said \"We are examining issues related to his personal life, besides property disputes. Statements are being recorded of his family members, including two brothers apart from other persons with whom the deceased had property-related disputes.Sehore SP K B Sharma said \"It was a pre-meditated crime and accused ensured that no one survives. A police team was sent to Alwar had returned. Prime facie it appears that the incident revolves around Deep Singh's personal life and dealings, he said, adding that last rites of the family were conducted on Saturday after the autopsy.His two brothers Vinod and Bane Singh and his father Mathura Prasad own agriculture land around Khedla village on Bhopal-Sehore road. The deceased was a habitual offender. His two brothers also committed crimes in the past and even faced externment. The police have also rounded them for questioning.Regarding Khan, the police said he was a friend of deceased. He used to drive vehicles engaged for harvesting purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16817239", "title": "Shop employees attack woman after her baby \u2018takes\u2019 a doll", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested a supervisor of a textile shop in Purasawakkam for attacking a customer on Sunday evening.Police said Vimalakumari , 29 ,of Perambur had gonetothe shop along with her one-yearold son . While the woman was shopping , her son reportedly took a doll, which the woman did not notice . After she paid the bill, an employee of the shop questioned her as to why she did not pay for the doll which the baby was holding . A heated argument ensued .The woman alleged that during the argument , the shop's supervisor Joseph , 60 , and security guard Vasantha , 36, attacked and injured her . The woman was sent for a medicalexamination after shefiled a complaint at the Vepery police station . Police have arrested Joseph , after questioning both the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16817037", "title": "Residents nab LPG supplier", "text": "CHANDIGARH: High drama prevailed when a dozen residents of Sector 39 caught a supplier of LPG cylinders and handed him over to the police, claiming that the cooking gas was below the authorized limit in three cylinders on Sunday. The supplier belongs to HP distribution centre, Parnam Gas Agency in Sector 37, and was rounded up when he came to supply a cylinder at the house of Ramesh Chander, an accounts officer with Haryana government, in Sector 39.Subsequently, police have also summoned inspector Komal Sareen of Weight &amp; Measurement Department, who established that the cooking gas was not less in the cylinders after weighing them. Ramesh Chander said, \"The cooking gas was found 2kg, 1.5kg and 600gm less in three LPG cylinders against the standard 14.2kg. Initially, the owner of the distribution centre also refused to come with the weighing machine.\" Chander refused to believe the findings of Weight &amp; Measurement Department who confirmed the correct weight of cylinders.Sub-inspector Sarwan Singh of Sector-39 police station said, \"Raman Sharma of Parnam Gay Agency was also summoned on the spot and cylinders were returned to him after being examined by Weight &amp; Measurement Department officials.\" A DDR was lodged at police station in Sector 39.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "anaji", "code": "16818226", "title": "Youth held for raping minor girl in Goa", "text": "ANAJI: A 21-year-old youth was arrested for allegedly raping a four-year-old girl in Kalay village of Sanguem taluka, about 100 km from here, police said today.The accused, Manjunath Shinde, who was living in the girl's neighbourhood, allegedly led her into his room yesterday by luring her with some food items and raped her there, police said.The victim's mother later lodged a complaint, police said, adding that the accused went into hiding in the nearby forest from where he was nabbed last evening.Shinde, hailing from Karnataka, was working as a truck driver with a mining firm, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16815267", "title": "Odisha man held for 'flesh trade'", "text": "CALANGUTE: Calangute police arrested Narendra Das, 22, a native of Odisha, for procuring a woman for prostitution late on Friday night. He was remanded to seven days police custody by the JMFC, Mapusa on Saturday.Following a tip-off that a pimp would be coming to deliver a woman to prospective customers near the Calangute football ground, police maintained a watch and nabbed Das when he arrived with a victim woman to deliver her to customers.The woman, 24, a native of West Bengal but residing at Mumbai, has been sent to Apna Ghar in Merces. Das, has been charged under Sections 4, 5 and 7 of the Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act 1956.The police team which nabbed him consisted of PI Nolasco Raposo, PSI Sherif Jacques, PCs Vinay Shrivastava, Vinod Naik, Narendra Salgaonkar, Rupesh Khanolkar and LPC Darshana Sawant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16817082", "title": "Young man bludgeoned to death in sleep", "text": "BHOPAL: A young man was bludgeoned to death in his house in Bagh Sewania area of the state capital during early morning hours on Sunday. The incident took place in Nav Basti and surprisingly none of the family members of the deceased present in the room had any clue about the intruder who was spotted by his mother.Police said the deceased, Munna Shinde, was asleep when was attacked on his head with a blunt object leading to his death, the police added.Munna's mother, Radha got up on listening to his screams and saw a person who had covered his face close to Shinde. The accused escaped as soon she raised an alarm.The incident remained mysterious to police as there were five people sleeping in the same room but no one heard anything unusual, till Radha raised the alarm.\"The family, including deceased's mother, his brother's brother-in-law, his niece and daughter had slept after watching a movie in the night. They have reportedly told the police that they have no idea as to when the unidentified man had entered the room and attacked Shinde\", said town inspector Dinesh Joshi.A case of murder has been registered against unidentified accused and further investigations are underway in the incident, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16814617", "title": "It\u2019s \u2018City of Joy\u2019 for Durga puja", "text": "HYDERABAD: With elaborate pandals, intricate protimas (idols), stalls serving typical Bengali food and artistes from Kolkata performing Rabindra Sangeet, Bengali dramas and dances, the rising number of Durga Puja held in the city are striving to recreate the 'City of Joy' here as the festival is fast approaching. As many as 15 pandals are all set to come up this festive season, each boasting of big corporate sponsors and budgets predictably burgeoning for the complete 'pujo' experience with bhog, daily entertainment programmes and lavish film set-like pandal interiors.Some of the biggest pujas in town include the one organised by Hyderabad Bangalee Samity at Domalguda, Bengali Cultural Association, Masab Tank and Keyes High School; other pujas are also held in Alwal, Vivekanandapuram, Balanagar and in various areas in the Old City where the Hyderabad Bengali Welfare Association has been organising this festival in the Nayapul area of the Old City for over two decades now.The pujo fever is now gripping even new parts of the city with Cyberabad all set to host some pandals and the Cyberabad Bengali Association already announcing its Anand Mela schedule on social networking sites. It would be putting up its pandal at JPN Nagar community hall in Miyapur. Organisers are busy fine-tuning their plans and estimate that the larger-than-life pandals would cost them at least Rs 5 lakh and getting performers from Mumbai and Kolkata would cost them around Rs 10 lakh or more. Each artiste demands nearly Rs 5 lakh and the amount rises with the performer's popularity. This year Mamta Sharma of 'Munni badnaam hui' fame is set to perform at Keyes while N C Karunya is slated to croon at Domalguda. City band Renesa would perform at the Miyapur pandal on ashtami, to be observed on October 22.The footfall at these events too has soared, going from around 50,000 and 20,000 five years ago to 1 lakh and 50,000 now at Keyes and Domalguda respectively. With budgets and crowds going through the roof, the mad rush for sponsors too has been amplified as organisers start trying to rope in the big names around three to four months earlier, in an attempt to get them before the other puja committees in the city. M K Mitra, general secretary of Bengali Cultural Association which organises the puja at Masab Tank said, \"We start looking for sponsors around three months in advance and try to get to big companies before the other organisers. It takes a lot of time and effort to rope in the big names. Idea Mobile and State Bank of Hyderabad are our major sponsors this time.\" The sponsors at Domalguda include Tata Motors , Orient Cement and Allahabad Bank while Keyes has managed to get Tata Docomo, Incredible India, Kotak Mahindra, Axis Bank, Samsung and Toshiba.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16819625", "title": "Sanjay Joshi meets sidelined BJP, RSS leaders in south Gujarat", "text": "SURAT: Facing party leader's ire, former BJP national vice-president, Sanjay Joshi, is refusing to leave the battle ground Gujarat. Joshi met almost seven RSS-BJP sidelines leaders who have been marginalized in last 10 years due to their association with Joshi fraction of BJP. Joshi's frequent visit to Gujarat prior to assembly elections, scheduled in December, created tension among BJP leadership in state.After his arrival in Surat on Sunday afternoon Joshi met Ghanshyam Kotadiya and Vajubhai Suhagiya at their residence. Later he addressed a meet of disgruntled BJP workers who are facing discrimination since long. He then met few supporters at an Ashram in Jahangirpura.Continuing his two day visit to Gujarat Joshi met Ishwar Patel, Dahyabhai Patel, Chandravan Sukani and Dipak Dudhwala in Surat at their residences. Joshi went to Navsari and stayed at residence of Jayanti Kevat, BJP's national co-convener of fisherman cell.Sources within the BJP believe that Joshi and his supporters planned their program with a strategy. They met each leader at their residence and avoided larger public meeting. Joshi is checking willingness of his supporters to come with him, a source informed. The Sunday's visit of Joshi was fourth visit to the state in last four months. Joshi continued his visit to Gujarat and met his supporters in Navsari and Dang districts on Monday. Joshi will visit Shabridham in Dang on Saturday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16820211", "title": "Kim Kardashian flaunts cleavage", "text": "Kim Kardashian , who seems to want to get something off her chest, took a day off from flaunting her curves to pay a little more attention to her massive cleavage in an effort to find a scary suit for Halloween.The 31-year-old reality TV star tweeted a picture to her more than 16 million followers with the caption \"Rawwwr!!! Halloween Costume shopping.\"The socialite had faced a similar problem last year and asked for some fashion advice from her 'twitfam', the Mirror reported.Kim had filed for divorce from Kris Humphries exactly one year prior on 31st October, after just 72 days of marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16814554", "title": "National Law School student raped on Bangalore University campus", "text": "BANGALORE: In yet another shocking act of depraved violence against women , a 21-year-old south Asian student of the country's premier National Law School of India University was allegedly gang-raped by a group of seven to eight drunk men in the adjoining Jnanabharathi campus of Bangalore University late on Saturday night.The second-year undergraduate student was out with a male friend, who works with an IT major, in his Volkswagen Polo car in a forested area of the 1100-acre campus, just about 2km from the Centre for Gandhian Studies, when they were attacked. While the male friend, who is from Kollam in Kerala, was brutally beaten up, the girl was allegedly sexually assaulted by the gang.Established in 1987, the NLSIU is a dream destination for law students. The campus has girls and boys in equal numbers, many of them of different nationalities.Quoting from the student's complaint, the police said that around eight Kannada-speaking hoodlums arrived on foot around 9pm and smashed the windshield of the parked car with iron rods. They then asked the terrorized couple to get out of the car, hit the boy repeatedly on his face, and dragged them deeper into the thickly wooded campus, 14km from the city on the Mysore highway.One of the attackers asked the duo to hand over their valuables. When the frightened boy told them his wallet was in the car, they asked him to fetch it. As the boy walked up to his car, the men dragged the girl deeper into the woods, the complaint said.The boy returned from his car with the wallet but found the girl and the men missing. He searched frantically for his friend and ran into a police constable. The cop joined the boy in the search. Around 1am, the boy got a call from the girl, saying she was in the hostel, said the police quoting the complaint.According to the girl's complaint, the assailants snatched her iPad and other electronic gadgets from her and raped her. They then walked her to the hostel on NLSIU campus where she stays, returned the gadgets, and thrust a 10-rupee note into her hands. She walked back to her hostel room and called her friend for help.The two immediately lodged a complaint at the Jnanabharathi police station. The girl was taken to Vani Vilas Hospital where she was medically examined. The results are awaited.\"We combed the area on Saturday night and Sunday morning looking for evidence. A case of rape has been booked as per the victim's complaint,\" said deputy commissioner of police SN Siddaramappa.Jnanabharathi police were tight-lipped about the victim's whereabouts. All they said was they were investigating the complaint. A team of policemen was seen escorting the girl to the scene of the crime at 5.30pm on Sunday.However, the police sought to play down the gang-rape allegations, saying the girl bore no injury or struggle marks during the medical examination.When TOI contacted NLSIU registrar V Nagaraj, he said, \"Talk to the vice-chancellor. Talk to the police who are investigating.\" Vice-chancellor R Venkata Rao was not in the country, according to the woman who took the call at his residence. Students and fellow hostellers have refused to talk.Policing the Jnanabharati campus poses tough policing challenges. In 2005, a construction worker was gang-raped by taxi drivers on the campus. Other incidents of crime include chain-snatching and robbery attempts. For over five years now, the campus gates are shut between 7pm to 5am to prevent its being used as a thoroughfare. It's also a popular jogging haunt for residents from neighbouring areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16819083", "title": "Indian Navy helicopter crashes in Goa, three reported killed", "text": "NEW DELHI: According to reports just coming in, a Chetak helicopter of Indian Navy has crashed in Goa.According to TV reports, three people including two officers have died in the crash.The chopper crashed during take off at the Dabolim airport.The chopper was flying from Mumbai to Mangalore and had stopped at Goa for refuelling.More details are awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "shanghai", "code": "16815071", "title": "Gritty Djokovic edges Murray in Shanghai Masters final", "text": "SHANGHAI: Novak Djokovic's serve was broken five times in the final of the Shanghai Rolex Masters 1000. The 25-year-old Serb, understandably furious, vented his anger, smashing his racquet to the ground, breaking it with four mighty swipes before tossing aside the mangled stick.Suffice to say that when it came to the crunch, the articulate world No. 2 held nerve and serve to rally from the brink, fighting off five match-points, four of them in the second set tie-break, to clinch the title 5-7, 7-6 (13-11), 6-3 in three hours and 21 minutes.After pocketing the up-and-down opening set and breaking Djokovic in the seventh game of the second set - when the Serb netted a volley - Murray seemed well on his way. Serving for the match in the tenth game, he even had a match-point. The reed-thin Djokovic, however, pushed the set to tie-break where the Briton had more chances to close the match and keep alive his unbeaten streak in Shanghai.The thing about the well-read, articulate Serb is that he just doesn't pack up and leave. Whatever advantage Djokovic may have surrendered with his serve on a chilly night at the Qizhong stadium, he more than made up with his staying power and sizzling brand of back-of-court tennis.Djokovic appeared more relieved than happy after the longest three-set final of the year. \"It was a really close match,\" he said. \"We had so many rallies in three and a half hours for a best-of-three set match, that's a very long time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16816265", "title": "Bow-wow! Lost dog reunited with owner at mall show", "text": "NEW DELHI: This could have been a lost-and-found story scripted in Bollywood. It's replete with all elements of a tearjerker \u2014 the separation, the pain and the dramatic reunion \u2014 except for a single peculiarity. One of the protagonists is a dog.Zaalim Singh, an independent-minded Tibetan mastiff whose gentle demeanour belies his name, went for a solitary stroll in his neighbourhood, Khirki Extension in south Delhi, and never returned. That was a month ago.\"We let him out to browse in the area right in front of our house. He had earlier always found his way back. This time he didn't. We looked all over the place,\" said Sapna Chaudhary, the owner.On Saturday, Zaalim was catwalking as part of an abandoned dog show in a south Delhi mall, when, in an amazing stroke of luck, he was spotted by Chaudhary. The dog and owner were reunited. Chaudhary cried. Zaalim, say NGO volunteers, did an energetic \"trot and dance\".\"We got him when he was five days old,\" said a tearful Chaudhary as her four-year old daughter, Gayatri, enthusiastically cuddled the dog. The two-old mastiff patiently bore her ministrations, wearing a pensive look as if contemplating this new turn of events after he had been resigned to a life of limited comfort at a shelter.Chaudhary had come to the Select CityWalk mall in south Delhi for shopping and did not know about the adoption show organized by NGO Cause for the Paws Saturday and Sunday.There were no other dramatic reunions, but the show drew several enquiries from shoppers at the mall and one 'Indian' dog found a home.Eighth-grader Shivangani Anand, had volunteered to help People For Animals (PFA) manage the canines. She spent her day looking after an Indian dog, Rishi, and after the show, couldn't bear to part with him. \"I had a dog till about three years ago, a Labrador. Dogs make really good companions and I love animals,\" she said, \"I already have a bed and my mom has gone out to get dog food. I'll take him home right now.\"The process of adoption is not simple. Adoptive families can take the dog home immediately but have to leave their contact details and identity proofs behind. These will be sent to the PFA office and teams will be sent out to conduct surprise checks on the families. The extra precaution is warranted as many dogs up for adoption demand special care.Chinky, over five years old, is a \"former stray\", as her current caregiver Bharti Verma puts it. Chinky used to live in Verma's apartment complex and had fresh neutering scars when she was first spotted. Verma started feeding her but Chinky disappeared for a couple of weeks. \"We found her lying on a heap of garbage. She was very weak and due to extreme starvation, had started ingesting the lining of her stomach,\" says Verma.Chinky couldn't keep food down and for years, she was on a diet of toasted bread and raw egg-white. Chinky is faring much better now, but needs care.About 40 dogs \u2014 kids to Verma \u2014 participated in the adoption programme. \"Some will be handed over immediately and for them there will be post-adoption checks. For those that need special care, like Sammy, a three-year-old Labrador who is blind, there will be a house-check by volunteers first,\" says Verma.Verma's own organization, Cure and Care Animal Help Foundation, is offering several dogs, who had once been pets but were maltreated, for adoption. Apart from Chinky and Sammy, there is Zara, a genetically malformed but \"very energetic\" mixed-breed (possibly with German Shepherd genes) and Danny, again a Labrador, who is battling depression and needs a home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/cuttack/berhampur", "code": "16817231", "title": "Corrupting them young", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/CUTTACK/BERHAMPUR: Making a mockery of the Rs 5000 expenditure cap slapped by the Lyngdoh commission on campus polls, students are spending anything between Rs 5 lakh to Rs 10 lakh for the two coveted posts of president and general secretary in the October 19 elections at prominent campuses in the state.\"Rupees 5,000? That's less than a day's expenditure in campaigning. You have to offer goodies, toffees and snacks to the guys. Besides, dedicated activists working round the clock have to be treated well,\" said a presidential nominee in a Bhubaneswar college.Student leaders are using the two holidays on Sunday and Monday (Mahalaya) for door-to-door campaign, incurring heavy expenditure on petrol. \"Due to parental pressure, some students may refrain from voting. We are visiting their families to reassure the guardians that their wards should come to vote and that the process is going to be peaceful,\" said a candidate in BJB Autonomous College.Sources said the estimated expenditure of a presidential candidate at Ravenshaw University is between Rs 10 to 12 lakh, probably the highest in the state. Besides incurring expenses on petrol for rallies, door-to-door campaigning and pushing cards, candidates are spending huge sums on arranging parties, supplying liquor and even distributing cash and movie tickets to voters, confided a student. \"Arranging the entire poll expenditure within Rs 5,000 is just impossible. But we are managing by using handmade posters and curbing other expenses,\" said Abhijit Lenka, a presidential candidate in Ravenshaw University.Sources said with municipal elections round the corner, political parties are liberally pumping in money this time to ensure their supporters rule the campus. \"Major financial aid is coming from political parties while candidates are also making contributions from their own pocket,\" said a candidate contesting election at Shailabala Women College.Various students' organizations have reacted strongly to the money and muscle power on the campuses. \"It was believed that Lyngdoh commission recommendations will streamline student union elections but nothing changed. Violating the guidelines openly, candidates are being backed by major political parties and money is flowing freely in the students' poll,\" said Dr Biswajit, convenor of Rashtriya Yuva Sangathan.\"Candidates are spending lavishly to attract voters. Earlier, everything was organized openly in hostels but now candidates have shifted party venues to hotels,\" said Sukant, a hostel boarder of Ravenshaw University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16815660", "title": "\u2018Faulty\u2019 software behind bumpy rides?", "text": "MUMBAI: Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's (BMC) road engineers have blamed the \"inefficient\" pothole tracking software for delay in repairing roads damaged during the monsoon. At a meeting on Friday, the BMC sought an explanation from the engineers on the delay and discussed the possibility of penalizing them if they failed to fill up the potholes within 48 hours.Blaming the \"faulty\" software for the delayed, the road engineers, along with members of their union, walked out of the meeting. According to sources, the penalties levied on engineers are estimated to be Rs 6 lakh. The fine is Rs 1,000 per day.Civic officials said they have received at least 200 complaints about the software glitches. Sometimes, the software lists all the potholes in the city in one ward, while at times, the software shows incorrect location of the pothole on the map. Engineers are supposed to click a picture after a contractor fills up a pothole and upload it on the software.\"There have been times when the software doesn't accept the closure reports. There have also been instances when the software doesn't assign potholes to contractors for that ward, delaying the filling-up of potholes. Why should we be penalized for problems in the software,\" said a civic official.\"There have been several complaints from engineers about the software. We have asked Probity Soft, the developers of the software, to tell us the reasons for the glitches. After which, it will be decided whether to fine them or not,\" said a senior civic official from the roads department.However, Shantanu Kulkarni of Probity Soft said that as and when problems were raised regarding the software, they were being attended to and there is no point in raising the issue now after the monsoon has gone by. \"In fact, we had asked the engineers to mail us in case of a problem, so that if a penalty was levied on them, these mails could be produced as records. The issue will be discussed with the additional municipal commissioner, whose decision will be the final one,\" said Kulkarni.The BMC has been using the software since November 2011. Citizens and engineers of the roads department have been asked to click pictures of the potholes and upload them on the software through a website www.voiceofcitizen.com. Once a pothole is reported, the respective engineer has to assign it to a contractor and ensure that it is filled within 48 hours. The software has cost the BMC Rs 60 lakh and is compatible with android phones only. So far 26,171 potholes have been reported on the website, of which 24,940 have been attended to. According to officials, the BMC implemented the software after its successful application in Pimpri-Chinchwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16816681", "title": "BJP to crack the whip on Yeddyurappa?", "text": "BANGALORE: The BJP appears to be thinking of initiating action against former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa for his anti-party remarks.While the former CM is holding a series of meetings on his proposed plan to float a regional outfit, senior BJP leader Ravi Shankar Prasad said the party's central leadership is considering action against the Lingayat strongman.\"Senior leaders are looking into the matter. Yeddyurappa is a senior leader. Beyond this I have nothing more to comment ,\" Prasad told reporters on Sunday. He was asked if the party was scared of Yeddyurappa, given that it hadn't initiated any action against him though he openly declared his intentions of launching a new party.Earlier, inaugurating a workshop to educate BJP workers about corruption in the UPA government, Prasad said UPA's scams are all encompassing - from underground to the sky. \"They haven't spared anything. Sky - 2G spectrum, land - CWG and Adarsha scams, and the ground beneath - Coalgate.The state BJP is holding an anti-corruption rally in Hubli on October 20, which will be followed by protests in all 224 assembly constituencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "panaji/vasco", "code": "16815206", "title": "Coordination meeting held on charter arrivals", "text": "PANAJI/VASCO: With the first charter flight scheduled to touch down at Dabolim on October 16, the director general of police Kishan Kumar on Saturday held a co-ordination meeting with various agencies including officials of the airport, customs, immigration, CISF and police.Airport director M Suresh told STOI that the meeting was held to discuss issues pertaining to strengthening security and also to enhance ease for charter tourists. With over 900 charter flights scheduled to arrive in Goa during the season beginning with October 16, the DGP urged officials of the customs and immigration to ensure the smooth functioning at the airport without compromising on movement of drugs and other contraband.The meeting also discussed modalities of improving passenger facilitation and policing and regulating traffic outside the airport.Considering that some charters will land in the early morning, traffic police have been asked to deploy more traffic police around the airport at the time of charter arrivals. Others who attended the meeting included SP South Allen D'Sa, SP (Immigration) Tony Fernandes , SDPO Vasco Lawrence D'Souza and officials of the Bureau of Immigration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16815155", "title": "Mayor defies audit call, clears trident payment", "text": "KOLKATA: Caught neck-deep in the trident lamp muddle, mayor Sovan Chatterjee has made things worse for himself by rejecting cries for an audit and clearing payment to the contractors.The mayor has told his officers to \"promptly clear payment files of contractors\", say sources. He has not only overruled the municipal commissioner's directive for an internal audit of the controversial lights but also the governor's query and even inquiries from the Comptroller and Auditor General.The CAG has been sending audit queries since August. The first reminder came in September and the second two days ago, but the mayor doesn't seem bothered.The mayor's haste is not without reason. An audit - either internal or by the CAG - will expose the truth over the fixing of fair rates, say KMC sources.The lighting department fixed the rates after taking quotations from just two small-time shops in the sanitary and fittings trade - one on Nirmal Chandra Street and the other in Shibnarayan Das Lane. The arbitrary price raised eyebrows even in the urban development department.A TOI investigation revealed that the shop owner on Nirmal Chandra Street doesn't even know about the development. \"Nobody consulted me from the Kolkata Municipal Corporation,\" he said, though the name and address of the shop figure in the KMC papers. The shop owner, instead, guided the TOI correspondent to a local pole manufacturing shop on Muktaram Babu Street that has supplied the medium-range poles according to KMC specifications.The inquiry was revealing. The pole maker said that he sold each pole for Rs 3,500 to the KMC registered contractors, who later billed the poles at Rs 5,800 each.The shop owner at Shibanarayan Das Lane, off Bidhan Sarani, told a similar story. He supplied the lamp and fittings for Rs 1,500 to Rs 2,000 while the KMC contractors quoted the rate as Rs 2,965.When there was a furore over the trident controversy, KMC asked the contractors to cut their bills by 40%. This, in itself, was an admission that the bills are far above the market rates, say sources. On Sunday, the mayor ordered his officials to clear payment of 75% to the contractors. \"Why is the mayor hesitant to clear the entire bill? There is something seriously wrong in the entire procedure. It needs to be investigated but the mayor isn't coming clear,\" said KMC Opposition leader Rupa Bagchi.The controversy refuses to die down even after heads rolled in the KMC headquarters. DG (electrical) Gautam Pattanayak was shunted out, but the mayor is silent on the others who signed on the rate documents, including the now acting DG (electrical) Monobrata Bose.The mayor puts up a brave front. \"I didn't do anything illegal. What I did is well within the rules. Contractors worked for the KMC. There is no reason why they should be kept waiting,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16815279", "title": "Apartments ready to vie for Shera Pujo title", "text": "KOLKATA: The intermittent rain has not been able to dampen the spirits of those living in apartment buildings in Kolkata. Ever since The Times of India Pujo Barir Shera Pujo was launched a decade ago, residents of most housing complexes have not bothered to go pandal-hopping. That's because more exciting things have been happening at their doorstep.\"Ever since we started taking part in the contest, our members have started inviting guests during the Pujas. Many relatives and friends come over to spend the Puja at our apartment. There is so much bonding and fun. People don't get all these at the community pujas. Our residents, even the youngsters, don't go pandal-hopping anymore. Programmes are held in the apartment every evening and everybody wants to participate,\" said an organizer.The Times of India Pujo Barir Shera Pujo 2012 contest is being presented by Simoco, powered by Kingfisher Strong Power Soda, in association with National Insurance, Concast Maxx and Bakefresh Biscuits. The event is supported by IFB agro and Club Salon.There were around 230 participants in The Times of India Pujo Barir Shera Pujo last year. Contest organizers believe that participation will go up this year. As on previous occasions, the complexes are divided into two categories. Category-I is for complexes with 100 or more flats. Category-II is for those complexes that have less than 100 flats.The total prize money is Rs 5 lakh and more than a fourth of the participants take away a prize in some category or the other. After all, there are 64 prizes up for grabs.In Category-I, the first prize is Rs 1,00,000 and the second prize is Rs 50,000. There are five judges' awards of Rs 10,000 each. The winners of Category-II walk away with Rs 50,000 and the runners up with Rs 25,000. There are five judges' awards of Rs 5,000 each. In addition to these, there are 50 special appreciation awards of Rs 4,000 each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "haryana's whistleblower ias officer, ashok khemka , 47, always keeps his traveling bags ready. in his 21 years of service, the 1991-batch officer has been transferred 43 times. his latest transfer order, he alleges, is influenced by vested elements because he exposed scams related to land deals in gurgaon and faridabad as director general, consolidations of holdings and land records, in his just two-month-long tenure. khemka, who grew up in a middle-class family of kolkata, graduated from indian institute of technology, kharagpur and completed doctorate in computer science from tata institute of fundamental research, mumbai. it was at this point in his career that he chose to join public administration over lucrative private sector job abroad. the journey ever since, he says, has been \"adventurous\". in an exclusive interview with sukhbir siwach , khemka tells it all", "code": "16815021", "title": "Discretionary change of land use mother of all land scams: Whistleblower officer", "text": "Haryana's whistleblower IAS officer, Ashok Khemka , 47, always keeps his traveling bags ready. In his 21 years of service, the 1991-batch officer has been transferred 43 times. His latest transfer order, he alleges, is influenced by vested elements because he exposed scams related to land deals in Gurgaon and Faridabad as director general, consolidations of holdings and land records, in his just two-month-long tenure. Khemka, who grew up in a middle-class family of Kolkata, graduated from Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur and completed doctorate in computer science from Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Mumbai. It was at this point in his career that he chose to join public administration over lucrative private sector job abroad. The journey ever since, he says, has been \"adventurous\". In an exclusive interview with Sukhbir Siwach , Khemka tells it all:Q: Once again you have been transferred within months of joining. How do you react to this?I have lost count of the number of transfers I have got in my 21 years of service. It's surely more than 40 times that I have been shifted from one department to another. Sometimes, I was posted against posts without work as OSD (officer on special duty). Normally, these posts are used to help favoured officers posted in field to keep a second government accommodation in Chandigarh. I have written to the state government against my recent transfer which was abrupt. There is a minimum tenure of two years as per the statutory IAS (Fixation of Cadre Strength) Regulations, 2010. I have been transferred to a small corporation not befitting my seniority in the service. Earlier, the same post was held by an officer who was 12 years junior to me.Q: Arbitrary transfers are demoralizing for upright officers. My conscience compelled me to speak up. Overcoming fear, I have chosen to represent to the government against the transfer order. What according to you led to this transfer?It is better that this question is addressed to the decision makers. Please understand my anguish. As a public servant, I am trying my best to swim against the tide. Scams and corruption cannot be addressed by silent passivity of the masses. Let me assure you that if bureaucracy was proactively dutiful, the 2G scam and the Coalgate would never have happened. Passive acquiescence is worse than active connivance.Q: But Haryana government has said that transfer of an IAS officer is its prerogative.It is true that transfers are the prerogative of the government, but a minimum tenure of two years is guaranteed in the statutory regulations. Nobody is above the rule. The rules have been framed by the central government in consultation with the state governments and notified after approval of the parliament. In case of any deviation from the statutory rules, should not the government explain the reasons for doing so?Q: Haryana chief secretary has said that you didn't decide the revenue cases as director of the consolidation of land holdings department, and that's why your transfer became an administrative need. What's your comment on this?I had powers under Section 42 of the consolidation act in the entire state. I promptly acted on two scandals in Baad-Gujar village, Gurgaon, and Chirsi, Faridabad which came to my knowledge. The chief secretary is probably referring to the work assigned to me as special collector under the land ceiling law. I had informed the government that the post of collector is a lower ranked post and this work ought to be assigned to a collector-rank officer. That was in August 2012. But I haven't got any response so far. Meanwhile, the Punjab and Haryana high court took notice of this in a pending litigation and ordered the government to correct this anomaly. However, it is worth mentioning that due to a retrospective amendment made in the land ceiling law in October, 2011 (the amendment was effective from January 1975), there would not be surplus land left in the state. This retrospective amendment is under litigation in the high court.Q. Can you please tell us about the increasing cases of land scams in NCR part of Haryana?The misuse of Section 42 of the consolidation act to transfer Panchayat land worth hundreds of crores to newly-formed companies with a paid-up capital of as little as Rs1 lakh is well known. The high court has quashed about 23 such orders. There may be several more such cases particularly in Gurgaon and Faridabad. I hope an independent investigation will be ordered to punish the guilty. There is another scam in Gurgaon and Faridabad where forest and hill areas are sought to be partitioned under the garb of consolidation to corner prime plots near highways to build farm-houses and resorts. Panchayats are losing their lands due to deliberate under-valuation during the consolidation proceedings.Q. Gurgaon seems to have become a hub of land scams. What can be done to stop this?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16820078", "title": "Priya Anand signs Farhan Akhtar's Fukrey", "text": "Priya Anand, a popular South actress who has acted in several Tamil and Telugu films will be seen as the female lead in Excel Entertainment's 'Fukrey'. She is cast opposite Pulkit Samrat in the film.Priya was recently seen in a special appearance in English Vinglish alongside Sridevi. Her performance was much appreciated. After English Vinglish , Priya started receiving Bollywood offers from several directors but she zeroed in on Fukrey .Fukrey is an edgy comedy. Other than Pulkit Samrat, the film also stars Manjyot Singh of Oye Lucky Lucky Oye fame. Richa Chhada who recently impressed all in Gangs of Wasseypur , plays a quirky don called Holy Punjabi in Fukrey .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16816406", "title": "Artistic script needs help to engrave a new chapter", "text": "LUCKNOW: A closer look at the walls of Chhota Imambara reveals that the strokes on its outer wall have been painted to spread a message with aesthetic perfection. These strokes make words and words make lines, forming an art pattern revered by Muslims from all over the world. Islamic calligraphy has a special connect with Lucknow, which is going to host country's first exhibition beginning on October 17 on the journey of calligraphy with special focus on Islamic form of calligraphy. TOI brings the nuances of the art.The Lucknow School: Islamic calligraphy is found in three distinct styles in India. They are: Lahore, Delhi and Lucknow. \"Of the three, Lucknow is undoubtedly the best because of better aesthetics and uniqueness,\" said Khwaja GS, director, Archaeological Survey of India's (ASI) Arabic and Persian Epigraphy branch. (Epigraphy is the study of inscriptions such as writings and symbols. It is a primary tool for archaeologists and when dealing with literate cultures). On what makes Lucknow different, the officer said, \"Daiyre or the circles made while writing letters sets Lucknow apart. Instead of the common Aftabi style (complete circle), writers in Lucknow used Baizawi (or elliptical or egg shaped circles) circles for the letters. This made the words look better than the traditional inscriptions.\" Not just the style, the art developed as a vocation in Lucknow.The Quran connect: Islamic calligraphy is believed to be deeply associated with the revelation of Quran to the Prophet Muhammad. Giving more details in this regard, Khwaja GS said, \"There is no doubt that Islam helped in popularising this art form, but Islamic calligraphy originated in a place called Nabayoth (a biblical period region near South Syria). People of this place wrote in Armenian script, which was adopted by Arabs with certain modifications. The Arabic form of calligraphy was called kufi after a city named Kifa. The initial versions of Quran have been written in Kufi lithographs, which are kept safely in the museums of Istanbul. Now, one of the five verses revealed to Prophet Mohammad talks about the importance of humans writing with pen. The connection gives the impression that Islamic calligraphy originated through the Quran.\"Patrons and admirers: Prophet Muhammad's son-in-law and the fourth Caliph of Islam, Ali ibn Abi Talib is considered to be the first master of calligraphy. Calligraphy in India flourished during the Mughals. In fact Mughal nobles learnt the art from experts and practiced the same. Aurangzeb for instance wrote the calligraphic Quran many times. After the fall of Mughals, artisans found patronage in other kingdoms and Nawab dynasty of Awadh welcomed them with open arms. The Nawabs not only conserved the sacred nature of calligraphy, but ensured that it found place in Islamic architecture inscriptions. Beautiful Islamic inscriptions soon adorned mosques, madrasas, mausoleums, and later on in Shia Imambaras. The art was gradually extended to other secular texts. Nawab Ghaziuddin Haider is the man behind mass production of the Tugras through the modern printing press.Munshi Shamsuddin, Tughra &amp; Wasli: Walls in a traditional Muslim household in the city are incomplete without Wasli - a unique wall hanging usually containing Tughra or calligraphic logos or designs depicting the names of the Almighty, the Prophet or the Imams revered by the Muslims or ayats from the Quran or couplets in praise of prophet or his caliphs in the Nastaliq style. Experts said that Nastaliq was the style of writing used by Iranian calligraphers. Artisans in the Mughal Darbar brought the form to Lucknow. It was popularised by Munshi Shamsuddin, an exponent in Islamic calligraphy, who studied and developed the art as a science, in the early 19th century. All the three elements of Islamic calligraphy are considered to be part of every respectable household in Lucknow. The 'culture' has been captured in many films showcasing the Nawabi culture of Awadh. Oscar winner Satyajit Ray's Shatranj Ke Khiladi is an example.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16816893", "title": "Four persons held for drunken brawl", "text": "HUBLI: Four persons, who were fighting on the road under the influence of alcohol were held in Keshwapur police station limits on Saturday night in Hubli.Speaking to TOI, Keshwapur police inspector Prabhugouda Patil said that the arrested persons are identified as Prasanna Shetty, Basavaraj Bellary, Kishor Pujari and Riyaz Jahagirdar. Riyaz was having a drink in a bar in the city and asked the waiters to supply more peanuts. Waiters Prasanna, Basavaraj, and Kishor refused to provide the same. The petty issue was blown out of proportion and all the four persons came out of the bar and began fighting on the road. A case has been booked against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16819657", "title": "Practicing hygiene is as important as performing puja: Jairam Ramesh", "text": "INDORE: Union minister for drinking water and sanitation Jairam Ramesh has said that practicing hygiene is as important as performing 'puja' and praying to god. He was speaking at Nirmal Bharat Yatra programme at Devguraria in Indore.Union minister said real result of freedom can not be cherished as long as country has shameful practice like open defecation. \"Around 626 million Indian are practicing open defecation. It is 60 per cent of total open defecation in the world,\" said Ramesh adding that nearly 1000 children are dying everyday from preventable diarrhea in the country mainly because of open defecation.According to WHO report released in February 2011, 626 million Indian defecate in open, making India the country the most people living without toilets in the world. This leads to severe problems spanning health, economics, human rights and environment. Report further said that lack of adequate sanitation is huge problem in the country and India loses approximately USD $ 53.8 billion that is equal to 6.4 per cent of Indian GDP due to increased health cost, productivity losses and reduce tourism revenue due to inadequate sanitation and poor hygiene.He said that ministry of sanitation has started 'Nirmal Bharat Yatra' programme to make country free from open defecation in next ten years. At present around 67 per cent of gram panchayats of the country are practicing open defecation. Around 2.5 lakh gram panchayats will be made free from open defecation soon and Sikkim has become first state in the country to become open defecation free state. Kerela and Himachal Pradesh will be nest state to join the league.He stressed that practicing hygiene is utmost important for the people and people should make it a habit like praying to god. Quoting Mahatma Gandhi, union minister said that Gandhi had started a movement for free and clean India. Country got independence six decades back but it has still not become clean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16814277", "title": "Akash youngest to win chess Nationals", "text": "KOLKATA: Untitled G Akash, who celebrated his 16th birthday on October 1, the opening day of the Tata National Premier Chess Championship, emerged as the champion with a draw against GM Deep Sengupta in the final round on Sunday.He garnered 9 points out of a possible 13, and at 16 years and 14 days became the youngest-ever champion in the tournament's history. Both Viswanathan Anand and Dibyendu Barua too had won the Nationals when they were 16, but were older than Akash by a few months. The youngster's effort earned him Rs 1 75 lakh in prize money and a berth in the World Cup. Akash also picked up a GM norm as well as the IM title.There was a 3-way tie for the second spot with IM Vidit Gujrathi, GM S Arun Prasad and GM Deep Sengupta all finishing on 8.5 points. But Vidit finished second for having a better 'buchholzs' score. Arun Prasad was placed third while Deep had to be content with the 4th position.\"When I came here, I was only thinking of getting an IM norm, but now I have to set new goals,\" said Akash after the final round. \"I want to dedicate this title to my parents and my coach, Grandmaster RB Ramesh, who has worked hard on my game,\" he added. A Class XI student of computer science at Jawahar Higher Secondary School in Chennai, he gets time to play chess for only two hours daily.Top Finishers:1. G Akash, 2. IM Vidit Gujrathi, 3 GM Arun Prasad, 4. GM Deep Sengupta, 5. GM MR Venkatesh, 6. GM GN Gopal, 7. GM B Adhiban, 8. GM MR Lalith Babu, 9. IM Swayams Mishra, 10 GM D Chakravarthy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "16817561", "title": "Delhi University\u2019s examination reform", "text": "DELHI: Delhi University's (DU) newly introduced examination reform, amidst much confrontation from the academic community, will be applicable from the November-December semester examination . In a change from the earlier system, where students had to write their roll numbers and course details on a separate sheet attached to the answer script for the purpose of maintaining confidentiality, now the details of the students will be displayed on the answerscripts itself.In the recent years, many instances of mistakes in the question paper have been observed leading to confusion and waste of time of students writing the exam. Until now, teachers from various departments used to write the questions on a paper and send it to the examination branch. In order to tackle this, the university has now made a rule that each department will have to type the question paper , which will then go to the exam branch.According to Dinesh Singh, DU vice-chancellor , the idea behind the reform is to make the system even more transparent and to do away with the long delays in declaration of results.Though teachers across campus have been protesting the move claiming that the new system will only lead to bias, Singh says, \"Even before the reforms were introduced, there was no secrecy, for 80% of the students comprising BA (programme), BSc programmes and the School of Open Learning (SOL), as they used to mention their details on the answer-scripts . There can be no bias, as all three examiners cannot hold prejudice against the same student.\"Taking a positive stance on the reforms, Pradumn Kumar, principal, Hindu College, says, \"I think the new system should work, however, implementation is a crucial part. The reforms are welcome provided they result in early declaration of results . This is because the final year students are left in a fix as they have to appear for various competitive exams, or many have to appear for placement interviews. If implemented properly, the reforms are likely to benefit the student community at large.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16817336", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation main building may get Rs 2-cr fire safety revamp", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) will spend Rs 2 crore to improve the fire fighting capacity at its main administrative building.The civic administration tabled a proposal before the civic general body (GB) on Friday seeking approval for laying a new ring main pipeline which will cost Rs 1.3 crore. It has also asked the GB's permission to divert Rs 70 lakh for purchasing fire brigade vehicles.Gopal Chinchawade, executive engineer, electrical department, justified the need for spending Rs 2 crore on improving fire safety. \"After the Mantralaya fire, the civic body decided to take steps to improve fire safety at its main buildings. The original fire fighting system was installed some 15 years back. There is a need to upgrade it as per the present needs,\" he said.\"The civic body had laid a 1.5 km underground pipeline around the main building to provide water in case of a fire. This pipeline is made of cast iron and is rusted. We cannot find leakages as the water percolates into the ground from holes. Moreover, water needs to be supplied at a high pressure for fire fighting purpose. The cast iron pipeline cannot withstand such pressure,\" Chinchwade said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16817136", "title": "\u2018Belly dance enhances beauty\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Belly dance has evolved as the new craze among dance lovers in city. Around 65 ladies in city are participating in a week-long workshop to learn the basics of this Egyptian folk art at a dance studio in Sarabha Nagar.Citing it a perfect workshop for today's health-conscious women, Jeena Saharan of Sarabha Nagar said, \"I look forward to learning belly dance from Mehar Malik as she doesn't normally take workshops for beginners. We are lucky to get this opportunity to learn from her. I am looking forward to learn the graceful hip-drops and shimmies of the dance form.\"Here to enjoy the sheer joy of dancing, Navita Ralhan, a homemaker of Sarabha Nagar, chips in to add, \"Belly dancing employs muscles that are seldom used otherwise in everyday activities, toning and strengthening them in the process - and enhancing the beauty of a woman.\" \"It's a great workshop. The repetitive movements of this dance form increases flexibility by pushing you beyond your comfort level, thus helping you keep fit,\" said Neha Batra of Kitchlu Nagar.Meanwhile, Shruti Dhall of Dugri said the dance form added to the somatic grace and brings out the feminine side in you. \"It also gives one poise and grace,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16816817", "title": "Bursts of showers ruin Sunday evening plans", "text": "BANGALORE: Sudden bursts of light-to-heavy drizzle in several areas of the city late on Sunday afternoon ruined evening plans of Bangaloreans. The weatherman has warned that the sporadic rain is likely to continue for some more days.The rain was heavy in the afternoon in parts of the city like Indiranagar, Bommanahalli and Electronic City. It intensified later in the evening in areas like Peenya, Hebbal, Banaswadi , and RT Nagar.Meteorological authorities said the city received 18.3 mm rainfall till 8.30pm.The rain caused no major disruption with BBMP control rooms receiving no complaints of rain-related havoc till 7pm.\"I was stranded at a bus stop near Silk Board on Hosur Road for about 30 minutes because of the downpour. A lot of two-wheelers were seen taking refuge under the Silk Board flyover. For sometime even the buses stopped plying due to the heavy rain,\" said Deepak Agarwal, a resident of BTM Layout.\"I was planning to visit Brigade Road on Sunday evening but the rain marred it all. I could venture out of my house only after 5.30pm when the rain stopped for a while,\" said Nirmal Ghosh, a resident of Koramangala.The heavy thundershowers are due to the influence of upper air cyclonic circulation, near the Lakshadweep islands, said B Puttanna , director, Indian Meteorological Department , Bangalore. \"Due to this, there is heavy rain in southern Karnataka, including Bangalore , Mysore and Chamarajnagar,\" he said.Puttanna said the rain will continue till the upper air cyclonic circulation subdues.\"Usually two or three cyclones are generated because of North-east Monsoon. Starting from October 8, this period lasts till the end of December,\" said MB Raje Gowda, professor of agro-meteorology , University of Agricultural Sciences, Bangalore. And this is when light-tomoderate drizzle occurs in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16814980", "title": "Parliamentary panel to visit rape victims", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the spurt in crime against women in Haryana, a 20-member parliamentary committee will visit the victims of sexual abuse in Jind and Kaithal districts of Haryana on Wednesday. Officials said the team will prepare a report on crimes reported against women and minor girls in the state over the past one month after interacting with victims and their relatives.Around 21 cases of sexual abuse of girls and women have been reported in the state over the past one month.The visit by a parliamentary committee comes within a week of UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi's meeting with the family of 16-year-old girl who committed suicide after being gangraped at her village in Jind district.Officials said the chief secretary, the home secretary and commissioners and inspector generals of the ranges concerned will accompany the team members.In a related development, the Haryana unit of BJP has decided to dispatch senior women leaders to visit and interact with the sexual abuse victims and their kin across Haryana. State BJP president Krishan Pal Gujjar said the teams will collect case details to prepare a detailed report on crime against women in Haryana.\"We have already constituted teams who will start visiting the families from Monday,'' Gujjar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16817415", "title": "Traffic on new flyover to be one-way", "text": "CHENNAI: Rangarajapuram flyover, which is to be inaugurated on Monday by chief minister J Jayalalithaa, will be one of the few in the city to have traffic flowing in opposing directions during different parts of the day. With land acquisition being a hurdle, the flyover was built very narrow and is incapable of handling two-way traffic.To beat this, the corporation has suggested that the traffic flow on the flyover be directed differently through the day. \"We have suggested to the traffic police that from morning to noon, the vehicular flow be from Kodambakkam and Rangarajapuram towards commercial areas like Valluvarkottam and Mount Road. These neighbourhoods are thickly populated and home to a large number of two-wheelers ,\" said corporation commissioner, D Karthikeyan. While people will be travelling from work to home in the morning, the traffic flow will be reversed in the evening. Only a few roads in the city follow this pattern and people may initially have problems coping with the changes.\"Enforcement will be an issue, but I am sure people will get used to it,\" said Karthikeyan . Residents say that there is no other choice. \"That's the only way it can be done. The approach roads are also narrow on both ends,\" said M V Sridhar, a resident of Saligramam who takes the route every day to work.The flyover starts on Bazullah Road and splits. The two arms lead to the Railway Border Road and one lands near the Kodambakkam railway station and the other near Chakrapani Street.\"Near the railway station , one has to take a 90 degree turn. This will slow the traffic and the flyover will not be able to support twoway traffic,\" said Sridhar. Traffic police officials said the idea seems workable. \"We will run this for a week before finalising it. We need to understand how the traffic flows and then take a call,\" said additional commissioner of police (traffic) Sanjay Arora. \"Residents will also be consulted before arriving at a decision,\" said another traffic police officer.As of now, traffic on the one arm of the flyover is from Bazullah Road towards Kodambakkam. But this hasn't had any real dent on easing traffic conditions in the area. \"Even during the evening, traffic on Kodambakkam bridge and Duraisamy subway has not decreased. The new arrangement will hopefully do that,\" said R Lingesh, a resident of Kodambakkam.The 962-metre Y-shaped flyover was built at a cost of 24 crore. The construction started in 2008 and the first arm was completed in September 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16817577", "title": "Kids to get lessons in handwashing", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The health department will hold several awareness camps at institutions and aganwari centres on the occasion of the Global Handwashing Day on Monday.At educational institutions and aganwari centres in the city, health officials will apprise people about the importance of handwashing habit. Similarly, children will be taught about effective hygiene education lessons.Senior medical officer, community health, Dr SAM Meesum said: \"We are going to apprise people about the benefits of hand-washing with soap after using toilets and before eating and targeting children and women to promote the activity of hand-washing with soap.\" He added that people will also be told about the importance of water and sanitation Hygiene (WASH) and advantages of hand-washing in daily routine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16815777", "title": "Govt schools to remain open: DM", "text": "PATNA: In view of the 'Bihar bandh' called by five left parties on October 15 and supported by the RJD and LJP, Patna district administration has made arrangements to maintain law and order on the day.Patna DM Sanjay Kumar said, \"Government schools and colleges will remain open. The security personnel will ensure that the willing students reach their respective destinations safely.\"ADM, law and order, Ramesh Kumar said, \"To thwart any untoward incident, one additional ADM will be deployed at every subdivision while one senior magistrate will be deputed at every block. All the additional officers were sent to their respective areas on Sunday.\"Political rallies are expected at major intersections of the state capital. The ADM said that public transport like buses, autos and rickshaws would remain unaffected.Patna SSP Amrit Raj said, \"Additional forces and one magistrate will be deployed at all the crossings. Video recording will be done so that no one can escape after violating the law. Additional buses will be deployed for carrying detained people to the Patliputra Sports Complex, Kankarbagh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16816834", "title": "Smooth drive at Madhya Marg tail-end", "text": "CHANDIGARH: From July 2013, you will be able to enjoy a jam-free ride at the tail end of Madhya Marg, near PGI. The UT engineering wing has decided to construct a new bridge adjoining the existing one. Every day, around 30,000 commuters take the stretch that branches out to Punjab and other parts of the city.The new bridge will have three lanes \u2014 one each for traffic, heavy vehicles and pedestrians. It will be 75m long and 14m wide. The Rs 10-crore project will come up along the existing bridge, at a distance of 5 metre, enabling commuters to use the old stretch as the new one comes up.With all formalities completed, the work will begin next month.UT engineering wing chief engineer S K Chadha said, \"Residents for long had been demanding the bridge. It was found during our survey too that the bridge was required as the stretch witnessed heavy traffic congestion. The survey showed that 25,000 to 30,000 commuters crossed the bridge daily. As it links to Punjab, it usually remains busy. The work will be completed by July next year.\" An engineering wing official said the old bridge too was repaired recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16817185", "title": "Film festival to create awareness about disability", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A two-day 'We Care Film Festival' kicked off at Bhanja Kala Mandap here on Sunday. The festival organised by Aaina, a city-based voluntary organization, showcases nearly 20 inspirational documentary films highlighting the grit and determination of persons with disability (PWD) and other rights-based issues. Besides, at least 16 short films are being featured in the competition section.Inaugurating the festival, filmmaker Gautam Ghose said, \"We have to help break barriers for people with disability and create awareness among the general public to be positive and compassionate towards them. Children must learn these values from childhood.\"Noted writer and former vice-chancellor of Ravenshaw University Debdas Chhotray said, \"Disability is not only a medical problem but it is more a problem of attitude. It is not all about constructing ramps in buildings but changing the mindset is very important. Though a large number of mainstream films are made on disability like 'Barfi', 'My name is Khan', etc., but they are keeping away from the real issue.\"The festival got an encouraging response with a large number of students from different schools and colleges present on the inaugural day to watch films.Apart from short films of one to five minute duration, amateur films on digital camera or mobile phones are also being showcased. The event also features discussions and deliberations on various disability related issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16815276", "title": "'Thakurmar Jhuli' now in English", "text": "KOLKATA: In order to preserve the ethos of storytelling and folklore in Bengal, classic tales from 'Thakurmar Jhuli' (Grandmother's Bag) have been translated into English by Sukhendu Ray.The book - Tales from Thakurmar Jhuli - has a collection of 12 stories.Published by Oxford University Press , the compilation opens a new window to grandmother's storytelling with the book trying to revive the fast-disappearing heritage of fairy tales that were once an oral legacy of every child in India.\"With a translation we want the folktales to reach children outside of Bengal. It will be appealing to young adults from all parts of the country,\" said Ray after the book launch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16816344", "title": "Varanasi witnesses brisk sale of coconuts and chunris", "text": "VARANASI: In view of the forthcoming festivity of Navratra, city witnessed brisk sale of coconuts and chunris at prominent markets of the city.According to the retailers and wholesalers of coconuts, during the festival of Navratra, the supply of coconuts in the surrounding districts of East UP is made from the local market. Vivek Seth, a wholesaler at Nariyal Bazar area said, \"although the sale has decreased to around 50 percent as compared to what it used to be some 15 years ago, we still sell over 5,000 coconuts each season per day only from Nariyal Bazar market. Apart from that, several makeshift stalls also sprouted in prominent market places like Visheshwarganj, Maidagin, Chowk, Chetganj, Godowlia, Orderly Bazar areas.At the same time, chunris worth Rs 50 per dozen to Rs 1,500 per dozen are available in the wholesale markets like Visheshwarganj and Chowk. According to Saurabh Singh, a salesman at a shop at Visheshwarganj area, \"apart from the traditional red chunri framed with golden laces, rural women engaged in its production and designing are coming up with different pattern including bandhani, embroidery and beads-decorated chunris.\"\"It is a seasonal requirement, which is why not many people are engaged in its production. Rural women, who perform the embroidery and decorational work on lehengas and other ethnic wears in the district, are some of its major producers. From the wholesale market of the city, chunris are supplied to Jaunpur, Ghazipur, Azamgarh, Mughalsarai and several other districts,\" informed Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16815153", "title": "Five FM channels firm on airing Mahalaya, upgrade can wait", "text": "KOLKATA: Radio addicts are having a tough time ever since their favourite late-night programmes have gone off air, courtesy some maintenance and upgrade work.Five FM channels - who have their antennas at the Doordarshan Kendra Complex - are not airing any shows between midnight and 5am since September 30 due to the ongoing digitization process.But the good news is that the FM channels have decided to make an exception for Mahalaya. Listeners can thus gear up for the Mahishasuramardini at 5 in the morning.A senior official said that transmission had been closed down in between midnight and 5am due to maintenance at the DD tower site. On October 7 and October 14, however, there was no transmission between midnight and noon. \"The DD antenna is on the 175m tall DD tower, while below it are the antennas of five FM Radio channels. The shut down is mandatory for safety reasons,\" said an official.Initially, the FM channels had objected against the shut down of their programmes, but later the budged. \"Earlier, we had thought that the maintenance job would be over by October 10, but as the digitization process is yet to be completed, the broadcast will be affected till October 19,\" the official said. Deadline for the digitization process is October 31, but if the maintenance continues, there can be further delay in resuming normal operations, an engineer said.Vivek Modi, station head of Radio Mirchi said that they will begin the Monday's programme at 4am. Jimmy Tangree, station head of Red FM, said that he had to reorganize some of the late-night shows as by midnight all shows have to be ended. Gautam Bose of Amar FM and Power FM said, \"We had to accept this temporary shut down for maintenance work, but we hope to air our shows according to our schedule by Sasthi.\"However, late-night listener Ranajay Chaki said, \"Those of us who are in the habit of hearing the late-night shows or phoning in during the programmes are now waiting for resumption of the late-night FM shows.\"Earlier, we had thought that the maintenance job would be over by October 10, but as the digitization process is yet to be completed, the broadcast will be affected till October 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16816475", "title": "Nashik chemists offer emergency service during 3-day strike", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik District Chemists &amp; Druggists Association has announced six emergency mobile numbers to ensure emergency services for patients during the three-day station-wide strike call given from October 16 to 19, association presiden Gorakh Chaudhari said.Claiming to have been fighting for the cause of the fraternity to ensure a better atmosphere for trade as well as offering better service to the patients, chemists and druggists have said that all they want is a fair treatment and rational implementation of laws governing their business.\"Though we have asked all medical stores attached to government and private hospitals or in independent retail to remain closed during the three-day bandh period, we have decided to provide emergency service through six numbers by means of which medicines can be arranged if there is an emergency.\"We were and will always stand for the benefit of better implementation of the law - where required - and at the same time we also feel that the stringent conditions of the law should be relaxed depending on the situation,\" Chaudhari said.The president was critical of the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) move to make compulsory to only accept the prescriptions of MBBS degree holders and not the BHMS and BAMS degree holders.\"The health care in our country runs on the practice of these doctors and not those with an MBBS degree only. In some talukas you will not find MBBS doctors even as BAMS and BHMS qualified individuals are taking on challenges of keeping the health under check in these areas,\" Chaudhari said. He addedthat not accepting the prescription would amount to playing with the health of not only an individual but society in general.The association claimed that it was forced to go on strike alleging corruption and highhandednes of the officials which they see as unwarranted. They also cited issues relating to ambiguity in the acceptance of prescriptions of MBBS degree holders. The association has since long being demanding that the administration prepare a list of those medicines which are generally most required by citizens and which can be sold 'Over The Counter' (OTC) and will thus avoid any friction between the chemists and druggists and the administration. But this the association says has still not happened.Chaudhari claimed that the things have only worsened for the past year or so since Mahesh Zagde took over charge of the department. \"Since Zagde became the commissioner, the cases against the chemists and druggists have increased and so has our harassment as well. Our repeated meetings with the administration have failed to yield any result,\" Chaudhari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16816266", "title": "Uttar Pradesh government sop may reduce LPG bill", "text": "LUCKNOW: Following in the footsteps of Congress-led states, the Akhilesh Yadav government might provide reprieve to domestic petroleum gas (LPG) consumers in the Uttar Pradesh sharing the burden of their subsidy deficit. Though the government is yet to decide on the extent and manner of sharing the burden, possibilities are that the government may bear the subsidy on three more subsidised LPG cylinders after a household has used six allowed by the central government per connection.\"We are coming to the rescue of the common man, particularly the middle-class which has felt the pinch most. We are yet to work on how to go about it. But we are making serious efforts towards it and plan to come out with a formal announcement soon,\" said chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, recently.Sources in the department of food and civil supplies confirmed that the exercise was underway to workout specifics based on three particular modes.One of the modes is based on providing LPG distributors with the subsidy, the second is on a tie-up with the central ministry providing the LPG and the third is based on re-imbursement of subsidy directly to the consumer.Uttar Pradesh government's decision follows an appeal from the central government to its state counterparts to reduce or withdraw local taxes on LPG in their respective states in order to lighten the burden that the LPG consumers would come under once the six subsidy LPG cylinders per year per connection comes into effect.Congress-ruled states in the country have already announced an increase on the cap of six cylinders that the Centre will provide to the consumer per year. In each of these states, the chief ministers have already announced that the state will bear the subsidy on three more cylinders per connection per year so that the common man is able to get a total of nine cylinders at subsidised rates per year.According to minister for civil supplies Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiyya, the state government has not levied any local taxes on LPG cylinders for domestic use. In fact, apart from VAT on LPG for industrial use, no substantial local taxes on LPG exist. Subsidy on non-subsidised LPG cylinder was the only option with the UP government in case it wants to provide some relief to the end consumers.While the restricted supply of subsidised cooking gas to six cylinders per household in a year is going to hit the common people badly, there is no limit to the use of gas cylinders when it comes to the high and mighty in the state or Babus heading the government departments. As per the LPG Transparency Portal, there is an average 12 to 20 gas connections registered with gas companies in the name of heads of the government departments.As per the portal, the Lucknow police use almost 1,800 gas cylinders every month as a total of 6,800 cylinders were issued to Lucknow police in last four months. All these connections are listed with the single gas agency situated in the state capital. Similarly, the post of director, Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences at Lucknow has a dozen LPG connections listed against its name.With as many as 3,138 refills being availed on these connections in the last four months, the usage comes to around one LPG cylinder per day at PGI.The Lucknow Model Jail too had ordered more than 1,000 cylinders against the two connections it has in its name pushing the usage to 33 cylinders per day. An average cylinder can cook food for about 500 people and the jail presently caters to 14,500 inmates daily.The chief minister officer is shown to have consumed 34 LPG cylinders during past four months bringing the usage per month to eight cylinders. Camp office of the Chief Secretary of the state used 77 cylinders in four months. Uttar Pradesh Governor too has got as many as 24 cylinders issued against his name while secretary to the Governor got 30 cylinders issued in past four months. Similarly, as many as 368 cylinders were issued in past four months to one address: Vidhayak Niwas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16815074", "title": "Congress' janata darbar deferred indefinitely", "text": "YAVATMAL: The local unit of the Congress party has postponed its Janata Darbar scheduled on October 15 indefinitely without assigning any reasons. However, speculations are rife that the decision has been taken to avoid any face-off with the public following agitation by activists of India Against Corruption (IAC) at New Delhi demanding ouster of law minister Salman Khurshid.The janata darbar was being viewed as Congress party's attempt to outdo similar exercise conducted by the then deputy chief minister and Nationalist Congress Party leader Ajit Pawar at Yavatmal in September.Yavatmal District Congress Committee secretary Anil Gaikwad informed the media persons on telephone regarding the postponement of the janata darbar. No decision was taken on the representations received from the public, annoying those who had gathered to attend the camp.Ministers Harshavardhan Patil, Shivajirao Moghe, Nitin Raut, MPCC president Manikrao Thakre and Congress MLAs of the district were supposed to remain present at the darbar. People were urged to register their grievances on or before October 14 and attend the camp. The notice was signed by vice president Ashok Bobade.Ajit Pawar's has declared that he would be conducting the janata darbar on every Friday or Saturday in each district to hear public grievances. MLC Sandeep Bajoria had said that he would be conducting similar janata darbar on every Tuesday at his Yavatmal office along with the ZP president Pravin Deshmukh and district unit president Suresh Lonkar.Yavatmal is the home district of MPCC President Manikrao Thakre who was concerned about the impending change of guard in the party's state unit in the near future. Manikrao Thakre has learnt to have articulated his hesitation to lead the party in the forthcoming general and State elections in 2014.But he is keen to be inducted in the State cabinet despite the Party High Command wants him to play a key role in Delhi at the Party Headquarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "etawah", "code": "16816464", "title": "26 persons injured in accident", "text": "ETAWAH: At least 26 persons including five students and three children received serious injuries when the private bus in which they travelling rolled down at Baidpura area in Etawah district. The incident took place when the driver of the said bus lost control of the vehicle.\"The accident occurred near Saifai on Etawah-Mainpuri road on Saturday, when the bus tried to overtake a vehicle,\" said Dharmveer, an eye witness.Another resident of the area said that the bus was over-speeding, when the accident took place.According to reports, the mini bus bearing registration number UP 84C-9799 was on its way from Mainpuri to Etawah.Police have shifted the injured persons to Saifai for medical treatment, and said that investigations are going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16815678", "title": "Arms smugglers' gang busted, 3 held", "text": "JAIPUR: The Kota police on Sunday busted an inter-state gang of arms smugglers and seized a huge cache of arms from the possession of three men. The men were going to Kota from Madhya Pradesh in a bus. When they were checked, three packets containing 58 guns and about 175 cartridges were found in their possession. The trio has been booked under the Arms Act and is being questioned.The incident has once again brought to fore the fact that arms are being smuggled into Rajasthan from Madhya Pradesh. Recently, the special operations group (SOG) had arrested some MP-based men and recovered a huge cache of sophisticated arms from their possession.According to IG, Kota, Amrit Kalash, in an inter-state police meeting a fortnight ago, senior police officers in Madhya Pradesh were informed that arms were being smuggled from their state.\"We had deputed special teams which were on the lookout for these gangs. We got a tip-off that three men including Hemant and Sharavan Kumar possessing a huge haul of arms were on their way to Kota in a bus. The bus was intercepted by a police team in the Borkheda police station area on Sunday and the three men were taken into custody,\" said the officer.The police recovered three packets from them. \"The packets contained 42 sophisticated pistols, two revolvers and 14 country-made guns. We also recovered 172 bullets of various kinds. They were going to deliver the consignment,\" said the officer.He added that in some areas of Madhya Pradesh illegal arms manufacturing units are operational. \"Due to their inaccessible locations, it becomes difficult for police to bust these units. It has led to a spurt in cases of arms smuggling to the neighbouring states,\" said the officer.The officer said that it is being investigated where these arms were being delivered and where they were manufactured.\"We will produce the three men in a court on Monday and seek their police remand,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16814248", "title": "Karun &amp; JRM Racing finish fifth", "text": "CHENNAI: In the seventh round of the FIA World Endurance Championship on Sunday, Karun Chandhok and his team JRM Racing finished second in the privateers' class and fifth overall.Karun, who drove the Honda-powered HPD ARX 03a, had a bit of problem having a minor contact with the second-placed Audi and also had to do an extra pit-stop to change the rear end of the damaged car. Despite that he managed to stay in fifth place and even set the team's fastest lap. JRM Racing now go into the eighth and final race of the year that will take place in China in two weeks' time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16816815", "title": "Pig-free zones to keep strays away", "text": "HUBLI: In the face of growing public anger over stray pig menace in twin cities, the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) is planning to create pig-free zones in each ward.Initially, each ward in all the 12 zones of the corporation will be selected for the 'pig-free-zone' programme. Corporation workers and pig owners will shift all the pigs from the specified ward away from city. Zone-wise assistant commissioner and staff will keep an eye on pigs in the area, and if pigs come from other wards to the pig-free zone, they will be driven away.The HDMC has already marked ward number 31, 24 and 43 as pig-free areas and work has begun in other zones too. To support the scheme, the HDMC is also making these wards garbage-free by introducing door-to-door collection of garbage. The corporation is sending tractors to each ward for collection garbage from each household. With this, dumping of garbage by the roadside will be discouraged and eventually pig population will come down. The results of the corporation's drive are already visible. Speaking to TOI, Kalabai Bure, a resident of ward no.43, said, \"We have not seen pigs in our area since a week now. Also the area is garbage-free as garbage is collected from door-to-door.COMMISSIONERSPEAK\"We have given direction to all zonal-level assistant commissioners to declare pig-free wards. Eventually, Hubli-Dharwad will become pig-free cities in the coming days. Areas surrounding hospitals, temples, schools, colleges, KC Circle and the Idga Maidan will be given first preference,\" said Y S Patil, commissioner, HDMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16816225", "title": "Foreign firms to debut next year", "text": "LUCKNOW: The National Book Fair is likely to have the foreign element from next year. And if the organisers are to be believed, many foreign publishers could make debut at the 2013 book fair. Confirming the same, Manoj Chandel, an organiser said, \"Positive response from readers and book lovers has encouraged us to get in touch with foreign publishers. We have already approached some American and European publishers. Next year, the fair will be a bigger affair.\"Not only this, there are talks of getting publishers from Sri Lanka and Pakistan. Also, there will be a souvenir released next year. \"Since we have completed 10 years in Lucknow, we will collect all we have done in these years and release a souvenir,\" said Chandel.Sunday's closing ceremony was attended by mayor Dinesh Sharma who said, \"These kinds of events help in establishing an identity of the city and people. More of such literary events should be organised.\" The book fair is organised by Knowledge Tree Foundation in collaboration with the Federation of Booksellers and Publishers Association.As expected by the organisers, the 10th edition of book fair drew sales of nearly Rs 3.10 crore. In the last book fair, the total revenue generated by 165 stalls was Rs 2.45 crore. In the 8th fair, it was 1.90 crore with 145 stalls.The 7th and 6th book fair witnessed sales of Rs 1.60 crore and Rs 1.25 crore respectively. The 5th fair sold books worth Rs 1.10 crore having as many as 130 stalls.Meanwhile, the first book fair had only 45 publishers and earning was Rs 52 lakh, which was followed by 60 publishers in the second edition of the fair in 2004 with revenue touching Rs 60 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814338", "title": "Eyeing LS elections, DMK asks govt for office land in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA's southern ally Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) has renewed its request for allotment of land for its central party office in the Capital. With less than two years left for general elections, the party wants to secure two adjacent plots - one for the party and the other for its trade union wing, Labour Progressive Front (LDF).DMK's parliamentary party leader T R Baalu wrote to urban development minister Kamal Nath two weeks ago to expedite the process of land allotment. \"We have been requesting this for the past one-and-a-half years. I wrote recently requesting the UD ministry to give two adjacent plots that would help the party and LDF function better with greater coordination,\" Baalu told TOI.Baalu's residence currently functions as the DMK office. Sources said almost all political parties prefer a plot on Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Marg and DMK is no exception.The party's reminder to UD ministry comes at a time some UPA allies are speaking about mid-term polls and political pundits have been claiming that DMK might not be able to reverse the last assembly election trend. In case the DMK's tally falls below 11 in Parliament - it has 26 members in both Houses now -- it will have to wait for another five years to improve its score to be eligible to apply for land.In 2006, the UD ministry had formulated a policy for land allotment to political parties in institutional areas. The two criteria are - they should be recognized as a national party by the Election Commission and they should have at least 11 MPs in both Houses. If a party has 11 MPs, then it is eligible to get 500 sq metres.Recently, Trinamool Congress got a 1,080 sq metre plot on DDU Marg after almost 18 months of persuasion, just days before it severed ties with the UPA. Before that, the UD ministry decided to allot a 500 sq metre plot to Forward Bloc (FB). Though FB has only three members, it got the space considering its historical background and being one of the oldest parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16816818", "title": "Wait till Diwali to shop at Metro", "text": "BANGALORE: By Diwali, a ride on the Metro could help you get chores done on the way, like visiting your launderette , getting a hairdo, sipping that stimulating cuppa of coffee and getting some food packed.The Retail in Transit plans taken up by the Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC) on its Reach 1 route from Byappanahalli to MG Road is likely to be operational by Diwali. Hair salons, cafeterias and laundry service outlets were to come up at five of the six stations on the route by Dasara, but BMRC's keenness not to let its retail plans compromise on hygiene and affect commuter movement resulted in the Dasara launch being put off.\"Imagining that all these retail outlets would have more than one passenger waiting in a queue to avail of their service can be a hindrance to other passengers moving ahead to the concourse levels of the stations. We have, therefore, asked them to give presentations to convince us that their operations won't cause any obstruction to movement into and out of paid areas of the stations,\" UA Vasant Rao, general manager (finance), BMRC, pointed out.No retail outlets will come up at Swami Vivekananda station on Old Madras Road. Prospective bidders have gone through stringent technical checks before the financial aspects are taken up in the tendering process.BMRC has in its pocket some top names of pharmaceutical retail chains, salons, miscellaneous repairs, express laundry services and hotels or eateries to set up outlets. Rao said there will be at least three or four shops in each Metro station.BMRC is looking at the option of allowing florists and takeaway food joints outside the paid areas, while restricting access to other services to only Metro passengers.\"We will not allow monopoly through the Retail in Transit project. However, it all depends on the bidding of a particular service for all stations,\" Rao clarified.Shopping planBMRC has in its pocket some top names of pharmaceutical retail chains, salons, miscellaneous repairs, express laundry services and hotels or eateries to set up outlets. There will be at least three or four shops in each Metro station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "16815867", "title": "Durga Puja spirit sweeps Kishanganj", "text": "PURNIA: The 'kaas' flowers are in bloom again and the religious fervour pervades the atmosphere heralding Sharadiya Navaratra beginning on Tuesday. The crimson red morning sun and send glad tidings in the devout and the buoyant children and add new lustre to the spirit of Durga Puja.The artisans and idol makers as well as the pandal makers are going full blast in casting the idols in different moulds and erecting huge pandals in different styles and hues. The pandal at Manoranjan Club in Kishanganj, which is celebrating Durga Puja for the last 63 years, will be 50 feet in height and 40 feet wide. For a change, this time the idol of the demon, Mahishasur will accompany all the gods and goddesses, said Manoranjan Club secretary Subhash Prasad. The idea was borrowed from a pandal in Kolkata last year, he added.At Purnia Station Club, artisans are working day and night to give final touches to the idols. The club premises, where Durga Puja is held, was turned into pucca structure with marbles plastered on the ground for the convenience of devotees and worshippers, says puja committee member Satyen Sharat. \"But, we take special care to give the pandal a new aura,\" he adds.In Katihar, Baniyatoli Puja Committee has outsourced artisans from Andhra Pradesh. They are using glass pieces to create the 'mandap', and puja committee plans to spend a whopping Rs 8 lakh this year, says committee chief Pradip Das. At Sahebpara in the town, 40x40 feet pandal is now coming up, said committee president Dipak Kumar. Some musical soirees are also on the anvil, say the organizers in Purnia and Katihar.A cut-throat competition is raging among pandal makers for decorating the pandals. They are going all out in making pandals as replicas of famous temples across the country including Belur Math and Akshardham temples, said Subroto Kumar, an electric shop owner in Katihar. The pandal hoppers will have altogether different pleasure in watching the psychedelic light arrangement, said electrician Lala in Kishanganj.Though religious fervor is quite palpable here, this is hardly reflected in the buying spree of the young and old alike. \"The buying spree is still low key,\" said cloth merchant Chhagan Lal Jalan as he sits cross-legged on his 'gaddi' in Kishanganj. \"The prices of readymade garments and designer clothes have shot through the roof and are not affordable for the middle class families,\" rues a housewife, Shyamshree Sharat in Purnia.Times and tastes might have changed, but the puja committee still adheres to the age old pattern at Thirani's place in the heart of Kishanganj bazaar. \"We have been celebrates Durga Puja for the last 111 years. We have not deviated from the old convention and system,\" says Birendra Dubey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16817342", "title": "Now, get info on schools at the click of a mouse", "text": "PUNE: Profiles of all secondary schools in the state will now be available at the click of a mouse. A project to this effect has been undertaken by the state Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan, a campaign launched by the Union government to provide quality education.Information like location of a school, number of teachers, annual performance and facilities such as computer and science labs, playground, number of students, fees, special features and sanitation is being made available on the website.Information of not just state board schools, but also schools affiliated to ICSE, CBSE and IB, will be uploaded by November. The aim of the project is to provide a ready-reckoner to all stakeholders, including parents and students, who need such information at the time of admissions.Project head and consultant, RMSA, A Z Khatib, said, \"At present, such data is not available at one place, either online or in the record books of education department. The project aims to collect all the information parents need to know about a school while taking admission for their child. Besides, it is important to have such information at state level so that we know what is lacking and what improvements need to be done as far as government schools are concerned.\"According to Khatib, data on 20,000 secondary schools in the state has been collected and the process of compiling the same was underway. Close to 34.39 lakh students in the state are taking secondary education, of which 18.56 lakh are boys and 15.83 lakh girls.The data entry work is on at the Pune district education office. It took RMSA about three years to collect the data from schools and every school principal was asked to fill a form giving details of the school. The forms were then collected by the district education officer and submitted to the RMSA.Khatib said, \"The information thus collected will be like a report card of the school which will reveal details like the number of classrooms, sanitary arrangements, drinking water arrangements, library profile, books available, etc.\"The RMSA scheme was launched by the Union government in March 2009, with an objective to enhance access to secondary education and improve its quality. Implementation of the scheme in the state began in 2009-10. The objectives of the scheme include improving quality of education imparted at secondary level by making all secondary schools conform to prescribed norms, removing gender, socio-economic and disability barriers, and providing universal access to secondary level education by 2017, i.e., by the end of 12th five year plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16817159", "title": "BRS Nagar roads potential \u2018death traps\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Potholes, craters and puddles are all that remain of the roads in BRS Nagar.Residents rue that the roads have increasingly become non-motorable with commuters finding it difficult to maneuver through the potholes. The monsoon showers have only worsened the condition. Bhupinder Singh Makkar, a businessman of I Block, said, \"The condition of roads in BRS Nagar presents a pathetic picture. It is impossible to ride through the Durga Mata Mandir road as it is marred by potholes and large craters, which seem to be silently waiting on this road to invite accidents.\"The ever increasing traffic of heavy vehicles on BRS Nagar throws up problems constantly, added Kamal Jyoti, an advocate who lives in C Block. He said, \"The roads in our area are really bad and need urgent re carpeting. It takes triple the time to cover distances on this pothole-riddled road.\"Talking about the apathy of the civic authorities, Kamal added, \"Civic authorities dig up the roads and don't repair these afterwards. Recently they dug the road for laying sewerage system and since then they have not repaired it despite repeated requests.\"Ranjodh Singh, a businessman and resident of BRS Block I, also complained about the tardy maintenance. \"Contractors of the civic body are marred by poor planning, lack of expertise and corruption, I feel. Now that monsoon is over, MC should immediately repair these roads as promised,\" he said.Calling the roads death traps, Sukhwinder Singh, an architect of BRS Nagar, said, \"It is not possible to ply vehicles at night as the entire road has turned into debris. Upper layers of the roads are completely washed away with showers. I hope that recently elected mayor, realizes his responsibility and does something to improve the condition of roads in our area.\"Municipal commissioner R K Verma said, \"Though the roads were not completely washed away during monsoon, potholes do appear. We are already carrying out repair of roads in the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16815057", "title": "Dengue, malaria cases on rise in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: The numbers of dengue and malaria cases have drastically gone up in the city in the last one month. So far, 147 cases of dengue and 602 cases of malaria have been reported from across the city.Moreover, amidst the claims of private hospitals of four dengue deaths last month, district health department officials claimed that first dengue death was confirmed only on last Friday (October 12). A health official informed that victim was a resident of Sector 40. Given the rising trend, it is expected that dengue cases will surpass the last year's total with in a week's time. Last year, a total of 156 dengue cases and three deaths were reported from the city.As far as the malaria is concerned, it has already broken the record of last five years. The total number of malaria cases was 530 in 2011, which was the highest till then. Civil surgeon Praveen Garg said, \"We have reviewed the situation on Sunday. Many dengue cases reported by private hospitals ultimately turned out be negative when second blood tests were done in our lab.\"Garg informed that anti-larval activities are being conducted in the city with the help of the MCG as well as Maruti workers. The health department double checks all cases of malaria, dengue and swine flu by conducting blood tests in its lab. For this, private hospitals are required to provide blood samples along with report to the health department.A source informed that even though the civil hospital does not have the facility of providing blood platelets to patients, they procure it from private hospitals. \"However, many patients prefer to shift to private hospitals in case dengue is detected,\" he added.The Sushant Lok-I RWA has appealed to the civil surgeon and MCG commissioner to arrange for immediate fumigation/insecticide spray in the colony. Anil Sharma, general secretary of the RWA, said, \"The cases of residents in Sushant Lok-I down with dengue and malaria are on the increase. Almost every lane has at least one resident suffering from one or the other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16816609", "title": "Tribal elders oppose any military operation in North Waziristan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistani tribesmen on Sunday said they would oppose any military operation in North Waziristan tribal region amidst growing speculation about a possible offensive following the Taliban attack on teenage rights activist Malala Yousufzai.A tribal elder who attended a jirga or council held in Miranshah, the main town in North Waziristan Agency, said tribal elders had opposed any possible military operation. He said on phone that the elders had warned that people would migrate to Afghanistan if Pakistan troops launched an offensive.The Taliban have attracted strong condemnation in Pakistan and abroad after they claimed responsibility for last week's attack on 14-year-old Malala. People have backed calls for an operation in North Waziristan, the stronghold of the militants.Interior minister Rehman Malik recently hinted at the possibility of a military operation in the region. A provincial minister of northwestern Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province too called for decisive action in North Waziristan to eliminate militants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814192", "title": "Artist Mamata gifts Israeli envoy painting", "text": "NEW DELHI: If art is a diplomatic tool, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee has proved to be a master. Didi's works of art have attracted buyers and aficionados, but rarely have they been used to build bonds with the outside world.That is changing. One of Mamata's paintings now occupies pride of place in the spanking new Israeli embassy in New Delhi. The untitled painting, an exuberant expression of colour, was gifted to Israeli ambassador Alon Ushpiz by the chief minister. A visibly pleased Ushpiz lost little time in displaying it in the most prominent place in his new embassy building.Israel and West Bengal are working on extensive projects to boost agriculture in the state. On a recent visit to Kolkata, Ushpiz said Israel was keen to cooperate in several areas -- seeds and dairy to horticulture, egg, semi-arid agriculture as well as food processing.For all Mamata's firebrand image, the West Bengal chief minister is no diplomatic novice. Her opposition to FDI in retail notwithstanding, sources said Mamata enjoys excellent relations with US ambassador to India Nancy Powell.Though it helps that Powell has a long association with Bengal, having served as consul general there, the two women have apparently hit it off. Mamata understands that she has a better chance of working with the US than the previous Left Front government, and is determined to make the most of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16815342", "title": "Rs 1.92L theft at Changodar temple", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A group of thieves raided a temple near Changodar on Sarkhej-Sanand highway and decamped with ornaments and valuables worth Rs 1.92 lakh from the spot on Saturday night.Complainant Prahladgiri Goswami, a resident of Vasna village near Sanand, who serves as a priest at Chachar Madi temple, detected the theft on Sunday at 7.30 am when he went to offer prayers.\"The burglars had broken the donation boxes, had stolen the silver umbrellas on the idols and crowns along with other ornaments donated by the devotees and silver coins. We suspect that the thieves had broken into the temple early on Sunday morning,\" said an investigating official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16817087", "title": "Cops seek cadre rule implementation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha Police Service (OPS) Association on Sunday urged the government to expedite the finalization of OPS cadre rule to help recruitment in the newly-created DIG and SSP posts of the state cadre.The association comprises members of DSP, ASP and SP rank state cadre police officers.Addressing media persons here, the association expressed apprehension over filling-up of the new posts in view of the delay in finalization of the OPS cadre rule. The rule is yet to get final shape because the public accounts committee (PAC) is unhappy about the state home department's recommendations on age limits for promotion in SSP and DIG posts.The state cabinet last month approved the long-pending proposal of OPS cadre restructuring and created new posts in various ranks of OPS cadre. The newly created posts are - DIG - four, SSP - eight, SP- 17, ASP- 76 and DSP- 66.\"We thank the government for restructuring the OPS cadre. Unless the cadre rule is formed, the newly made SSP and DIG posts cannot be filled up,\" association president Pradip Kumar Ray told media persons.\"In this context, we demand to fill up those posts through departmental promotion committee (DPC),\" Ray said. At present, DPC procedure is followed only to promote inspectors into DSP rank; DSP into ASP and ASP into SP rank depending on their eligibility.\"The DPC for promotion of DSP and ASP should be held by the end of December for our promotional prospects,\" said another association functionary. The association reiterated its demand of a land in Bhubaneswar for its office and enhancement of kit maintenance allowance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16819809", "title": "Rukhsar doesn't believe in dieting", "text": "In the glam industry, where every one keeps the count of their calories and maintains a strict diet, actor Rukhsar seems to be an exception. Rukhsar who is juggling between television and films, is in perfect shape and looks stunning as always.While essaying the role of Dr Mallika in Rajan Shahi's Kuch toh Log Kahenge , the actor is also shooting for the film Shooter where she plays Suneil Shetty's wife. Her clear and clean skin and long hair gains everyone's attention and people keep asking for beauty tips.But the actor reveals that, she has never indulged herself in dieting. \"I don't believe in dieting and always eat whatever I feel like. I think, what you eat is essential but one should also give emphasis on what is eating you,\" says she. The best part about her is, she neither smokes nor drinks. Though she has a sweet tooth and her all time favourite sweets are motichoor ke ladoo , brownie and baklawa , a Turkish dessert. Apart from dessert, she also loves binging on non-vegetarian food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16815214", "title": "Auto driver held for assault", "text": "KOLKATA: The auto driver who was accused of assaulting 65-year-old businessman Asit Shantra and his son in Sodepur was arrested from Khardah late on Saturday, within 24 hours of the incident. The accused, Debashis Saha, has been charged with non-bailable sections, including attempt to murder.He was produced before the Barrackpore subdivisional court on Sunday afternoon and remanded in judicial custody for seven days.\"We arrested the auto driver on Saturday night. He was booked under sections 307 (attempt to murder), 506 (criminal intimidation), 325 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt), 341 (wrongful restraint) of the IPC. He was produced before the Barrackpore court on Sunday,\" said Amit Mukherjee, officer-in-charge of Ghola police station.State transport minister Madan Mitra had on Saturday directed the police to take stern action against the accused. He visited the Shantra's residence at Purbasha on Sunday afternoon and spoke to the family members. He also assured them of all kinds of legal assistance from the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16817464", "title": "New taste buds", "text": "The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has introduced new vocational courses in food production and food &amp; beverage services under the hospitality and tourism sector. Vishakha Sharma reportsKeeping in view the acute shortage of trained professionals and the emphasis of the government of India on development of employability skills, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has introduced two vocational packages under hospitality and tourism sector \u2014 food production and food &amp; beverage services.According to Vineet Joshi, chairman, CBSE, India offers diverse opportunities for hospitality &amp; tourism. Over five million foreign tourists come to India every year. The annual demand for trained manpower in hotels and restaurants is approximately 2.03 lakh per year. Therefore, huge expansions are envisaged in the fast food / cafe segment as well as hotels.The new course consists of two vocational subjects, each in classes XI and XII. Besides these two vocational subjects, students can take one language and two academic elective subjects relevant to the field. Students also have the option to take up any two academic elective subjects besides two vocational subjects . They can also opt for a sixth additional subject, which can either be a language or an academic elective subject.Students who complete the two vocational streams and wish to pursue a career in hospitality , would be able to find ready employment in this sector.\"It has been observed that some of the schools are still offering the following vocational packages (old) under H &amp; T sector \u2014 food service &amp; management and hotel management and catering technology. These schools are given the option to take up the revised and recently introduced vocational packages instead of the old vocational packages to enable students' better suitability for the job market under the current scenario,\" informs Joshi. The board has also advised that no fresh admissions in the old vocational packages will be made from the coming academic session (2013-2014 ). However, students who have enrolled for the old vocational package in the academic session 2012-13 may appear for the final examination for class XII in 2014 under the same old package.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16815685", "title": "\u2018Baby girl was throttled to death before being dumped\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Autopsy reports of a baby girl, who was found dumped on the railway tracks at Bhayander last week, have revealed that she was throttled to death. The Government Railway Police (GRP) recovered CCTV footage, which shows the accused's arm extending from a running train and flinging the newborn. However, the accused's face can't be seen in the visuals.\"We have lodged a case of murder against the accused as autopsy reports revealed the baby was killed before she was flung onto the tracks. Additionally, charges under IPC's Section 318 (concealment of birth by secretly disposing of a dead body) have also been applied,\" said senior inspector Praful Kshirsagar of Vasai GRP. Forensic experts have preserved the infant's viscera.The two-day-old baby was found wrapped in a cloth near railway pole number 44/3 on Thursday. The police have begun checking hospitals and maternity homes in the vicinity for records on female newborns. \" Cops have been instructed to look out for families where hospital records confirm the birth of a girl, but she is absent from her mother's custody,\" Kshirsagar said.The police had been tipped off about the baby's body by an anonymous caller on Thursday. The caller had told the GRP that someone had flung the newborn from a Churchgate-bound train after it had crossed Bhayander station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16817482", "title": "'New generation is more focused on influx problem'", "text": "One of the leading figures of the anti-foreigner movement, Aasu adviser Samujjal Bh attacharya shares his thoughts about the relevance of the students' stir which rocked Assam over three decades ago in a freewheeling chat with Gaurav Das .Q: Tell us about your rise in student politics...A: I was in Class X when I heard that a student body was working for the cause of the indigenous people of Assam. After my matriculation exam, the Assam Movement started. It was then that I joined the movement. In 1983, I became the acting general secretary of Aasu when the state was protesting the regime of rigged elections and senior leaders of the organization were being arrested. That was a very turbulent phase. After the Assam Accord was signed, I became a central committee member and in 1989, the general secretary. Then the AGP came to power, thereafter the Congress and then again the AGP. I was the general secretary for three consecutive terms from 1989 to 1999.Q: As an experienced student leader, what changes have you witnessed over the years - socially, politically, economically and geographically?A: It has been 27 years since the Assam Accord was signed. The present generation has learnt about the Assam Movement from their parents. The seniors had a bitter experience and do not want their children to go through the same. I will encourage youngsters to think innovatively. The new generation is more focused on the problem of influx.Q: There has been a lot of speculation about a change in the top leadership...A: Aasu is a democratic body, and all changes will be decided by the organization. You have seen only a few faces, but there are many working devotedly behind the scene for Aasu. If a change happens, it will be decided democratically.Q: Why doesn't Aasu contest elections?A: Throughout the region, student bodies are apolitical. There are two ways of serving the people. First, by entering the political arena and working for the people directly. Second, by effecting change from outside. The two should work in tandem like the two lines of a railway track.Q: How relevant is the role of Aasu now?A: Students are our guiding force. We have no high command; the people of Assam are our high command. To safeguard the rights of the indigenous people we need to have an apolitical organization like Aasu.Q: There is a common perception among people that Samujjal is Aasu and Aasu is Samujjal...A: The perceptioon is not correct at all. Aasu is a collective students' body. And I am a soldier of Aasu. I will continue to work outside the political arena.Q: Has Aasu taken advantage of the recent violence in BTAD?A: The violence was a result of the non-implementation of the Assam Accord. It was a spontaneous protest. We need a time-bound action plan that would include the immediate updating of NRC; rehabilitation of the victims; sealing of borders and protection of land and constitutional rights. Should we live under Bangladeshis as second class citizens or fight for our rights? We need a strategy to fight and we can do it through people who love this land.Q: Will the next generation of Aasu leaders be able to keep up the tempo?A: I am confident the new generation of leaders will be better than us.Q: Do you think there is a sense of loss of identity among the new generation?A: Youngsters had read about it and now they are experiencing it. After the Assam Movement, there was an attempt to suppress Assamese sentiments. The best way to do so was to change the school curriculum by removing geography and history from the syllabus. Aasu is trying to bridge this gap. Youngsters should not move away from their roots.Q: How does Aasu operate without being affiliated to any regional or national party?A: People help us; their support is all we need. Ours is a mass organization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16814773", "title": "Another Outer Ring Road stretch set to be opened next month", "text": "HYDERABAD: Another stretch of the Outer Ring Road (ORR) between Patancheru and Shamirpet with a diversion at Kandlakoya will be opened for traffic next month.The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) is planning to complete diversion works like laying of service road and putting up signages by October-end. \"After completing the safety measures and checks, it will be opened for general traffic in November,\" HMDA commissioner Neerabh Kumar Prasad told TOI on Sunday. The temporary diversion of the ORR was planned by the authority as about 55 acres of land at Kandlakoya junction near Shamirpet got entangled in legal disputes after farmers approached court against land acquisition for the ring road and the settlement of the dispute might take some more months. Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy has okayed the proposal of the temporary arrangement.The diversion is being made on an existing two-lane road near Kandlakoya that connects NH-7, which would again connect the ORR beyond Kandlakoya village. With the temporary arrangement, the distance would increase by 3 km. However, it would be a great relief to commuters on the Kukatpally-Balanagar road, especially those coming from Patancheru.The Patancheru-Shamirpet stretch was supposed to be opened a couple of months ago, but laying of a service road was delayed as the panchayat took nearly two months to give approval for the road through its land.Of the 158-km ORR, about 87 kms\u2014Gachibowli-Shamshabad, Pedda Amberpet-Shamshabad and Narsingi-Patancheru (Phase I and Phase II-A)\u2014have been opened for traffic in a phased manner since 2008. Also, toll collection on the completed stretches started last month. Another stretch Patancheru-Pedda Amberpet, part of phase-II-B, has been divided into six segments. Three packages under Patancheru-Shamirpet stretch were being taken up with financial assistance from the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16814359", "title": "Assam writer plugs \u2018desi Harry Potter\u2019 at book fair", "text": "GUWAHATI: The world of wizadry and black magic came alive with Harry Potter and his companions at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in J K Rowling's Harry Potter series. The author's imagination created a world where flying wizards, ghouls and magicians are real. But Rinku'r Rajsabha-Part I is not all imagination.Author Sushil Rajkhowa's book, which also trails the dark alleys of the magic world, talks of a place that is known among the locals as the land of magic. The book tells tales about the residents of Mayong, a small town in Assam's Morigaon district famous for its association with magic, practice of tantra and voodoo.What makes Rajkhowa's book different from Harry Potter is that readers can connect it to reality. One of the characters in the book, launched last year, has been inspired by bez, or village witch doctors.\"The book was released last year, and I have sold around 100 copies in the fair. Rowling used her imagination for Harry Potter but I have used Mayong, which is an actual place and used its magical history to write my book. There is so much to learn about that the place and I read some books about magic to know about it,\" said the author.Meanwhile, on the last day of the fair, Assam's Education Minister Himanta Sarma gave out awards to writers in five different categories. Rajen Saikia received the Assam Publication Award for historical research; Baapchandra Mahanta posthumously received the award for research into Vaisnavite literature; and Dinesh Chandra Goswami was conferred with the award for his contribution to the awakening of scientific literature.Upen Raabha Hakacam was awarded for his work on ethnic research and Kumar Kishore was awarded posthumously for his work on creative literature. Each award was accompanied with a cash prize of Rs 1 lakh, a citation and a trophy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16816779", "title": "At 17, this boy is passionate about renewing and reusing", "text": "BANGALORE: \"I've seen the city change greatly in the past few years,\" says Pranav Raghav Sood. \"It used to be lot greener , with better weather and lots of rain,\" he adds, with the conviction that something needs to be done immediately.No, it isn't an old Bangalorean , with roots dating back to the days of the Raj, lashing out against the modernization of the once-sleepy cantonment town.At 17, the Class 12 student of NPS, Indiranagar, is one of the most improbable candidates reminiscing about the city's glories lost to the perils of development. But the science student, with an acute interest in sustainable development , has come up with researching the idea of reusing waste vegetable oil to produce biodiesel - which can then be used as a 20% additive to diesel. Annually, this could reduce over 3 million kg of carbon dioxide emissions in Bangalore , and save more than Rs 33 million.His research has also drawn interest from the eco division of a Bangalore-based IT major, which plans to add this to its offerings for energy management in many sectors in India.\"It all started with a research project on air pollution sometime ago. I was keen to find a solution as the problem affected me on a daily basis,\" says Pranav, who has spent the past 13 years of his life in Bangalore . \"I could see the increase in air pollution and depletion of greenery in the city, as I travelled from Outer Ring Road to Indiranagar for school,\" he added.Alternative for fossil fuelsThe extensive review of air pollution caused by vehicular emission led Pranav to be the youngest invitee at a prestigious global conference in 2011, where he presented his findings - the issue of air pollution in urban India and suggestions to reduce it.He didn't stop at that, though. His research on renewable energy focuses on the issue of depleting fossil fuels and the tremendous pollution caused by their burning. He focused on the use of bioethanol as an eco-friendly energy source and its comparison with gasoline.\"We are too dependent on fossil fuels, with reserves depleting every day. Fossil fuels also cause a lot of pollution. My idea was to come up with research which could point towards the alternative for fossil fuels,\" says Pranav. This led to an invitation to present his paper at a major environmental conference at Malaysia , in August 2012.\"I reviewed over 600 restaurants in the city and found that 44,000 litres of waste vegetable cooking oil can be converted into biodiesel each week. This was specific research for generators used in telecom towers. Adding 20% biodiesel to diesel to run these generators could save companies Rs 3.3 crore annually ,\" he said. \"In India, it's compulsory to use 5% biodiesel but some countries in the West are using as much as 50% biodiesel and in some cases, even 100%,\" he says.Eco-club champPranav, who lives in a gated community on Outer Ring Road, is also the leader of his school environmental club and started a waste paper management project, encouraged by his principal. He segregated used and unused pages from note books and sent used pages for recycling and donated the unused ones to the less privileged. It was extended to other schools and residential complexes. \"In the first month itself, we collected over 1.2 tonnes of used paper, and gave it to ITC for recycling . During a paper collection drive in our community, we collected over 2 tonnes of paper for recycling,\" he says.Pranav wants to pursue mechanical engineering in college, which will give him the expertise to design projects in the renewable sector.He had spent 150 hours typing out the Ramayana in MS format which could easily be converted into Braille for the benefit of the blind. But now, with CBSE examinations coming up in a few months, research has taken a back seat.I'm following my passionI've always tried to balance the various aspects of my life - studies, research, recreation, etc. But since I'm so passionate about the environment and sustainable development, and would want to pursue a career in this field, I don't mind losing out on socializing or the other activities people of my age are into.- Pranav Raghav | Eco-warrior", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16815983", "title": "Palani deluged 800 years ago, claims inscription", "text": "MADURAI: A stone inscription discovered near Palani has revealed that the town was destroyed in a great flood 800 years ago and that it was restored and revived by a woman who was related to the king of this region.V Narayanamoorthy, an amateur archaeologist, said he had discovered the stone pillar with the Tamil inscription about three months back, but when he was nearing the bund of the large tank in the heart of Palani town, the water level had gone up and was not been able to decipher the writing beyond a few lines. But, visiting the spot a few days ago along with some helpers, he was able to read the inscription which says the big tank, called Vaiyapurikulam and mentioned even in Sangam literature, was completely submerged in a great flood in the region 800 years ago and that the entire town of Palani was destroyed by that disaster.The interesting piece of information obtained from the inscription is that it was a lady named Koothan Adhisayacholi, the wife of Rajaraja Kumarabalan who was related to the king who ruled the region then, who took efforts to restore the town and also de-silt the tank and bring it back to its original form. This tank is described to have been shaped like a 'turtle' with the region near the southern sluice on which the stone pillar containing this information is mounted, considered to be the inlet point and the opposite side, the outlet point. The sluices on the western side represent the hands of the turtle and the eastern parts the legs.This giant tank, spread over 2.5 sq km, was once spread across half of the now Palani town. The two bus stands, new and old, are encroachments on this large tank. The parts that represented the legs which lay near the Saravanapoigai tank were severed during the expansion of Palani town.The writing on the stone pillar further says anybody responsible for the destruction of the great tank will die without an heir and that everybody should protect it.Another attraction in this stone pillar is that it has been constructed using 800 bricks of the size of 23x15x5 cm and one brick has been kept in the government museum for display. Narayanamoorthy added that the stone inscription, however, does not talk about the loss of life during this disaster. This tank is fed by nearly 20 rivers and streams flowing down the Western ghats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814818", "title": "16 years on, court tells DJB, MCD to pay man Rs 2.88L in damages", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lamenting the 16-year-long legal battle of a man for payment of goods supplied by him, a Delhi court directed two civic bodies to cough up his dues and imposed cost on officials for red-tapism. Additional district judge Ajay Goel directed the Delhi Jal Board and the Municipal Corporation of Delhi to pay Rs 2.88 lakh due to Abhay Jain, sole arbitrator of Jainco Industries, for bamboos and manhole covers supplied by him to MCD in 1996. The court said, \"This is an unfortunate litigation ...where the person who had entered into a contract with the government authority and had fulfilled his obligation is still fighting with the government for the amount due to him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "16817260", "title": "Instructor suspended for sending cheque to governor", "text": "HASSAN: B V Jayanth, an instructor at L V Polytechnic College in Hassan, has been suspended for sending a cheque to governor H R Bhardwaj along with a complaint letter.Jayanth, who has been working at the industrial training college for past 27 years, claims he had written 65 letters to the governor and three letters to the Lokayukta since June 2009 complaining against the corruption in the department of technical education.Only one letter was enquired by the Lokayukta and others did not evoke any response. \"This time, I was tired of it and sent a cheque with my complaint letter so that the governor will act against the corruption in the department, but I have been suspended instead,\" Jayanth told TOI.Jayanth added that he was transferred from to Bidar in June 2009, which is about 900km from Chikmagalur. \"After I complained about it, I was transferred to Hassan on February 23, 2012. But my transfer back came through a court order and there was no official confirmation,\" he said.The instructor complains that his transfer was a violation of norms and therefore he wrote about it to the governor. \"I challenged the transfer order in court and to move further I have not much money. Finally, I wrote a letter to the governor as a final attempt with a cheque for Rs 1 lakh,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "16816547", "title": "Visnagar BJP MLA tagged outsider, faces opposition", "text": "PALANPUR: Former BJP MLA from Visnagar Prahlad Gosa on Sunday virtually raised banner of revolt against the sitting MLA Rishikesh Patel, who is also the district BJP president.Gosa along with his 22,000 supporters from 65 villages in the constituency, have unanimously resolved to pitch for a candidate who is a native of Visnagar taluka.Patel belongs to Koda village in Siddhpur taluka of Patan district.\"Last time, we sincerely followed the party diktat. But this time we don't want any outsider to contest from Visnagar ,\" said Gosa, who had won this seat in 2002 by a margin of 67,000 votes.When asked if he would leave the party if his demand was turned down, Gosa said, \"Our protest is against an outsider and not against the party. We will continue to act like true soldiers of the party .\"When contacted, Patel said, \"I have been living in Visnagar since 32 years. How can I be called an outsider?\"\"I don't want indulge in petty things. We have left the decision of ticket allocation to chief minister Narendra Modi. Everyone has the right to voice his concern in democracy ,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16816165", "title": "Markets flooded with Navratra and Durga Puja samagri", "text": "KANPUR: Preparations for Navratra are visible on street and roadside markets with just a day to go for the festival. Colourful clothes for the goddess and puja material are being sold. Puja samagri comprising 'jau', pulses, sesame seeds and perfume is available in packets.The latest trend is the specially prepared 'thali' for puja comprising all the required articles like camphor, vermillion, coconut, barley seeds, lotus flowers etc.The stalls are offering a wide range of colorful 'chunari', 'lehenga' and other accessories for the goddess. The chunari and lehenga are available in various sizes. The specially designed clothes are available from Rs 100 to 500. Lehengas can also be prepared on demand at various shops in Ashok Nagar, Shastri Nagar and other localities.\"This year everything will be ready-made. Puja thali and Kanya bhoj can be arranged on demand,\" a shopkeeper on Birhana Road said.\"Kalash Sthapna takes place early in the morning. The office-goers are finding it difficult to make preparations. Hence, readymade thalis and puja samagri help them a lot,\" a vendor in Kidwai Nagar said.Navratra is celebrated twice a year in March-April and September-October. It is dedicated to Goddess Durga. Devotees keep fast and have vegetarian diet. Jagrans, religious hymns, prayers, meditations and recitation of sacred texts take place.The festival celebrated in September-October is also known as Badi Navratra.\"The beginning of spring and the beginning of autumn are two important junctions of climatic and solar influence. These two periods are considered as sacred to worship Goddess Durga. The dates of the festival are determined according to the lunar calendar,\" said Atul Mishra, a priest.On these ten days, various forms of Durga are worshipped with devotion. The festival culminates on Mahanavami. On this day, Kanya Puja is performed. As per rituals, nine young girls representing the nine forms of Goddess Durga are worshiped. Their feet are washed as a mark of respect and they are offered new clothes as gift.Festive rush packs trains beyond capacityKANPUR: Even before the festival season sets in completely, Kanpur Central railway station has started witnessing huge passenger rush. Trains on all the major routes, including long-distance ones, are running packed to capacity. Passengers are, therefore, unable to find reservation in trains heading towards Delhi. Railway officials informed there is no reservation available in long distance trains till October 30.A railway staff on duty at reservation office said, \"Since Dusshera is falling on October 24, a large human workforce in Delhi is expected to come back to city to enjoy the festivities with family. This will further increase rush on trains already flooded with passengers.\" He added that reservations are not easily available in trains nowadays. The worst hit is the Shramshakti Express which originates from the Kanpur Central railway station and ends at New Delhi and there is no reservation available for one week.VIP trains on various routes like Rajdhani and Shatabdi Express are also faring similarly. Other trains bound towards New Delhi like Rewa express, Prayag Raj express, Lichavi express are full. Mahabodhi express, Howrah-Jodhpur express, Udyog Nagri, Udyog Karmi, Seemanchal express are also full.A senior railway official said, \"The passenger rush is increasing ever year and this growth is much more than the number of new trains introduced. It is thus becoming difficult to handle such a huge passenger rush especially during the festival time.\"Long, serpentine queues of passengers can be witnessed at the reservation counter on the city side of the railway station. After sweating out in the queue passengers are able to get only waitlisted tickets. This forces them to travel in the general class of the trains which is not an easy task.There is huge passenger influx on all platforms of Kanpur Central railway station be it platform number one or six. Some 250 passenger trains pass through Kanpur Central railway station and over a lakh passengers board these trains every day, making the railway station one of the busiest across the country.Though passengers are feeling the pressure, the tight situation has turned favourable for touts who are more active now than on usual days. Touts are making their presence felt at the ticket booking offices where they openly bargain at the rates of the tickets with the passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16817196", "title": "Medical practitioners flout norms to accept gifts from pharma companies", "text": "CHENNAI: If it were supposed to be a secret, the perpetrators of one of the biggest rip-offs in life-saving services make little attempt to cover their tracks. Despite repeated warnings from the Medical Council of India to doctors not to accept favours from pharmaceutical companies, big drug manufacturers continue to offer freebies of various kinds to registered physicians. Many doctors accept handouts that include gifts, free flight tickets and five-star accommodation among other perks in return for prescribing brands of medicines made by the companies that foot the bill.Medical conferences are often hunting grounds of pharma companies. Booking and billing details obtained by TOI from a five star hotel reveal that pharma companies paid for the travel and stay of at least half of all the doctors who participated in a medical conference on nephrology in the city on September 29 and 30.Officials of at least four leading pharma companies admitted, on condition of anonymity, that the firms sponsored the expenses of doctors at such conferences, in violation of the MCI's guidelines. However, they said the companies stopped directly making arrangements after the MCI tightened its rules recently. \"We now pay for rooms and flight tickets through the committee organising the conference,\" a spokesman of a leading pharma company said. A senior consultant to the state public health department said specialists in lifestyle diseases are among the most flagrant violators of the rule, because these diseases require regular medication . \"That's why private companies do not fund medical conferences on diarrhea , but sponsor many meets on diabetes and hypertension,\" he said.The standard commission that a pharma company pays doctors is around 30% of the profit from a drug, the consultant said. The pharma-doctor nexus does not end with paying for flights and hotel bills. Drug manufacturers' customer relations officials try to ensure that doctors plug their brands with offers of foreign trips, expensive gadgets and luxury cars as gifts and even free petro-cards , a doctor said. He alleged that a senior doctor in the city got his child free admission in a leading music school, courtesy a pharma company.Former state health secretary R Poornalingam said all leading hospitals in the city should promote generic medicine. \"That will help curb the problem,\" he said.Health experts say competition among pharma companies and lack of regulation of price of medicines have led to corruption and unethical practices in the health sector MCI bars a medical practitioner from accepting gifts, monetary grants and paid vacations for self and family members to endorse a drug of a pharma company HEALTH EXPERTS' SUGGESTIONS Recognise access to medicines and health as a human rights issue Make disclosure of funding and conflict of interests in clinical trials, medical research and publications mandatory Spread awareness about drugs which are hazardous or banned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16818883", "title": "Now your eyes can be your password", "text": "NEW YORK: Taking cue from iris scans used in UID in India, researchers are developing a new biometric system that can identify people by the way they flicker their eyes while looking at a computer screen.Oleg Komogortsev, a computer scientist at Texas State University-San Marco, is making use of the fact that no two people look at the world in the same way. When looking at a picture, different people will move their eyes among points of interest in different sequences, researchers observed.Even if two people trace the same paths, the exact way they move their eyes differs, the 'LiveScience' reported. \"We are seeing there are enough differences so we can talk about this as a biometric,\" Komogortsev told TechNewsDaily.A biometric is a measurement of something on the body - fingerprints, for instance - used to identify people. Computer scientists all over the world are studying biometrics for crime solving, for border security, and just as a high-tech way to sign into smartphones, tablets and other devices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16816087", "title": "Zoo \u2018scam\u2019 probe on but min orders restart of work", "text": "LUCKNOW: The minister of state for zoological gardens SP Yadav had stopped the renovation work at Lucknow Zoo after an inspection in April. The minister had also ordered a probe into Rs 24 crore renovation work, sanctioned by the BSP government, citing anomalies. But in an inexplicable decision, Yadav has now ordered resumption of the zoo renovation project.The minister's U-turn has left officials fuming. Several questions also remain unanswered. Like, if the inquiry was set up because Rajkiya Nirman Nigam allegedly used sub-standard material, why the minister backtracked on his order and allowed resumption of work even when the report is awaited? Or, is there more to it than meets the eye?The probe is being conducted by the Lucknow Development Authority which got the funds from the government for the renovation work. The LDA had roped in Rajkiya Nirman Nigam for the work.Even the minister fails to explain why the agency, after almost six months of break, has been given a go-ahead to resume work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16816456", "title": "Sunil Narine is the toughest offie in T20 circuit: Nathan McCullum", "text": "MUMBAI: When the Twenty20 World Cup was first played in 2007, few had imagined the format would sow the seed of a players' revolution. Five years down the line, four editions of the blockbuster event have been lapped up by cricket aficionados and the format's increasing popularity has spawned domestic T20 tournaments in almost every cricket playing nation.T20 is the easiest way to earn mega bucks and international stars squabbling with their cricket boards to participate in the Indian Premier League (IPL) has proved that cricket's biggest revolution has managed to partly supplant the traditional five-day format for 20-over-a-side game.New Zealand's Nathan McCullum' who hasn't yet represented his country in Tests, has already played 36 ODIs, 39 T20Is and 99 T20 matches. The 32-year-old is the Black Caps' second most-qualified spinner in the national side after Daniel Vettori . Other than playing for his country and county cricket in Lancashire, McCullum plays for domestic side Otago Volts, has played for Pune Warriors in IPL and also plies his trade in the Big Bash with the Sydney Sixers.It's quite an effort to juggle between clubs and country and for a modern day cricketer the 'kick' now lies in multi-tasking than just playing for the country.\"Our lives are part of the T20 model these days. There are a lot of competitions throughout the world. To play for the country and a number of other teams is par for the course for a modern-day cricketer. I quite enjoy it to be honest. It gives you experience, exposure' and a chance to challenge yourself to prove your worth all the way. So, it's a fantastic opportunity to be here playing for the Sydney Sixers in the Champions League T20,\" Nathan McCullum told TOI on Friday.McCullum was a part of the New Zealand team that got knocked out in the Super Eights in the World T20 in Sri Lanka. They were also unlucky to lose two games in the Super Over, one each against Sri Lanka and West Indies.\"T20 is a difficult format. We probably should have won those two games. We got the opportunity to do so but, unfortunately, each time we were on the wrong side of the Super Overs,\" he said.Now in South Africa for the Champions League Twenty20 , McCullum wants to forget the World T20 failure and help the Sixers in their campaign.\"It's a challenge to play for club and country at different times throughout the year. But I love the hustle and bustle of T20 and the format suits my game. I probably like one-day and T20 more than three-day or five-day cricket,\" he said.As a spinner, he should shudder to think of bowling in the shortest format, but McCullum feels his ilk are more useful in subduing the scoring and dismissing the opposition.According to him, off-spinners are wicket-takers in T20 and West Indies' Sunil Narine is the most dangerous offie in the shortest format.\"Off-spinners are wicket-taking bowlers in T20. The likes of Graeme Swann , Saeed Ajmal , and (Sunil) Narine are right up there. But Narine, I feel, is probably the toughest guy around for his variety and skill,\" McCullum said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "16817229", "title": "Polls 'not publicised' in Sambalpur college", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Though Gangadhar Meher (GM) College here is going to the polls for the first time after a gap of 15 years, college authorities have not publicised the democratic process, triggering large-scale resentment among students. Some student leaders alleged that as the students were kept in the dark about the poll, only 10 students have filed their nominations. No nomination was filed for majority of posts, including that of president.\"We are thankful to the minister and department secretary for accepting our demand to hold students' union election. But the college authorities did not follow due procedure as a result of which many students remained in the dark. So we demand that the college authorities begin the procedure of the election once again by providing sufficient time to students,\" Saurav Mahaptra, convener of the Western Odisha Students' Joint Action Committee said on Sunday.Principal of the college G D Mishra refuted the allegation and said he has taken every step to hold the election in a democratic way. Mishra informed that out of the total 10 nominations he received, barring two nominations for posts of secretary and vice-president, all other nominations were rejected during scrutiny.Jay Kumar Bhoi has been declared vice-president and Swastik Pandey general secretary uncontested as they were the only ones in the fray, Mishra said. He said all the others posts will be filled through selection.Meanwhile, students have decided to demonstrate on Tuesday to put pressure on the college authorities to allow them to file their nomination papers once again for the college election.Campus election in the college was last held in 1997. That year the poll was suspended, however, following the murder of a student during election campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16819203", "title": "Govt's decision to drop sedition charges has not gone well with many in the state", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government s decision to drop sedition charges against Kanpur based cartoonist Aseem Trivedi has not gone well with few outfits in Maharashtra, at least it seems so. The Satyashodhak OBC Parishad has openly condemned the home department's decision to drop sedition charges against the controversial cartoonist.Government is trying to shield those indulged in defaming the nation, Hanumant Upre, president of the Parishad said in a release issued by his office. No sympathy should be shown who have no respect for the constitution, the release added.The state government on October 12, informed the Bombay High Court about its plan to drop sedition charges against Trivedi. Following advise from the Advocate General (AG) to drop the charges, the decision to withdraw sedition charges was taken by the home department.The cartoonist was arrested in September for dishonouring national symbols, emblem and parliament. The police slapped the cartoonist with the sedition charges. But large section of the society, especially youths and the India Against Corruption (IAC) activist protested the government s decision, home minister R R Patil ordered his officials to review the case and sought legal opinion on whether the sedition charges should be maintained or withdrawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16815389", "title": "Lourenco lashes out at CM's 'politics of vengeance'", "text": "PANAJI: Referring to the FIR registered against Congress spokesperson Jitendra Deshprabhu days after he lashed out at Parrikar for \"fooling people on the illegal mining issue\", Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco termed this a case of \"politics of vengeance\".The chief minister is using government machinery to \"silence people who are critical of his style of functioning and his governance\", Lourenco said.\"Filing cases against those who talk against the government is a step to silence the opposition,\" said Lourenco. Deshprahbu had also said that if the government plans to file an FIR against two former chief ministers in the wake of the Shah commission report on illegal mining, Parrikar should also be booked as illegal mining started during the BJP's last term (2000-05).Reacting to the appointment of Francis D'Souza as deputy chief minister of Goa, Lourenco sought to remind Parrikar about the time he overthrew the Congress through a back-door entry by supporting Francisco Sardinha as the chief minister, but brought down the government within 11 months.\"D'Souza is a good candidate and he deserves the post. He should not be ousted,\" said Lourenco.Moving on to the delay in allotting shacks for the current tourism season, Lourenco questioned the government over whether this is a tactic to benefit five-start hotels. \"I wonder if the five start hoteliers have assured the government of funding one of the many schemes launched by it,\" he said.Lourenco said that 90% of those involved in the shack business are from the minority community. \"Are they being targetted because of this?\" Lourenco sought to know.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16815210", "title": "Petrol pumps to run from 10am-6pm", "text": "AHMEDABAD: From Monday, fuel stations will work in a single shift in the city and across the state \u2014 from 10am to 6pm. The Confederation of Indian Petroleum Dealers (CIPD) has decided to go for the single-shift operation from Monday to press for their demand for more commission.The confederation has decided to keep petrol pumps open only for eight hours to press for their demand of a hike in commission, which they insist will offset their costs incurred for running a two-shift operation. There are 143 petrol pumps in Ahmedabad and around 2,000 across the state. The one-shift operation will not affect standalone CNG pumps. However, pumps that sell both CNG and petrol will follow the new timing.\"Till the time our demands as recommended by the Apoorva Chandra Committee are met the pumps will continue operating in single shifts,\" CIPD's national president Kiran Patel, who also heads the Federation of Gujarat Petrol and Diesel Dealers Association, told TOI on Sunday.Mayur Mehta, member of Gujarat Federation of Petrol Pump Owners, who owns the Associate Petrol Pump on CG Road, says, \"City petrol pumps will be on protest from Monday. We stand by our nation-wide demand for fair price by oil companies. Representations will be made with the oil companies and central government in this regard. CNG sale too will be affected.\"According to CIPD, they are not going for a strike but it is an attempt to reduce costs, including those on manpower. \"Since the past two years, there is a 20% hike in input costs, which include 20% hike in minimum wages and 35% hike in electricity charges,\" said Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16815393", "title": "Woman robbed for 2nd time in 3 years", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 35-year-old woman was assaulted and robbed at her residence in Paldi on Saturday. This was the second instance of robbery reported by the woman in the past three years.According to Ellisbridge police officials, Palak Shah, a resident of Sejal Palace, Paldi, was at her residence at 6.45 pm on Saturday. At the time, her in-laws and daughter were visiting a nearby temple. When she was sitting outside her residence, two men approached her and one of them hit her on the back of her head with a baseball bat after which she lost her consciousness.\"When she came to, she found her two gold bangles worth Rs 75,000 and her gold and diamond ring worth Rs 25,000 missing,\" said an Ellisbridge police official. \"She then raised an alarm and called her husband. We have filed a complaint and have started a search for the accused.\"In 2010, Shah and her daughter were at home when two men came asking for her husband Rikin Shah and identified themselves as insurance company representatives. The duo closed the door behind them after entering and locked Shah's daughter in the bathroom. They then decamped with gold jewellery and cash. The loss in that robbery amounted to Rs 68,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "16815884", "title": "Vigilance probe unnerves State Food Corporation officials, Primary Agriculture Credit Society chairman", "text": "SASARAM: The ongoing inquiry into the paddy procurement scam by the vigilance investigation bureau team, has been giving sleepless night to some Rohtas district administration and State Food Corporation (SFC) officials as well as chairperson of Primary Agriculture Credit Society (PACS). Serious irregularities have been detected in the procurement of paddy, the major part of which was shown to have been procured and transported to the depot concerned and rice mills only on paper. The vigilance bureau team is camping in the district for the last one week.During spot inquiry, the vigilance team did not find existence or any sign of running of rice mills to which quintals of paddy were delivered for custom milling. The local administration, in a face saving exercise, has lodged over two dozen FIRs against rice millers for non-delivery of rice against the paddy though the scheduled date for the same is yet to expire. The decision of the district administration to include the SFC district manager and district supply officer in the inquiry team has raised eyebrows as these officers are themselves in the dock. Vigilance bureau SP Rajendra Prasad refused to give details of the probe but admitted there had been irregularities in paddy procurement.In a startling revelation, some assistant godown managers of SFC informed the vigilance sleuths that they had been working on verbal orders of senior officials without any appointment letter or payment for the last four years. The vigilance team was shocked to know that in drought-affected areas which have got the benefit crop insurance scheme, bumper procurement was made by PACS and SFC. Not only this, the inquiry in Chenari and Sheosagar blocks revealed that both SFC and PACS had shown procurement of paddy on minimum support price from the same farmers.Smelling foul play in the lagaan receipts, the vigilance team asked the circle officers-cum-enforcing authority to cross-check the receipts from the register. The vigilance team found manipulation in lagaan receipts.In Bikramganj, the scam was detected in the SFC godown where about 20,000 quintals of rice have been rotting for the last three years, as FCI refused to accept the rice on the ground that the quality of the consignment was sub-standard. The main gates of many rice mills were found locked when the vigilance team reached there. Many rice millers complained to the vigilance team that paddy release orders were issued in their names but the SFC, in collusion with the transporters, sold the consignment in the open market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16816498", "title": "Infopark gets Rs 1.15 crore for day-care centre", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The department of information technology has given administrative sanction for setting up a day-care centre at Infopark in Kochi.The government in an order issued on Wednesday, sanctioned Rs 1.15 crore to the park for setting up the centre, the first of its kind in the state's IT parks.Infopark authorities suggested the setting up of a day-care centre after an online survey revealed that young working mothers were facing difficulties in finding good day-care facilities for their children.The absence of quality day-care centres near the park and the odd working hours of IT professionals were causing mental and physical trauma to mothers and their babies. Physical proximity of mothers with the toddlers is expected to lower several problems faced by young women. Announcing the plan for setting up the centre, Infopark chief executive officer Gigo Joseph had said that it would be a 3,600 sq ft unit with separate facilities for kids between one three years old and for children in other age groups.The IT department has asked the Infopark to ensure that the civil works are carried out in a transparent and time-bound manner.The Infopark is home to more than 80 companies. Around 17,000 IT professionals work in the park, which is at present in expansion mode by adding another 160 acres as part of its Phase II expansion plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mogalthuru", "code": "16814305", "title": "Three engg students drown", "text": "MOGALTHURU: Three engineering students were feared drowned in the sea waters in Mogalthuru mandal in West Godavari district on Sunday.The students along with their friends ventured into the Perupalem beach for a swim in the morning. However, they were swept deep inside the waters by a huge tidal wave. While others swam to safety, three students went missing. They were feared drowned. The victims hailed from Tadepalligudem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16817512", "title": "Muslims' paddy being destroyed in BTC: Rights body", "text": "GUWAHATI: The United Movement for People's Rights (UMPR), an umbrella body of non-Bodo organizations, alleged that there is a conspiracy in place to prevent Muslims affected in the violence from getting rehabilitated in the Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTAD).The UMPR also alleged that miscreants are destroying paddy belonging to Muslims in Kokrajhar district under the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC).\"Since the resettling of the riot-hit people in the BTC area has begun, anti-social elements who want to oust Muslims and other non-Bodo communities from Bodoland have launched a new strategy to hamper the process of resettlement of the people who have been taking shelter in the relief camps for the past several months,\" Hareswar Barman, convener of the UMPR, told mediapersons here.He said that during the past week, agricultural produce, especially paddy that is ready to be harvested, has been damaged on a large scale at Dotma, Bhowraguri, Hudumkhata and Charagaon areas in Kokrajhar district. He added that the situation in these areas has deteriorated again, raising an alarm among the non-Bodo communities. The UMPR alleged that the district administration of Kokrajhar is yet to respond to the pleas of locals in these areas where miscreants have fired several rounds of bullets in the past week to cast out the non-Bodos and the Muslims.\"Paddy crop on 16 bighas has been damaged by miscreants in Hudumkhata recently, but the police are yet to act against the culprits. A motorbike and a tractor belonging to a peasant have also been snatched by miscreants. The people of this village are in deep trouble,\" Barman added.Brajen Mahanta, coordinator of the UMPR, demanded that the government deploy adequate security personnel in these villages.He demanded that the NRC be updated before the 2014 Lok Sabha election so that the issue of illegal immigrants in the state cannot be used political parties to their advantage during the general election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16814512", "title": "Local bodies to exit Windows", "text": "KOCHI: The monopoly enjoyed by Microsoft will soon end as local bodies will now shift to a central web-based server.On Thursday, Information Kerala Mission (IKM) issued a circular to the secretaries of various civic bodies that they discard Windows. The plan is to store all office information at the state data centre in Thiruvananthapuram, thereby reducing maintenance cost and constant updation.\"IKM began in 1993 with a mission to computerize the end to end services of local bodies. Branded software are exclusive products that require licence and so to cut costs, we moved to free and open source ones that are available online. But this did not end our problems. Now, many services offered by local bodies have moved to web-based services, and LANs (local area networks ) will connect each office to the central server. So, they don't need Windows,\" said former director of IKM K Anwar Sadath. IKM will provide special applications like KSWAN and VPN for availing web-based services.Now, local bodies are using Sankhya, Sulekha, Sevana, Sanjaya, Soochika, Sthapana, Sugama, Sanketham, Sakarma and Sachithra software developed by IKM. Accounting and civil data capturing are the only services that require Windows.Earlier, government had restricted the number of computers that can be purchased by civic bodies to nine. But in July 2012, the state lifted the cap and set the limit as per office capacity. So the total demand for new computers is expected to cross 10,000.Keltron, which will purchase 5,000 computers for various local bodies as per IKM's specification, stated that the average cost per unit is Rs 25,778.The additional cost for installing Windows is Rs 7,455/unit. So the government can save around Rs 7 crore if it discards the software.Kochi:Putting an end to the monopoly enjoyed by the Microsoft in the providing software for various applications of local bodies in the state, Information Kerala Mission (IKM) has issued a circular to the secretaries of various civic bodies that they can do away with Windows operating system. The plan is to switch over to web-based services and centralising all the system thereby cutting the installation and maintenance cost as well as facilitates easy updation.Till now, the local bodies in the state had been using Windows-based operating system. '' The IKM started with a mission to computerise the end-to-end services of local bodies in 1993 was one of the pioneer projects in the country. In the beginning, the software used was based on proprietary system. Later at many stages, there were efforts to convert it to free and open source system. But couldn't do away with it various contraints,'' said K Anwar Sadath, former director, IKM. '' Now many services offered by local bodies have been converted to web-based services. So, they can go without Windows,'' he said. Accounting and civil data capturing are the only Windows based services offered by the local bodies now. For these services, the local bodies can use the existing computers for the time being. These services also are expected to be converted to into free software soon. Local bodies are using Sankhya, Sulekha, Sevana, Sanjaya, Soochika, Sthapana, Sugama, Sanketham, Sakarma and Sachithra software developed by IKM for offering various services.An earlier order of the state government had limited the number of computers that can be bought by the civic bodies to nine. In July this year, the government lifted the cap and the local body can purchase a computer for each seat. According to the price list provided by Keltron, which immediately plans to buy around 5,000 computers for local bodies as per specification by IKM, the difference between computers with and without Windows is more than 7,000.As the government lifted the cap on buying computers, the total demand for new computers by the local bodies is expected to rise to 10,000 pieces. The government can save around Rs seven crore on account of avoiding the Windows now. The IKM offers special applications like KSWAN and VPN for availing web based services. Those civic bodies which haven't availed of the connectivity should immediately do so, IKM ask the local bodies through the circular sent to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16816358", "title": "DM suspends 2 sanitary inspectors for laxity", "text": "VARANASI: District magistrate Saurabh Babu on Sunday ordered the suspension of two sanitary inspectors of Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) during an inspection to assess sanitation in the city in view of the upcoming festive season. The DM has also asked magistrates to regularly monitor VMC's sanitary exercises and ensure the completion of road repairing works within deadlines.Babu and municipal commissioner RP Singh visited several localities in the city on Sunday morning and took note of the heaps of garbage and improper cleanliness arrangements at Andhrapul, Ravindrapuri, and Lanka. The conversion of Assi nullah into a garbage dumping yard also drew the DM's ire. He subsequently ordered the suspension of sanitary inspectors of Ravindrapuri and Lanka.Later, Saurabh held a meeting with magistrates as well as officials of VMC and other departments at his camp office. During the meeting, he assigned the task of visiting city localities and keeping a sharp vigil on VMC's sanitary exercises to the magistrates. He said apart from preparing a report and taking photographs for documentation, the magistrates would also ensure removal of garbage in their presence if they find the same in any locality. He ordered the municipal commissioner to arrange escorts for the magistrates in this regard.The DM was also dissatisfied with the slow pace of road repairing works, and ordered that they be completed in a day. He also instructed the Jal Kal and Jal Nigam officials to ensure repair of roads that have been dug up for laying pipelines or any other work. He said all roads near Durga puja pandals, railway station, bus stands and other places of public gathering should remain clean. Two police constables who were found sitting in a shop instead of being positioned at their picket points at Lanka were also reprimanded by the DM after he noticed a heavy jam due to improper parking of auto rickshaws in the area.Meanwhile, high drama was created when regional manager of pollution control board SB Singh refused to go to the area assigned to him for inspection of sanitary exercises. This reportedly led to a heated exchange of words between him and ADM City MP Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16815907", "title": "New building bylaws to benefit customers", "text": "JAIPUR: The amendments in the building bylaws of Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) have given a boost to the realty sector which have are grappling with low sentiments. The new laws which allow the builders to have extended basement and dedicated space for visitors' parking have also paved way for better planning of the city.The new bylaws were passed by JDA during a meeting on Saturday. Despite the new bylaws making it mandatory for the developers to provide parking space for one car per unit in flats constructed on 160 sq m area and two slots for the flats constructed on or above 200 sq m area, the builders are unfazed. They believe that concession given in lieu of these norms are satisfactory and will have positive impact on the customers and the market.\"Earlier, norms were not practical to follow. Also there was no provision for the parking space in small flats. But now we are allowed to reduce the set back area and give extended basement parking. Abolishing the provision of keeping minimum space between two blocks in group housing is also a welcomine decision,\" said Aatmaram Gupta, a private builder.As per the new proposal, it will be compulsory for the developers to provide parking space for one car per unit in flats constructed on 160 sqm area.Moreover, for flats constructed on or above 200 sqm area, the builder will have to provide parking space for two cars per unit. It is also mandatory to reserve 25% of the parking space for visitors.Relief has also been provided to the builders by reducing the parking size. In the open parking space per unit car has been brought down to 23 square metre from 25 sqm and at ground level it has been reduced to 28 sq met from 30 sqm.In the basement, it is now 32 sqm down from 35 sqm. For small flats, the overall space is reduced by 10% for the builders.\"The new provisions are beneficiary for the customers. It was very difficult to provide parking of such size in a society which has 500 flats. But the provisions will help in curbing the parking menace and help builders to have appropriate construction planning. We feel this will send a positive message in the market and attract more people to own flats,\" said Alok Pandey, manager of the private builder company.The other provisions which have been included in the by-laws are planting tress in the set back area, developing green zone only for societies with 5,000 square metre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "16814996", "title": "School denies expelling victim", "text": "FATEHABAD: The father of 12-year-old girl who was repeatedly raped by a 65-year-old man for five months in Ratia township of the district on Sunday alleged that his daughter had been expelled from the school after coming to know of the incident.However, the school headmaster has denied the allegations, saying, \"The girl's father has approached us for the SLC (school leaving certificate) on the grounds that the family cannot afford her daily bus fare and we have accepted the request. Why would we expel a victim of such a horrendous crime?\"When contacted, Block Education Officer Dhanpat Ram said, \"I'll visit the school on Monday and check the records personally.\" According to the police FIR, accused Sohan Lal, alias Sonu, who sold eatables outside the victim's school lured her and used to take her to nearby fields and rape at her will. The police had arrested the accused from the Punjab border on Saturday.Fatehabad SSP Vikas Dhankar said, \"We have requested the civil surgeon to constitute a board to further medically examine the girl, who could even be pregnant. We will get the reports by Monday. We produced the accused in the local court on Sunday which has remanded him in judicial custody.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16816418", "title": "Girls' dorms in dire need of basic amenities", "text": "RANCHI: Girls' hostels and paying guest accommodations in the city have run into trouble over security and hygiene issues. Even though these hostels charge exorbitant fees, amenities like hygienic food and regular water and power supply are absent in most of them.Puja Singh, a student who has come to Ranchi from Gumla for higher education , said, \"The warden had assured us of proper food, 24X7 electricity and water supply and so I agreed to shell out Rs 3,000 per month as hostel fee. It took me a while to realize that the promises that were made were simply hollow.\"Hygiene and proper food are issues that have been plaguing these boarders for a long time with no solution in sight. Shikha Naik, a student of Women's College, said, \"More often than not, we get either black chana or soya chunks for both lunch and dinner. The taste is rather bland and the food unpalatable. We long to for green vegetables. And once in a while, if we chance upon it, we end up polishing off our plates. There have been times when we have found find insects in our food.\"As eating out is an expensive proproposition, the students have no choice but to survive on whatever the hostel authorities serve. This has led to severe health problems among students. \"I had been admitted to a hospital twice in the recent past because of food poisoning caused by unhygienic hostel food,\" moaned Maitri Munda, a who is putting up at a girls' hostel here.Security too becomes a problem for for most of these students who are new to the city. Arti Mahato, who lives in a hostel near Circular Road, said: \"There is no proper security arrangement in the hostel I am putting up in. Even though it accommodates as many as 40 female students, it does not have a guard and anyone can enter the building anytime.\"The owners of the hostels, however, present a different picture. For many, with the nominal fees they charge, little can be done in times of such inflation. \"We charge a small amount from the girls and, therefore, cannot provide everything they demand. We are giving them good food, but it is not possible for us to recruit security guards,\" said Meena Devi, the warden of a city hostel.\"Though, hostels with facilities like these charge a high amount of fee not many girls, specially those coming from villages can afford such luxuries. Prateeksha Bhagat of Hazaribagh said, \"I do not belong to a very rich family so I have no other option than to stay in a room as paying guest with four other girls. I do face problems but I can do nothing about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814333", "title": "MBA, three others held for auto theft", "text": "NEW DELHI: An MBA working as an HR manager with a leading bank, a youth performing stunts for advertising agencies and two others have been arrested for stealing around two dozen vehicles in the city.The accused, K Sanatomba Singh, Ravi Masroor, Farooq Ahmed and Sohail \u2014 all from Manipur, were arrested on October 9 from Sewa Nagar in south Delhi, police said. Another accused, Abu Hassan, is on the run. While Singh used to work with the bank, Masroor was the stuntman. Eighteen bikes and two cars have been recovered so far.Following a tip-off about the gang coming in a stolen car, a special team spotted a silver Santro coming from the Defence Colony side around 8.30pm. As the team signalled the car to stop, the driver stepped on the gas. However, the car was soon intercepted and three accused were apprehended after they failed to show the car's papers.\"On verification of the engine and chassis number, it was found that the numberplate was fake and the vehicle was stolen from Dabri,\" said DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma. Another accused, Sohail alias Mujibur, was arrested later from Munirka.The accused had come to Delhi in search of jobs but began stealing vehicles to earn quick bucks. \"During the day, they would scan various areas and identify vehicles for theft. Later in the night, one of them would break the vehicle lock while the others would keep guard,\" said Sharma.The accused would take the vehicle to a house, change the numberplate and make a fake registration certificate with the number of vehicles registered with the Gurgaon, Bahadurgarh and Uttar Pradesh transport authorities.They used to retain the original engine and chassis number to prevent the vehicle from being identified as stolen.Naresh Solanki, SHO of Kotla Mubarakpur police station, found that the gang would take the stolen vehicle by road to Meerut and deliver it to Hassan, also from Manipur. Abu would send the vehicles by train to Manipur. \"Abu would give them Rs 40,000 for a Bajaj Pulsar and Rs 60,000 for a Yamaha R-15,\" the DCP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16817233", "title": "Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology replaces posts of scientists with admin officers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT) has decided to abolish two posts of scientists and create two managerial positions in place of them at equivalent pay scales, sources said.While a section of varsity insiders described the move as illegal, one Dilip Mallick has submitted a memorandum to the governor recently alleging that the new posts are being created to accommodate pre-decided individuals.The varsity board of management (BOM), the apex decision making body of the university, on September 29 decided to abolish the posts of two scientists, one at the remote regional technology transfer station (RRTTS) at G Udaygiri and another at the Umerkote substation.In exchange of the abolished post of senior scientist at G Udaygiri, the BOM has decided to appoint an administrative officer at the Centre for Post Graduate Studies (CPGS) to monitor establishment matters and day-to-day work. In place of the junior scientist at Umerkote, the BOM decided to appoint a liaison officer at the varsity to contact with government officers and Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR).Scientists in the university are unhappy with both the moves. \"As the varsity is expanding, it should add more scientists. But it is unfortunate that the authorities are reducing such posts,\" said Umesh Chandra Kar, a retired professor of plant breeding and genetic technology. \"It is illegal to replace these posts with administrative officers,\" he added.\"OUAT is a technical university. More technical posts should be created, instead of abolishing the existing ones. Administrative responsibilities, if any, can be given to technical persons as additional duties,\" said Dayanidhi Mohapatra, who retired from the university as a professor of agricultural biotechnology.One Dilip Mallick, a resident of Laxmisagar, has submitted a memorandum to governor and chancellor of universities M C Bhandare accusing the varsity of using unfair means in creation of these posts. \"The posts seem to have been created to please and accommodate pre-decided persons,\" he said.Varsity authorities said the decision was taken based on need. \"There is no mala fide intention. The BOM took the decision as the varsity felt the need for the two posts,\" said registrar S K Ray. Ray also said the BOM's decision would have to be ratified by the state government before being implemented.The varsity already has a number of administrative officers. The registrar is a senior administrative officer in the rank of additional secretary who heads the administrative wing. An Odisha administrative officer (OAS) holds the posts of assistant registrar, a senior Odisha Finance Service (OFS) officer in the rank of joint secretary heads the varsity finance wing as comptroller of finance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi/chennai", "code": "16817385", "title": "SC acquits 17 life convicts from state citing lack of evidence", "text": "NEW DELHI/CHENNAI: The Supreme Court has acquitted 17 people sentenced to life imprisonment due to lack of evidence. They were sentenced to life imprisonment for a triple murder in Tamil Nadu more than two decades ago. A bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi passed the order on an appeal filed by Murugesan and the 16 convicts sentenced to life imprisonment by the Madras high court which had reversed the acquittal order passed by the sessions court.Veeraperumal, Karumpuli and Madaswamy had come to judicial magistrate Vilathikulam's court on September 22, 1991, for their bail application relating to an alleged murder case when they were attacked and murdered by 23 people, most of whom had come to the court in connection with other criminal cases.The murder of the trio was said to be because of long-standing civil disputes between the parties.The sessions court acquitted all the accused persons on April 16, 1998 on the ground that their guilt was not proved beyond doubt.However, on an appeal from the state, the high court reversed the order and convicted 19 people for the murder and sentenced them to life imprisonment . Two of the convicts died during the proceedings.The convicts then appealed to the apex court. The Supreme Court, after perusal of the evidence and records, felt the high court had erroneously convicted the accused , despite the trial court's sound reasoning .\"The reversal of the acquittal could have been made by the high court only if the conclusions recorded by the learned trial court did not reflect a possible view.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "16817575", "title": "Priest shot dead, two arrested", "text": "BAHRAICH: An assistant priest of the Devi temple was shot dead by some persons while he was sleeping in the ashram. Two persons have been arrested and are being interrogated by the police who sent the body for postmortem.According to reports, Baba Beerdas is the head priest the ancient Devi temple located at Beria village under Dehat kotwali. Another priest Bhusauli (65) was also appointed in the temple to assist Beerdas. Bhusauli had over 3 acres of land and had donated it to a temple in the village while Ramsubhit and Devraj residents of Katkuian Ramgaon were claiming ownership of the land causing dispute between the two parties for several years. Some persons attacked Bhusauli and shot him dead while he was sleeping in the temple. Beerdas heard the sound and rushed to the spot but the attackers had disappeared. Police were informed and inspector in charge of Dehat kotwali J P Tiwari reached the spot. Tiwari told TOI that Ramsubhit and Devraj had been arrested after the deceased's brother Hareram registered a case of murder against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16816516", "title": "China's hot drink: Deer blood", "text": "BEIJING: A section of well off Chinese celebrated the just concluded mid-autumn moon festival in unique ways, with some queuing up in a farm to drink blood of freshly slaughtered deer. The lucky ones got a non-edible version of moon cakes made of pure gold valued more than $2,500 each.Young people \"rented\" boyfriends and girlfriends to convince their parents that they were seriously considering marriage. More than 50,000 Chinese stayed home after their planned vacations to Japan were cancelled because of the ongoing sea island dispute between the two nations and cancellation of flights.A private deer breeding farm near Nanjing did brisk business as people travelled from distant places to see the farm owner drink the flowing blood straight from the cut horns, the Nanjing Morning Post reported. Some drank the fresh blood in small cups, some mixed it with liquor and a few drank it straight from the cut antlers.People visiting the farm subscribe to an old notion that drinking fresh antler blood can cure several ills and hugely improve their health. But the local media quoted practitioners of traditional Chinese medicine who said deer blood is not for everyone.The rich celebrated the festival by visiting gold shops to buy the precious metal in the shape and design of moon cakes for gifting to their friends. Even a major bank came out with bullion cakes that were sold at over $2,500 each. Mooncakes, usually made of the flour of lotus seed with sweet fillings, is a traditional gift among family and friends in China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16815321", "title": "Gujarat Technological University\u2019s youth fest has \u2018save girl child\u2019 theme", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With the theme of 'Save the girl child', Gujarat Technological University's (GTU) youth festival, XITIJ 2012 got underway at the campus of LJ Institute of Engineering on Friday.The theme for the festival \"Aavo Beti Ne Vadhao\" aims to create awareness about importance of girls in the society. The entire campus of the host college has been decorated with paintings of footprints of a baby girl to those of old women, highlighting different stages in the life of a woman. These canvas and abstract art paintings along with stone art have been made by the students of the host college.The students have given an ethnic touch to the venue with the help of civil work, mechanical engineering concepts, carpentering, cow-dung plastering and traditional Indian fencing. GTU organizes youth festivals in five zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16817107", "title": "At 15, he is a talent to look out for", "text": "LUDHIANA: Tall and lanky with a wiry physique, he is in a way made to play golf. Six feet two with a swing that almost goes 360 degrees, he hits the ball high and long; and as the small white dimpled ball, which he marks with two parallel dotted lines, vanishes against the white sky, you cannot but help appreciate his talent.\"I am the second longest hitter in the National Junior Golf Circuit,\" says Viren Thapar, who at 15 is being considered as a player to watch out for by the senior golfers of Ludhiana.\"He is a promising young golfer. The way he plans his game is amazing, and that too at such a young age,\" said veteran amateur golfer from Ludhiana, Jagbir Singh Grewal, who played alongside Viren in a medal round on Sunday at Ranjithgarh Golf Club, Phillaur, which the teenager won. A huge Tiger Woods fan, Viren won his first big tournament at 13 in Phillaur, and as a prize he got the opportunity to play with Kapil Dev. \"I played one hole with him; it was a closest to the pin contest in which I beat him.\"A resident of Model Town, he started learning golf six years ago and was from then on encouraged by his father, who is a doctor and a keen golfer himself.\"My brother and I used to accompany our father and while he played golf, we used to have a picnic. Then I took to the greens and my father encouraged me. I was always interested in sports; am still now. I used to play tennis till district level and did gymnastics before that. Now I am the captain of the football team in my school,\" said Viren, a student of Satpaul Mittal School, Dugri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16817354", "title": "Liquor outlets plan e-billing from January", "text": "CHENNAI: Tipplers needn't fear overcharging at the outlets of the Tamil Nadu State Marketing Corporation (Tasmac ). The state-run liquor distributor will introduce electronic billing system for the first time in all its retail shops across the state in January 2013. This follows frequent complaints of charging over and above the maximum retail price (MRP). \"This electronic billing is likely to be introduced from January 1, 2013,\" a senior Tasmac official told TOI.This move will curb the practice of Tasmac staff charging extra even after the government recently hiked liquor prices by rounding them off to the nearest ten.\"Though we have suspended more than 1,500 outlet employees in last six months on the charges of violating MRP rule, the offence still continues ,\" the official said.He revealed that in addition to collecting the extra charge, staff at various outlets divert the cash collected at the counters for their personal use. \"Some of them even loan the money to locals for interest ,\" he said.The official pointed out that even though several inspections are being conducted at the outlets, Tasmac staff manning the outlets continue to overcharge. He said that once the billing system is put in place at all outlets, the collections will be monitored from the head office. \"Tender will be floated to procure the billing machines\" , he said.According to him, the entry in the billing device will be stored in the main server. Daily, weekly and monthly reports will be generated whenever required . \"In addition, each customer will get a bill for liquor purchase,\" he said. There are 6,280 liquor outlets in the state.Recently, Tasmac also installed refrigeration in most of its outlets. \"This was done because the outlet staff were overcharging for beer and explaining this by saying it is for refrigeration,\" the official said.Liquor sales in the state are acknowledged to be the major revenue booster for the exchequer . In 2011-12 , the revenue generated through liquor sales was about 15,000 crore. Tasmac sells about 40 lakh cases of hard liquor and about 20 lakh cases of beer every month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "on this auspicious morning of mahalaya, the times of india group would like to enter your home with a new offering", "code": "16817674", "title": "Times Group launches 'Ei Samay', a Bengali daily", "text": "On this auspicious morning of Mahalaya, The Times of India Group would like to enter your home with a new offering: Ei Samay .It's been half a century since we launched an Indian language newspaper; so much has flowed between our banks in that time. The Group's flagship, The Times of India, today enjoys the stature that comes with being the world's largest-circulated English language daily; The Economic Times dominates the business space; and the young-and-restless Mumbai Mirror has in quick time established itself as the country's highest-selling tabloid. Our language papers, too, are No.1 in their principal markets: Marathi in Mumbai, Hindi in Delhi and Kannada in Bangalore.And yet, there's something very special about the launch of Ei Samay. This is a moment we have long dreamed of: an opportunity to start a conversation with one of the world's most culturally evolved people in their own mellifluous tongue. Adda, after all, is untranslatable, and now with Ei Samay, we won't need to translate it.For many of us in The Times Group, this is like coming home - some were born and bred in Kolkata, others spent memorable years studying and/or working here. No matter where we have lived after that, we have been defined by our Calcutta Chromosome. It's an umbilical cord we have proudly chosen not to cut. That we have picked this day for the launch is a reaffirmation of our love and affection for this warm, sophisticated and vibrant city that has also been home to such diverse communities as Sikhs, Parsis, Marwaris, Gujaratis, Goans, Tamils, Armenians, Anglo-Indians, Jews and Chinese. (Nirad C Chaudhuri once wrote, \"In certain of its (Calcutta's) quarters a man could easily fancy that he was in China\".)True, the city has seen better days. But history is rich with tales of cities that have risen and fallen, only to rise again. Intellectually, Kolkata has never stopped holding its own among the brightest and the best. But its reputation as an industrial powerhouse has been in steady retreat. The question is: have the halcyon days been left forever behind? Without industry, jobs won't be easy to come by and, without jobs, talk of glory rings hollow. Bengal has always set great store by education; for Bengalis, knowledge is more valued than money. But a city that cannot provide honourable employment to its young and educated will not only drive them away, but will also cease to attract talent from outside. The great cities of the world - New York and London come readily to mind - have shown that not only can culture co-exist with commerce but that a 'work hard-play hard' environment is a strong magnet for creative and corporate talent.It will be Ei Samay's endeavour to champion its readers' causes in every possible way - be it to enhance their quality of life, or help rejuvenate Bengal, or create opportunities for the young, or simply provide a platform for ideas and solutions.The paper will seek to engage the reader's mind and expand her consciousness beyond the narrow, artificially constructed confines of city, state and nation. After all, Tagore, Vivekananda and Satyajit Ray were as much citizens of the world as they were sons of Bengal, comfortable in their own skin both ghare and baire.Ei Samay will open the windows to brave new thoughts and trends from around the globe even as it celebrates the best of Bengal. It will be intelligent, enlightened and insightful without being dense or inaccessible. It will probe beyond the pedestrian 'when', 'where' and 'what' to ask 'why' and 'how'. It will bring alive the drama and excitement of social, economic and political life by providing context and perspective, nuance and texture. It will track a society in transition and anticipate critical inflection points so that its readers are better prepared for tomorrow's world today.It will not sugarcoat the truth, however bitter - almost every big story that has grabbed national headlines in the last three years has been broken by The Times of India. But it will also shine the light on tales of hope and heroism, because there is an army of remarkable people out there doing wonderful deeds to change the lives of the less-privileged, often without any expectation of gain or recognition.When we launched The Times of India in Chennai a few years ago, we were often asked, \"What took you so long?\" Our answer was, \"Chennai's had an established local newspaper for so many years that we weren't sure we would be accepted.\" Our apprehensions turned out to be unfounded - we were overwhelmed by the welcome we received.Kolkata, too, has an entrenched incumbent. Which is one of the reasons it took us a while to launch a Bengali newspaper. But we have been touched and humbled by the response we have received, right from the moment we started laying the ground for Ei Samay. We are acutely conscious of the responsibility that this goodwill places upon us.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16814496", "title": "Post boxes get a new address in Kerala", "text": "KOCHI: Snail mail like steam locomotives may have only vintage value. But the postal department, one of the last redoubts of an era when lost-in-transit had life threatening implications, is busy reinventing itself.Concerned that many of its quaint red post boxes are in an unused and derelict state, the department is planning to relocate boxes with little or no intake of daily mail to areas where they might still serve a purpose.According to the rationalisation plan, one-third of the over 35,000 post boxes attached to 12,000-odd post offices in the state will be relocated.\"There are boxes which have only one or two letters dropped a day. At the same time in many places residential associations and flat dwellers have been approaching the department to install post boxes. So we are relocating post boxes with less than 10 letters to those areas and it is being done after considering actual number of letters in various boxes,\" an official said.Sources in the postal department admitted that in many places people are no longer willing to drop letters in boxes, preferring instead boxes located near main post offices in towns and cities. This is because these boxes are not regularly cleared by postmen.Moreover, it is a common sight to see advertisement notices stuck all over post boxes at busy junctions while in by-lanes and tucked away streets various political parties and trade unions use the boxes to spread their own messages.The decision to rationalise post boxes was taken a while back, but post office officials dismiss rumours that there are plans to do away with the system itself.\"No instructions were issued to do away with post boxes where only a few letters are dropped every day. Normally post boxes are kept in the same place even if letter droppings are low because of the change in the character of mail. But sometimes they are relocated,\" explained Shobha Koshy, chief post master general, Kerala Circle. She added that the department is very scruplous about ensuring that boxes are opened every day and maintained properly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16815273", "title": "Bomb hoax in mall sparks panic among Puja shoppers", "text": "HOWRAH: Panic gripped Puja shoppers at the Avani Riverside Mall in Howrah on Sunday afternoon after a bomb scare forced them to vacate the mall.Around 2.30pm, an employee of the mall received an SMS from an unknown number which stated that four bombs were planted in the mall and they would go off if the authorities fail to pay Rs 10 lakh, said police. The same SMS was sent again after half an hour following which the police were informed.While announcements were made for people to leave the mall, a team from Howrah City Police and a CID bomb squad arrived with sniffer dogs to inspect the mall. No bombs were found and the SMS turned out to be a hoax.\"We are trying to trace the person who had sent the SMS,\" said Howrah City Police DC (headquarters) Nishat Pervez. Primary probe revealed the SIM card used to send the SMS was obtained by providing a fake address.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16814307", "title": "Araku Utsav put off as Andhra Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation staff continue stir", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The week long Araku Utsav proposed to be held from October 15 to 21 has been postponed due to the Andhra Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation (APTDC) staff strike in Araku, Borra, Tyda and Anantagiri which began on October 10. \"Araku Utsav has been postponed. However, once the issue is resolved, the utsav is likely to be conducted from October 18 ,\" district collector V Seshadri said on Sunday.The deadlock between the officials of APTDC and the striking workers remained unresolved with the strikers demanding that any promise made should be in writing.Moreover, the APTDC officials have made it clear that the demand for regularisation of jobs would have to be met by the state government and noted that they had petitioned the government on this issue.Sources in APTDC said the officials had in principle agreed to their demand regarding hike in salaries. However, the issue of profit sharing from Borra was yet to be dealt with, with the strikers and Borra Panchayat supported by Samata demanding a 20% share while the APTDC assenting to 10%.With the strike still on, minister for tribal welfare, P Bala Raju took up the cause of the striking workers and met the executive director APTDC, Sumit Singh and PO ITDA Paderu on Sunday, urging them to meet the demands of the striking workers and to ensure that the strike is called off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "16815441", "title": "Swede found dead at Arambol", "text": "GOA: Swedish national was found dead in a rented guest house at Arambol on Saturday. Wiberg Alice Erica Cecilia Margareta, 24, was found dead after she complained of illness on the previous night. Margareta was staying with her female Australian friend and had come down to Goa on October 10. She complained of illness on Friday night to her friend and collapsed and died on early Saturday morning. Police has registered the case of unnatural death.The body was sent for autopsy at GMC in Bambolim post mortem report is awaited. PI Tushar Lotlikar is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814902", "title": "DDA, sports club told to pay Rs 32,000 to man", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Dwarka Sports Complex and the DDA, which runs it, have been directed by a consumer forum here to jointly pay Rs 32,000 to a man for not giving him membership of the club despite charging him fees for it.The South West District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum held the Delhi Development Authority and its sports club guilty of deficient service for not granting membership of the club to Dwarka resident Dinesh Kumar, till date, after he had paid the fees in August 2002.\"We direct opposite parties to jointly and severally refund to Dinesh a sum of Rs 10,000 (paid as membership fees). They shall also pay Rs 20,000 as compensation for mental agony caused to complainant by not granting him membership since 2002 till date. They shall also pay a sum of Rs 2,000 as litigation cost,\" the bench presided by Narendra Kumar said.The forum's order came on the complaint of Dinesh Kumar who claimed he had applied for membership in the sports club in August 2002 and had paid the fees for it. When he did not get membership even after two years, he wrote to the DDA officials in 2004.The club officials, however, refused to grant him membership saying they had not received any membership fees from him, he had alleged. Dinesh claimed that despite producing required documents, he was not given membership.In their defence, the sports complex said Dinesh's application and membership fees had gone missing due to a fraud committed by one of their employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16817618", "title": "Indo-German Grand Science Slam on October 27", "text": "The German Embassy, New Delhi, and the German Research Foundation (DFG), have announced the names of six finalists who will present their slam topics at the Indo-German Grand Science Slam to be held on October 27, at the Millennium Indraprastha Park, Sarai Kale Khan. The call for participation was made in early September with a total of 46 applications received from young researchers in institutions across India including University of Delhi, Jawaharlal Nehru University, Tata Institute of Social Sciences, IIT Kanpur and IIT Hyderabad, among others.Two winners decided by a jury collectively with the audience will be awarded a fully paid learning opportunity to work in the research group in Germany.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814377", "title": "Woman\u2019s yell on 10 harshest sounds list", "text": "NEW DELHI: The sound of a woman screaming has been found to be among the top 10 unpleasant sounds for humans, while that of an applause or a baby laughing are among the most pleasant.The first-of-its-kind study conducted by researchers at Newcastle University has ranked the sound of a knife on a bottle, fork on a glass and chalk on a blackboard as the top three unpleasant sounds in a list of 74.A baby crying or an electrical drill also figures in this list of unpleasant sounds.On the other hand, the crackling of thunder or the sound of flowing water are among the least unpleasant.In a study published on Sunday in the Journal of Neuroscience, and funded by UK's Wellcome Trust, Newcastle University scientists said there was an interaction between the region of the brain that processes sound, the auditory cortex, and the amygdala, which is active in the processing of negative emotions when we hear unpleasant sounds.This, they said, explained why humans shriek at unpleasant sounds.Researchers said that brain imaging had shown that \"when we hear an unpleasant noise, the amygdala modulates the response of the auditory cortex heightening activity and provoking our negative reaction.\"Dr Sukhbinder Kumar, the paper's author from Newcastle University, said, \"It appears there is something very primitive kicking in. It's a possible distress signal from the amygdala to the auditory cortex.\"Researchers at the Wellcome Trust Centre for Neuroimaging and Newcastle University used functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) to examine how the brains of volunteers responded to a range of sounds.Listening to the noises inside the scanner, they rated them from the most unpleasant -- the sound of knife on a bottle - to pleasing, bubbling water. Researchers were then able to study the brain response to each type of sound.\"The activity of the amygdala and the auditory cortex varied in direct relation to the ratings of perceived unpleasantness given by the subjects. The emotional part of the brain, the amygdala, in effect takes charge and modulates the activity of the auditory part of the brain so that our perception of a highly unpleasant sound, such as a knife on a bottle, is heightened as compared to a soothing sound, such as bubbling water,\" the researchers said.Analysis of the acoustic features of the sounds found that anything in the frequency range of around 2,000 to 5,000 Hz was found to be unpleasant.Dr Kumar explained, \"This is the frequency range where our ears are most sensitive. Although there's still much debate as to why our ears are most sensitive in this range, it does include sounds of screams which we find intrinsically unpleasant.\"Experts say that scientifically, a better understanding of the brain's reaction to noise could help our understanding of medical conditions where people have a decreased sound tolerance such as hyperacusis, misophonia (literally a hatred of sound) and autism when there is sensitivity to noise.Professor Tim Griffiths from Newcastle University, who led the study, said, \"This work sheds new light on the interaction of the amygdala and the auditory cortex. This might be a new inroad into emotional disorders and disorders like tinnitus and migraine in which there seems to be heightened perception of the unpleasant aspects of sounds.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "16814471", "title": "We need to play better cricket, says Harbhajan Singh", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Mumbai Indians skipper Harbhajan Singh said they will need to play \"better cricket\" and felt the defending champions were 20 runs short after losing their opening match in the Champions League Twenty20 on Sunday.Mumbai suffered an eight-wicket defeat to local outfit Lions who rode on Neil McKenzie and Quinton de Kock's blazing half-centuries at the New Wanderers Stadium.\"We need to play better cricket. There was a bit of dew, but we can't complain about that. I think we were 20 runs short,\" Harbhajan said in the post-match presentation ceremony.Harbhajan was of the opinion that his batsmen failed to attack the Lions spinners.\"I think we didn't look to attack their spinners, he ( Dirk Nannes ) got away with 15 runs for four overs.\"He defended the move to send Mitchell Johnson ahead of specialists like Ambati Rayudu , Dinesh Karthik and Kieron Pollard .\"Mitchell Johnson was the only left-hand batsman we had,\" he said about the Aussie who gobbled up a lot of balls enroute to his knock of 30.He accepted the defeat and said the Lions played better cricket than Mumbai.\"McKenzie played superbly, along with another youngster. Overall Lions played much better than us, they know the conditions better than us... credit to them.\"Lions skipper Alviro Petersen was full of praise for his two star batsmen of the day.\"De Kock is obviously a good player, he hits the ball sweet, McKenzie played like a young man, he showed again what a player he is.\"We are very happy. I thought the first 5-6 overs they dominated, but then (Aaron) Phangiso brought us back in it. We had our plans, and we just wanted to execute, we did it today.\"We know what we are about, what sort of cricket we can play. We put the bowling together from over five or six,\" Petersen said.Man of the Match McKenzie saw de Kock as a future captain.\"I'm just enjoying my cricket. de Kock is really an exceptional talent, got a good head for him, can hit the ball a long way, a nice leader for the future.\"We knew we had to be on our game today, even though there were quite a few Sachin Tendulkar fans out there,,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16815243", "title": "Planetarium at Kankaria after 15 years", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Fifteen years back, an entire generation of kids was initiated into the fun of star gazing and identifying groups of stars and constellations through planetariums in cities such as Ahmedabad, Vadodara and Surat. Those 15-20 minutes took the wide-eyed children and adults alike to the celestial world of planets, stars and nebulas as the projector casted a sky on a dome above their heads. Soon, these children started to identify major star groups in the open skies on dark nights.Now, the fun will be back for citizens as the planetarium at Kankaria lakefront will start after a gap of 15 years, complete with new features. The planetarium is slated for inauguration during the Kankaria Carnival starting December 25, 2012.Dhananjay Raval, a science aficionado and owner of a science hobby center in the city, told TOI that his team is giving final shape to the project at Kankaria. \"Kankaria holds a special place for me. As a child, I used to throng its library and visited all the attractions nearby. As the lakefront has become a thriving spot for family outings lately, we thought of reviving the popular attraction of yesteryears - the planetarium,\" he said.Raval said that he got support for the project from all quarters, right from the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) officials to scientists of Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO), Ahmedabad. The campus will have twin planetariums named 'Nabho Darshan' having a capacity of 30 each and an 80-seat auditorium to host movie screenings, talks on subjects related to science and to hold workshops.The major attraction of the planetarium will be the launch of a model rocket, a prototype of ISRO rocket. \"The 30-feet high platform and rocket will have a countdown and will even have flames and fireworks that are observed during an actual launch. We are hopeful that it will be a major attraction in the times to come,\" said Raval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16817171", "title": "Humour takes the sting out of power cuts", "text": "CHENNAI: A question in Tamil in a mock version of 'Kaun Banega Crorepati' got several 'likes' on Facebook recently. The question went thus: Does anyone know when the power will be back? The options: A: I Know; B: You Know; C: EB Knows; D: Nobody Knows. \"This is the final question and the correct answer will fetch 1 crore,\" said the post.Reactions to six to eight-hour-long power cuts in Tamil Nadu range from the mildly satirical to the extremely violent while the setting moves from social networking sites to the street. Angry consumers increasingly resort to novel and quirky forms of protests to make a point. Besides squatting on roads, picketing sub-stations and gheraoing electricity board officials, residents in towns and villages in the interiors plaster catchy slogans on street walls or distribute fans and candles to vent their anger.A traders' forum at Needamangalam in Tiruvarur district and the Video and Photographers' Association in Aranthangi in Pudukottai district recently pasted posters on walls seeking help to trace 'Electricity' , which was in use for long, but is missing now. It even listed out some identification marks - you get a shock if you touch it and its height (referring to the tariff) is quite high. The notice said those who had information could get in touch with the nearby Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) office or a sub-station .Facebook is flooded with quirky quotes and pictures. A picture has small boys hanging on to electricity wires without any fear of being electrocuted. Another post shows clothes being hung out on electricity wires for drying.Residents of Coimbatore staged a protest using a live snake, alleging that poisonous reptiles and insects enter their houses under cover of darkness when power supply is disrupted at night. In Kumarapalayam in Tirupur district, a group stuck posters on street walls thanking a former minister for power cuts that lasted just two hours during the previous regime.\"We are forced to adopt novel methods to express our anger as regular protests like blocking roads or staging a dharna may result in us being arrested. We want the news of our suffering to reach the government,\" said P Munusamy, a tea shop owner in Thanjavur. He is upset as his 'vada' sales has been hit. \"We are unable to grind the dough for vada. Even if we start around 5 am the process is still not over as it takes hours to complete it,\" he lamented.But not everyone is amused. Recently, an irate group set fire to a TNEB sub-station at Melvisharam in Vellore district. Eleven people were arrested by the police in connection with the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16814611", "title": "State seeks extra power to tide over shortages", "text": "HYDERABAD: Worried over the severe power shortage, the state government has urged the Union government to supply additional power and fuel to overcome the ever increasing demand-supply gap. It also asked APGenco to expedite power projects so that 4,000 MW additional generation capacity could be augmented by 2014.M Sahoo, energy secretary, said the power utilities have entered into agreements to procure power to the tune of 1,500 MW per month till May 2013. A senior official said inadequate coal and natural gas supplies, reduced inflows into hydel reservoirs and limited transmission corridor facility badly hit the efforts to enhance power generation capacity in the state. \"Due to severe fuel crisis, the generating stations are able to utilize only 10,400 MW capacity (65%) as against the total installed capacity of around 16,000 MW,\" he pointed out.Sources said the government was mulling to send a proposal to the Union power ministry to hold a national debate on fuel security so as to explore the means and ways to tap the renewable resources like solar and wind and to meet the growing power demand from the consumers.Meanwhile, APTransco CMD Hiralal Samariya said the discoms have been told to ensure seven-hour supply to the farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16816682", "title": "PM is favouring TN, says KS Eshwarappa", "text": "BANGALORE: The state BJP has accused Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of favouring Tamil Nadu on the Cauvery water-sharing issue.State BJP president KS Eshwarappa said the PM, who is also chairperson of the Cauvery River Authority (CRA), refused to give an appointment to chief minister Jagadish Shettar last week when he sought to discuss the Cauvery issue. \"Manmohan Singh is resorting to double standards. After refusing to see Shettar despite the latter waiting for two days, Singh gave a red-carpet welcome to Tamil Nadu netas. By looking at his conduct, I am in a dilemma whether to call him Prime Minister of the country or an agent of Tamil Nadu,\" Eshwarappa charged. He was addressing a workshop on Sunday to educate party workers on the scams of the UPA government .Taking exception to Congress ' alleged politicizing of the issue, Eshwarappa said senior leaders argued that had Shettar sat through the CRA meeting instead of staging a walkout , the state could have had a better bargain. \"First, they (Congress) welcomed the decision to release 9,000 cusecs of water to TN. They also supported the decision to walk out of the CRA meeting. But now they are finding fault with the state's stand,\" he said.In Mangalore, Union corporate affairs minister M Veerappa Moily criticized the state government for its alleged failure to present before the Supreme Court ground realities in the Cauvery basin. Opposing release of water, he said TN is on the verge of getting rain this month, and enough water is stored in Mettur dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "16817574", "title": "Leopard carcass found on tree", "text": "BAHRAICH: The carcass of a leopard was found suspended on the branches of a tree by Forest department personnel during patrolling in Murtiha range of the Katarniaghat wildlife sanctuary. It appears the leopard died about 15 days old while descending from the tree. The carcass has been sent to range office for the post mortem.Divisional forest officer (DFO) wildlife R K Singh said forest guards were patrolling at room no 8 of beat no 18 under Murtiha range of the Katarniaghat reserved forest area, when they spotted the carcass hanging from the branches of a Rohini tree. The carcass was decomposed and stinking. The forest guard informed the DFO immediately. The carcass was then taken to the range office after being photographed and video-graphed.The DFO said the leopard probably lost balance while descending from the tree and got stuck between two branches. He added that the carcass seemed 15 days old and was too decomposed to identify whether it was a male or female. He said on the basis of skin and tail the leopard was estimated to be 8 to 10 years old.DFO Singh said the carcass has been kept safe at the range office and a three-member team would perform postmortem the next day. The cause of death and age would be known only after the postmortem.Priest shot dead, two arrested: An assistant priest of the Devi temple was shot dead by some persons while he was sleeping in the ashram. Two persons have been arrested and are being interrogated by the police who sent the body for postmortem.According to reports, Baba Beerdas is the head priest the ancient Devi temple located at Beria village under Dehat kotwali. Another priest Bhusauli (65) was also appointed in the temple to assist Beerdas. Bhusauli had over 3 acres of land and had donated it to a temple in the village while Ramsubhit and Devraj residents of Katkuian Ramgaon were claiming ownership of the land causing dispute between the two parties for several years. Some persons attacked Bhusauli and shot him dead while he was sleeping in the temple. Beerdas heard the sound and rushed to the spot but the attackers had disappeared. Police were informed and inspector in charge of Dehat kotwali J P Tiwari reached the spot. Tiwari told TOI that Ramsubhit and Devraj had been arrested after the deceased's brother Hareram registered a case of murder against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "anantapur", "code": "16814306", "title": "Police order Paritala Ravi\u2019s follower to quit Anantapur", "text": "ANANTAPUR: Police have asked Chaman, a close follower of slain TDP leader Paritala Ravindra, to leave the district forthwith.Chaman, who recently joined TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu in his padayatra, has been moving around in the district, after surfacing from underground. Police have warned him not to stay put in the district as he had no permission to do so.Chaman went underground after Paritala Ravindra was murdered. He came out and has been living in the district. Police have, however, said that they were not permitting him to stay in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16818442", "title": "Priyanka outshines Katrina, bags YRF\u2019s biggie", "text": "Unlike reports, it isn't Katrina but Chopra who will star alongside Ranveer Singh and Arjun Kapoor in Ali Abbas Zafar's GundayPriyanka Chopra , after signing Apoorva Lakhia's remake of Zanjeer had been busy finishing her prior film commitments and her now popular debut music album. While other A-list actresses were busy vying for the big banner projects, Priyanka's absence from the rat race set tongues wagging. But the actress managed to shut them all up.After the resounding success of Barfi! and her much appreciated performance in the film, she has now bagged a plum project. Priyanka has been signed on to play the female lead in Yash Raj Films' next Gunday alongside Ranveer Singh and Arjun Kapoor.Though when contacted, the actress' PR stated \"its not true\", the official spokesperson from the production house was more forthcoming and confirmed that Priyanka had indeed signed the Ali Abbas Zafar directorial film as the female lead.Incidentally, Katrina Kaif had also been sounded off for the role. \"The lead female role is rather challenging and performance based. And the makers thought that Priyanka would fit the bill better,\" a source told.This will be Priyanka's second film with YRF after Pyaar Impossible in 2010. Also, this will be her first film with Ranveer and Arjun.Apparently the film is set in one of the most turbulent periods in the history of Kolkata, from 1971 to the end of the decade. Ranveer and Arjun will be seen as powerful black marketing mafia. They play Bikram and Bala respectively. The film traces the journey of these two small time wagon breakers and coal thieves who become mafia leaders.Interestingly, Ekta Kapoor's Milan Talkies that Priyanka was reportedly approached for starts rolling in February 2013. And now, Gunday too is scheduled to go on floor around the same time. Surely Priyanka has taken her pick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16816683", "title": "Private bunks give hope", "text": "Here is some good news. Citizens need not panic if their tanks run dry and they see huge queues before petrol bunks. The bunks of private petroleum companies like Shell, Reliance, Essar and IFB will function as usual through the day, and also in the night in some cases, as they are not part of the protest. Motorists can also rush to bunks on the highways on the outskirts of the city if it is after 6pm.The private bunks are companyowned company-operated services (COCOs). But the number of private bunks in Bangalore is not more than 40, with Shell alone having 23 outlets in the city. There is one Shell bunk in Mysore.\"Private bunks are not a part of our association and will not be participating in any such protest or austerity measure,\" said Ravindranath BR, president , Akhila Karnataka Federation of Petroleum Traders and Bangalore Petroleum Dealers Association.The association has more than 400 outlets in the city and 4,000 across Karnataka . These bunks are dealers of petroprodcuts of state-owned oil companies like IOC, Bharat Petroleum and Hindustan Petroleum .Ravindranath ruled out any retrenchment of employees due to single-shift operations as all employees will be deployed in the shift to cater to increased rush.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16815906", "title": "Man suffers 90% burns as beedi fire guts hut", "text": "JAIPUR: A 55-year-old man was admitted with 90% burn injuries after his hut caught fire while he was smoking beedi in Fauji Nagar slum area near Ambabari on Sunday. However, police said some other versions of the cause of fire have also come up which are being investigated.Police said the fire occurred around 5.30 pm. The man, identified as Nathuram Nayak, was smoking a beedi. \"It seems he dropped the beedi by mistake. It fell on some clothes lying around following which it caught fire. The fire spread within seconds,\" said a police officer.The man could not run out of the hut on time and sustained serious burn injuries. Fire fighters took him to Kanwatia Hospital in Shastri Nagar and was referred to SMS hospital. \"His condition is serious as he has sustained 90% burns. We are trying to take his statement following which the cause of fire will be confirmed,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16817578", "title": "KP Trust nod to school fee hike", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Chaos and vandalism marked the general body meeting of governing council of the KP trust here on Sunday after the office-bearers introduced a set of new proposals to be passed. Heated exchanges took place between the two rival groups even as the proposals were passed by the general body.Trust president T P Singh said proposals passed include setting up of a school for mentally retarded children, a polytechnic, swimming pool for children, coaching centre for competitive examinations and raising the enrolment fee.The above proposals have already been passed by the executive body and on Sunday they were put before the general body after which gave rise to heated arguments between the two rival groups each accusing the other of ignoring the interests of members of the community. But after the passage of proposals, office-bearers including the president left the spot while supporters of the two groups were involved in heated exchanges for quite sometime.The group opposing the president claimed their voices were not heard and they were refrained from expressing their views by supporters of the president, said Kumar Narayan and Dr Vivek Srivastava. They said the issues were not discussed properly and passed without taking their consent and ignoring the views of members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16815400", "title": "Green lies in greying Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: On James Long Sarani, rows of trees are marked out with numbers - marked out for the kill. They will be sacrificed to widen the road. There will be promises made on paper that five times the number of trees will be planted elsewhere. The promise will stay on paper.Development projects are costing Kolkata precious greenery that once lost, is gone for ever. TOI's survey of compensatory plantation for some of the major projects in recent years turned out to be a shocker.There had been no compensatory plantation for nearly 5,000 trees chopped down for transport projects.Now, the state government has taken up another development project that may cost 750 full grown trees in the next six months.The plans to cut down the trees have been finalized - even the order of their killing is set by numbers. But no one is talking of compensatory plantation yet. There are just no plans for it, admit sources.The Public Works Department (PWD) proposes to chop these trees to widen James Long Sarani. Officials have started painting numbers on trees on the entire 7.5-km stretch from the Taratala end.The road that was built in the late '80s to de-congest Behala is now heavily used as a bypass to Diamond Harbour Road. \"A proposal has come from the PWD for clearance to cut down 750 large trees. When we asked the PWD official to furnish details about the compensatory plantation, he vaguely said that they were looking for a space at Joka to plant saplings,\" a senior KMC official said.Local residents are furious and have vowed not to part with their trees. \"Once the greenery is lost from James Long Sarani, it will be lost forever. Who is going to see whether saplings are being planted at Joka,\" asked Prasenjit Bose, who owns an auto-lubricant shop.\"I have seen these trees grow. There are big and leafy simul, bakul, krishnachura and kadam trees. The green canopy that now covers James Long Sarani took 30 years to grow. And the PWD will take only six months to cut them down. This is unacceptable. Has the government ever done a survey on what the local residents want,\" said Dipankar Banerjee, a government officer.Hundreds more trees have either been cut down or will be felled to facilitate a number of infrastructure projects.Surprisingly, there has been no supervision on compensatory plantation. Neither the state forest department nor the Kolkata Municipal Corporation officials have any clue about the compensatory plantation. While, a forest department official said that the KMC was looking after the compensatory plantation, a civic official in the KMC parks department said they did not have the manpower for it.And the Metro Railway has made it clear that whenever they are in need of felling trees, they pay money to the forest department to plant saplings for loss of greenery. \"We have already paid the forest department for saplings for the loss of greenery on BT Road,\" Pratyush Ghosh, DGM (general), Metro Rail said.Green activists are alarmed by the callousness of the administration towards greenery. \"Compensatory plantation has become a farce in our city. There has been no supervision by the government or KMC,\" said Subhas Datta.Ravi Menon, president of India Tree Foundation, feels that a section of government or civic officials are hand in glove with the timber mafia that has been wreaking havoc on the city's greenery. \"We can always transplant chopped trees. Instead, orders are being given for compensatory plantation,\" Menon said. Mayor Sovan Chatterjee insists the KMC is monitoring the planting of saplings.Times ViewKolkata must protect its greeneryA city that cannot protect its greenery can never hope to break into the big league. And an administration that neglects its ecology will forever be guilty before the coming generations. Sometimes, trees may have to be sacrificed for developments projects but there has to be compensatory plantation to make up for the loss. Saplings are planted and forgotten. The city planners need to rope in experts and frame strict guidelines to protect the greenery. Chopping trees should be avoided, as far as possible. And where it isn't, agencies should be held accountable for compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16815370", "title": "Ponda food kiosks back in business", "text": "PONDA: Ponda town's roving eateries are back to business on the streets as the food and drugs administration (FDA) department has allowed them to temporarily operate on certain conditions.Twenty-seven days ago, the kiosks were banned from doing business as they did not have a FDA licence.The FDA conditions include, using disposable plates and cups to serve food items and packaged water to drink.Earlier, in a humanitarian gesture, the PMC issued them a common conditional no objection certificate (NOC) to operate. Based on this and the NOC from a health officer, the FDA has allowed them to operate, FDA food inspector Rajiv Korde told TOI.\"We have allowed the kiosks to operate for time being by ensuring some health measures. However, no kiosk has been issued any licences at present. We are going to conduct an inspection on October 23 to ascertain the maintenance of sanitation by the kiosks' operators and then only would consider them for licences,\" Korde said.The town has about 30 roving kiosks that serve food items such as 'vada-pao', 'bhel-puri', 'ras-omlet' and Chinese fast food.Speaking on conditions of anonymity, a kiosk operator said that the gap of about 27 days has affected their business badly.\"Stopping the business by the FDA has spread a wrong message about the hygienic condition of the kiosks and it has resulted in marginal decline in the number of customers visiting us,\" another kiosk operator revealed on conditions of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16815757", "title": "Poaching biggest threat to tiger relocation at Sariska", "text": "JAIPUR: The ambitious but controversial tiger relocation programme at Sariska Tiger Reserve is set to enter the next phase with the introduction of two female and a male tiger in the park before the end of winter.This will take the tiger count to 10 at Sariska. The forest department is gung ho about the plan, more so after the sighting of the first cubs recently.Everybody, though, doesn't share forest department's enthusiasm regarding the project. The debate on if Sariska is safe for tigers is on with conservationists raising concern over poaching still being a big threat.Arguments by conservationists find credence in the report of the state empowered committee on forests and wildlife management (SEC), constituted in February 2005, that stated that all the tigers in the reserve were poached.The results of a similar experiment at the Panna tiger reserve in Madhya Pradesh were an eye-opener. Following a tiger relocation programme in 2009, the reserve today boasts of 12 cubs and five adults.\"Even if numbers don't form a scale for comparison, it definitely indicates that there is something wrong with the habitat. Sariska with the vast number of villagers living inside the reserve has a much higher disturbance level,\" says conservation biologist Dharmendra Khandal of Tiger Watch.\"The hype and the support that the Sariska tiger relocation programme received was not channeled. The department should have taken more interest in preparing the habitat than just concentrating on relocating tigers,\" he says.Khandal cites the incident of leopard poaching, a couple of months ago in Sariska, to validate his concerns.\"Moreover, till sometime back they were building anicuts inside the forest with heavy machinery in a gross violation of the Wildlife Protection Act and the Supreme Court directives. There has been little effort to link the community staying inside the reserve area with the conservation programme. Thousands of pilgrims still travel through the forest to reach Pandupole and the problem of heavy traffic on the highway near the reserve is yet to be addressed,\" he says.No study has been undertaken to understand the bio-diversity of the forest, he adds.The SEC report too while raising concerns on the biotic pressure from the people and cattle living in the villages situated inside the STR and on the periphery had recommended reduction of these existing disturbances and a time bound relocation of villages.The report said: \"In Sariska, all the reasons responsible for the disappearance of tigers in toto zero in on one single factor which is that large number of villages exist inside the reserve. No successful rehabilitation of these villages has ever taken place. Therefore, poachers could take shelter here and kill tigers\"'Next phase of project is better planned'After the death of a tiger and an instance of delayed litter, lessons were finally learnt by the initiators of the relocation programme.It was a wake-up call for the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA), the Wildlife Institute of India and the state forest department to review the situation.The authorities claimed that the Phase-II of the programme will see a marked change in its approach.The attempt to introduce fresh blood from outside the state is the first attempt in this direction. The SEC (state empowered committee) report urged identification of tigers from identical/similar habitats and even mentioned Kanha tiger reserve in Madhya Pradesh for a possible animal exchange.According to A C Chaubey, chief wildlife warden, Rajasthan, this time only those tigers will be relocated which have a proven history of motherhood, a clear shift from its earlier stance of relocating only virgin tigresses. The move is aimed at warding off chances of a failed motherhood, something that did the rounds when the tigresses had failed to deliver.\"The tigress that we are narrowing down to in the Ranthambhore reserve is presently nursing its cubs. But soon they would become adults and leave. That is when we plan to relocate her,\" officials said.\"The once busy Sariska-Thanagazi road (state highway 13) doesn't witness heavy traffic now. Even the Tehla-Sariska (SH 29A) road has only a couple of state roadways buses plying on it now,\" he said. Both the moves find a mention in the SEC report that asked for \"an urgent need to close these roads, at the earliest.\"Movement has been restricted on the route leading to Pandupole with forest authorities allowing only vehicles with local registration numbers and that too on Tuesdays and Saturdays. Recently, a group of foreign tourists seeking to enter the park on the pretext of visiting the temple was denied entry.Plans are afoot to rope in the community living in and around the park to ensure better conservation of the tigers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16814662", "title": "PCR staff held for assaulting daughter", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The Ghaziabad police on Sunday arrested the radio operator deputed in the Noida police control room for allegedly harassing his 17-year-old daughter and pressuring her for having a sexual relationship with him.The victim, a Class XI student, filed the complaint after which a case was registered with Kavi Nagar police station under Sections 354 (assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 504 (intentional insult) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the IPC.The victim in her complaint had alleged that her father had tried to touch her private parts several times in the past 5-6 years and for the past few months has been pressuring her to get into a sexual relationship with him.\"When I oppose his advances, he beat me. He also threatened to stop my studies. He molested me several times and sent vulgar SMSs. He even tried to take off my clothes once when I came out of the bathroom. He also threatened my mother when I revealed the incident to her,\" the victim alleged.After the case was lodged, the victim's family had even approached police to withdraw the case. Family members had, on Saturday, said the girl registered the complaint against her father in the heat of excitement. The police refused to withdraw the case. The victim had even asked for police protection after which two security personnel, including a woman constable, were deputed for her security. Her family members also demanded that the security cover be removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16815061", "title": "Gang kidnapped IT firm top employees for ransom", "text": "GURGAON: The three top officers of an IT company were kidnapped by a gang for ransom. The arrested accused Vinod too was involved with the gang led by Manoj Hansi and used his revolver during kidnapping. Vinod is working as personal security officer (PSO) with a Delhi- based private school owner.During interrogation, Vinod disclosed the name of other three main accused in the case. Police produce Vinod in a city court on Sunday and was sent to 14-day judicial custody.After rescuing all three top officers of IT company, police teams are now conducting raids to nab the main accused Manoj Hansi and his aides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16815473", "title": "Patchy declaration of GU PhD results infuriates students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nearly 1,600 students had appeared for the PhD entrance test administered by Gujarat University. However, the university has not declared the results of all the students, a lapse which has sparked ire. Some faculties have declared a few results while others have not declared any.Aggrieved students have made a representation to GU officials to declare all results to maintain transparency and help them plan their academic career.Students said that only partial results were declared by the Gujarati faculty. Fifty-five students had appeared for the test, but the results of only 18 were declared.GU officials said that the results of only those who had also taken the National Eligibility Test and the State Eligibility Test had been declared. Students, however, said that this was a false excuse as those who have cleared the national test but not the PhD entrance test can't be admitted to a doctoral thesis course.\"There has to be transparency,\" a student said. \"We have heard that results have not been declared as there are not enough guides. We also hear that students who have relatives in senior positions at GU are being favoured by having guides allotted to them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16815654", "title": "Christians rally for burial ground plot", "text": "MUMBAI: Over 4,000 Christians from the Western suburbs converged at Kandivli (E) on Sunday evening to convince local authorities to expedite the release of land, reserved for a burial ground in Kandivli.MP Sanjay Nirupam joined the crowd and assured them that the issue would be resolved soon. The crowd made repeated requests seeking Nirupam's intervention in getting a meeting with the chief minister to express their grievances.According to Shirley Singh, trustee, United Christian Community Centre (UCCC), there is not a single burial ground in the 20-km stretch from Dahisar to Khar (East). \"Over a lakh Christians residing along the Western Express Highway face hardships burying their dead, as there is not a single burial ground for the community,\" Singh said.UCCC said that the burial space was allotted in 1997 and subsequently encroached upon. When they demanded clearance of these encroachments in 2008, BMC identified an alternate plot adjacent to it but they have not received it yet .Francis Dias, vice president of UCCC, says, \"Leave aside the poor, even the middle class cannot afford to spend on long distance travel for burial needs in normal weather. On hot and rainy days it could be worse for them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16817298", "title": "Kalpataru residents demand safety audit", "text": "PUNE: The death of a one-year-old boy due to electrocution in the garden of his apartment in Pimple Gurav on Friday has united residents who are demanding a foolproof safety audit of the housing society.The incident happened in the Kalpataru Estates phase II in Javalkarnagar, Pimple Gurav, when Sahil Wakade (13 months) came in contact with a lamp post while playing in the society garden. Apparently, the wiring was loose due to which Sahil suffered a high-voltage electric shock. Sahil was the son of army officer Major Sameer Wakade. A police complaint has been lodged.Shocked by Sahil's death, the residents of the 450-flat society have accused the builder of negligence. They have been gathering at the garden since last two days to decide the future course of action. On Sunday, the residents took out a candle march. They demanded action against people responsible for poor maintenance of the society.\"The incidence comes as a major blow for us. The residents fear that such incidents may happen again,\" said Milind Naik, who lives in the same building.Sanjay Sonekar, another resident, said they are not feeling safe in the society. \"None of the parents want to use the amenities after the Friday's accident,\" said Phulwa Rawal, a resident.Ravi Kale, who also lives in the building, said they will continue their agitation till their demands are not met. \"We want a safety audit of all buildings and amenities. The auditor should check quality of construction, electrical wiring and other facilities provided in the society. An independent third-party safety audit should be done,\" he said.Rajan Pillay, a resident, said, \"What's the use of paying for the maintenance if the building suffers from major problems like these. We will continue to hold meetings every day till the problems are solved.\"Dinesh Joshi, deputy general manager (sales) of Kalpataru Limited, told TOI on Sunday said they have initiated steps to resolve problems of the society. \"We have made attempts to communicate with society members. Our head office is in Mumbai, so the top management of the company has come to Pune. A meeting with the residents has been planned next week to consider their demands. We even conducted meetings with senior officials of our electrical department to look into the issues raised by the people. Henceforth, quarterly meetings will be held with society members to understand their issues and provide solutions,\" Joshi said.Minal Patil, assistant police inspector, Sanghvi police station, said that section 304 (a) (causing death due to negligence) of the Indian Penal Code has been invoked in the case and investigations are on.Many other complaintsThe residents of Kalpataru said they have numerous issues with regards to maintenance since long. They have sent emails, letters and also met the management members in person. The member of the society had visited Mumbai office and handed over letter which had the details of problems that the residents are facing. Another letter was given just a couple of days before the electrocution accident. The letter raised issues about faulty electrical switches, delay in society formation, solar system not working, single phasing and power supply disruptions, incomplete fencing work and paver block repairs, plastering and repairs, and leakages in walls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16816236", "title": "Police book builder for threatening woman in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police on Sunday registered a case against Ashok Kumar Yadav, a developer for allegedly criminally intimidating a woman with dire consequences over demolition of a boundary wall.Yadav with his two aides went to Devlok Colony - 2 in Dandiya area of Aliganj in the morning following a dispute with a family staying in the area over the boundary wall. A group of women assembled at the spot to support Pushpa Mishra, the complainant in the case and opposed Yadav's move. A heated argument ensued between the two groups, and both the parties decided to register their protests at the local police station.According to police, Yadav who hails from Etawah started bragging about his connections with the ruling party members and used foul language against the women at the police station in front of them.\"While Yadav claimed that the wall was unauthorised and also that he had the necessary permission to demolish the wall, he was not able to produce any documents confirming the same,\" said S Sirohi, in-charge Aliganj police station.Subsequently, Yadav, a resident of Sector 19 Indiranagar was arrested by the police. However, he was later let out on bail. The police said that it will probe the case registered by Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16819047", "title": "Vikram Bhatt revives 'Bhaag Johnny'", "text": "The director will restart the film that was shelved three years ago along with Bhushan KumarThree years ago, he kick-started a film titled Bhaag Johnny only to shelve it post a few days into the shoot. At the time, Vikram Bhatt cited creative differences with close friend-cum-director Deepak Tijori. Thereafter, Vikram and Deepak got busy with their own independent projects, leaving the movie a closed chapter more or less.Turns out T-Series head honcho Bhushan Kumar has recently stepped in to collaborate with Bhatt to give the film a fresh lease of life. A source told us, \"Vikram has decided to take Bhaag Johnny forward and will supervise the project. Bhushan Kumar will produce the film and has already started preparations to find the right people for it.\"Vikram, who was in London recently to celebrate the success of his latest film Raaz3, took on the task of finalising the cast and crew. Significantly, this time round, the film won't be directed by Deepak. \"It will be directed by Prashant Chadda ( Aazaan, Aap Kaa Surroor ) and will have Kunal Khemu in the lead. Apart from the title which remains Bhaag Johnny, everything else about the film will be different,\" the source said.When contacted, Vikram Bhatt confirmed the news and said, \"It's a fabulous title and we had it with us. So we will beusingit. Otherwise, it's an altogether new project.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16814616", "title": "\u2018AP State Minorities Finance Corporation scam money used for business\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: It appears that Ch VK Sai Kumar, the prime accused in the Rs 55.47-crore AP State Minorities Finance Corporation (APSMFC) scam, had big plans of roping in none other than President Pranab Mukherjee for the launch of his brainchild 'One Nation, One Card' (ONOC). But those plans have now gone for a toss.Surprisingly, the website 'onenationonecard.com' has gone offline in the last couple of days. Sai Kumar, who is the managing director of OneCard Techno Services, reportedly collected lakhs of rupees from several persons upon the promise of making them ONOC franchisees. A couple of these persons have reportedly approached the Crime Investigation Department (CID) saying that they had paid Rs 10 lakh to Sai Kumar.\"After Sai Kumar's arrest in connection with the APSMFC fraud, several persons associated with the One Nation, One Card venture have approached us with fears over the future of the project. We have information that the misappropriated funds from APSMFC was used for the ONOC enterprise. There are several unanswered questions; It is only after we have questioned Sai Kumar and others linked to the case that we will have the answers,\" a CID source told TOI. Sai Kumar even cashed in on the grand event organised in August for the launch of ONOC by cricketer Sourav Ganguly . He made money by selling tickets to the function which was held at Novotel through prominent entertainment ticket-booking websites.Sleuths suspect that there might be a few more Vijaya Bank employees who might have been hand in glove with the scamsters besides the already arrested Naveen Sagar, the assistant manager of the bank's branch in Karnataka's Raichur. Officials said that those may come to light upon proper verification of the documents submitted by the culprits.The culprits opened a current account using forged documents at Vijaya Bank's Koti branch in the name of the AP State Minorities Finance Corporation with the help of Naveen Sagar who received Rs 10 lakh for his services.Sleuths have found APSMFC officials guilty of having neglected periodical audits. On Saturday, former APSMFC managing director Ilyas Rizvi was suspended for the fraud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814884", "title": "It\u2019s a bumpy ride on the BRT", "text": "NEW DELHI: Travelling on the Ambedkar Nagar-Moolchand bus rapid transit (BRT) corridor has become an obstacle course. Huge potholes in the main carriageways, broken bollards along the cycle track, uprooted speed-breakers and chunks of the kerbstone missing on the dedicated bus lane can be found along the 5.8km stretch. Neither Delhi integrated multi-modal transit system, the agency in charge of the BRT, nor the transport department seem to be able to maintain the corridor.The abject condition of the corridor has led to problems with traffic management as well. With huge potholes marking the road, especially near the main Chirag Dilli intersection, vehicles jostle for space as they try to avoid them.The area right next to the bus queue shelter at Chirag Dilli intersection - on the Moolchand side - is especially crowded as two-wheelers and buses crisscross to avoid the depression on the road. Even more alarming are the chunks of kerbstones that are missing along the dedicated lane, allowing vehicles to jump into the bus lane. With enforcement turning out to be ineffective along the stretch - lines of four-wheelers can be seen in the dedicated lane during peak hours, the traffic along the corridor bears the brunt of the lack of proper maintenance, say daily commuters.\"Maintenance is the agency's responsibility, and we carry out daily inspections. However, the wear and tear on the stretch is much higher compared to other roads as the volume of traffic is massive,\" said a DIMTS official.A look at its corridor inspection report over the past two months shows that the maximum action taken has been for road depressions on the motor vehicle lane, followed by repeated work on the missing kerbstones on the bus lane. Damaged railings, bollards and speed breakers, however, don't seem to have made it to the must-do list very often. The damage to the bus queue shelter - at Andrews Ganj due to an accident over two months ago, is also pending maintenance. \"The central kerbstone is an issue because we have tried repairing it several times but miscreants have destroyed it every time,\" said the DIMTS official. Also, the construction of the new kerbstone needs to be cured over several days, which is not possible as the corridor can't be shut for repair work, the official added.As per the agreement with Delhi government, DIMTS maintains the assets in the BRT stretch, which includes the road, bus queue shelters, signages, railings, street lights, footpaths, street furniture and landscaping. For this work, the agency is reimbursed by the transport department. According to officials, over the past years, Rs 3.5 crore has been spent annually on the upkeep of the BRT corridor, which stretches till Delhi Gate. The operational part though, is only the 5.8km between Ambedkar Nagar and Moolchand.\"All aspects of maintenance are with DIMTS, which not only controls the traffic management including deployment of marshals but also the condition of services on the road. Even the deployment of the crane at the corridor has been paid for by the transport department. It pays Rs 60,000 for it,\" said a transport department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814396", "title": "MCI to put ragging charges on transfer certificates", "text": "NEW DELHI: The all important migration and transfer certificates, issued to students of medical colleges/institutes/universities will now have an entry, apart from those relating to general conduct and behaviour, saying whether the student has been punished for committing or abetting ragging or not.The certificate will also mention whether the student has displayed persistent violent or aggressive behaviour or any inclination to harm others.Dealing with ragging with an iron fist, the Medical Council of India (MCI) has written to medical institutes across India reminding them that ragging is a criminal offence. It has also forwarded regulations framed by the MCI on ways to curb ragging to all institutes.This, they said, will help medical colleges \"prohibit, prevent and eliminate the scourge of ragging\".According to the 'Prevention and Prohibition of Ragging in Medical Colleges/Institutions Regulations', freshers who do not report incidents of ragging either as victims or as witnesses shall also be punished.MCI has also introduced the concept of collective punishment. It says when those committing or abetting the crime of ragging are not identified, the institution will have to resort to collective punishment.Making the head of institutions liable, the MCI has decided to impose a fine of Rs 1 lakh for each incident of ragging payable by the erring medical college to an authority designated by the government.It will also declare the erring medical college as not having the minimum academic standards through a public notice posted on the MCI website.Medical colleges will now have to conduct anonymous random surveys of freshers every fortnight, during the first three months of the academic year, to verify whether the campus is indeed free of ragging or not.MCI says that because college canteens and hostel messes are places where ragging often takes place, the employers/employees of the canteens/mess shall be given instructions to keep strict vigil and to report incidents.Access to mobile phones shall be unrestricted in hostels and campuses, except in class-rooms, seminar halls and library. MCI has sent these new regulations on ragging to all medical colleges across India for immediate implementation.The provision says, \"The burden of proof shall lie on the perpetrator of ragging and not on the victim. The institution shall file an FIR with the police whenever a case of ragging is reported, but continue with its own enquiry and other measures without waiting for action on the part of the police. Depending upon the nature and gravity of the offence as established by the anti-ragging committee of the institution, the possible punishments for those found guilty of ragging at the institution level shall be any one or any combination of the following: suspension from attending classes, withholding/withdrawing scholarship/fellowship, debarring from appearing in any examinations, suspension/expulsion from the hostel and a fine of Rs 25,000 to Rs 1 lakh.\"The MCI added, \"Freshers' welcome parties shall be organized in each department by the senior students and the faculty together soon after admissions, preferably within the first two weeks of the beginning of the academic session, for proper introduction to one another and where the talents of the freshers are brought out properly in the presence of the faculty, thus helping them to shed their inferiority complex, if any, and remove their inhibitions.\"Admission advertisement will have to clearly mention that ragging is totally banned/prohibited in the medical college and anyone found guilty of ragging is liable to be punished. The brochure of admission/instruction booklet for candidates will have to print in block letters these regulations in full. The 'prospectus' and other admission related documents shall also have to incorporate all directions of the Supreme Court so that the candidates and their parents are sensitized in respect of the prohibition and consequences of ragging.\"The application form for admission shall have a printed undertaking, in English/Hindi and in one of the regional languages that will have to be filled up and signed by the candidate to admit that the student is aware of the law regarding prohibition of ragging as well as the punishments. They will also have to declare that he/she has not been expelled or debarred from admission by any institution due to ragging,\" the MCI said.Medical colleges will now have to arrange for regular and periodic psychological counseling and orientation for students (for freshers separately, as well as jointly with seniors) by professional counselors during the first three months of the new academic year. This has to be done at the institution with parents and teachers being involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16815265", "title": "Couple held for employing minor", "text": "CALANGUTE: A couple was arrested recently by the Calangute police for employing a minor girl as a maid servant against the provisions of the Goa Childrens Act. The rescued victim has been sent to Apna Ghar.An offence was registered following a complaint by chairperson of the state commission for the protection of child rights in Goa. According to the complaint, a couple Ganesh and Saku Powar, residing at Baga, had brought a minor girl aged 12 years from Gadag, Karnataka, and had employed her as a maid servant for household work from July to October at a monthly salary of 2,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16815752", "title": "Trains running packed in festival season", "text": "JAIPUR: With the Navratras starting Tuesday, a huge rush was seen at the ticket counters of the Jaipur railway station with people trying to get last-minute bookings to return home.Trains to cities like Mumbai, Howrah, Ahmedabad and Vadodara are running full till the next month-and-a-half. Even the special trains started by the North Western Railways (NWR) are finding it hard to accommodate the huge rush.Sample this: for someone planning a journey to Vadodara for the Navratras, the waiting list for trains, including the Arawali Express, are running up to 171 in the sleeper class category. Even for AC three tier and AC two tier, the waiting lists are long.\"There are no confirmed reservations for Varodara from Jaipur till Diwali,\" said a railway reservation clerk. Others trains to Ahmedabad and Mumbai are also running packed from October 16-20.The situation is no different for those planning to go to Kolkata during the Durga Puja festival. \"The reservation status for Jodhpur-Howrah Express shows the waiting list for sleeper class crossing 187, while for the third and second AC it's 130 and 110 respectively,\" an official said.Several passengers have also requested for bookings under the emergency quota.\"A person is given a ticket under the emergency quota when one has to visit a place for a job interview, attend to ailing relatives or the mourning of a relative. Every train has certain seats available under the quota,\" said an official at the commercial wing of the Jaipur division of NWR.Owing to the festive rush, several are trying the quota route to get train tickets.\"We are getting almost 300 applications everyday for various trains. If a train has an emergency quota of five sleeper berths, we are getting 50-60 applications against it,\" the official added.The NWR has introduced at least a dozen holiday specials including Jaipur - Ahmedabad, Bikaner-Delhi Sarai Rohilla, Jaipur- Sriganganagar, and added more coaches to other trains to accommodate the rush.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16819118", "title": "To Keira Knightley, Hollywood star, from an NRI mom", "text": "Dear Ms Knightley,You are a very successful young lady and while I can fault you as an actress in that you have a single expression for every dramatic situation, I won't dwell on it (not too much anyway) because I wish to spare your feelings. Not a consideration you extended to me when you said to 'Vogue' recently, \"Would I want to be a stay-at-home mother? No. On the other hand, you should be allowed to do that without being sneered at.\"You say the world shouldn't sneer at stay-at-home moms, and then do exactly that! Looking down your long, rapier-sharp nose at us (we should be flattered, you give your leading men the same look), you imply that we are befuddled, downtrodden and dim. You then suggest that staying home with young children is somehow at odds with feminism.Aren't you making sweeping generalisations about a large section of humanity? In the UK alone, there are nearly two million of us. Actresses may be classified into three broad categories, the good, the bad and the Knightley, but stay-at-home moms are too diverse to pigeonhole. They are at home with their kids for all sorts of reasons. I know it will shock you to your Jimmy Choos to discover they have chosen to spend their time nurturing their young because they believe, backed by research and received wisdom, that a mother's care is essential for children in their formative years.I am, of course, talking of middle class moms in a position to choose. I wouldn't presume to speak for the millions of women around the world who are either forced to work whatever the circumstance, or not allowed to work at all. Unlike your pronouncements about a state completely alien to you (motherhood), I can only speak for stay-at-home moms like me who chose freely to be with their offspring in their sapling years, and whose partners were willing and able to support them financially.Nor can I fight the traditional stay-at-home mom's corner because that degree of sacrifice is beyond me. I left a well-paid job to have my beloved babies and bring them up myself, but I have every intention of resurrecting my career the minute they are both in school. In fact, with my younger child poised to join school later this year, I have already begun working from home, because I have intellectual needs that my little ones, no matter how bright they are (and they are super-bright) can meet. Studies also support a mother's return to work as a positive development, as an independent, accomplished mom is the best possible role model for her school-going children.My silo is smaller still because I am an NRI mom. Not a naturally resilient and inexhaustible mom (that, we all are), but a non-resident Indian mom, bringing up her children a million miles from home. I didn't expect to rear my children without my family's help, in a foreign country where I may be more wary of leaving them with paid sitters than I would have been in India (though I know I would have wanted to spend their first two years with them wherever I was). The fact is, inclination and circumstance colluded to make me a stay-at-home mom and though I'm itching to loosen the apron strings a little now, I don't regret a single magical moment I've spent with them.My kids will always be my priority but as they grow and develop a wider circle of support, I can do my own thing as well.So Ms Knightley, I don't speak for every stay-at-home mom but I do represent a few thousand more than you (because you represent only you, just like you only ever play you)! Despite your attempt to cast us as some obscure and incomprehensible cult, 30% of American mothers prefer to stay at home and a whopping 62% would like to work part-time so they neglect neither their children nor their personal growth. It may be too much of a stretch for your imagination, but it's easy to see why most mothers want to nurture their children till they can fend for themselves, and some of us are lucky enough to do it.And we're certainly not doormats! Middle class stay-at- home moms have made an informed and independent decision to spend a few highly valuable, intensely delightful years with the people who matter most. No-one tells us what to do, least of all, an inexperienced flibbertigibbet like you.Dim we ain't either, ingenious thinking-on-one's-feet was invented by moms! We have the heart and imagination to take the work skills that made us successful, and put it to use in giving our children the best possible start in life. Many of us will know success in the workplace again. Some of those who decide not to return will do so, not because they can't hack it, but because they already do the hardest job in the world and get paid in their preferred currency- filial love.We don't need directors to guide us, Ms Knightley, and one day you too will be capable of independent action. Stay-at-home moms are very often strong, clear-sighted, intelligent, independent women who make it work for themselves and the people dearest to them. If that isn't feminism, what is?If I can't convince you, perhaps Julia Roberts can? Twice as luminous and accomplished as you even after her self-imposed sabbatical, she has quietly and expertly managed the demands of motherhood and superstardom. These days, she makes only the occasional well-chosen movie, devoting the rest of her time to her young children; a star not only to her legions of fans but also to her little family.Most importantly, with more right to opinions on motherhood than you, Julia's never felt the need to inflict them on us. So, when it comes to matters you know nothing about, mum's the word, Ms Knightley!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16817285", "title": "16,000 cases of avascular necrosis each year", "text": "PUNE: When 25-year-old housewife, Sudha, started experiencing radiating pain from groin to thigh, she first dismissed it as another symptom of over-exertion and fatigue. The pain, however, increased to the extent that painkillers given by a general practitioner ceased to give any relief.After being examined, she was diagnosed with stage III avascular necrosis in the right hip, a predominant cause of hip arthritis. Her medical history showed that she had been administered corticosteroid eye drops for more than two months for an unusual eye infection she had one-and-a-half year ago.Similarly, a 35-year-old banking professional started limping and gradually developed pain in both the hip joints and was not able to stand for more than 15 minutes. Following investigations, he was diagnosed with bilateral stage II avascular necrosis. His history showed that he had been consuming alcohol at least three days a week for the last eight years.The common thread in both the cases was avascular necrosis of the hip - a predominant cause of hip arthritis. However, the two most prominent causes of non-traumatic avascular necrosis commonly seen are excessive consumption of alcohol and prolonged and indiscriminate use of corticosteroid.\"Avascular necrosis is a disease that results from temporary or permanent loss of blood supply to the bone. When blood supply is cut off, the bone tissues die and the bone collapses. Avascular necrosis is a bilateral affliction. Fifty per cent of the hip replacement cases are due to avascular necrosis,\" said orthopaedic and joint replacement surgeon Parag Sancheti. Blood flow to a section of the bone can be interrupted if it is fractured or the joint becomes dislocated. Avascular necrosis is also associated with long-term use of high-dose steroid medications and excessive intake of alcohol, he added.Sancheti said, \"Corticosteroids, such as prednisone, are commonly used to treat diseases in which there is inflammation, such as rheumatoid arthritis , inflammatory bowel disease, and vasculitis. Studies suggest that long-term, systemic (oral or intravenous) use of corticosteroid is associated with 35% of all cases of non-traumatic avascular necrosis. However, there is no known risk of avascular necrosis associated with the limited use of steroids under a doctor's guidance.\"Corticosteroids may interfere with the body's ability to break down fatty substances. These substances then build up and clog the blood vessels, narrowing them. This reduces the amount of blood that goes to the bone, he added.\"Some studies suggest that corticosteroid-related avascular necrosis is more severe and more likely to affect both hips (when occurring in the hip) than avascular necrosis resulting from other causes,\" Sancheti said.Similarly, in people who drink excessive amount of alcohol, fatty substances may block blood vessels, causing a decreased blood supply to the bones that results in avascular necrosis, he added.In most countries, the exact figures on incidence and prevalence of avascular necrosis are not known. \"A Japanese survey estimated that 2,500 to 3,300 cases of AVN of the hip occur each year; of which, 34.7% were a result of corticosteroid abuse, 21.8% due to alcohol abuse, and 37.1% due to idiopathic (unknown) mechanisms,\" Sancheti said.\"In India, we see about 16,000 new cases of avascular necrosis every year, which eventually will require total hip replacement surgery at some point of time. The average age for patients with avascular necrosis is around 32 yrs,\" Sancheti said.\"The most common joint affected by avascular necrosis is the hip. Avascular necrosis worsens with time, managing it is a lifelong process,\" said another orthopaedic surgeon, Kiran Shete, founder director of Spinalogy Clinic that stresses on non-surgical treatment.Some people experience avascular necrosis bilaterally - for example, in both hips or in both knees. Signs and symptoms may appear suddenly if caused by an injury. In other cases, the pain and stiffness may build up slowly over several months, Shete said.The amount of disability that is resultant in sufferers of avascular necrosis depends on which part of the bone has been affected, how large the affected area is, and how effectively the bone is able to rebuild itself.\"With early diagnosis and proper treatment, most people with avascular necrosis can lead almost normal, productive lives,\" Shete said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16817543", "title": "Sena for more ginger extraction plants", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh agriculture minister Setong Sena has called for setting up of more ginger oleoresin extraction plants in ginger-producing areas of the state to create a viable market for ginger farmers.Sena visited the ginger oleoresin extraction plant, Kryptokroma, at Chandan Nagar industrial estate near here on Saturday.The minister assured that the state government would provide all possible support in creating a link between farmers and traders in this regard as such initiatives would help realize chief minister Nabam Tuki's vision of creating employment for youths in agriculture and allied sectors. tnnKryptokroma is an export-oriented unit for producing ginger oleoresins, and the first of its kind in the northeast region, informed Kiran Mehta, the firm's representative.Oleoresin represents the complete flavour profile of ginger and is widely used in soups, sauces, chutneys, dressings, dairy products, baked foods, confectionery, snacks, beverages and pharmaceutical products, Mehta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16820318", "title": "Employers grin at people who lack authority", "text": "Those who feel powerful at work tend not to smile back at important people and instead save their smiles for those below them in the pecking order, researchers say.\"Our interpretation of this is that when you are feeling powerful and see a low-status person, you are almost throwing them a bone, thinking \"Oh, I should smile at this person because I'm better than them\",\" the Daily Mail quoted Evan Carr from the University of California as saying.It is well known that we tend to mimic other people's body language, but in the study Carr wanted to see how we copy facial expressions and whether power and status are important.For the study, he asked 55 young men and women to write about a time when they felt powerful or powerless.They were then hooked up to equipment that measures the activity of key facial muscles, and were asked to watch short video clips of people with jobs with different levels of prestige, who were smiling or frowning at them.As they watched, the equipment measured the activity of the zygomaticus major - the 'smiling muscle' that raises the corner of the mouth.It also gave readouts for the corrugator supercilii, the 'frowning muscle' that furrows the brow and is frozen by Botox.The results showed that the volunteers were more likely to scowl in response to a frown from a doctor or someone in a position of power and these frowns were also more intense.But it was the volunteers' responses to smiling faces that were really telling.The men and women who felt powerful tended not to smile back at high-fliers but they did return the smiles of those who were lower down the pecking order and their smiles were bigger.Meanwhile, those who felt powerless smiled at everyone, regardless of their rank.The researchers think that people who feel powerful try to exert their dominance by not appearing too friendly to those who might be a threat. They have no such qualms about appearing approachable to those who lack authority.The findings of the study were presented at the Society for Neuroscience's annual conference in New Orleans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16815778", "title": "Kin, friends rally for man held in uncle\u2019s murder case", "text": "MUMBAI: Family and friends of Shahzeb Khan (20), who is in police custody for the murder of his uncle, who is producer Sajid Nadiadwala's father-in-law, carried out a rally in his support in Versova on Sunday. Supporters said the deceased, Aziz-ul-Rehman Khan, killed himself due to depression and Shahzeb wasn't guilty.Cops said the probe is in progress. More than 100 people gathered at Shahzeb's Saurabh Apartments, carrying placards that read 'Shahzeb is innocent'.The accused's aunt, Asma, said Shahzeb was talking to her inside their fourth-floor flat when Khan fell off the building. According to her, Shahzeb's brother, Keezer, had opened the door of their flat to pick up the newspaper on Tuesday morning, when he saw Khan heading towards the terrace. Shahzeb asked Keezar why he hadn't invited Khan inside the house. Keezar replied that Khan did not wish to come in. Shahzeb resumed his conversation with his aunt when they heard a loud thud. On rushing outside, they spotted Khan on the ground. \"Shahzeb took Khan to the hospital with two of his friends. On his way, Khan held on to Shahzeb's hand. Khan told Shahzeb that he had jumped off,\" said Asma.According to Asma, Khan's family arrived at the hospital only at 11.15am. Khan's son, Mohsin, told cops that the deceased had been murdered. Shahzeb was arrested later. Cops said Khan and Shahzeb's father, Khalid, had a longstanding property dispute. \"Khan was allegedly pushed to death by Shahzeb. We have registered a case on the basis of Mohsin's statement,\" the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16816872", "title": "Watch out for alloy thefts, warn cops", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Drivers, lock up your alloys as police warn of growing car-theft trend in Chandigarh and Panchkula.Finding it hard to steal parked cars equipped with hi-tech central locking system, gear locks and other gadgets, thieves have started stealing wheels especially alloy wheels of parked cars. In most of these cases, the thieves have got away with all four wheels, and owners have come out in the morning to find their cars resting on the floor or on bricksA total 11 thefts where thieves stole 23 wheels have been reported in Chandigarh and Panchkula during the past two months, with the same modus operandi in all the incidents. In three of the incidents, reported in Chandigarh, thieves also decamped with the wheels of motorcycles in Manimajra and Sector 19.Rajesh Kumar of Manimajra said, \"I had parked my new Alto outside my house on October 8 and when I woke up the next morning I found my car standing on small pillars of bricks without wheels.\" Interestingly, the list of victims is only growing bigger and culprits getting boulder with each passing day, as the list of victims also includes the name of a senior official of CBI whose car wheels were stolen from the parking lot of CBI Headquarters in Sector 30.Another victim Rajinder Puri of Sector 41 said, \"I had installed two rear alloys wheels in my car recently and thieves stole these during the intervening night of October 6 and 7.\" A fresh case was reported from Sector 15 in Panchkula, where thieves decamped with four wheels of Gaurav Narang's car on Saturday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16820097", "title": "Gundello Godari audio in Oct 17", "text": "The audio songs of Gundello Godari (Maranthen Mannithen in Tamil) will be released on October 17 in Hyderabad. The film, which is currently wrapping up the post production works, will be released simultaneously in Telugu and Tamil versions and has cinematography by Palanikumaar.Gundello Godari casts Aadi, Lakshmi Manchu, Sundeep Kishan and Tapsee in the lead roles. Kumar Nagendra is wielding the megaphone for the film, which is being made under Manchu Entertainments banner. The film is set in the backdrop of 1986 Godavari floods, and to reflect such an ambience, the makers have erected an eco-friendly set. Maestro Ilayaraja is scoring the music.Recently, superstar Rajinikanth congratulated the entire team and appreciated Lakshmi Manchu in particular for choosing such a novel script.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "16817515", "title": "Joint MLA forum in Delhi to discuss Indo-Naga issue", "text": "DIMAPUR: In an effort to find a solution to the Indo-Naga problem before the next general elections, a 20-member team of the Joint Legislators' Forum left for Delhi on Sunday to meet Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde.Talking to media persons at Dimapur Airport, Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio said: \"This will be our last concerted effort. Individually, we have been meeting and talking. It is very difficult to come together and meet.\"Besides Shinde, the team - comprising members of the Naga Peoples Front and the Congress - is planning to meet leader of the opposition party Sushma Swaraj , JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav and NCP chief Sharad Pawar . The interlocutor in the Naga peace talks, RS Pandey, is likely to meet them in a couple of days.Several rounds of talks with the Centre since August 1997, when NSCN(IM) declared ceasefire, have failed to provide a solution to end the Indo-Naga struggle. The emergence of NSCN factions has only added to the complications in finding a solution.The chief minister hoped for some news of progress in talks with the Centre. \"We are more on the listening side, getting information from them,\" he said, adding, \"if they ask we will definitely share our views.\"When asked about Shinde's announcement about possible talks on the matter in March next year, Rio said he would not comment before talking to the minister.However, he said elections would be announced by the first week of January, and once announced by the Election Commission, the process has to proceed. So March would not be a convenient time for tabling te issue. \"if they go to March, that means, there would be time for election,\" he said.Rio further said what the Centre has to publicly announced, they have to tell the people.\"Our wish is to find a solution before the general election. So, now we are counting on the wisdom of the Centre,\" the chief minister said.When asked whether they would meet Manmohan Singh , Rio said the Prime Minister has been informed about the visit of the joint forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16815161", "title": "Flyers in small aircraft face a risk of oxygen shortage", "text": "MUMBAI:It is a small but significant detail that air passengers are not aware of\u2014and it could even mean the difference between life and death for some.If you are in a turboprop aircraft like a Bombardier Q400 or an ATR, oxygen masks in these flying machines are not deployed automatically during an emergency. In such situations \u2014when oxygen levels in the cabin dip, making it hard to breathe\u2014passengers in these aircraft are expected to make do with poor oxygen supply for a maximum of four minutes, which is something a healthy person can endure. But you could be in trouble if you have an asthma condition or a pulmonary or cardiac problem or are severely anaemic; ditto if you are a heavy smoker, a senior citizen or are flying with a baby.Turboprop aircraft (which use a non-jet engine to drive a propeller) like Bombardier Q400 have no oxygen masks for passengers.One has to call for help and the flight attendant is expected to rush with an oxygen cylinder which has masks attached. In the case of an ATR aircraft, the flight attendant will have to come to your row and manually deploy the oxygen mask, which is available only for 25% of passengers. Turboprops are the comparatively small aircraft, with a carrying capacity of 40-70 passengers, that fly on short domestic routes like Mumbai-Surat, Mumbai-Mangalore, Chennai-Kozhikode and Hyderabad-Kozhikode. There are about 38 such turboprop aircraft with three airlines in India and on an average these operate about 120 domestic flights a day.All aircraft that fly above 13,000 feet need to be \"pressurized'' to keep atmospheric pressure and oxygen at levels comfortable to human beings. So the cabin altitude is maintained at about 7,000 to 10,000 feet, although the actual altitude of the aircraft could be much higher. When a pressurization problem occurs, the aircraft is brought down to 13,000 feet or lower as at these lower altitudes passengers can breathe normally even if the pressurization system in an aircraft is not functioning properly.Aircraft like ATR and Q400s can fly only up to 25,000 feet. Aircraft manufacturers reason that these aircraft can be put in a rapid descent and brought down to 13,000 feet in about four minutes if a pressurization problem occurs. Consequently, they have not paid much attention to the need for oxygen masks for passengers. Aviation regulators in Canada and Europe (where these two aircraft are manufactured) and in India too do not consider it much of a problem.\"The most significant issue here is that the health status of the passenger decides how well he/she can handle such a situation,'' said Dr Anil Mehra, CEO of India Aeromedical services, an air ambulance company. \"Even an altitude of 13,000 feet is not comfortable for patients with compensatory cardiovascular system or severe anaemia or similar conditions,'' he added.Captain Mohan Ranganathan, member Civil Aviation Safety Advisory Council, who brought the matter to the notice of the director general of civil aviation last week, said: \"The aviation regulator should have taken the passengers' health and safety into consideration rather than blindly clearing the aircraft for flight without the protection. It is surprising that airlines do not inform the passengers about this in the safety card.'' He cited a NASA report on an incident that occurred in November 2011 in the US when a Q400 aircraft climbing to 14,000 feet experienced pressurization problem. \"All on board, including the crew, experienced severe discomfort, so this is not an unimportant issue,'' he added.Reacting to these concerns, a Jet Airways spokesperson told TOI, \"The ATR have been duly approved by aviation regulators worldwide after adherence to the strictest safety parameters and have as good a safety record as any other aircraft flying internationally. The safety card onboard the ATR does indicate the presence of oxygen masks and also outline how guests should utilize the same incase of an emergency. Additionally, given the nature of the aircraft and its deployment on short haul commuter routes, the ATR aircraft tend to have a very low cruising altitude and so it is not very difficult for cabin crew to assist guests with the manual deployment of the oxygen masks after the aircraft reaches safe flying levels.\"Alliance Air and SpiceJet sought more time to respond.While ATR aircraft have oxygen masks for 25% of passengers, these are not automatically deployed when the cabin pressure falls and the oxygen levels decrease. \"Cabin crew members are expected to go to each passenger row and manually deploy the oxygen masks,'' said a source. The problem here is that the passenger safety card illustrates that oxygen masks will be deployed automatically, which is not the case.In the case of Bombardier Q400 aircraft, there are no oxygen masks for passengers at all. The aircraft has portable oxygen cylinders with masks attached and cabin crew is expected to go to the passengers facing difficulty with breathing. \"It is surprising that the aviation regulators have allowed passenger aircraft to operate without oxygen masks,'' said a commander. \"I'm sure not a single passenger knows that in turboprop aircraft they should be prepared to face breathing difficulties in case of depressurization emergency,'' he added.Said Dr Mehra: \"There are no straight answers here, how well can a passenger cope with this depends on the amount of acclimatization he/she has gone through. But I definitely feel there should be individual oxygen masks for everyone on board these aircraft. In the event, it is best to keep all fingers crossed.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16816365", "title": "College portals present a sorry site", "text": "RANCHI: Most colleges in the city have a website that is either not updated or doesn't have vital links. When a student tries to access the website of a particular college, s/he invariably ends coming across a blank page or news that is dated.Preeti Kumari, a student of Marwari College said, \"I opened the college website to check out the holiday schedule but all I found was a blank page that said 'this account has been suspended'. In such a situation, we have no option but to visit the college office even for the smallest of information.\"The website of Ranchi Women's College tells a similar story. \"Only three links out of 11 are functional on the website,\" moaned Priyanka Singh, a college studentThe holiday calendar of Gossner College is caught in a time warp displaying the holidays of July. Ranchi College's website does not have the vital links like notices, placement cells and announcements.Md Rashid, studying at St Xavier's College said, \"The websites can become a great place for interaction. You can also avail a lot of information here free of cost. But, unfortunately, the colleges in our city have not kept pace with technology.\" These nearly defunct websites posed a major problem for students seeking admissions to Ranchi colleges this year.Manyata Vashishta, a student of Jamshedpur said, \"I wanted to move to Ranchi for a degree in fashion designing as I was told that some colleges here offer really good courses. But when I tried to look up the college websites for more information, I didn't find any. Exasperated, I gave up the idea of going to Ranchi altogether.\"Manju Sinha, the principal of Women's College, said, \"The website has not been updated due to technical problems. It will be functional very soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16816899", "title": "National University of Judical Sciences, Kolkata emerges winner", "text": "BHOPAL: West Bengal National University of Judical Sciences (NUJS), Kolkata, won the overall best team title in the International mediation Competition, organised at National law Institute University on Sunday. Ritika Banerjee of Hidaytullah National Law University was adjudged the best mediator of the competition.In the finals, teams of Drake Law School, Iowa, US, Gujarat National Law University (GNLU), Amity Law School, Noida and NUJS Kolkata made it to the top four.The mediators were from NUJS Kolkata, HNLU, Raipur , ILS, Pune and NLU, Delhi. The problem for the contest was based on an agreement between professors from a university licensing a technology to company that installs solar panels for domestic use.The matches were quite interesting as the problem was a bit complicated and it was possible that a stale mate could have happened. After all the suspense and the excitement, NUJS, Kolkata emerged the best overall team. They won a cash prize of Rs 30,000. In the individual category, Ritika Banerjee from HNLU won best mediator. She won the cash prize of Rs 10,000. Second best team was Drake University Law School, Iowa, which received an award of Rs 20,000.NLIU's director, professor S S Singh in his address thanked the participants and the students for the successfully conducting the competition. Student Prateek Mishra and professor Suryaprakash also released a book, edited by them, having essays on mediation and negotiation.The interesting final match took place between Amity, Noida and NUJS, Kolkata. NUJS offered novel solutions to the problem, including creative ideas such as internship offers, stake in the company, investment in infrastructure and others.The judges, including president of the International Academy of Dispute Resolution (INADR) were pleased with the performance of the teams. In the valedictory session, president of INADR thanked NLIU Bhopal for hosting the event.Certificates were distributed and the judges were also given a token of gratitude in form of a memento. Professor Suryaprakash, in his speech, put across a proposal of setting up a mediation centre in the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16817221", "title": "UGC to relax rules for selection of heads in state universities", "text": "CHENNAI: TheUniversity Grants Commission (UGC) has decided to relax norms for selection of vice-chancellors in state universities . UGC chairman Ved Prakashsaidon Sundaythe movefollowed requestsfrom severalstate governments to ease the standards.There has been speculation for more than a month now that selection norms would be relaxed . He said from now , selections norms prescribed by the UGC will not be mandatory for the state-run universities . Speaking at the 75th convocation of Dakshina BharatHindi Prachar Sabha Madras in the city , Prakash said it was the responsibility of the state to maintain quality and transparency in theVC-selection process .The present UGC norms insistthat a VCcandidateshouldbe an academician with a minimum of ten yearsexperience as professor in a university system or 10 years of experience in an equivalent position in a reputed research and /or academic administrative organization . With the recent move , these norms would no morebe mandatory .Refusing to comment on allegations that political interference plays a major role in appointment to VC posts , Prakash said the decision was taken because several states had sought freedom in carrying out appointment of university heads . He, however , he refused to clarify if there was a request from the TamilN adu government .Senior professors and academics in the state say the move will only facilitate more corruption . Tamil Nadu , for instance , has a dubious record in VC selection over the last decade . Recently , a VC seeking favours fell at the feet of a politician . Another was suspended on corruption charges .In a thirdinstance , a VC's residence was raided by anti-corruption sleuths.A Narayanan , an academician who has filed several petitions seeking transparency in the appointments of VCs and registrars in thestateuniversitiessaidthe reason for relaxing norms remains unknown . \"We've had VCs who knew how to find their way to the top post overnight . They are either relatives of politicians or someone from a dominant caste . When money , caste and political power decides VCs and registrar posts , UGC relaxation will further decaythesystem ,\" he said .Ved Prakash refuted reports of cancelling the autonomy of Madras Christian College . \"MCC has submitted all the documents wesoughtfor verification andthe autonomy was put on hold only till we complete the verification process ,\" hesaid .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16815282", "title": "Ticketing in Kadamba transport corporation buses to go hi-tech", "text": "PANAJI: Soon, passengers travelling by Kadamba buses will receive printed tickets with details such as the passenger's destination, distance travelled and fare.Government-run Kadamba Transport Corporation (KTC) will soon introduce portable ticketing machines for its buses. Carlos Almeida, chairman of KTC, said that \"the corporation would soon be procuring the portable ticketing units for its buses.\"The portable units, which are similar in size to a debit card swipe machine, will be given to KTC conductors/drivers who will issue printed tickets to passengers through the units.The machines are expected to reduce the malpractices such as non-issuing of tickets by conductors and under-recovery of ticket charges, felt Almeida.\"The proposal for the procurement of the machines has been approved by the KTC board and has been sent to the government for final approval,\" said S Ghate, deputy general manager (traffic), KTC.He noted that there will be less paperwork once the units are in place as the system will be totally computerised and the units will generate management information system (MIS) reports which will provide data such as passenger load and category of passengers (students, senior citizens) per route, which days and hours passenger load is more, revenue from each route among other details.\"Presently, the data is available after two months. With the machines it will be available at the click of a button, he noted.Each unit will cost 5,500. Around 400 units will be procured for the KTC's fleet of buses at an approximate cost of 22 lakh. More may be procured later if required.The units will come with a three year warranty and free maintenance. The corporation plans to sign an Annual Maintenance Contract after the warranty expires, said Ghate. He explained that since the units are electronic items, a three year warranty was essential as the units need to be used for a minimum of three years for financial viability.Ghate said that besides its conductors, the KTC will be training its drivers to use the machines for shuttle buses and other routes where buses ply without conductors. He said that 5-6 firms provide the Association of State Road Transport approved units, and the KTC will select the manufacturer after receiving financial approval from the government.He revealed that the new JNNURM buses that have recently been introduced into service by the KTC already have a port available for connections of such units and transfer of the data log through GPRS.Consumer rights organisation Goacan has welcomed the move to introduce the technology from a consumer perspective. Roland Martins, convener of Goacan said \"any customer-friendly improvement in service through use of new technology is welcome for consumers.\" Martins suggested the KTC should hold regular meetings with consumers as part of confidence building measures, and set-up a mobile helpline for consumer feedback.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16813986", "title": "Medical Council of India bans 25 doctors posing as fake faculty", "text": "NEW DELHI: Doctors who fake being faculty members in private colleges so that the institutes get a clearance to admit students will now have to watch out.In the first-ever action against this shameful yet common practice among doctors \u2014 showing themselves as full-time teachers in medical colleges in order to get clearance when in reality they aren't part of the faculty -- the Medical Council of India (MCI) has banned 25 doctors for three to five years from medical practice.The MCI has ordered the removal of their names from the registers of the state medical council and subsequently from the Indian Medical Register.All these doctors showed themselves as full-time faculty of Melmaruvathur Adiparasakthi Institute of Medical Sciences in Tamil Nadu.The ethics committee of the MCI found they weren't actually faculty but were running their own practice. These doctors are registered under different medical councils like that in Maharashtra, Odisha, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat and Karnataka.MCI chairman Dr K K Talwar told TOI, \"All doctors in India will now have to watch out. Doctors faking as faculty on days of MCI inspection so that the college gets clearance to admit students is a shameful practice common in India. We will not tolerate this anymore. Strict action will be taken. For the first time, we have actually banned doctors for as long as five years after they were found guilty.\"Eight of the doctors found guilty have been barred from practising for three years, seven doctors for four years and nine others for five years.The MCI order, signed by secretary Professor Sanjay Shrivastava, said, \"After taking into consideration the allegation contained in a CBI report, oral testimony and written statement of each of the 25 doctors who appeared for hearing, the ethics committee concluded that the said doctors gave false and misleading information regarding their working in the medical college to the assessors during the college assessment. The ethics committee held that these doctors had committed professional misconduct in terms of Indian Medical Council (Professional Conduct, Etiquette and Ethics) Regulations, 2002.\"Dr Talwar added, \"This year, we have started a new method to figure out if private medical colleges are showing fake faculty to get permission. From this year, we have made it mandatory for all these colleges to provide the MCI with names of all faculty members, their salary and bank statements every three months to see if they are being paid salary every month or not.\"The MCI had originally received complaints about misleading information regarding their working as full-time faculty against 35 doctors (32 faculty members and three doctors from the management who issued appointment orders) of Melmaruvathur Adiparasakthi Institute of Medical Sciences, Tamil Nadu.MCI has for long being trying to cut down on the unscrupulous assessment of medical colleges. It had earlier tried methods like keeping inspection days secret from even MCI inspectors. They would not know before hand which colleges they were to assess on a particular day till the morning of the inspection. This was done to put an end to the practice of fake medical colleges being tipped off before inspection so that they could put in place fake faculty, false patients and hired infrastructure like libraries.Under the new procedure, the inspectors were given a sealed envelope on the morning of the inspection, while on the way to the airport or station which contained information on which college they had to inspect and which state it was in.This way, medical colleges didn't have time in advance to prepare for the inspection and the MCI team got the real picture of how the college was being run and whether it should be given registration or be allowed to increase undergraduate and postgraduate seats on the basis of faculty, infrastructure and patients available.Former member of MCI's governing body Dr Ranjit Roychoudhury told TOI, \"False patients and faculty members are brought in hordes in buses on the morning of the inspection by event managers for those who run the colleges to show the inspection team that they have the required faculty, manpower and infrastructure to run a medical college.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16814530", "title": "Mob holds up cattle vans at Rein Bazar", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tension prevailed at Rein Bazar on Sunday when a group of BJP activists and locals began to stop vehicles which were ferrying cattle. Police rushed to the spot to try and bring the situation under control but even as they attempted to pacify the mob, stones were hurled at a GHMC vehicle passing that way, damaging its windshield. As tensions mounted, senior officials hurried to the spot in a bid to bring the situation back to normal.Earlier in the day, Hyderabad police formed special teams to certify cattle being brought into the city for 'Qurbani' during the upcoming Bakrid festival.In view of reports that cattle were being brought to the city from outside for Bakrid, Hyderabad police officers held a special meeting with district revenue and GHMC officials.Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma said that it was decided at the meeting that special teams would be formed comprising police, GHMC and veterinary doctors from the animal husbandry department to conduct 'fitness tests' on the cattle as per the AP Prohibition of Cow Slaughter &amp; Animal Preservation Act, 1977.The city police chief also instructed his subordinates to stay vigilant and appealed to the general public to observe restraint. \"In case of any complaints, people can approach local inspector or the ACP,\" the commissioner said. A special control room has also been set up to coordinate all the activities.The city police chief instructed his subordinates to stay vigilant and appealed to the general public to observe restraint. He added that a special control room had been set up to coordinate security measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16821988", "title": "Style tips to follow this Navratri", "text": "We give style tips for the Navratri festival that will have you look your fashionable best this season .The nine day festival of Navratri is celebrated with a tremendous festive spirit with guys and girls looking their attractive best. We give you a ready reckoner on what will look good and what won't, as you will dance for the next nine days.Minimalistic fashion is in. Do not wear heavy embroidered ghaghras with even more heavier choli that will make it uncomfortable for you to do garba. Choose plain colour outfits with rich brocade borders or traditional kutchi work borders and couple it with blouses having rich embroidery on the sleeve borders. Wear a rich bandhni dupatta that will keep you lighter.Backless cholis are still a rage, so go for a special treatment for your back and make it look clean and attractive in those cholis. Backless cholis come in attractive colours with colourful strings.Men should opt for colourful kurtas that will have stylish buttons, a bandhni dupatta, dhoti pants or churidaars would look perfect.You also get knee length skirt-like ghaghras which Katrina sports in Chikni Chameli. The knee-length skirts help in doing garba well.Men can also opt for fancy turbans, raw silk kurtas and churidaar and even tie a scarf around their waist to look attractive.Accessories should be minimal with emphasis on long earrings, mang tikkas, bangles and small chokers for the neck. Do not get overloaded with rings, nose rings, or feet rings lest they hamper you in learning the steps.Men can opt for bracelets, anklets and earrings that match with the outfits.Do not wear loud colours that don't go with your skin, or overdo your make-up and end up looking like a painted face. Always wear a bike shorts underneath the ghaghra for you to dance better.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16814936", "title": "Police claim busting fake arms licence racket", "text": "PATIALA: Shambu police claim to have busted a gang involved in preparing fake arms licences with the arrest of three persons. Their investigations reveal that 21 fake licenses were issued to residents of various states of country.The accused used to prepare licences on the basis of forged documents from Amritsar district administration and transfer them to other states after charging a hefty amount.\"Our team arrested accused Gaurav Arora on Sunday from near Shambu border of Punjab and Haryana and seized 11 guns, 6 pistols, 6 revolvers and 212 live catridges. We have also seized 21 fake licences prepared by him, for people of other states by showing them as residents of Amritsar district,\" said Manjit Singh, SHO of Shambu police station.Shambu police have also arrested two Delhi-based residents, Parveen and Prem Mohan, who prepared arms licences on the basis of forged documents prepared by Arora.Police have also been conducting raids in Haryana, Delhi and some other states to arrest the licence beneficiaries. Since all licences were issued by the deputy commissioner office, Amritsar, the role of some officers there has also come under police scanner. However, police have not included the name of any DC office employee in its FIR registered in Shambu police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16817346", "title": "3 youths killed as car hits divider near Sangvi", "text": "PUNE: Three youths, two of them management students, died on the spot after their speeding car hit a road divider and crashed into another car near Sangvi phata on the Aundh-Wakad road around 12.15 am on Sunday.The Sangvi police have identified the deceased as Rohit Patil (25) of Pimple Saudagar, Shrinath Nair (19) of Vimannagar and Rahul Iyer (19) of Dombivli, Mumbai. Their friend, Naman Shah (19), sustained severe injuries in the accident.Assistant inspector Shabbir Sayed of the Sangvi police told TOI that the four friends were heading towards Wakad. \"As they reached Sangvi phata after crossing the Rajiv Gandhi bridge at Aundh, Patil, who was driving, lost control of the vehicle and crashed into the divider. The impact was such that the car crossed the divider and rammed into the other car which was heading towards Aundh,\" he said.The police had to summon a crane to pull out the four friends stuck in the car. \"However, Patil, Nair and Iyer had died on the spot. Shah has sustained severe leg injuries. The driver of the other car suffered minor injuries,\" Sayed said.Patil was working with an IT company while Nair and Iyer were management students at a private college in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16817607", "title": "Muharram panel demands repair of roads", "text": "ALLAHABAD: At a meeting of Allahabad Muharram Jhoola Committee held on Sunday concern was expressed over the poor civic conditions in the city despite the approaching festivals of Durga Puja, Dussehra, Baqrid and Diwali.Speaking in the meeting committee convenor Rasool said the civic authorities are adopting dilly dallying attitude towards undertaking of repair of roads from where Ram Dal and Muharram processions will be taken out.He flayed the authorities for failing to take note of the fact that thousands take part in the annual Ram Dal and Muharram processions. He said works undertaken at the last minute result in wastage of funds and quality is also not upto the mark which is the reason why roads break up after a few months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814841", "title": "Burn victim dies, child critical", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman who was admitted at Safdarjung Hospital with severe burn injuries after being allegedly burnt by her husband and in-laws, died on Sunday.Her thirteen-month-old daughter, who suffered 55% burns in the incident, is undergoing treatment and is reported critical. Pravartika Gupta (25), had married one Ashutosh two years ago. Pravartika's was allegedly set on fire by her husband and in-laws a week ago in Sarojini Nagar.On the complaint of deceased's family members, a case under Section 498A (harassment by husband or his relatives) and Section 304B of IPC (dowry death) was registered. Her mother-in-law, Sushma, has been arrested but her husband and father-in-law are at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16815765", "title": "Police junks family\u2019s case against father", "text": "MUMBAI: A family's case against its 70-year-old patriarch, alleging that he returned home drunk and harrassed his wife and three sons for money, turned on its head when the accused showed police a court order asking his sons to pay him monthly maintenance of Rs1,500, excluding lodging, boarding and medical bills.During Parksite police station's Grievance Redressal Day on Saturday, Noorjaha Shaikh had made the complaint against her husband, Mohammed Shaikh. But Shaikh showed them the Bandra Family Court's September 28 order asking each of Shaikh's three sons\u2014Umar (40), Khalid (38) and Sultan (36)\u2014to pay him Rs500 on the 10th of every month, excluding his other needs.\"Though the court decided in my favour, my three sons didn't give me money or food. They were not looking after me for the last 18 years. I beg in front of the dargah. Now, my wife and sons allege that I am a drunkard and drug addict and create a ruckus at home. They are purposely doing this to avoid paying me the maintenance. I gave a bike, a rickshaw, a garage and the house to my second son but he doesn't want to take care of me,\" Shaikh said. But his elder son Umar said, \"We three brothers and our mother are taking proper care of him and have not denied him the monthly maintenance. We have been looking after him for years. But, we've tried to be strict as he takes alcohol and drugs in front of our kids who, being young minds, try to imitate him,\" Umar said.But Shaikh said that his wife and sons had grabbed his property and earnings as a driver in Dubai, Qatar and Saudi Arabia. \"My wife wants to send me to an old-age home. I fear for my life,\" Shaikh said.But Umar, a foreman and driver employed in a Gulf country, said, \"My father's property claim is wrong. He wanted to sell the house to marry a woman, which we are opposed to. That has made him raise a hue and cry and approach court. We will follow the court's order. Also, we are collecting evidence on his bad habits and records of payment made to him to prove that we are not wrong.\" ACP (East region) Quaiser Khalid said this was a unique case where the court gave an order favouring an elderly man. The court has asked the three sons to pay him Rs 500 each on the 10th of every month.\"A preliminary probe by Parksite police showed that the family had complained against the old man to avoid paying him the maintenance,\" said Khalid.Parksite police senior inspector Sambhaji Patil said they received a complaint during the senior citizen grievance redressal day and a probe has been initiated. \"It was found that both the parties are making allegations against each other,\" said Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16817183", "title": "Film industry banks on Durga Puja profits", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: If plans for this Durga puja have already been made, then think again and reschedule, for this festival season will bring more entertainment than wished for. Three Odiya films - ACP Ranveer, Parshuram and Love Master - are lined up for release next week\"Durga puja is a major festival... people want to enjoy. Producers also get a good response during the festival as people throng cinema halls in large numbers,\" said director of Love Master Chandi Parija.The first, an action thriller, is a big budget film with Anubhav Mohanty in the lead role. It will open in 80 screens across India on October 19. Directed by Sudhakar Basant and produced by Mohanty, the film will also release in Bangalore, Surat, Kolkata.Sarthak Production's multi-starrer Parshuram features Arindam and Barsha, the popular silver screen sweethearts. With music by Manmath Mishra, the film looks at reaping profits during the festival season.The season's romantic twist comes with Love Master that has Babushan in the lead role, along with Riya and Punam. \"The film definitely has all ingredients of total entertainment and I am quite hopeful that the audience will like the movie,\" said Punam.Though the local films face a tough competition from Bollywood releases like Ajay Devgn's Son of Sardar and Shah Rukh Khan's Jab Tak Hai Jaan, expectations are high among people here. \"During Puja, along with pandal-hopping, watching movies with friends and relatives is a great fun. This year we are expecting some good Odiya movies,\" said Ajit Biswal, a movie buff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "phulberia (bankura)", "code": "16815401", "title": "Doctor, wife give up city life to build health Utopia", "text": "PHULBERIA (BANKURA): It breaks your back but the bumpy, teeth-grinding ride is worth it - if someone tells you about a 'spring of hope' in gloomy Bengal, you would go through anything for a glimpse of it. The modest single-storey building in the middle of a rocky wasteland in Bankura may not look like much, but this is where true 'poribartan' has come, thanks to an elderly medic couple, who chucked a cushy retired life to build a charity hospital where no one had ever seen a doctor.Amader Haspatal (Our Hospital), about 25km from Bankura station, draws hundreds of patients from as far away as Asansol, Durgapur and even Jharkhand every day. They trudge several kilometres on foot, often wading through knee-deep slush, not because treatment is almost free here, but because they \"get a touch of care\".\"We have not made it free because that would make them feel small,\" explains Pijush Sarkar, 68, a former director of the School of Tropical Medicine in Kolkata. For a registration fee of Rs 15, patients can get access to the kind of healthcare that is not seen in rural Bengal. They can get medicines for a tenth of the price, X-rays and blood tests for just Rs 100, and a hearty meal for Rs 10.Sarkar and his wife Krishna, 64, a former director of nursing services, are 'dadu' and 'dida' (grandpa and grandma) for thousands of villagers in a 50-km radius. Sarkar is assisted by a doctor from Bankura, Subhashish C Patra, who travels 25km on bike every day. \"The daily commute is strenuous. But at the end of the day, when I drive back home, there is a feeling of satisfaction,\" said Patra. \"On some days, we don't even get the time for lunch. But we never keep patients waiting because they take a lot of hardship to come to us. Patients start queuing up at 6am,\" said Sarkar.The couple not only build the hospital single-handedly but also turned the rocky land into an orchard and a paddy field, whose proceeds go to the trust that funds the hospital. It's a self-sustaining model bordering on Utopia.And to make the mission even more meaningful, the doctor couple counsels villagers to accept modern scientific treatment, bringing about a sweeping change in awareness in this backward region.Sarkar and Krishna invested their life's savings in this 6.5-acre land in Phulberia in 2006, leaving behind Kolkata and a comfy life. Then - as now - many patients died for lack of treatment, but Amader Hospital has made a world of difference. \"People in these areas neither have the awareness nor the money to seek proper treatment. They relied on quacks, who do more harm than good. We have managed to convince people that scientific treatment can be provided at an affordable cost,\" says Sarkar.In the last six years, more than 50,000 have been cured at the hospital. Before that, hardly anyone ever visited a trained doctor.We are treated as equals: PatientsIn the early days, Sarkar was surprised to get so many patients when there are three government health facilities in a 40-km radius. \"Then I realized, it's the human approach that draws them to us,\" said Sarkar.\"Poor people like us are treated like pariahs at government health centres. No one even talks to us properly, what to talk of treatment. But here, we are treated as equals. It makes you feel secure,\" said Sanjay Bauri, a labourer who had travelled 10 km with his three-and-half-year-old son. \"They have convinced us to turn away from quacks,\" said Kalindi Koda, who had hired a jeep with 13 others from a village near Mukutmanipur.Kalindi agreed: \"Our nearest health centre at Khatra is terrible. It doesn't have good doctors or medicines. But here, doctors talk to us gently and medicines are given away practically free. None of us would have ever gone to a hospital if this one wasn't there.\" Neighbour Sujata Kit nodded shyly. \"The doctors didn't scare me at all,\" she said. \"It's the first time in my life that I saw a doctor.\"\"When I was teaching at National Medical College in the Seventies, I realized the futility of training doctors who would never serve the poor. So, after retirement I started looking for a piece of land in a backward area,\" Sarkar said.Amader Haspatal is basic in its facilities. It has an outdoor, a doctor's chamber, a medicine counter, a pathology laboratory and an X-ray room. An indoor section is now under construction. A training centre for medical personnel and staff hostels are also being built with government support. All these could trigger a health awareness movement in the backward Purulia-Bankura-Midnapore zone, believes Sarkar. \"Reaching out to people, laying down a health model that could change things... It's ambitious but I believe we have taken the first step,\" says Sarkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16814420", "title": "Activists stage protest as CoP visitors tee off", "text": "HYDERABAD: The golf tournament organized by the Hyderabad Golf Association (HGA) and the AP Tourism Development Corporation (APTDC) for CoP-11 delegates saw \"active participation\" from not just the visitors but also local activists and environmentalists. On Sunday morning, even as the golf tournament was underway at Golconda, activists joined by a few locals staged a protest near the premises in an attempt to convey to the biodiversity meet dignitaries their opposition to the golf club project. They held banners and distributed pamphlets and booklets to the dignitaries explaining how the club neglected and violated environment and heritage issues.The activists stationed themselves near the moat area between Jamalikunta and Naya Qila and handed over the literature to more than 15 delegates participating in the tournament. However, cops soon halted the activity by forcing the activists to move out of the area. The activists fumed at the authorities for stopping what they termed a democratic and peaceful protest. Social activist Jasveen Jairath, said \"We had not entered the club premises but were near the moat area which is under the Archeological Survey of India.\"\"Through this booklet and pamphlets, we want to tell that this golf club had shrunk water bodies, damaged heritage, violated court orders and illegally changed contours and even dumped waste in the heritage sites,\" another activist said. Golconda inspector Mohd Waheehuddin said, \"Security was beefed up as the foreign delegates were at the club premises. We could not allow any protests due to security issues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16819836", "title": "Mahesh Babu resumes shooting for Sukumar\u2019s film", "text": "After a brief hiatus, Mahesh Babu joins the sets of Sukumar's untitled film, which is being shot in Goa. The actor had to push back the shooting schedules of this film since he accommodated bulk dates for Seethamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu (SVSC), which was postponed too. With SVSC nearing completion, Mahesh had to resume shooting for Sukumar's film in Goa.Anil Sunkara, Gopichand and Ram Achanta, who earlier produced blockbuster film Dookudu with Mahesh Babu under 14 Reels Entertainments banner, are once again teaming up with the actor to repeat the magic. Devi Sri Prasad is composing the music.Kriti Sanon will be making her Tollywood debut with this film. The makers wanted the girl to be soft, beautiful and a good dancer too, and were convinced after spotting Kriti. Apparently, Mahesh was also impressed with her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "16815083", "title": "Lovelorn couple attempt suicide", "text": "AMRAVATI: A lovelorn couple - Chetan Chavan (24) and Naina (22) - attempted suicide by slitting their throat and wrist. The incident came to fore on Friday when some citizen spotted the couple in the pool of blood. Both are BA second year students. On Thursday afternoon both left their houses on the pretext of attending college but did not return home. On Friday some citizen spotted the couple in blood pool near Bicchu Tekdi locality. They rushed couple to district general hospital.It has been learnt that couple were in a courtship for last three years and their parents were not happy with their relationship hence couple decided to take extreme step. Sources said they are out of danger now. Police have booked the couple for attempting suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16814474", "title": "September rubber production up 2.2%", "text": "KOCHI: Production of natural rubber increased 2.2% in September to 82,000 tonnes from to 80,200 tonnes in the year-ago month, according to figures released by the Rubber Board.Consumption of natural rubber was down by 1.8% at 81,500 tonnes compared to 83,000 tonnes in the previous month. However, exports dropped to 1053 tonnes in this year's September from 4785 tonnes in September 2011.The country imported 14,779 tonnes of natural rubber last month, an increase of 16% from 12,763 tonnes in the year-ago period. In the first half of the current financial year, the country's natural rubber consumption rose 6% to 5.02 lakh tonnes. Production edged up 1% to about 3.96 lakh tonnes during the same period,the Board data showed.\"Prices are currently trapped in Rs 18,950-18,200 (per quintal) regions and require a break out from either the sides to provide fresh directions. Successful attempts to break above Rs 18,950 may see a rise towards Rs 19,100 - Rs 19,400 regions while slippage past Rs 18,200 with sturdy volume may call for Rs 18,000 - Rs 17,800 in the near term,\" observed an analyst report from Geojit Comtrade Ltd.\"Heaved down by worries over demand amidst slipping natural rubber prices in the major global markets, RSS4 continued to inch lower in the local market. On Thursday, quotes in the physical market dipped further lower and was hovering near its weakest since mid-September on lacklustre demand from the consuming sector. Nation Multi-Commodity Exchange of India Ltd's rubber futures in the meantime, moved in narrow ranges with a negative bias looking out for fresh cues for directional moves,\" the report added.\"As this week's session culminates, natural rubber prices in the international market were seen reversing its initial advances and moving to a negative territory. Shanghai Futures Exchange rubber futures pared its initial gains and dropped more than one per cent while Tokyo Commodity Exchange rubber futures trimmed its earlier gains though weak yen and upbeat US jobs data provided firm support,\" observed Anu V Pai of Geojit Comtrade Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16816991", "title": "Local tourism gets a big push", "text": "MYSORE: Dasara tourism sub-committee, KSRTC and Mysore Travel Agents' Association (TAA) are going all out to encourage local tourism by offering Mysore sight-seeing package for visitors.Speaking about the first-of-its-kind initiative, TAA president B S Prashanth, who is also the panel's vice-president, said: \"We have worked out a package for tourists who can't afford to hire private taxi, which is expensive, to visit places in and around Mysore. With KSRTC, we plan to run a KSRTC Volvo bus from a specific point. A guide will introduce the places to toursts.\"Their aim is to introduce lesser-known places like Oriental Research Institute and Jaganmohan Palace to them along with places like Mysore Palace, Chamundi Hills, Srirangapatna and KRS. \"We are working out the package cost for the daylong sight-seeing programme during the festival. In all probability, we will launch the initiative this Dasara season,\" he added.KSRTC (urban) divisional controller M N Srinivas said: \"To start with, we will start the initiative with two Volvo buses. We are also ready to meet any demand in this regard.\"Meanwhile, committee head D Thimmaiah said that this time they are opening information kiosks at all Dasara venues and at important places like Mysore Palace, railway station and bus stand to help the visitors. \"We have roped in 150 students to provide information about Dasara events and tourists spots. They will work in two shifts,\" he added.This apart, about 25 tongas and sarots have been selected for Dasara celebrations. The riders will be given uniforms and Mysore petas. The tongas will take visitors around Mysore Palace and to tourist places at subsidized rates. Thimmaiah said they are yet to finalize fare for tonga ride.Groups of foreigners Travel Agents' Association president B S Prashanth said that they had contacted nearly thousands of tour operators/ associations worldwide and mailed them invitations, requesting them to send tourists to Mysore for Dasara.\"As a result, 20 groups from different countries like Germany, the US and Singapore have confirmed their visit to the city. Each group comprises 12-20 members,\" Prashanth claimed.FREE ACCOMMODATIONThe groups will be given traditional welcome upon their arrival to Mysore. \"We are also planning to provide them free accommodation with an aim to woo tourists from foreign nations,\" Prashanth said, adding that the groups will be taken to houses in Mysore where Dasara dolls are kept as part of Mane Mane Dasara programme. Prashanth said that they will soon mail the details of Dasara to tour operators spread across the globe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16816107", "title": "Dalit entrepreneurs repose faith in capital over quota", "text": "LUCKNOW: Amidst all-round protests against foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail, support has come from an unlikely quarter \u2014 dalits. In Lucknow on Sunday to launch the 16th chapter of Dalit Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry (DICCI), entrepreneurs from across the country raised the slogan of 'Fight caste with capital' and welcomed partnerships with big corporates and industries rather than financial assistance or reservation.Journalist and mentor of DICCI ,Chandrabhan Prasad, said, \"People who have been long deprived of economic and social rights don't need reservation to grow. Instead, they need ample business opportunities to prove their merit. In this regard, allowing FDI in the country will open a number of avenues for people belonging to scheduled castes and tribes too.\" He said the modern trade system offered equal opportunities to all depending on their skills contrary to the traditional trade system where all powers and money were vested in the hands of one. The old system promotes casteism while the new system will allow everyone to grow, the dalit ideologue said.DICCI comprises 3,000 members and was founded in 2005. It has been working since to create business opportunities for its members and provide a national platform for knowledge exchange.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16817458", "title": "Rs 4.2 crore sanctioned for Shanghumugham development", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state tourism department has sanctioned Rs 4.2 crore for the beautification and massive development of Shanghumugham. For this the department has charted out an action plan and a detailed project proposal, said health minister V S Sivakumar.The minister said that the tourism minister has already sanctioned Rs 2.5 crore from this and the work for the beautification process has begun. The idea is to preserve the heritage status of Shanghumugham and to provide basic amenities for the people who visit the place. The development project will be executed by the district tourism promotion council.Tourism minister A P Anil Kumar and the health minister, under whose constituency Shangumugham is situated, had earlier visited the beach and surrounding areas after which the detailed project plan was charted out.All the heritage monuments like mandapams and the pond would be beautified and protected. The children's park would be beautified with more facilities. It has also been decided to set up a resting place of 1,000 sq ft with proper tiles, footpath, toilets and halogen lamps.Separate zones for children and elders will also be set up here. Apart from the children's park, a play area is also being planned here considering the heavy rush this tourist spot is witnessing on holidays.An open air theatre, video hall and refreshment counters will also be coming up. Already the maintenance of the indoor stadium is going on adjacent to which there will be a training area for skating exclusively meant for children. A massive parking area where over 1,000 vehicles can be parked is also being planned as part of the development project.\"The idea is to project Shangumugham as a major attraction in the tourist map of the state,\" said Sivakumar.Shangumugham is at present witnessing a massive crowd on holidays and the people are facing several difficulties due to the lack of basic amenities, especially toilets and bathrooms. The new project proposal envisages more basic facilities in the region where over 5,000 people visit on weekends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16815795", "title": "Body in bag: 2nd person in CCTV footage arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: The police arrested the second suspect, a 19-year-old youth, in the murder case of a woman whose body was found in a bag at CST last month. The deceased's live-in, Pravin Thakre (29), a painter, was arrested from Chikhli on Saturday. Thakre led the cops to his neighbour, Amol Karanjule, who assisted him in disposing of the dead body of Roshni (27).Roshni had twice caught Thakre having physical relations with other women. \"Roshni and Thakre are from Amravati. They had eloped in 2002, when they were not of legally marriageable age. In 2005, the couple settled in Chikhli. Three years later, they had a son,\" said GRP commissioner Prabhat Kumar. Thakre told cops that Roshni had started quarelling with him often after the birth of their son.On September 25, the couple had a fight, following which Thakre thrashed Roshni. The same evening, Thakre throttled her to death. He purchased a bag from Pimpri and packed her body in it. The next day, he and Karanjule boarded a shuttle and got into the Sinhagad Express. After dumping the bag, the duo went to Dadar and took a bus home. Thakre told kin that Roshni had gone to her maternal home.However, news reports carrying CCTV footage pictures put the accused in a spot. Following the murder, Thakre moved to a new place. His former landlord, however, came to his new home and told him he could identify Karanjule in the footage. Relatives too started quizzing Thakre about Roshni after cops put up pamphlets with her pictures. Thakre was planning to flee to Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814365", "title": "India Against Corruption reaches Salman Khurshid\u2019s house", "text": "NEW DELHI: As law minister Salman Khurshid's jet landed at the Indira Gandhi International Airport on Sunday morning, he was welcomed by a group of India Against Corruption (IAC) volunteers who shouted slogans demanding his resignation. Agitated volunteers also staged a protest outside Khurshid's residence and tried to gherao it. About 15 of them were detained, but were later released.Khurshid refuted the allegation levelled against him and said he will \"fight back with sufficient proof\". But Arvind Kejriwal said he will provide more \"proof\" against him on Monday.Kejriwal, along with members of Rashtriya Viklang Party and IAC, also staged a rally at Connaught Place. Starting from NDMC headquarters opposite Jantar Mantar around 11.30am, Kejriwal rode a tricycle with K K Dikshit, president of Rashtriya Viklang Party, to Parliament Street where hundreds of protesters were already waiting.At 3pm, Khurshid started his press conference even as the assembled protesters shouted slogans against him and called him a \"chor\" (thief). Once Khurshid had rubbished the allegations, IAC members prepared a point-wise rebuttal. Addressing a gathering of nearly 200 people, Kejriwal said, \"We will provide more proof tomorrow morning.\" Using the proof Khurshid gave to defend his NGO, Kejriwal levelled further allegations and also questioned Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's silence over the issue.Earlier in the day, some of the differently abled protesters had taken on the Union law minister for alleged embezzlement of public money by Dr Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust in the name of holding camps and distributing aids to such people. \"When people like me, who has only one leg, can take the fight against UP government, why can't you who are able take the battle to the finish?\" asked one of them.While Kejriwal and most of his aides focused on attacking the Central government, some of the speakers took digs at CM Sheila Dikshit . While one of them spoke about eggs being hurled at the CM on Saturday evening, another protester from Najafgarh said, \"Today the CM is coming to our area. We need to leave early. Congress leaders have been eyeing our agricultural land; so, we cover them with black polythene whenever she or any other leader comes there. We fear they plan to take our lands at giveaway prices and allot them to builders later.\"Sporadic protests also broke out in various parts of the city. In the afternoon, IAC members protested against Dikshit in Najafgarh, where she had gone to attend a public meeting on problems faced by people in rural areas due to civic apathy. The meeting was held at Chanchal Park on the Nangloi-Najafgarh Road.Late in the evening, IAC volunteers held a candlelight vigil near Khurshid's house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16815165", "title": "Nagpur University to probe 'ineligible' admissions to PG computer science diploma", "text": "NAGPUR: A week after TOI exposed how Nagpur University and other colleges gave admissions to ineligible students to post BSc diploma in computer science and application (PGDCS&A;), pro-vice chancellor Mahesh Yenkie, who is in-charge of the exam section, ordered a probe to verify the allegations.\"I have asked officials to find out if ineligible students were in fact given admission to the course as published in TOI. If the allegations are found true, their admissions will be cancelled,\" Yenkie assured.He reiterated his stand taken in case of MCA scam that strict action would be initiated against the erring colleges which granted admission to the 'ineligible' students in PGDCS&A; course by flouting norms. \"We will act as per high court's orders which clearly state that 'ineligible' students shouldn't be admitted in any course,\" he said.\"The colleges can't escape their responsibility by pointing fingers towards NU that it failed to apprise them of rules and regulations. It's the principal's duty to ensure that only eligible students were granted admission as per the norms,\" he said.Controller of Examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke couldn't be contacted despite repeated attempts.Citing Ordinance No. 24 of 2009, TOI had reported that nearly thousand admissions were made by flouting norms just like in the case of MCA scam. In fact, NU's own 'Inter-Institutional Computer Centre (IICC)' on Amravati Road had admitted many 'ineligible' students despite the fact that they failed to meet the basic eligibility criteria of 50% marks in BSc.The newspaper had published that four of NU's IICC students later were admitted at Ramdeobaba Kamla Nehru College of Engineering in the MCA course. They later appeared for third and fourth semester exams conducted by NU, but after the illegalities came to fore, NU refused to accept their exam forms. However, renowned colleges like Ramdeobaba, GH Raisoni and Wardha's Agnihotri which gave admissions to these ineligible students allegedly exerted pressure on the NU administration to release their results. They were supported by politicians including city Congress chief Jayprakash Gupta who led a delegation of students to meet with vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal.Even colleges had demanded that action should be taken against NU's IICC if university planned to take action against private colleges principals who admitted these students. Last week, NU had cancelled admissions and exams of about 10 students after TOI ran a series of reports as to how these colleges run by politicians and education barons blatantly flouted norms by admitting the \"ineligible\" students in MCA course since last two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16815211", "title": "Shaded panes can be an option: Regional transport office", "text": "MUMBAI: The regional transport office (RTO) has announced that all car owners must remove any kind of film that they have pasted on the window panes and windscreens of their vehicles, even if they are claimed to be \"sun-protection films with 70% visibility\".\"You may argue that the sun-protection films have good visibility, but now no kind of film is allowed. We request all car owners to voluntarily remove them at the earliest,\" said a senior transport official. Once the films are peeled off, if the owner wants, the transparent glasses could be replaced with tinted ones through car glass manufacturers, said an official.Additional police commissioner (traffic) Brijesh Singh has also asked taxi unions to direct their members to remove the dark films from black-and-yellow as well as cool cabs. He pointed out that the degree of visibility through the films would no longer matter as all films would be done away with.The RTO has enforced strict checking measures of windows and windscreens during the registration of new vehicles. \"Car manufacturers and dealers have been told to warn new owners against pasting sun-protection films that are banned. Also, it is the manufacturers who will have the authority to instal government-approved tinted glasses in new models. But that should conform to the Supreme Court guidelines, which allow 70% transparency in the front and rear windshields and 40% on windowpanes,\" said a senior official.Those who have to remove the dark films, which are apparently pasted on glasses to shield against the sun, can get their transparent panes and windshields replaced by tinted ones from approved car-glass manufacturers; the makers will have to provide car owners with the warranty that the glasses conformed to the SC rules. Commuters, however, feel the replacement will pinch their pockets. An RTO official said, \"The guidelines are according to the provisions of the Motor Vehicle Act. It is a joint responsibility of the traffic police and the RTO to enforce them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16819718", "title": "Strike affects normal life in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: Normal life was affected in Manipur on Monday due to a 18-hour general strike called by major insurgents organisations.The coordination committee (CORCOM), formed by seven major insurgent organisations, has been calling a general strike on every October 15 for past some years to protest merger of Manipur with India.Educational institutions, banks and several private offices were closed, while government offices were open but attendance was affected as buses did not run, official reports said.Markets, shops, business establishments and entertainment houses were closed, while transport services between Manipur and neighbouring states and within the state were cancelled.Police and security forces were deployed at various parts of the state particularly in four valley districts of Imphal East, Imphal West, Thoubal and Bishenpur.The strike, called last midnight, would end at 6pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16816587", "title": "Sullia quake felt in 3 districts", "text": "MANGALORE: A 3.9-magnitude earthquake shook Dakshina Kannada district's Sullia district on Sunday afternoon, and its tremors were felt in neighbouring Chikmagalur, Hassan and Kodagu districts.Chikmagalur district's Mudigere, Aldur and Avathi, Hassan district's Sakleshpur and Belur taluks, and Kodagu district's Madikeri felt the tremors. There were no reports of injuries or damage.According to the Indian Meteorological Department, Karnataka falls in the region of low seismic hazard, and the border areas in low to moderate. Readers called up TOI offices to say they were shaken out of their Sunday snooze when the quake jolted their town at 2.21pm. G S Ramachandra, who works in a shop near Sullia's old bus station, said he felt the ground beneath his feet tremble.In some houses, vessels and furniture rattled for a few seconds, sending a scare in the neighbourhood.H B Manjunath of Hassan's Masavalli said the chair he was sitting on started shaking all of a sudden. \"I ran out of the house. It was only for a few seconds, though.\"Dakshina Kannada superintendent of police Abhishek Goyal confirmed he received a call from the district control room on the quake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16817601", "title": "Meat of the campaign at JNU", "text": "Students of Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) plan to continue with their campaign of ensuring secularity on campus with their long disputed 'beef and pork' battle, despite the university revoking the suspension order of one and withdrawing the showcause notices issued to three of the protesting students.Anoop Singh Patel, a student at School of International Studies, was issued a suspension order, while Anandha Krishna Raj, Abhay Kumar and Kusum Lata were served showcause notices for their involvement in planning to organise the 'beef and pork' festival on campus despite the Delhi High Court ruling that no such festival should be allowed as per the Delhi Agricultural Cattle Preservation Act, 1994.Students under the Committee for Democratic Rights for Choice of Food (CDRCF), formed by four student organisations \u2014 The new materialists, All India Students Federation (AISF), Students for Resistance (SFR) and United Dalit Students Federation (UDSF) \u2014 had been on a six-day relay hunger strike to protest the suspension of Patel and issuance of notices served to three others.\"We are glad that our strike led the administration to revoke the suspension order. But, the fight does not end here. We will continue our campaign for making the campus secular and free from any religious bias. Though we will not organise the festival, which we have committed to the administration, we plan to continue to hold public meetings and promote the issue by publishing our literature,\" says Suraj Beri, a student of MPhil in sociology and CDRCF member.According to the CDRCF students, many teachers on campus have extended their support . They maintain that JNU being a central university, where students from different parts of the country come to study, should have a plural food culture.\"There are large numbers of students on campus from parts of the country, where both beef and pork are part of one's regular diet. For instance, besides North East, such food items are consumed in states like Kerala , Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh. Our aim is to fight against this food fascism,\" says Beri.However, officials from JNU administration say, \"We had conducted a proctorial enquiry into the issue. The students have committed that they would not make any attempt of planning the festival on campus.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16816679", "title": "Puttur to host Krishi Yantra Mela", "text": "MANGALORE: The three-day 'krishi yantra mela' (agriculture machinery fair), organized jointly by the Central Arecanut and Cocoa Marketing and Processing Co-operative (CAMPCO) Limited, Arecanut Research and Development Foundation (ARDF) and Vivekananda Technical Institute, Puttur, will get underway on the Institute premises at Puttur from November 2.D Veerendra Heggade, Dharmadhikari of Shri Kshetra Dharmasthala and president of ARDF, will inaugurate the event. The organizers are expecting one lakh farmers.Konkodi Padmanabha, president of Campco and managing trustee of ARDF, said members of 17 cooperative institutions from Karnataka and Kerala will participate in the event. Nearly 150 stalls featuring various agriculture machineries will be on display. Recognizing the need to encourage engineering students, the organizers have decided to accommodate some projects of students from various engineering colleges of the region, he said. Apart from exhibition of machinery, there will be technical sessions on various topics related to agriculture. Banks too have agreed to participate in the fair, Padmanabha said, adding that the organizers will request the banks to extend financial assistance to some of the innovative agriculture machinery manufacturers.Deputy CM K S Eshwarappa and Union minister Veerappa Moily will attend the inaugural function. Former CM D V Sadananda Gowda and minister for Higher Education and DK district minister CT Ravi will participate in the valedictory session on November 4. Kerala CM Oommen Chandy is yet to confirm his participation.CHAPPARA MUHURTHAKalladka Prabhakar Bhat, southern region sampark pramukh of RSS, carried out the chappara muhurtha for the mela on the institute premises on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16816400", "title": "Right to Food campaign gathers momentum in state", "text": "RANCHI: The campaign for Right to Food left Ranchi on Sunday for east Singhbhum garnering a huge support from the common people. The group that started its journey from Chaibasa on Mahatma Gandhi's birth anniversary is touring different districts of the state and will conclude in the form of a rally in Jamshedpur on Tuesday.It is aimed at creating awareness about the shortcomings in the food bill proposed by the Union government and to build consensus on what is being demanded by the activists of the campaign. One of the key members of the jattha and former member of the national advisory council, Jean Dreze, said, \"The national stock of food grain has nearly doubled in the past five years but there is no food security for millions of people. The stocks have reached a mark of 8200 crore metric tonne and the Supreme Court of India has ordered distribution of the food grains among poor but the government allows them to rot instead of making provisions in the food bill for the greater good.\"The overwhelming support that the campaign is getting in Jharkhand could be assessed from the fact that the team travelling on a bus had to do leave behind some of its members. \"New people join us at every stop and we have to drop them by the time we arrive at the next stop to accommodate newer members in the team,\" said Balram, another activist and observer appointed by the Supreme Court for the implementation of the erstwhile National Food for Work Programme. The team is being fed by the villagers voluntarily and even the expenditure on diesel is being borne through collection of funds from villagers. Balram said that the through the campaign they are demanding universal public distribution system and abolishment of above poverty line (APL) and below poverty line (BPL) categories while introducing the national food security bill.\"When the Medical Council of India study recommends 50kg foodgrain for a family of five to serve the requirement of standard calorific intake, how can the government propose only 25kg grains under the new bill,\" he argued adding that even in Jharkhand the state government is providing 35kg grains to the poor families for Re 1 per kg. The activists are also demanding inclusion of pulses and oil for distribution through PDS in the wake of the fact that a hard-earned legislation cannot be based on half-baked ideas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16817192", "title": "Official tally of dengue cases rises to 34", "text": "CHENNAI: Eight more cases of dengue were reported in the city on Sunday, taking the total number of cases in the city to 34. Corporation officials on Saturday had reported 26 cases. Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan confirmed this, but said there was no need to panic as the numbers were not alarming. \"There is always an increase in the number of dengue cases during this season beginning October every year. These patients are being monitored by health officers,\" he said.Corporation officials said though dengue mapping was being done, there were no specific areas that had seen a spurt in the number of cases. \"The cases are being reported from different parts of the city and also include patients in private hospitals,\" said an official. The civic body has intensified its fogging operations near water bodies and in residential areas to bring down mosquito density , which is usually blamed for the rise in dengue cases. Don't ignore fever for more than 48 hours, say doctorsA day after two patients in the city died due to a fever of unknown origin, doctors say they have seen a spike in dengue cases in the past month. They caution patients against ignoring high body temperature that doesn't subside even after 48 hours.Samji Solomon Raj, who died in the early hours of Saturday , suffered from high fever , weakness in his limbs and loss of appetite for 20 days prior to his death. However , he was tested for dengue and HIV only on Thursday, the results of which are still awaited.While doctors say Samji's case may not be dengue, the disease has reared its head earlier than usual. \"Dengue usually does not present itself with such long periods of fever. And blood cell counts drop after the fever subsides,\" said a doctor of a private hospital in Chennai.However, the doctor said she had seen at least five cases of dengue in the past 20 days, that had tested positive during the serology tests, but the patients had recovered quickly. \"No patient required platelets at any point,\" said the doctor.The Kanchi Kamakoti Childs Trust Hospital has seen a significant increase in the number of dengue patients in the past month and has reported it to the civic body, said pediatric intensivist Dr Bala Ramachandran.However, Chennai Corporation officials said there have been only 34 cases of dengue in the city so far this season. This is something private doctors strongly dispute .Doctors say it is crucial that diseases like dengue be diagnosed and treated early. Sana Anwar, a Class 4 student from Kolathur, who is being treated for dengue, began suffering from fever since Monday. \"They came to me on Tuesday morning. I told them to return if the fever did not subside over the next 48 hours,\" said the doctor . Sana's mother took her again to the hospital on Thursday, after the girl began to feel weak. Tests were conducted for dengue on the same day and it was confirmed on Saturday morning . After just a day of IV fluids, Sana was ready to go home.Doctors say it is important for both victims and their relatives to immediately react to certain symptoms of dengue. \"When it comes to dengue, patients feel weak and lethargic, followed by decrease in urine output and food intake, abdominal pain and bleeding in any form. These symptoms can present themselves even after the fever subsides,\" says Dr Ramachandran .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "16817147", "title": "Around the world on a fun-filled trip", "text": "DUGRI: It was a fun-filled Sunday for the children and their parents at Bal Bharati School, as they celebrated the school's 6th annual day with a cultural bonanza.In an endeavour to instill global dimension into the learning experience of students, the function was based on the theme \"The ultimate union: Travelling through legends and stories\". The show aimed at highlighting the cultural differences among various countries across the globe by enacting their folk tales and performing their cultural dances. Around 1,000 spectators enjoyed the wonderful performances on stage that gave the message of global unity in diversity.The function started with the school invoke the blessings of Goddess Saraswati. This was followed by a choreographed Indian classical dance showing the alluring voyage through legends. The dancers mesmerized the audience with synchronized movements to depict various deities including Lord Ganesha, Lord Shiva, Lord Vishnu, Maa Kaali and Narsinhmavatar. This was followed by the students of classes III to V presenting Indian mythological act.The spectators were transported to the Land Of Rising Sun with an elegant Japanese fan dance presented by the students of Class III. The energetic Arabian belly dance by the students of classes IV and V concluded with an involuntary applaud from the audience. The next juncture in the voyage was Europe where the students of classes II and III presented dances of joy and fun. The play \"Dr Faustus\" was powerfully enacted by the students of classes IX and X, where Harjot played the part of Dr Faustus, while other important characters were played by Ramandeep, Rasneet, Meph Tejwant and Aksveer.The thought-provoking play was followed by communal dance of Yoruba Tribe of Africa. Next the students of classes IV and V presented a Russian dance, which was followed by a Halloween dance by students of classes I and II, celebrating the beliefs US and Canada. A Chinese classical dance, Tao Yao, was the next which was presented by the students of classes VIII to X. Pratham Aggarwal of Class IV and Akalroop of Class V enacted the story of discovery of the first well in China. Accompanied by rhythmic music, students of classes I to III presented Salsa. The concluding performance of the day was cowboy dance of Mexico.Yeshna of Class VIII extended the vote of thanks to the guests and parents with the promise of another spectacular show next year.Principal Punam Dogra introduced the audience with the achievements of the school, while secretary of the school L V Sehgal informed the audience about the plans of growth and expansion of Bal Bharati Public School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16817544", "title": "Indoreans get tips on wise investment", "text": "INDORE: After a series of successful run in different metros in India, country's leading stock exchange, National Stock Exchange (NSE), took the Investothon initiative to a prominent tier-II city, Indore, on Sunday. The Investothon was organized in partnership with the CNBC TV 18 group. Through the Investothon, NSE is trying to create awareness about the need to invest in productive assets for financial well-being and a more secure future.The Investothon at Indore was held at the Abhay Prashul Stadium. It was flagged off in the presence of Kailash Vijayvargiya, minister for industry employment and information technology. The people of Indore turned out in large numbers to attend the run for safe investing. The event was also attended by corporates, investor associations and a large number of NSE officials.There were three races in the Investothon, each of which was denoted by a different colour and name depending on the distance of the run. The first, a two km race, was represented by the colour red, denoting 'Power'. The second race, a distance of three km, was represented by the colour yellow, denoting 'health' and the final lap of the symbolic run of four km represented the colour green, denoting 'wealth'.NSE joint MD Chitra Ramkrishna said, \"Though Indore has become a major commercial hub, investors in Indore still invest largely in fixed income instruments. We are trying to create awareness among investors about the need to invest in more productive assets, which can give good returns without exposing them to high risk.\"NSE is the largest exchange globally by the number of trades in the equity market. The exchange plans to take the Investothon initiative to other tier II and tier-III cities like Rajkot, Cochin and Patna soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "16815003", "title": "IAC activists show black flags to Hooda", "text": "HISAR: Four teenagers, including three girls, were among 12 activists of India Against Corruption (IAC) rounded up by police for waiving black flags at Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda here on Sunday afternoon. Hooda had come for a function organized by Haryana Aggarwal Vikas Sangathan to mark the birth anniversary of Maharaja Agrasain.The \"action\" began when a woman, identified as Kailash Rani, tried to reach Hooda and apprise him about the inflated electricity bill she had received for her residence in Parao Chowk. However, she was stopped by ladt police and taken outside the venue.While cops, including Hisar IG A S Chawla, were pacifying the women, IAC activists and some teenagers took out black flags and started waiving them in the air while raising anti-government, pro-IAC and pro-Kejriwal slogans. Identified as Pooja Jain, Anchal, Sonia and Ratnesh, 16, the teenagers were immediately taken to police station. A police spokesperson confirmed that around 12 persons were rounded up for disturbing the function.\"They showed black flags to chief minister and tried to disrupt the proceedings. Further investigations are in progress,'' Harish Bhardwaj, official spokesman of Hisar police, said.\"The way the activists have been rounded up is not acceptable. With each passing day, one or the other scam is getting exposed. This has upset the common man. So were the emotions of activists here, hence we decided to register our protest during the chief minister's function,'' Arun Aggarwal, head of Hisar chapter of IAC, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814786", "title": "Missing man declared dead on wife\u2019s plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man who had been missing for the past eight years was declared 'dead' by a Delhi court on his wife's plea. Civil judge Richa Gusain Solanki declared Deepak Kumar, a resident of west Delhi, dead according to the provisions of the Indian Evidence Act, stipulating that a man not seen or heard of for last seven years may be presumed dead.The court said the suit of his wife, Pushpa, is decreed to the effect that Deepak Kumar is declared dead as he has neither returned home nor contacted his wife since September 29, 2004.The court's order came on the plea of Hari Nagar resident Pushpa, saying she had lodged a complaint at the police station that her husband had left for Kolkata and had been missing since then. She said police had made efforts to trace him, but could not find him.\"He, therefore, went missing on September 29, 2004, and has not been heard of by his wife or anyone else. Accordingly, all the essential ingredients of Section 108 of the Evidence Act have been met. A rebuttable presumption of law has arisen to the effect that Deepak Kumar Ghosh died some time within that period and accordingly, it can be presumed he is now dead,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16817539", "title": "\u2018CAG report on MGNERGS in Dec\u2019", "text": "INDORE: Serious irregularities have been reported in Mahatma Gandhi National Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNERGS) and payments have been withdrawn even in the name of dead people, said union minister Jairam Ramesh admitted here on Sunday. He was talking in reference to a report published in TOI on October 6 about payments being withdrawn in the name of dead and jailed person in Barwani district of Madhya Pradesh.Ramesh said in order to check irregularities, Comptroller &amp; Auditor General (CAG) has started an audit of work done under the MGNERGS last year.\"CAG will place its report in the parliament in December and will be taken up for discussion during the budget session next year,\" said Ramesh adding that initially CAG will audit the work done under last year thereafter it will take works done from the time of implementation of the scheme.Union government will now randomly audit around 10% of the gram panchyats coming under MGNERGS. Gram panchayats will be selected from across the country. Government will also check whether work done under the MGNERGS had been approved by the gram panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16814171", "title": "Midfielder Brandon braces for English test", "text": "PANAJI: Junior Indian international Brandon Fernandes has been invited by a struggling English Premier League (EPL) side to train with them for a fortnight and, should he pass the test, explore the possibilities of sealing a dream move.The 18-year old Goan midfielder has been training with Africa Soccer Development's Soccer School of Excellence in Cape Town (South Africa) for the past two years and, according to the academy, is now ready for top-flight action.\"Brandon has been on the radar of several English clubs for a while now, and it's fair to predict that a move is imminent. He has the potential to more than fulfill the expectation that precedes him, and in doing so will be an excellent ambassador for Goa and Indian subcontinent,\" said ASD director Mike Steptoe.Brandon, currently in South Africa, is travelling to England on Monday and, according to those in the know, will undergo mandatory medicals at the EPL side on Wednesday. \"We are not naming the club until he lands here and are working in Brandon's best interest,\" Susanna Steptoe, marketing director, ASD Cape Town, told TOI on Sunday.Brandon himself is \"super excited\" about the challenge and although the Premier League assignment will be daunting, the Goan midfielder remains unfazed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16817394", "title": "Asian century", "text": "Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy (National University of Singapore) recently launched a book titled 'Building a Global Policy School in Asia,' published by World Scientific. Kishore Mahbubani , founding-dean of the school and one of the co-authors , talks to Malini Sen on what it takes to build a global policy school.How do you build a worldclass public policy school in Asia?The Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy (LKY School) has come a long way in a very short time. This has been possible, in part, because we are at a juncture in history where the external environment favours a growing emphasis on visible hand of good governance without constraining free markets. There is no doubt that the 21century will be an Asian century and it helps to be established in the right place at the right time serving the right mission, which is captured in the motto of the LKY School: Inspiring Leaders. Improving Lives. Transforming Asia.The LKY School was established in August 2004 following a decision by the government of Singapore to create an institution of higher learning dedicated to the study and teaching of good governance and bequeath it with the name of the widely-respected founder of modern Singapore. By 2007, the school had established three double degree programmes with internationally recognised institutions: Columbia University , London School of Economics and Sciences Po, Paris . It became the only public policy school in Asia to be included in the Global Public Policy Network (GPPN) sharing the global stage with leading universities in the West. In eight years, the school has grown from 40 students from a handful of countries to an impressive 327 students from more than 50 countries. After Singapore, the three countries that provide the largest numbers of students in our 2012 cohort are China, India and Indonesia , the three emerging powers of Asia. We inherited the original Public Policy Programme that was set up in the National University of Singapore (NUS) in 1992, and had been modelled on the curriculum of Harvard Kennedy School (HKS). The degree programmes at LKY School have grown remarkably and we now offer four Master's programmes and a PhD programme.The school has emerged as the third best endowed school of public policy in the world after Harvard Kennedy School and Princeton's Woodrow Wilson School. This has helped us fulfil the key mission of the school of trying to improve governance in Asia by providing scholarships to students coming mainly from developing countries, where the financial aid and the acquisition of governance skills are in equal need.What is the relevance of such a school in Asia?Asia is enjoying high economic growth and understands that the challenge for Asian societies is not just about sustaining economic growth, but also about developing new forms of governance to accommodate the needs and interests of the swelling middle and educated classes.Our school has built an eco-system of learning and helps develop the current and future generations of policy-makers in Asia.What sets global policy studies apart from other academic disciplines?A public policy education, unlike a business school education, has no readily available gold standard. The global benchmarks and universally acknowledged standards of excellence are yet to be established. Nowadays , when someone graduates with an MBA, there are some critical 'core' skills that one is expected to have, such as finance and marketing. By contrast, when an employer interviews a graduate of a school of public policy, the employer has no clear idea what knowledge or skills this graduate has acquired. Policy studies are more multifaceted and valuable lessons are drawn from best practices.If you were to ask any graduate from our school as to what they learnt in their public policy education, you can be certain to get an honest answer: some economics, some politics and a few things on leadership and management.What is the importance of global public policy as an academic discipline in the 21century?With globalisation, as the world becomes interconnected and interdependent, there is a need to educate future leaders and policymakers to contribute knowledge and ideas to tackle the pressing global challenges of the 21century. Future leaders need to work in a multi-polar world of increased risks as well as unknown opportunities. There is no doubt that Asia's emerging and developing countries will have to play a bigger role on the world stage.Public policy has largely been a Western social science, developed on the assumption that it had universal applicability. History has proven this assumption to be flawed. We now have an opportunity to reshape the thinking of future leaders and expand their leadership horizons by exposing them to Asian experiences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16814963", "title": "PGI works out new norms to treat lung infections", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Tobacco smokers, who commonly suffer from breathing problems and associated lung infections, will soon be managed in a different way in hospitals throughout the country.Revised guidelines for treatment of lung infections have been formulated by PGI's department of pulmonary medicine, which also is a WHO collaborating center for research and capacity building in chronic respiratory diseases.The PGI move has come in the wake of findings that chronic pulmonary destructive disease (COPD) affects other body parts -- besides the lungs -- including heart, kidney and bones. Medical research has shown that those suffering from COPD die of heart attack or kidney failure. Leaving behind decade-old guidelines which had termed COPD as limited to lungs alone, the revised management and prevention guidelines are based on a few new modalities of management.Dr S K Jindal, head of pulmonary medicine, who has initiated the formulation of the draft, said, \"COPD patients die due to cardiac arrest or kidney failure. They suffer with loss in bone density. So, we have revised the management. We have involved the Indian Chest Society and other professional societies for feedback. These will be compiled in February.\"It has been felt by chest physicians that inhalers or nebulisers are not the only support system treatment available. \"The emphasis will be more on rehabilitation and palliative care. There will be more support system recommended besides the routinely used inhalers. We are working on this,\" said Dr Jindal.There have also been a lot of variations in COPD symptoms which experts term as different phenotypes. Those who show severe symptoms might not be at a higher risk while there are some who show no condition of deterioration but might turn out to be serious suddenly.\"The guidelines will have a treatment regime including these emerging phenotypes. During the acute exacerbation, it will help the medical fraternity to understand the indications of starting medicines,\" said Dr Jindal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16817112", "title": "Stray dogs make Rose Garden a thorny stretch", "text": "LUDHIANA: The municipal corporation fails to learn a lesson. Five months after stray dogs attacked and killed rabbits in Rose Garden, the civic body has hardly taken any steps to rein in their terror. Joggers who frequent the green space rue canines spoil their day.Sneh Kiran, a private school teacher and resident of Haibowal, said, \"I go to Rose Garden for evening walks, but return bitter and twisted. The garden is not maintained properly, with stray dogs roaming around freely.\" Mamta Aggarwal, a resident of Kitchlu Nagar, said, \"I love spending my mornings among green trees and beautiful flowers. And so, I go to the garden to refresh myself. But often packs of stray dogs ruin my mornings. They not only follow us, but also spoil the place.\"Regretting the apathy of the civic body, Asit Verma, a businessman of Tagore Nagar, said, \"It is surprising that the authorities are unable to check their menace. The MC should deal with the problem strictly.\" Abhinav Mohindro, a student and resident of Kitchlu Nagar, said \"I, along with my friend Ayush, go to the garden in evenings to relax. But mongrels do not let us enjoy our time there.\" Municipal corporation commissioner R K Verma, said, \"I am not aware of the problem. I will look into the matter and take steps to solve the menace.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16817309", "title": "HC dismisses plea against ex-IAS man\u2019s entry to SIET", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has dismissed a civil suit questioning the appointment of former home secretary Syed Munir Hoda and six others as members of the general body of the Southern India Educational Society (SIET) Trust, which runs SIET College for Women.Justice K Chandru dismissed the suit filed by former MLA Badar Sayeed and Hameed Ahmed Sayeed, questioning the induction of new members on various grounds. Their specific objection was to the induction of Hoda as member of the general body as well as member of the executive council of the society.Describing him as an officer who had had controversial and irregular career while in service , they said the new members had nothing to do with education and that they had been included due to their proximity other office-bearers of the trust.Denying the allegations, Hoda said he had held various positions while in service, and that the state government had revoked his suspension and made it clear that his period of suspension would be treated as duty period for all purposes.Justice Chandru declined to interfere with the trust matter, unless the inducted members suffered from any disqualification mentioned in the rules and regulations of the society. He also said that there was no procedural irregularity in the induction of the seven new members, as it was done by majority votes in the executive council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16817435", "title": "HC: All is not well with actors\u2019 body", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has permitted the filing of a civil suit against the proposal to lease out the actors association's T Nagar property worth 150 crore for a multiplex project . Justice K Chandru passed the order last week, on the applications of S Murugan and P A Kaja Mohideen.Nadigar Sangam, which has about 3,000 film, drama and television artistes as members, owns 18 grounds of land, worth about 150 crore, on Habibullah Road in T Nagar. The property was registered in 1957. In 1987, a trust - Nadigar Sangam Charitable Trust - was formed to provide educational and medical relief to poor artistes . It was to have nine trustees , six to be nominated by the executive committee of the actors' association. Now, however, there are only two trustees - president R Sarathkumar and his brother in law, general secretary Radha Ravi. The suit pertains to the trust's decision to give the land on a 30-year lease to a promoter for the construction of a multiplex. Questioning the legality and the lack of transparency in the transaction, the suit said the lease decision was executed though the full trust board had not been formed. Pointing out that the power of attorney, lease agreement and receipt of money were all done by Sarathkumar and Radha Ravi, the suit said the duo's intention was \"to hijack and take full control of the trust.\" Refuting the allegations, the trustees raised technical objections and said the suit was not maintainable at all.Rejecting their claims, Justice Chandru said, \"The fact that, of the two trustees who are managing the trust, one trustee had executed a long-term lease deed in favour of the other trustee itself shows that it is a gross mismanagement of the trust property. All is not well with the functioning of the trust.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16819403", "title": "Ram Charan\u2019s Nayak progressing in Kolkata", "text": "Ram Charan-starrer Naayak is currently progressing at Kolkata as the unit films action scenes on mega power star, Dev Gil and other support cast. As film director V V Vinayak insisted on perfection in each shot, the actor had consumed a whole day shooting a few high-octane action episodes and battled baddies at Chhotelal Ghat near the Mullickghat flower market. This scheduled is expected to be wrapped up by October 22.Yesteryear super hit number 'Subhalekha Rasukunna' from megastar Chiranjeevi-starrer Kondaveeti Donga is being remixed in this film and the song was shot on Ram Charan and Amala Paul in Iceland.And for the first time, Charan will be seen in a dual role in this film, which also has Kajal Agarwal. Thaman is composing the music while Chota K Naidu handles cinematography. Akula Shiva pens story and dialogues. Nayak has tunes composed by SS Thaman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16815975", "title": "This realtor extends help to the homeless", "text": "MADURAI: During the week, R Mathivanan (44) from SS Colony in Madurai works as a real estate agent and secretary in a co-operative building society. But come Sunday, he sets out on his mission to meet and provide breakfast and snacks to destitutes on the streets of Madurai. Mathivanan has been doing this service regularly for the last four years.Having done his masters in social work from the Madurai Institute of Social Sciences, Mathivanan says he was inspired by his spiritual guru, Nagamalai Rajan Swamy who lives in Nagatheertham. He met him in the year 1996.\"After my association with the Guruji who insisted on the virtue of feeding the hungry, I started distributing biscuits to destitutes on the streets. Later, I got acquainted with like-minded people in Madurai and we arrived at the idea of providing breakfast for them,\" Mathivanan says.He sets aside 20% of his income from his real estate and other business like multi-level marketing in order to feed the less fortunate. Since the last two years, he has also started providing free lunch every day, for around 15 destitutes in Nagatheertham, a natural spring with a small temple downhill in Nagamalai, in the outskirts of the city. \"On new moon and full moon days, we serve food for more people who come there,\" he adds.P Sundara Subramanian from Madurai who also does similar work, calls Mathivanan a genuine soul who does not seek any publicity through his charity. \"He is a very simple man who is not after name and fame and he says this service gives him great satisfaction,\" he says.Mathivanan says his wife Rajeswari supports him in his endeavours. \"Initially she was reluctant about going around the streets to give food and snacks to destitutes, but my mother-in-law came to my support and emphasised that feeding the hungry was a greater virtue. Now my wife accompanies me readily on my weekend expedition whenever she can. It is a small service to the society and a way to thank God, who has blessed me with everything in life,\" says Mathivanan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16815632", "title": "Drunk policemen create a scene at bars", "text": "PATNA: 'Police power' was on display in its ugliest form when two police constables in an inebriated state created a scene at two beer bars and threatened the bar employees with dire consequences if their demand for 'rangdari' was not made.The incident took place at a building housing some beer bars near Seewoo Sagar Ramgoolam Chowk under Gandhi Maidan police station on Saturday evening when Patna City SP's bodyguard Ravi and driver Mata Singh reached there in civvies in the official vehicle of their boss.A terrorized beer bar owner told TOI on the condition of anonymity that the two reached his bar on the first floor of the building and threatened his employees and also used abusive language against him. Then, they entered another bar and threatened the employees of dire consequences if they failed to give rangdari. Though the cops reportedly visited other beer bars too, their owners refused to say anything.Hearing the commotion, the owner of a beer bar located in the building's basement, called the security guard who caught both of them and informed the Gandhi Maidan police station. The police reached the spot and took the cops to the police station. Even the official vehicle of City SP was seen parked outside the police station. When this reporter reached Gandhi Maidan police station, Ravi was lying unconscious on the floor.SP (Rural) Manoj Kumar , who is holding the additional charge of Patna City SP in the absence of Jayant Kant, who is on leave, said the two cops had been sent to police lines. He said the process of their suspension would be initiated soon. An officer of Gandhi Maidan police station, on the condition of anonymity, said that the bodyguard and the driver had indulged in such acts in bars earlier too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814458", "title": "Work at Ganga Canal to hit Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The annual cleaning of the Ganga Canal is likely to create problems for the capital this year. The Uttar Pradesh government informed Delhi that the canal would be shut for maintenance work for 25 days starting from October 15 but the share of water that Delhi is supposed to get from the Yamuna in lieu of this closure has not been released yet.Delhi officials have said that there is sufficient water till October 17 but unless Haryana released additional water immediately, large parts of east and south Delhi will be affected in the coming days.Senior officials in Delhi Jal Board said that 240 million gallons per day of water or 480 cusec from UP's share in the Yamuna is supposed to be released by Haryana for Delhi at Tajewala under an agreement signed on April 12, 2006 under directions from the Upper Yamuna Review Committee. \"As per this agreement, Haryana should release UP's share of Yamuna water for the 140 MGD Sonia Vihar and 100 MGD Bhagirathi water treatment plants. This is to be enforced every time the Ganga Canal is closed for such maintenance work. However, this year Haryana has not released any additional water. The Haryana Irrigation Department officials are saying that they need to consult the state government but this leaves Delhi in a fix since the water has to be released immediately,\" said a senior official.Anticipating a problem, DJB sent a reminder to Haryana on October 11 and 12 but no action has been taken so far. It additionally informed the Central Water Commission which has also written to Haryana saying that they are \"duty bound\" under the 2006 agreement to give additional water to Delhi but to no avail so far.\"It is not an annual closure that UP undertakes and Delhi has not gotten in touch with senior-level management on this issue. If it has, it might have approached junior-level engineers who will be doing whatever possible,\" said a senior official of the irrigation department.The two treatment plants that the Ganga Canal supplies water to cater largely to south and east Delhi areas like Mayur Vihar, IP Extension, Vasant Vihar, Vasant Kunj, Malviya Nagar and Greater Kailash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16817338", "title": "Don't pay VAT: Consumer groups", "text": "PUNE: The vexed issue of payment of Value Added Tax (VAT) on apartments sold in the state from 2006 to 2010 remains unsolved in the absence of transparency on part of most builders in levying the charge on consumers.As per the Supreme Court order, the Maharashtra sales tax department will not levy interest and penalty on developers, if they register the sale of such flats by October 15 and pay the VAT by October 31. Accordingly, the builders have started sending notices to flat owners.About 1,500 flat owners who gathered at Bhave school near Perugate on Sunday morning were scared, angry and confused as they sought clarification on how much exactly do they owe the builders.The awareness programme was jointly organised by the Sajag Nagarik Manch, the Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat and the Grahak Hitwardhini to unite flat owners and address their concerns. Sudhakar Velankar, Vivek Velankar, Suryakant Pathak, Govind Patwardhan and Sager Vijay guided the participants.Suryakant Pathak of the Akhil Bhartiya Grahak Panchayat appealed to owners, who bought flats between June 20, 2006, and March 31, 2010, not to pay the VAT. \"There have been instances where the builders demanded a flat 5% tax on the agreement cost. There are also cases where they asked for 1% tax. In any case, the builders need to produce a tax invoice so that people know what exactly is the taxable component,\" said Pathak.Sager Vijay, who is an advisor with the Grahak Panchayat, clarified the concept of taxable components. \"If a building cost is shown as Rs 50 lakh, one needs to know if the builder has subtracted the land cost from it. This, because VAT is not applicable on land. Besides, the builder also needs to separate the cost of labour and raw materials on which the tax has already been paid by him. So, once these components have been separated, the actual cost on which VAT has to be paid by the consumer comes out to be much less,\" said Vijay. The developers, however, are not disclosing these details due to which there is no clarity on the exact tax liability of the flat owner, said Vijay.\"I fail to understand why consumers think we are extracting money from them. Contractors pay VAT on material cost plus 10% profit method which is acceptable by the government. We suggested our member builders to pay VAT with similar calculation with 15% profit. But a trade circular issued by the sales tax department said this method will not be acceptable. We have no choice but to calculate and pay VAT on agreement value of flats. Besides, there are three different ways to calculate tax which gives a raw deal to customers and a tool to the sales tax department to harass builders,\" said Rajesh Prajapati, president of the Maharashtra Chambers of Housing Industries, Credai (Raigad), an apex association of builders.Sudhakar Velankar, founder president of Grahak Hitwardhini, had filed a PIL in the Bombay high court in September challenging the levy of VAT. \"Since the matter is subjdice, people are not bound to pay the VAT now. Under no law can the builders compel them to pay up. In case people want to pay, the amount payable should not be more than 1% of the agreement cost, subject to condition that the builder produces a tax invoice,\" said Velankar.Velankar also told consumers not to approach the court as individuals or through their housing societies. \"They should unite and approach us, we will put up their case,\" he said.Besides, consumers can collect special booklets guiding them on what they need to ask their builder. It will be available at the offices of the Sajag Nagarik Manch, the Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat and the Grahak Hitwardhini from the first day of Navratri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16817242", "title": "Tank up vehicles during daytime", "text": "MYSORE: Fuel-refilling stations in Mysore, Mandya and Chamarajanagar districts will operate only from 6am to 6pm from Monday for an indefinite period.Petroleum Dealers' Association president S K Dinesh said that they are launching the protest pressing for various demands, including increase in margin and implementation of Apoorva Chandra Committee recommendations. \"Fuel stations will strike work from dusk to dawn because we don't want to inconvenience the motorists during Dasara,\" he said, adding that there about 250 stations in the districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16816367", "title": "Akhilesh Yadavholds unscheduled Janata Darbar", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday met hundreds of people who came to meet him from different parts of the state despite Wednesday being fixed as the day for the chief minister's Janata Darbar.Despite being a holiday, the chief mionister Akhilesh Yadav spent more than four hours meeting the people who had queued up outside his official residence -- 5, Kalidas Marg.He also met more than two dozen MPs and MLAs and political leaders from parties other than the SP who called upon him for help on issues related to their respective constituencies.\"There was one Ritesh Mittal from Mathura and Kaikashan from Khadra locality in Lucknow seeking financial help from the chief minister. Wife of one Idrees had come all the from Jakhniyan in Ghazipur district seeking CM's help to get a dwelling place for her family. Then there was Aasma, Musaddi and Anwar from different parts of Kanpur who had problems in getting a Below Poverty Line (BPL) issued in their name.The chief minister met each one of them separately, gave a patient hearing and directed the officials to look into the complaints and do the needful,\" said SP spokespers Rajendra Chaudhary, who was also present during the session.Former Bahujan Samaj Party MLA who joined the SP in August 2011 Bhagwan Sharma alias Guddu Pandit along with two other MLAs were also among the political leaders who met the CM with requests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16815511", "title": "SC to hear Bihar-Jharkhand pension case on Oct 17", "text": "PATNA: The dispute between Bihar and Jharkhand on the issue of apportionment of pension liabilities to the tune of Rs 5,334.84 crore reached the Supreme Court recently with the latter filing a suit in the apex court, seeking a direction to the Centre for dividing the pension liabilities on the basis of 'population' instead of 'number of employees.' It has also sought injunction against the Centre, restraining it from deducting any amount from the central grants of Jharkhand for reimbursing it to Bihar.Bihar, which paid pensions to the tune of Rs 5,334.84 crore to the government employees, who retired before the bifurcation of Bihar on November 15, 2000, has also filed its reply in the apex court, making a claim of total pension liabilities of Rs 7,706.38 crore against Jharkhand. The apex court has fixed October 17 for hearing the arguments of both the warring states.Bihar, in its reply, has urged the SC to issue a direction to the ministry of home affairs (MHA) and also to the Union ministry of finance for deducting Rs 7,706.38 crore from the central grants of Jharkhand through the Reserve Bank of India and depositing the same into the Bihar government's account as reimbursement of the pension liabilities.\"Bihar has already paid Rs 5,334.84 crore from its coffers for meeting the liabilities of pensioners from Jharkhand in the past 12 years. The funds for footing this bill have been borrowed at a high cost and an interest burden amounting to Rs 2,371.54 crore till 31st March, 2012. The total amount thus stands at Rs 7,706.38 crore,\" Bihar's principal secretary, finance, Rameshwar Singh, said in a reply filed before the SC recently.The acrimony between the two states intensified after September 25, 2012, when the MHA, which is empowered under the provisions of the Bihar Reorganisation Act-2000 to adjudicate between the two in case of disputes, asked Jharkhand to pay Rs 2,584.09 crore to Bihar against the pension liabilities. \"We have requested the Centre to deduct this amount and transfer it to Bihar,\" Singh told TOI recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16817609", "title": "Azam Khan warns officials over slow pace of Mahakumbh works", "text": "ALLAHABAD: State urban development minister Azam Khan on Sunday took stock of the Mahakumbh preparations with the senior officers at IFFCO guest house in Phulpur. Senior officers of the various government departments were present in the meeting.The minister expressed dissatisfaction over the current pace of works for Kumbh Mela and warned the officials to complete all the pending works before November 30. He pulled up the PWD and Jal Nigam officials for the slow pace of work.Azam said Kumbh Mela is a major congregation that attracts pilgrims from different part of the country and abroad. Therefore, proper facilities should be provided to all the pilgrims arriving for it, he added.He instructed the Allahabad Municipal Corporation and Allahabad Development Authority to work in unison and ensure that all roads and footpaths are repaired. Debris lying on the roads should be removed. Further, arrangements should be made for cleaning of the drainsDuring the meeting, divisional commissioner Divesh Chaturvedi, district magistrate Raj Shekhar, Kumbh Mela Adhikari Mani Prasad Mishra and other senior officers were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814575", "title": "7 hurt as LPG cylinder bursts in east Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seven people, including two children, suffered burn injuries after an LPG cylinder exploded inside their flat in Jagatpuri area in east Delhi on Sunday morning.Two other members of the family had a narrow escape as they jumped off the flat during the explosion but have suffered grievous injuries, police said.The incident took place at around 7.30am in the G-block area. The cylinder exploded on the first floor of the three-storey building after one of the family members turned on the stove.\"The cylinder reportedly caught fire due to leakage and later exploded, causing a wall of the room to collapse,\" said an officer.The victims were rushed to Hedgewar Hospital and G T B Hospital. A case has been registered at the Jagatpuri police station and investigations are on to ascertain the exact cause of the blast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16817228", "title": "Cadaver crisis hits anatomy study in homeopathy college", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Shortage of cadavers in Abhinna Chandra Homoeopathic Medical College and Hospital here has affected anatomy teaching in the college with first year students using a mutilated two-and-a-half-year-old cadaver.The medical college, set up in 1969, has to depend on SCB Medical College and Hospital, Cuttack, to get cadavers. In the last five years, it has got only two cadavers. College sources said cadaver dissection is taught to first year students, but due to availability of only one cadaver, at present students are not able to do their practical classes properly. \"While SCB medical college uses 24 cadavers a year for 150 first year students, we have access to only one for 50 students,\" said a teacher of the college.Principal of the college Suryamani Mishra said no new cadaver has been available since the past two-and-half years. \"We don't have any option but to depend on SCB medical college, which provides us with cadavers only when they have a surplus. It has been a big problem as we are not able to meet the demand of students when they press for new cadavers,\" Mishra told TOI.Santanu Patra, a first year student, said the students are using the two-and-a-half-year-old cadaver as they have no option. \"Due to the shortage, the body has been divided into two pieces vertically from head to toe to meet our requirements,\" said Patra.Principal of SCB Medical College and Hospital Prakash Mahapatra said they mostly use unclaimed bodies in the hospital as cadavers. \"According to rules, medical colleges can accept bodies from individuals who have made a specific request for their bodies to be bequeathed for medical study. However, the Human Tissue Act, 2004, stipulates that formal consent is needed, if a body is not unclaimed,\" he said. \"The homoeopathic college doesn't take cadavers from us by following official procedures. They make informal requests and we give it to them depending on availability,\" Mahapatra said, adding, \"We are running short of cadavers ourselves. Hence, it is not possible for us to cater to the homoeopathic college's request.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16815209", "title": "'Avoid Eid animal sacrifice in Puja'", "text": "KOLKATA: In a reciprocal gesture to the state government's decision to suspend immersion of Durga idols on October 26 and 27, so that Eid- ul-Zuha celebrations do not conflict with immersion processions, the Calcutta Khilafat Committee has asked members of the community to avoid sacrificing animals during the four Puja days.\"As a gesture of appreciation for the commendable decision of the state to abstain from immersion for Eid, the Calcutta Khilafat Committee has asked members of the community to show restraint and concern by avoiding sacrifice of animals on Saptami, Ashthami, Nabami and Dashami (October 21-24), so that Puja celebrations is not inconvenienced or sentiments hurt by such activity,\" a spokesperson said.It has also called for purchase of sacrificial animals in local groups, so that they can be transported in covered vehicles and not herded through the streets so that it does not inconvenience Puja revellers and is less stressful for animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16816586", "title": "Sanjay Joshi visits former BJP MLA\u2019s house", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) leader Sanjay Joshi visited former BJP MLA Bhavin Sheth's residence in Nehru Nagar on Sunday morning for a social function. He refrained from making any statements on the occasion and left for Surat.Joshi was greeted by his supporters on his arrival at Kalupur railway station. He went to Bhavin Sheth's residence at Azad Society at 7.30 am where several BJP workers met him. A bete noire of chief minister Narendra Modi, Joshi refrained from making any political statement and stated that he was on a personal visit and was going to Surat to attend Swami Vivekananda Mahotsav. He was at Sheth's residence as Sheth's wife had culminated her Siddhi-tap during the holy month for Jains.Joshi then visited the RSS office and met the office-bearers . He also met Nilesh Trivedi, Haren Pandya's former secretary, who lost his mother recently. Joshi then left for Surat by road. It was Joshi's first visit to the city after his plan for taking a train journey from Mumbai through Gujarat was cancelled earlier this year after pressure from BJP top brass.Joshi said he plans to visit the state again around October 17 and left the venue with some of the supporters .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16817178", "title": "Pyari, Cong force Naveen to move into poll mode", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With suspended MP Pyarimohan Mohapatra stepping up his campaign to connect with BJD workers at the grassroots and the opposition Congress aggressively attempting to reinvigorate itself, chief minister Naveen Patnaik is seemingly forced to move into poll mode.Naveen has since the past few weeks apparently started working on two things: gauging the public mood by touring different districts and improving governance through effective implementation of different welfare schemes. During the past fortnight, he has already toured Ganjam twice, Cuttack and Koraput. On Monday he will pay a visit to Mayurbhanj to inaugurate certain projects and address public meetings. He would follow it up with a trip to Nayagarh later in the week and will be back in Ganjam on October 19 to address a BJD public meeting, sources said.Party insiders said Naveen deliberately chose October 19 for the BJD mass congregation programme in Ganjam to counter a media conference slated to be addressed by his friend-turned-foe Pyarimohan the same day in Bhubaneswar. Pyari has since two weeks floated the Odisha Jana Morcha (OJM), an outfit, he says, is aimed at meeting the aspirations of BJD's workers and strengthening the regional party. An office of OJM has also been opened in Saheed Nagar, a locality where Pyari resides, in the city.Naveen, understandably, has not taken kindly to the developments and already suspended OJM's spokesperson and Pyari's close associate Jagneswar from the BJD. \"Anyone who openly associates with Pyari will obviously face the music,\" quipped a leader considered close to Naveen, indicating the BJD supremo's seriousness to quell dissidence within the party. Despite that, party insiders feel disgruntlement is bound to increase within the ruling party ahead of the 2013 urban elections and the 2014 Lok Sabha and Assembly elections.\"Everybody is toeing Naveen's line because he continues to be popular among the voters. Not many are personally committed to him. As and when they are deprived of their desired positions in the BJD or smell better opportunities elsewhere, they would turn coat,\" observed a BJD minister, requesting anonymity.Apart from managing party affairs and revitalizing the BJD apparatus, Naveen has of late also been laying emphasis on proper implementation of at least 13 welfare schemes, including Rs two-a-kg rice per the poor, launched during his regime. He has also dispatched letters to all 1.08 lakh panchyati representatives and 147 legislators seeking their help in effective implementation of various welfare schemes through palli sabhas and gram sabhas. \"Without good governance, political dividends cannot go to a ruling party. BJD is already in its third term in office. So we are trying to effectively reach out to different sections through proper implementation of different programmes,\" noted a Naveen aide.The problem for Naveen, however, is that the opposition Congress, sensing a possible revival of its sagging fortunes, has since the past couple of months trying to put up a united face and targeting the government with renewed vigour. \"Not only is the Congress attempting to gear up its party machinery, but also attacking the government with newfound confidence. We have to guard against this,\" said a BJD leader, explaining the challenges before Naveen and team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16814987", "title": "Naik slum-dwellers still living under fear", "text": "NAGPUR: City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay may have assured the dwellers of Vasantrao Naik slums about providing security from the goons but they seem to be still living under fear.A section of the slum-dwellers claim that brother of local goon Sheikh Akram, Razzak, has been threatening them of dire consequences following lynching of Akram's younger brother Sheikh Iqbal last week. \"Children have stopped going to school out of fear. Akram's supporters are stealthily frequenting the slums to observe and report back the developments to the goons,\" said a local resident.Fed up with constant harassment from the criminals, an angry mob had lynched Sheikh Iqbal at Vasantrao Naik slum near Bole Petrol pump on Tuesday. Akram and Pintu Shinde were engaged in running gambling dens with alleged support from a section of politicians and police. Akram also extorted money from the dwellers and grabbed their hutment. Following the incident, the alleged murder of Rohit Jain too came to the fore. The highly decomposed body of Rohit Jain was found from a hut at Vasantrao Naik slums.State director general of police Sanjeev Dayal had suspended Senior PI of the Sitabuldi police station Prakash Jadhav immediately after this. Later, CP Dhanvijay suspended second PI Rajesh Jadhav and five other constables of the Detection branch wing of Sitabuldi police station.The CP said that residents threatened by Razzak or anyone else can file a complaint at the police station. \"Let them provide us information about Razzak and we will act,\" he said.The top cop also said that city police department has powers to suspend officials up to the rank of PI while those above can be suspended only by government orders.It has been reliably learnt that the government has also received information about connections between senior police officials of the supervisory level and Akram. \"Some of the low-rung cops were close to Akram,' said a reliable source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16820114", "title": "Tolly stars at a coffee shop's launch", "text": "Tolly stars had a blast at the launch of a coffee shop in the city on Saturday. It also coincided with the success party of Anik Dutta's Bhooter Bhobisyot and the release of Mainak Bhaumik's Maach, Misthi 'n' More's logo.Said stylist Neha Panda who's also acted in Maach, Mishti..., \"It was a fun evening catching up with my friends from the industry. Mainak was being himself and was shying away from everyone. So Parambrata took the lead of playing the host! Unfortunately, Raima Sen couldn't make it to the party. But we had a lovely time clicking pictures and just generally yapping away to glory!\"Swastika Mukherjee looked radiant in a red sari while Parno Mittra kept it simple in a white, lace top paired with black pants. Director Kaushik Ganguly attended the do with wife, Churni. Actor Sreelekha Mitra, models Pamela and Shamaun, musician Neel Dutt and elocutionist Sujoy Prosad Chatterjee were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16815069", "title": "Woman commits suicide, kin alleges dowry harassment", "text": "GURGAON: A 28-year-old married woman committed suicide by consuming poisonous substance in Molahera village on Saturday. The victim was working as Anganwari worker in the village. Her brother has registered a case of abetment to suicide against her husband and sister-in-law. He also alleged that they were demanding for more dowry. Palam Vihar police have lodged an FIR and are investigating the matter.Sanju was rushed to Umkal hospital, where she died during the treatment.Police said victim's husband, Kartar Singh, is working with Haryana Roadways as a conductor in Gurgaon. Sanju, a mother of a 7-year-old boy allegedly took the step after a heated argument exchanged between her and her husband.The victim's brother Jaipal Yadav, a resident of Gadhi Kasola village in Rewari district, told police that his sister had got married in the year 2003 with Singh and after marriage her in-laws kept harassing her for more dowry. Due to the torture, she used to face everyday; she decided to end her life.\"The accused are at large, but we will arrest them as early as possible\", said Surendra Singh, the investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16815783", "title": "Jail inmates\u2019 wages hiked manifold", "text": "PATNA: Here is good news in the offing for jail inmates of the state. Soon, they will earn higher wages for their daily work as the state government has hiked it five times for unskilled prisoners, almost nine times for semi-skilled and 10 times, the highest, for skilled prisoners.IG prison Anand Kishore said an unskilled prisoner will now get Rs 40 instead of Rs 8 after the implementation of the new wage. \"A semi-skilled prisoner will earn Rs 87 instead of a meagre Rs 10. The highest hike has been planned for the skilled prisoner. They will now get Rs 121 instead of Rs 12 for a day's work.\"He further said the wage hike was part of the government's jail reforms. \"The proposal to increase remuneration of prisoners was submitted few months back,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16817172", "title": "Jameshdpur Utilities &amp; Services Company Ltd draws flak for project delay", "text": "MYSORE: Jameshdpur Utilities &amp; Services Company Ltd (Jusco) continues to draw flak for allegedly failing to work on a water project, in spite of signing an agreement with Karnataka Urban Water Supply &amp; Drainage Board (KUWS&DB;) for the same.A tripartite agreement between MCC, KUWS&DB; and Jusco was signed in November 2008 when the Tata Enterprise bagged India's largest water supply and operation management (O&M;) project in Mysore. It was the first such project to provide 24x7 water supply to 65 wards here.As per the agreement, Jusco was to provide 1,30,000 connections by next September. However, it has not provided even a single connection till now.M Laxmana, convener of Association of Concerned and Informed Citizen of Mysore, now wants the authorities to \"terminate the contract immediately and put Jusco officials behind the bars for wasting the taxpayers' money\".According to him, Jusco has utterly failed in issuing bills to consumers through the billing software as per the contract's conditions. \"It has raised a bill without issuing Letter of Credit (LoC) to KUWS&DB;,\" he added. During the implementation of the project, many organizations had protested and requested the MCC to cancel the contract, but to no avail. He also charged the MCC commissioner, and KUWS&DB; authorities with conniving with Jusco and involving in corruption. \"Though Jusco promised 24x7 water supply, currently there is not even three hours of water supply,\" Laxmana rued.MCC commissioner M R Ravi the project has not been able to take off due to unavoidable reasons. \"We have paid Rs 50 crore to Jusco, but their work is not up to level for the money we have paid to them. MCC is making continuous efforts to complete the project in due period,\" he added. Ravi said that the project will be completed by September, and Mysore will be the first city to have 24x7 water supply.When contacted, Jusco project DGM Suresh Sharma denied to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "agwan", "code": "16813929", "title": "Gurdwara in Indira Gandhi killer's name exists", "text": "AGWAN: With all eyes on the commotion over the construction of a memorial, for those who lost their lives in Operation Bluestar in 1984, at the Golden Temple complex; a gurdwara in memory of Satwant Singh, one of the assassins of former prime minister Indira Gandhi hardly draws any attention at Agwan village in Gurdaspur district.Situated in the middle of the village near the Indo-Pak border, the gurdwara is named after Satwant Singh, who remains the last man to be hanged to death on January 6, 1989 at Tihar Jail in Delhi.The Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) also observes the death anniversary of Satwant Singh and Kehar Singh, assassins of Indira Gandhi, on January 6. Sikhs' supreme temporal seat Akal Takht had bestowed upon them the title of 'martyrs of Sikh nation'.Sukhwinder Singh (27), Satwant's nephew and at present the sarpanch of Agwan, said, \"To honour my uncle people in the village named the gurdwara after him, which is visited by many people now\".Sukhwinder, a successful businessman, said Damdami Taksal, the Sikh seminary, had been observing the death anniversary of his uncle for the past 23 years.Following the assassination of Indira Gandhi, the then panchayat of Agwan village, headed by Kulwant Singh, had passed a resolution to boycott the family of Satwant Singh. However, nobody heeded that resolution and the gurdwara was named after the assassin.\"That resolution still stands,\" said Sukhjinder Singh Randhawa, Congress MLA from Dera Baba Nanak, adding that sarpanch Kulwant Singh was then in Congress but now is with Akali Dal.Demanding removal of Satwant Singh's name from the gurdwara, Randhawa said glorifying such people won't send out a good message to the youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16816918", "title": "Struggling to park in an overcrowded lot?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: How many times have you screamed your lungs out in a bid to make the parking attendant help you navigate your vehicle throw a crowded lot? And how many times has he rushed to assist you, a duty that is earmarked for the employees hired by parking contractors? Not too many times, right?A common problem in all parking spaces in Chandigarh, it is often the case that parking attendants merely issue and collect tokens and tickets at entry and exit points. Almost every lot seems under-staffed due to which motorists are left to fend for themselves, trying to park or wriggle out of tight parking spaces. After the Sector 17 parking lot, those in Sector 35 are probably the busiest, what with many hotels, eateries and private offices located there. But the problem is the most severe in these sectors. The parking norms of municipal corporation state that contractors' men have to be stationed at every 50m inside the parking lot to guide commuters while parking and removing vehicles. But that's never the case. Not only this, proper uniform \u2014 which is another code for employees \u2014 is a rule that is often ignored. This leads to confusion among commuters as they don't know who to ask for help.In many parking spaces, underage employees are also deployed regardless of the fact that they are unable to manage the vehicles. A city-based parking contractor admitted that these anomalies are a norm. \"We take parking lots in auction at very high rates and so it is very difficult to employee maximum employees. Sometimes we need underage employees as they don't take a high salary.\"Former in-charge of MC's parking committee M P S Chawla said, \"MC is not strict with parking contractors as almost all norms are rampantly disobeyed. No employee is bothered to ensure safety and security of vehicles. There is monopoly of contractors, which puts pressure on authorities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16817283", "title": "User-specific facilities in city hotels help increase footfalls, revenues", "text": "PUNE: That there are specialty restaurants in high end hotels is well known. City hotels have now gone a step further and have created what one can call 'specialty locations' to attract different genres of customers, thereby adding better bang to each rupee spent on the infrastructure.Says Dewesh Rawat, director of food and beverage at a star hotel in Koregaon Park area, \"We observed that many corporate customers and successful professionals needed space to simply relax and unwind, relishing their favourite drink, listening to music they enjoyed when they were in colleges. An area carved out for these customers was the answer, we thought.\"The hotel has created a stylish lounge serving an array of cocktails and other choices of drinks in the company of retro music that will strike a chord with the achievers who want to sit back and enjoy an evening. Rawat said the effort is to understand the underlying aspiration of this customer who is in the thirties or older, who doesn't quite feel inclined for the bustle of the hip discotheque or the formalness of any of the dining restaurants.The place has thus been laid out in an informal elegance to offer the customers the choice of holding an informal get together with close friends or business associates or simply unwind after a hard day's work, Rawat said.A business hotel at Hinjewadi has executive lounges aligned with its high-end rooms and suites where the guests can hold informal meetings in the after hours. These lounges have meeting spaces, internet stations and well stocked bars, said Abhishek Rajagolkar, associate director of sales. He said the hotel has set up a sizzlers corner, where expat guests can look forward to steak sizzlers they are used to enjoying back home.The initiatives, hoteliers said, have shown results in increased footfall and higher spend. A hotel industry analyst said efforts such as these will go a long way to higher popularity and revenues for the hotels. \"Amid a depressed economic atmosphere globally and also to a great extent in India, hotels are seeing a drop in their occupancy levels. Relevant and appealing experiences like a user specific location within the properties will help shore up their incomes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16817215", "title": "A few good men show the way to resist temptation", "text": "CHENNAI: Several medical practitioners may be enjoying the hospitality and gifts from big pharma companies, but there are a few who refuse to be tempted.Dr C S Rex Sargunam, who has a clinic in Adyar, and Dr V Pugazhenthi, a gold medalist from Madurai Medical College in 1989, now practising in a village near Kalpakkam, are two such examples. They are not celebrated in medical circles, but for their patients, they are a blessing. Dr Sargunam, 67, a former director of the Institute of Child Health and Hospital for Children, Egmore, says there are a lot of doctors like him who refuse to take incentives from pharma companies. \"It is easy to be unethical in the absence of strict laws and monitoring. The bigger nexus is between the government and drug makers though doctors are seen as the violators,\" says Sargunam, who passed out of the Madras Medical College in 1968. Sargunam charges a consultation fee of 20 per patient. From poor patients, he takes nothing. \"As big pharma lobbies monopolise certain drugs, cheaper generic drugs are not available at many medical stores,\" says Sargunam, who is a member of the Tamil Nadu Health Development Association, a collective of public health activists.\"At a time when pharma companies cater to doctors after studying their tastes and interests, we need a campaign among doctors to refuse the hospitality of drug makers,\" adds Sargunam , who spends from his pocket to travel and attend medical conferences. \"These days, medical conferences are being looked at as a chance for a luxury trip for doctors and their families,\" he says. That distribution and sale of medicines doesn't come under the health department - it is regulated by the chemicals and fertilizers department - makes such corruption easy, he says. Dr Pugazhenthi, who has been serving in seven villages around Kalpakkam for 22 years, says pharma companies share their profits with multiple agencies. \"A medicine manufactured in a plant is sold under different brand names at different prices. This pushes up the price 10 times over the actual cost. Also, the government does not seem keen to promote and control quality of generic drugs,\" says Pugazhenthi , who buys quality generic drugs for his poor patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16817061", "title": "Bear stray dog menace for another month", "text": "LUDHIANA: The stray dog menace will continue to bite you for some more time. The municipal corporation will put forth an agenda to hire an agency for sterilization of 24,000 stray canines in the general house meeting -- which will be held after about a month. As the exercise will involve a huge expenditure of more than Rs 2 crore, the authorities await a nod to float tenders for it.MC joint commissioner Amarjit Singh Sekhon said, \"Last year, 4,000 dogs were sterilized. There was also a proposal to construct a state-of-the-art hospital in public-private partnership (PPP) mode near Diary Complex for sterilization of stray dogs. But later, MC decided against it as it involved a huge cost. Now, we have again made a proposal to get doctors from Maharashtra and Bangalore to sterilize the canines. Since sterilization cost for each dog is Rs 700, we need more than Rs 2 crore for 24,000 canines.\"\"After getting a nod, we will prepare the estimates and float tenders,\" he added. \"We are aware of the problem and want to solve it at the earliest,\" said Rakesh Kumar Verma, municipal corporation commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16815485", "title": "Thane miffed by mechanical meters", "text": "THANE: With three of every five autorickshaws in Thane city still running on mechanical meters, the revised fares have started pinching commuters even more.\"Earlier, I would pay close to Rs 40, but with the new fare card, my trip costs Rs 60-65. Most autos are still plying on mechanical meters, but charging revised fares. What makes matters worse is that they have their own way of interpreting the fare card,\" said Milind Sawant, who always takes an auto from his home in Hirandani Meadows to Thane station. \"The last time I took an auto with a mechanical meter, the driver and I almost ended up having a brawl. He was asking for Rs 70!\"Thane's regional transport officer N K Patil said that close to 50% of autorickshaws in the city had not switched to electronic meters, but were continuing to charge commuters as per the revised tariff. \"It is quite natural that people are e fuming. Despite fares having gone up, drivers continue to fleece commuters. Also, they often turn down passengers who want to travel short distances.\"He said the RTO will launch a campaign from Monday against errant auto drivers. \"The drive will be against refusals and for the installation of electronic meters.\"Regular commuters complain that most electronic meters have not been recalibrated as per the revised fare.Patil said, \"Earlier, the meter reading began at 1.6 km and moved up every 200 metres. Now, the entire thing has been revised. Electronic meters will now have to be recalibrated to start at 1.5 km and move upward every 100 metres. We have given auto drivers a 45-day deadline (from October 11). We are also seeking assistance from the industrial training institute and other agencies to revise the meters and ensure that they are tamperproof.\"Thane commuters can direct queries related to fares on a helpline started by the RTO: send an SMS to 9819954994 with abbreviations like 'arc' for autos running on CNG or 'arp' for petrol-driven three-wheelers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16818555", "title": "Rupee down 25 paise vs dollar", "text": "MUMBAI: The rupee today weakened by 25 paise to 53.06 against the US dollar in early trade, extending previous losses at the Interbank Foreign Exchange due to increased demand for the American currency.Besides increased dollar demand from importers and euro's weakness overseas ahead of a European leaders austerity meeting later in the week, a lower opening in the domestic equity market put pressure on the rupee, forex dealers said.Meanwhile, the BSE benchmark Sensex fell by 74.52 points, or 0.39 per cent, to 18,600.66 in early trade today.The rupee had lost 13 paise to end at 52.81 against the dollar in the previous session on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16814394", "title": "Actress takes up the bow and wins a state gold", "text": "KOCHI: She was attention personified. Her eyes fixed on the bullseye, Ananya (officially Ayilya G Nair) shot more than 70 arrows into the concentric colours to underline that glam has not taken away even a bit of her skills. The popular south Indian actress, who shot to fame through the Tamil blockbuster Engaeyum Eppothum, had won the Kerala state archery championship in 2006 in the recurve category.But her hectic film schedule kept her away from taking a bow and arrow for more than five years.On Saturday, she celebrated her return in style bagging gold in the women's 50m compound event in the Kerala State Archery Championship at the St Albert's College ground in Kochi. Ananya moved to the compound category on her comeback and surprised herself with the gold. She scored 466 out of 720.\"I was bit tensed at the start. Lack of practice was the main problem, and it was a bit of a struggle taking a convincing lead over the others. However, I felt more confident after the first half, and that kept me going,\" Ananya, who has more than 25 films to her credit in Malayalam, Tamil and Telugu, told TOI after her victory.\"The comeback was never an easy decision. The passion for archery was always there. The support of my coach, Jorris, and Ernakulam team coach OR Ranjith helped me a lot in making a winning return,\" added Ananya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16814528", "title": "Old Hyderabad abuzz with Dasara sales", "text": "HYDERABAD: With Dasara just around the corner, shoppers from across the twin cities as well as surrounding districts are thronging the textile markets of Madina in large numbers to make retail and wholesale purchases. In fact, some traders here claim that Dasara sales are better compared to their Eid sales in August this year.During the last two years or so, the markets here had reported poor business due to Telangana agitation and recurrent bandhs. However, this year traders are content. Mohammed Kareem, a trader on the Patthergatti stretch says that most of the dealers started preparations last month to avoid last minute uncertainties. He said that the Dasara merchandise arrived about a fortnight ago and the demand for kanchi silk saris and the new varieties of dress materials is on the rise this season.A little ahead in Sultan Bazaar and Badi Chowdi area, Arun Ganatra, who has a chain of five stores said, \"Festive shopping began last week. While sales are average now, we are hopeful of good business in the days to come. Badi Chowdi market is famous for salwar sets and saris. Celebrity outfits are also available here.\" He added that people from all over the twin cities come here for the wide and unique variety of clothes the shops offer. Old City traders say that the markets in Madina are the oldest textile hubs in the twin cities. With Dasara celebrated on a large scale in the Telangana region, the demand for clothes is big. Not just denizens but wholesalers and retailers from the city and other parts of the state rely on this market to get the best deals. Mehfooz Ahmed, president, Old City Traders Association, says, \"This is twin city's main market as everything is available. The pricing is reasonable and it has a lot to offer the customers,\" said Ahmed. He also said that compared to last season, the customer flow has improved considerably, as the city is largely peaceful this time. For jewellery and other accessories, Laad Bazaar remains the most preferred destination, he added.However, the daily four-hour long power shutdowns and the 10 pm deadline imposed by the police have come as a bane during this festive season, traders concede. While the rise in diesel prices among other commodities have led to a marginal rise in the prices, but it is no deterrent for buyers, traders say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16815896", "title": "Harsheel, Riya selected for world junior badminton championships", "text": "NAGPUR: At 16, Harsheel Dani is already regarded as one of the most promising shuttlers in the country. The 6 feet 2 inch tall left-hander will get another chance to enhance his reputation when he will represent India in the prestigious BWF World Junior (U-19) Badminton Championships to be held at Chiba, Japan, from October 25 to November 3.Another Mumbai shuttler Riya Pillai has also been included in the girls' team after the withdrawal of PV Sindhu due to injury. Perhaps for the first time, two Maharashtra players have been selected in the world juniors side.Although, the Badminton Association of India (BAI) has not announced the squad officially, the secretary of Maharashtra Badminton Association, Sunder Shetty, confirmed the news.\"Yes, both Harsheel and Riya have been selected. They are attending the Indian camp at Lucknow along with other team members. It is a proud moment for Maharashtra that two players from the state got place in the Indian team,\" Shetty told TOI on Sunday.Harsheel, who turned 16 on August 12, is the youngest member in the Indian squad but he could not break the record of Anand Pawar, who had played world juniors at the age of 15, around a decade ago.Harsheel's coach and Anand's father Uday Pawar is happy about his ward's selection but thinks Harsheel should make his selection count. \"Barely in the Indian team is not a great achievement. I want him to perform well and bring the glory to India. He has the talent to do it and I am hopeful about good results from him,\" said Pawar, who runs a badminton academy at Goregaon Sports Club in Mumbai.Harsheel, the national U-19 champion, had represented India in the Asian Youth U-17 championship held in China earlier this month.Riya trains under Mangirish Palekar at Shuttle Craze Academy, Khar Gymkhana. Soon after she celebrated her 18th birthday on October 10, Riya got the good news about his selection. Riya was part of the Indian team during the ABC junior championship held in Korea, 3 months ago.Both Harsheel and Riya were also part of the Nagpur team, Graceful Gulls, owned by Gracelands, in the Maharashtra Badminton League.Indian Squad :Boys: Harsheel Dani, Rohit Yadav, Pratul Joshi, Gopi Raju, Nagendra Hema, Aditya Joshi, Santosh Ravuri and P Venkatesh.Girls: Riya Pillai, Rituparna Das, Ruthvika Shivani, K Manisha, Aarthi Sara Sunil, N Meghana, Poorvashi Shankar Ram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16814166", "title": "IED to target forces in Manipur defused", "text": "IMPHAL: A major attack on security forces by rebels was averted in Manipur's Thoubal district as experts defused a powerful improvised explosive device (IED) containing 2.5 kg of RDX.\"On Saturday, a resident of the district's Ushoipokpi village informed Assam Rifle's Lilong post about a suspicious object placed near the bridge,\" said an Assam Rifles statement, adding the company commander, along with his road troops rushed to the spot and identified the IED. \"The area was cordoned off immediately, traffic was halted and police bomb disposal team was informed,\" said the statement.The troops assisted by civilians, police and bomb disposal team defused the IED. It was found that the IED was placed in an aluminum container with 2.5 kg of RDX. It also had a nickel cadmium 9 volt battery as a power source and a sophisticated remote activation circuit with antenna, the statement said.\"A local youth club and the residents of Ushoipokpi and Lilong raised their voice against the rebels and said such acts should not be repeated, especially in view of the forthcoming festive season,\" the statement added, adding the nefarious designs of rebels to disturb the region's peace and tranquility will be thwarted by security forces. \"We caution the rebels to refrain from such acts of cowardice,\" said Assam Rifles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16818585", "title": "Google celebrates 107th anniversary of Winsor Zenic McCay's Little Nemo in Slumberland", "text": "NEW DELHI:Celebrating the 107th anniversary of Winsor Zenic McCay's Little Nemo in Slumberland, Google on Monday displayed an animated and colourful doodle. Today's doodle is a tribute to his creativity and creation of fictional characters who won hearts of millions with their adventures.Winsor Zenic McCay, born on September 26, 1869 in Spring Lake, Michigan (U.S), was an animator and cartoonist who worked under the pen name Silas for legal reasons.He realized his zeal towards art during his youth while he was in Ypsilanti. So, to pursue his passion, he underwent his only formal art training from Eastern Michigan University formerly known as John Goodison of Michigan State Normal College.Winson McCay was highly admired for his bold use of colour. And with his creativity he amazed his readers and surpassed his contemporaries, and also set an example of inspiration for many.Little Nemo in Slumberland was his first comic strip series that revolves around about the little character Nemo and his dreams. The intriguing character has to reach 'Slumberland', the realm of King Morpheus, as the latter wanted Nemo with his daughter.His first major comic strip was 'A Tale of the Jungle Imps' by Felix Fiddle based on creatures of jungle that tells about their adaptation to a hostile world.Today's animated Google doodle pays tribute to the weekly comic strips that appeared on the October 15, 1905 - July 23, 1911 and September 3, 1911 - July 26, 1914, respectively.The header of the doodle is 'Little Nemo in Google Land'.In the doodle, Little Nemo while asleep is seen falling in his dreams from his bed into a hole and rescued by Princess Camille, daughter of Morpheus.The doodle beautifully narrates the story of the Little Nemo in Slumber and his adventures through the Google-land and eventually falls out of his bed.In July 26, 1934, the animator and cartoonist Winsor Zenic McCay died of a cerebral embolism and was cremated at the Cemetery of the Evergreens in Brooklyn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16814998", "title": "State health dept introduces pentavalent vaccine for kids", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana health department has introduced pentavalent vaccine to provide protection against five deadly childhood diseases.The vaccine has been recently introduced to provide protection against diseases, including Diphtheria, Pertussis, Tetanus, Hepatitis B and childhood pneumonia, a spokesman of the health department said here on Sunday.He said that this vaccine was introduced at a state level workshop organised here for concerned officials to apprise them about its various aspects and build their skill regarding its usage and potential.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16817038", "title": "Demand for bus fare concession", "text": "BHOPAL: Members of Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat (ABGP) have demanded fare concession in low floor buses.They submitted a memorandum to the Bhopal mayor Krishna Gaur on Sunday and raised the demand. The panchayat activists demanded that students of colleges and schools be given concession pass on all existing routes of low-floor buses, said a release of the organization.The members alleged that at times, conductors charge less money than the actual fare and pocket it instead of handing it over to the depot. They also do not provide tickets to passengers.The result is the civic body is losing much revenue, the memorandum said. The panchayat members also demanded that the operation of buses should be enhanced during the up-coming festivals. State secretary Ghanshyam Chandrawanshi, Ajay Agrawal, joint secretary and district secretary Sushil Gehlot were among others present.Five hurt in cylinder blastFive persons of a family sustained injuries in a gas cylinder explosion in Jehangirabad area on Sunday afternoon. The police said the incident took place in the house of Ashfaq Khan. His daughter Zenab was making tea when the cylinder exploded. Khan, Parveen, Alam and Kaif, besides Zenab sustained injuries and were later admitted to hospital. There were also reports that two mini-cylinders kept in the same room also exploded and later caught fire. The victims' multi-storied house was also damaged and goods kept in it were gutted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16816419", "title": "Invest to beat inflation", "text": "Your money is not safe... even in a bank. Inflation nibbles at its value every day, eroding the purchasing power of your wealth. The value erosion will be greater if you have cash lying in a locker , but even in a savings bank account it loses value . Here is a perspective of what 10% inflation can do to your savings. If you have 50,000 in your bank account, it will grow to about 52,000 in a year. But 12 months from now, prices will be higher and 52,000 will buy only goods worth 47,270 today.According to BluFin, which tracks consumer sentiment in the country, inflation has become a major worry for consumers in the metros. The BluFin Consumer Confidence Index (CCI) is based on nationwide monthly surveys of 4,000 respondents across 18 cities. The Inflation Sentiment score in the seven metro cities fell sharply from 30.2 in July to 14.9 in August. On a scale of 100, this means consumers in metros are very pessimistic about inflation. These fears are not unfounded. Your household budget could go into a tailspin after the cascading effect of the diesel hike gets factored into consumer prices. \"There could be a further spike in prices as the rise in transportation costs is passed on to consumers ,\" agrees BluFin CEO Rashid Bilimoria. \"The festive season this year will be quite muted because of inflation.\"The slowdown in the economy has added to the consumers' woes. According to a Mercer study, the average white collar worker got a 12% salary hike this year and increments in 2013 are not likely to be any higher.The only way you can avoid this is by investing intelligently. The foremost rule is not to let your money idle in a savings bank account. Never mind the attractive 6-7 % being offered on the balance by some banks. Your money must grow faster than that to retain its purchasing power. Money management portals are very useful here. \"The user is alerted by the software if there is excess money in his savings bank account. He is also given unbiased advice on where to invest that money based on his risk profile,\" says Rahul Parikh, head of Aditya Birla Money MyUniverse.Paradoxically, an investor can also gain from high inflation because it helps reduce his tax on capital gains. Tax rules allow investors to adjust the cost of an asset to the inflation during the holding period. Also known as inflation indexation, this is done by dividing the invested amount by the cost inflation number of the year of purchase, and then multiplying the answer with the cost inflation number of the year of sale.The cost inflation number is given out by the government every year. Last fortnight, it announced that the cost inflation number for 2012-13 is 852. This means that if you choose the indexation option , you won't have to pay any tax even if your debt fund has earned 10% annualised returns in the past three years. What's more, the notional loss of 1,710 on the investment can be adjusted against gains from other investments. If it can't be adjusted, it can be carried forward for up to eight financial years. Informed investors such as Delhi-based Pankaj Gulati are using this to the hilt. \"With the current high inflation, one doesn't have to pay any tax on the capital gains from debtoriented mutual fund schemes after inflation indexation,\" he says.However, only debt funds, including FMPs, and debt-oriented hybrid schemes are eligible for indexation benefit. Long-term gains from equity and balanced funds are already tax-free.It is often said that a diversified portfolio is a good hedge against volatility, but it can also be your shield against inflation. Do not shy away from volatile assets such as stocks if you want to stay ahead of consumer prices. Even the most riskaverse investor should have at least 10-15 % in equities . A 100% debt portfolio will always lag behind the inflation rate. This is also why the monthly income plans from mutual funds have about 10-20 % of their corpus in stocks.Besides equities, gold offers a cushion against rising prices. Gold prices are on a roll because it shares a strong correlation with inflation. So if inflation continues to rule at high levels, your investment in gold is also likely to give high returns. However, don't allocate more than 10% of your portfolio to the yellow metal. Experts say that while gold is a hedge against inflation, the current high price indicates that it is no longer the safe haven it has always been.Besides intelligent investing, you can save by efficient consumption. When was the last time you checked the pressure in your car tyres? Experts say that maintaining the recommended pressure in the tyres can improve a vehicle's mileage by up to 5%. Driving at an optimum speed of 55-60 kmph, using the right gears and getting the car serviced regularly can boost the mileage by another 15-20 %.The savings can be higher if you join a car pool. If two others join in, you could cut your fuel cost by 60-65 %, even as you spare yourself the trouble of driving through rush-hour traffic every day.You can also make your shopping more costeffective by intelligent use of credit cards. So, if you time your purchases correctly and buy at the beginning of the billing cycle, the charges will appear only in the next month's bill and you could get up to 50 days of interest-free credit. This strategy works best if you have two or three cards, each with a different billing cycle. Also, you must pay the entire bill by the due date, otherwise the high interest charged will nullify the savings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16814999", "title": "Widow has a legal right in pa-in-law's property: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: Allowing an appeal of circle officer against whom allegations were made of tampering with records for including the name of a widow in the mutation documents of her father-in-law's property, the Bombay High Court's Aurangabad bench has ruled that the woman has a right in the property.According to details of the case, Mallikarjun Wagdale was the owner of an agricultural land at Ambajogai in Beed district. At the time of his death, land measuring 23 acres was in his name. His wife Bhagirathi had already expired and after her death, the mutation was made. Mallikarjun left behind four sisters, including Shilabai Banale, along with his son Chandrakant and his wife Kusum. Chandrakant also passed away after his father's death.As Kusum's name was not mentioned in the mutation of Mallikarjun's property, she made an application for its inclusion. Accordingly, petitioner Gautam Puri, who was circle officer at that time, included her name in the mutation records.Shilabai then filed a police complaint against Puri and Kusum for offences of forgery and cheating under Sections 218, 465, and 420 of IPC. She alleged that both of them mutated Kusum's name in the revenue record of the land of Mallikarjun behind back her back. She contended that Puri did not issue notification or notice to inform them about application made by Kusum and showed haste in making the entries by creating false records.Puri then moved to the sessions court for quashing the proceedings and FIR filed by Kusum, but the court observed that he included Kusum's name without following the due procedure and rejected his case. He then filed a criminal application in the high court challenging this order.The high court while allowing his prayers observed that as Chandrakant was dead, his widow and his issues were entitled to take his share. \"If names of Kusum and her issues were not in the revenue record, she had the right to make such application. The mutation document does not show that any document like mutual compromise deed was produced by Kusum. The revenue authorities only entered the names of all the legal representatives of Mallikarjun, including that of Shilabai. It cannot be said that wrongful loss was caused to complainant Shilabai due to this mutation,\" a single-judge bench of Justice TV Nalawade observed.\"Even if it is presumed that necessary procedure was not followed, it can be said that Kusum had a right as widow of Chandrakant in the property. Property of Mallikarjun will be succeeded by his widow, son and daughters even if it is presumed that it was his self acquired property,\" the judge ruled before disposing of the plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16817448", "title": "A dose of laughter to heal their geriatric troubles", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: How about going for a medical check-up and laughing your heart out? The elderly in Kesavadasapuram are going to experience exactly this. Soon, the elderly who will turn up for a check-up or medical consultation as part of the Vayomithram project will also be served an extra dose of laughter, along with medicines.A laughing session will be organized in connection with monthly Vayomithram camps. Kesavadasapuram ward councillor George Louis, who has been organizing Vayomitram project in his ward, hit upon the idea after he realized that the majority of the elderly who turned up were old and depressed.\"There used to be a widower who would turn up for our camps regularly. He always wore a cadaverous look. Once he failed appear for the medical camp. We later learnt that he committed suicide unable to cope with his loneliness. Like him, there are so many elderly people in my ward who have not laughed for a long time. I just want to bring a small difference to their mundane schedule through the Vayomithram camp,\" said Louis.Vayomithram camps are mainly meant for ailing patients above the age of 60. Patients belonging to APL and BPL categories can avail this camp. The councillor said that there were a few well-off people in his ward who attend the camp for two reasons. \"First, they can monitor their diseases. Secondly, they feel at home being with people at least for one day,\" added Louis.The camp will also incorporate counselling sessions for elderly parents, who maintain strained relations with their children. \"Every patient will tell us a thousand tales of how they are being ill-treated by their children. Sometimes we think medicines alone can't cure their disease. From now on laughing and counselling sessions will also be held as part of Vayomithram camp,\" said Louis.Loius is planning to initiate talks with some NGOs regarding the conduct of counselling and laughter sessions. Vayomithram project is being implemented at a cost of Rs 50 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16819879", "title": "Shahid Kapoor follows footsteps of Aamir-Salman", "text": "Shahid Kapoor will be the first male star from the young generation of Bollywood to play a cop.Aamir Khan and Salman Khan have recently donned the khakhi uniform in films like Talaash and Dabangg respectively. But nobody from the younger generation of Bollywood has played a cop - be it Ranbir Kapoor , Imran Khan or Ranveer Singh.Shahid Kapoor is going to be the first male star from the young generation of Bollywood to dawn this avatar. The actor has signed a film with Neeraj Pandey where he is going to be seen for the first time ever in police uniform. \"He will be playing the character of a cop which he has never played before and is working towards preps for getting into the skin of his character\", says a source closely associated with the film.The anticipation of seeing Shahid as a cop in a film gets doubled when Neeraj Pandey gets added to the picture as he is known for making a film in this genre with great aesthetics. Having given a well acclaimed film A Wednesday in 2008, Neeraj Pandey's strength as a director lies in filming cop genre films brilliantly well.Shahid will be seen juggling between edgy films this year. Before he starts shooting as a cop for Neeraj Pandey's film, he will be working on Prabhudeva's film Namak and Tips' next venture Phata Poster Nikla Hero costarring Ileana D'cruz and directed by Rajkumar Santoshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16816206", "title": "Fair books record footfalls on last day", "text": "LUCKNOW: Publishers who participated in the 10th National Book Fair, on Sunday promised to come back next year too in the city and mingle once again with the bibliophiles.The first timers were jubilant with the profit they made during the ten-day book fair. \"The overall response was very encouraging,\" said Raja Ram Shenoy, a book seller while packing his bags at the fair.Endorsing similar views, another book seller Rajeev Singh Rathore said, \"We are thrilled with the positive response we got from Lucknowites.The crowd was more than we expected, which proves that people in the city are crazy for books.\"Rahul Mitra, sales executive of a publishing house, who has been coming to the fair for the past 10 years said, \"Earlier there were few publishers, visitors and sponsors. But over the years, the popularity of fair has soared. Now we do not have a minute to spare.\"Organisers too shared their happiness on the last day. Umesh Dhall, vice-president, Knowledge Tree Foundation (KTF), the organiser said, \"It's good to see people flocking in large numbers the fair. It encourages us to bring more and more new publishers to the fair.\"Meanwhile, Moti Mahal Lawns, the venue of the fair was jam packed on Sunday.The footfall crossed the 40,000 leaving no inch of space to move in between the book stalls.At every corner of the fair, bibliophiles were busy in searching their favourite books. Visiting the fair for the first time, Alka Chwala, a native of Gonda said, \"I am surprised to see the varied collection of books and lucrative discounts available on them. I had come to purchase books on new recipes, but was lost in the sea of books. I even purchased story books and next year, I will visit the fair.\"Similarly, Pragati Pandey, a college student who was juggling with three bags of books said, \"It was an excellent experience at the book fair, as I ended up buying books, which I have been searching in the market for a long time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "santiniketan", "code": "16815208", "title": "Visva Bharati girl sticks to molestation charges", "text": "SANTINIKETAN: The Visva Bharati agriculture department student, who was allegedly molested by a professor Siddhartha Dev Mukherjee of the department, stuck to her allegations on Sunday after a meeting with the members of a committee set up to look into such cases.The girl, who hails from Manipur, has completed her post graduation from the department at the Sriniketan campus of Visva Bharati and wanted to get herself admitted to the university as a research scholar. Last week, she had alleged that the professor had asked her to come to his chamber to download some research-related documents and later molested her. The victim had qualified in the written exams, but the interview was due. Before leaving Santiniketan, the girl had lodged a complaint with vice-chancellor Sushanta Duttagupta. After receiving the complaint, Duttagupta forwarded it to the panel headed by senior professor Sabujkali Sen.The victim narrated her plight before the committee members in the meeting, which lasted for over three hours. She was accompanied by her parents. The girl also told the committee members that she doesn't want an admission to the university as a research scholar anymore. A senior teacher from the department was also summoned on Sunday. A committee member said they would soon summon the accused, who has already denied the allegations.Meanwhile, no police complaint has been lodged so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16816643", "title": "Stamp expo draws crowds to post office", "text": "MANGALORE: The huge and varied collection of stamps displayed at the head post office in the port city has been drawing the attention of people from all walks of life in the past few days. The exhibition organized as part of National Post Week will conclude today.Jane D'Souza, a 60-year-old philatelist, exhibited 130 postal covers bearing rare stamps with the theme \"first day cover\" here on Sunday. All these stamps were released from 1956 to 1975. A first day cover is a stamped envelope, postal card or other postal material that was processed at the post office where the stamp was issued for the first time.Jane's rare collection includes a stamp, which has pictures of Bombay, Calcutta and Madras university. This stamp was released in 1957 on the occasion of the centenary celebration of these three universities. Five colourful stamps of different dance forms, which were issued in 1975, are the centre of attraction. There were also some rare stamps related to children, Subash Chandra Bose and others.Jane, who is also the member of Dakshina Kannada Philatelists and Numismatic Association said exhibition of stamps, is informative to children to learn about the history of yesteryear because stamps are released either in memory of eminent personalities or as part of the some auspicious occasion.\"Today, because of email facility, stamps collection hobby is not popular among college and school students,\" Jane said, adding that the presence of students at such exhibition raises hope for the hobby in the future.Jane has a collection of thousands of stamps, which include very rare Indian and Kuwait stamps.Of these rare stamps, Jane has a huge collection of stamps based on women, which include women politicians, freedom fighters and social workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16814830", "title": "Hyderabad on edge over PM\u2019s brief visit", "text": "HYDERABAD: Such a short visit and such complex arrangements! Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will be in Hyderabad for barely two hours and forty-five minutes on Tuesday, but the arrangements being made by the administration are so mind boggling that many citizens are wondering whether it is worth having him over at all to speak for 15 minutes at the Conference of Parties (CoP).The PM will land at Begumpet at 3 pm on Tuesday and immediately fly out in a helicopter to HICC, where the CoP meetings are being held. But the helicopters that the PM travels by create huge wind velocity at the time of landing. In fact, the winds are so strong that they will blow away temporary structures erected outside the CoP site for food and other stalls. Since the UN agency involved in organising CoP was not ready to shift these temporary structures, a new landing site has now been readied at a spot a little away. A mock drill has also been held at the new spot over the weekend to ensure that everything will be hunky doryThis is not the end of the story: after his speech at the CoP, the PM will not fly out. He will travel by car to Gachibowli to unveil a pylon at a proposed bio-diversity park and a museum on 15 acres of land. From here, Manmohan will not go back to HICC. Instead, he will go to the Cyberabad police commissionerate which is in the same area on old Bombay Highway. Here, another temporary helipad has been readied from where his helicopter will take him to Begumpet for his return journey to Delhi. The HICC- Gachibowli trip will not be by helicopter as it will take a few minutes less by road.But in spite of all the 'air'' arrangements being made for the PM, the common motorist on the road will have no relief. This is because the cavalcades of other VVIPs like the chief minister and the governor will whiz through the roads even as ordinary denizens will have to wait. Traffic restrictions will be in place from Begumpet to Gachibowli during the PM's visit. Vehicular traffic will not be allowed on Begumpet Airport- Punjagutta - Road Number 1, Banjara Hills - Jubilee Check Post - HICC - Hitec City - Biodiversity Park stretch during the VVIP's visit. Sources in the know of things say that the massive arrangements have been put in place not merely to save his valuable time. It is also to ensure that the PM will not encounter any black flags by Telangana protagonists and also that he is not accosted by MPs from T region with their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16815908", "title": "'India spiritual role model for the world'", "text": "JAIPUR: On the occasion of launching of 'future of power' project of Brahmakumaris, energy minister Jitendra Singh said that India has always been a spiritual country and has been a role model for the world. He said that one should take the spiritual route to counter the stressful routine in one's life.Speaking on the occasion, joint chief of Brahma Kumaris Rajyogini Dadi Ratan Mohini said peaceful co-existence and helping others in their time of need are values the next generation must imbibe.In his address, chairman of Aga Khan Development Board and CMD of Adidas team Sport Limited Nizar Juma said India is considered the most powerful country due to its spiritual power. Western countries have used power to amass only wealth and weapons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16817052", "title": "Motorists, take note of traffic diversion in central business district", "text": "MYSORE: Being forewarned is like being forearmed, especially in case of traffic diversion. To facilitate the visitors during Dasara, traffic police have restricted the vehicular movement on several roads in the central business district during October 16-24.One-way traffic rule surrounding the Mysore Palace will be imposed for nine days from Tuesday. City police chief K L Sudheer said they will enforce the restrictions depending on the movement of traffic.Traffic will flow in only one side -- anti-clockwise -- around the Palace on the nine days. People travelling on this route should take note of the restrictions to avoid any inconvenience. Meanwhile, the movement of vehicles from the north direction towards south on a stretch of Sayyaji Rao Road between KR Circle and Ayurvedic Circle and from east towards west direction on a part of Irwin Road from Ayuvedic Circle and Nehru Circle will be closed for traffic till Dasara. However, the rule will not apply on Jumboo Savari day.Motorists coming from Guest House Road or Lokranjan Road have to move towards Albert Victor Road or B-N Road (towards the bus stand side). Traffic on a stretch from Chirag Hotel junction towards Karanji Lake will be closed from the west direction.Banumaiah Road from Chamaraja Double Road junction to Banumaiah Chowk will be one-way, and vehicular movement will be open from south direction. Traffic on Thyagaraja Road between N Madhava Rao Circle and Chamaraja Double Road junction will be restricted from north direction on Vijayadashami from 6am to 5pm. The movement of all types of vehicles will be banned on the Dasara procession route from 6am to 10pm on October 24.Accordingly, vehicles can't ply on Open-Air Theatre Road from Bogadi Road junction to Senate Hall Road junction from 4pm to 10pm during Yuvajanothsava programmes at the theatre.The movement of heavy vehicles will be restricted in Mysore on October 24 from 6am. The drivers entering the city from Nanjangud and Bangalore sides have been directed to take a deviation at ring road.Police have also restricted the movement of government and private buses during Dasara.They too have been given specific routes to travel between the bus stands and destinations outside Mysore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16816684", "title": "Rivals hack auto driver to death", "text": "BANGALORE: A 26-year-old autorickshaw driver was stabbed to death near Kempe Gowda bus station on Saturday night.Driver Naveen Kumar was attacked by a gang who came in two autorickshaws. The men stabbed Naveen repeatedly in the chest and stomach and dumped his body next to a bus parked bear Shanthala Silk House near Kempe Gowda bus station.Police said Naveen, a native of Mandya district and resident of Sunkadakatte, used to drive his auto in areas off Magadi Road. He was an associate of Raghu, who was in jail for some few years.After coming out of jail, Raghu and his friend Ananda planned to kill Naveen and executed their plot on Saturday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16815263", "title": "Student meteorologists to be awarded for forecasts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Indian Meteorological Society of Ahmedabad (IMSA) and Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) announced awards for school students who can predict weather with available resources and contribute to the overall weather forecast. The move, said IMSA officials, is aimed at encouraging youngsters to take more interest in meteorology.The announcement came earlier this week during celebration of International Space Week at Science City where A S Kiran Kumar, chairman of IMSA and director of Space Applications Center (SAC), announced an annual special award for the students meant to develop their interest in weather studies.\"The students can regularly practice the observation of weather parameters like maximum-minimum temperature, humidity, wind direction and velocity, rainfall and can analyze the data to get a report of their data. In order to give a further wing to their own interpretation and observation, IMSA will confer a special award for best studies and practice,\" said Kumar.IMSA vice-president DRM Samudraih told TOI that many students and institutes have been informed about the initiative and they are expecting a good number to turn up for the registration. \"We will not only train students, but also monitor their progress at regular intervals. Weather forecast is a very complex science and we want to introduce the students to it. They will be given knowledge of the process of assessing various parameters and compare it with the data available at platforms such as Meteorological and Oceanographic Satellite Data Archival Center (MOSDAC) of SAC,\" he said.IMSA officials also stated that the data related to local weather conditions collected by students will be valuable in updating the current parameters fed to various software that prepare algorithm for final prediction.The celebration of space week marked a decade of launch of Kalpana I, India's first dedicated meteorological satellite earlier named MetSat. The satellite was designed and launched by ISRO scientists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "16817084", "title": "Goons control mines in Katni", "text": "JABALPUR: When Uma Dutt alias Ballan Tiwari, a life convict out on bail with 10 grievous offences under his belt, decided to make a few fast millions, all he did was to drive down to his village in Sleemnabad one morning, survey the bauxite rich tract, demarcate his territory and order his men to begin mining from next week.Procuring a licence was something which he obviously did not care for and nor did, (luckily for him), the local authorities. Last two years have seen truckloads of bauxite ferried out daily from his heavily guarded mine while officials look the other way.As per the government records there are 481 licensed mines in Katni. The number of unlicensed mines in the district, sources claim, could be just double. The illegal operations began initially with the entry of a powerful nexus of politicians and money bags and the latest to join the bandwagon are goons who earlier did the dirty work for the mining lobby.Tiwari represents this class, which is said to be mushrooming fast in the mineral rich belt of Katni, Satana and Jabalpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "sonepat (haryana)", "code": "16814273", "title": "Haryana khaps gun for \u2018Lok Adalat\u2019 status", "text": "SONEPAT (Haryana): A khap mahapanchayat held here has appealed to the Centre and Haryana government to grant 'khaps' the status of Lok Adalats as their decisions on various issues were \"unanimous\".The meeting, attended by about 70 khaps, said on Sunday that they were open to government representatives taking part in such meetings and voicing their opinions in the debates. They also demanded that marriage in the same gotra should be banned and suggested amendments to the Hindu Marriage Act, 1955, a khap member said.This, they claimed, would keep a check on the growing number of crimes against women , which included rape and female foeticide cases in Haryana.\"Persons responsible for female foeticide should be tried under the charges of murder as number of girls in the state was decreasing,\" he said. The mahapanchayat in the same meeting had brushed aside the idea of a khap leader that the marriageable age of girls should be made 16 years, saying the suggestion was 'individual in nature'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16820337", "title": "Dharmendra to shoot for a Bhojpuri film", "text": "After known actors of Bollywood Amitabh Bachchan, Hema Malini, Jaya Bachchan , Jaya Prada now it is turn of Dharmendra to turn to Bhojpuri film. The actor would be seen in Vimal Kumar's untitled Bhojpuri film to go to floor at the end of this year.The film will also mark the foray of Vimal Kumar into Bhojpuri cinema , the director had earlier directed Hindi films like Suno Sasurji, Tarazu . The other cast of the film is yet to be decided , according to sources. The film would either be shot in locations in Bihar or Gujarat once the recce is done.According to sources, \"Dharamji had given a nod to the film since he had really liked the script of the film and is looking forward to the film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16816733", "title": "Progressive forums decide to approach governor", "text": "MANGALORE: Progressive organizations - AHINDA, CACL-K and National Fishworkers' Forum - have decided to approach Governor HR Bhardwaj on Tuesday to resolve the situation arising out of the move by the Karnataka State Law University (KSLU) not recognizing PG degree in law offered by other universities in Karnataka.KSLU has directed law colleges not to appoint such candidates for if such degrees are obtained after 2011 and terminate their services if already appointed.Lolaksha, working president of AHINDA, said one accept condition laid down by the Bar Council of India barring LLM degree holders, who obtain degree through distance, correspondence courses, from teaching profession as it could affect quality of education imparted.But one cannot accept that Section 6 of KSLU Act, 2009, empowers authorities of KSLU to declare LLM degree awarded by the other universities in Karnataka after 2011 as 'not a valid degree'.Lolaksha contended that statutory bodies such as BCI and UGC are yet to recognize KSLU and the degrees awarded by it. \"If KSLU post graduates were to be accepted, the KSLU should have held convocation and awarded degrees to its students. But until now, KSLU has not held any convocation and not issued PG degree certificates. What is the locus standi of KSLU in refusing to recognize PG degree holders in law who got PG degree after 2011,\" he said. BK Ravindra, former dean of KSLU, admitted that the present situation will have a major bearing on law education scenario in the state.\"The circular issued by the registrar violates the fundamental rights [Article 14, 16(1), 19(g) and 21] guaranteed under the Constitution. It will only set up conflict between KSLU and other universities in the state and also deny the student the right to study a course of his/her choice in a university/institution,\" he said.Students, who have been admitted to LLM degree in other universities of Karnataka after the inception of KSLU, are meritorious law graduates and in which 50% are members belonging to SC/ST and OBCs. If the circular issued by KSLU is implemented by the administrations of private educational Institutions, which are affiliated to KSLU, it will make an irreparable damage on the lives of hundreds of law post graduates, Lolaksha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16816430", "title": "Ranchi to crack down on illegal hostels", "text": "RANCHI: With the boom in Ranchi's education business, migration of students to the city has increased and investing in private hostels has become among the most lucrative business options in the city with many rushing in to cash in on the rising demand for cheap student accommodation. This has led to mushrooming of private hostels and PG accommodation facilities in the city - there are about 300 boys' hostels in and around Lalpur Chowk and 200 girls' hostels near Doranda, Thadpakna and Firayalal.As the demand for accommodation is met in haste, private hostels are flouting rules. Many people are converting spare rooms within residential complexes into hostels. Each room usually has a capacity to accommodate four students. According to the Jharkhand Municipality Act, 2011, using residential property for commercial purposes leads to a penalty of Rs 2,000 to Rs 10,000.The Ranchi Municipal Commission (RMC) is now planning to launch a campaign in order to check the mushrooming illegal students' hostel. During the drive, an RMC team will visit private hostels and penalize owners of unauthorised lodging facilities. Gopalji Tiwari, deputy chief executive officer of RMC, said: \"The relevant forms for registration of hostels are available at RMC offices. Those who have not registered their hostels should do it immediately. RMC will launch a campaign soon.\"Almost half of Ranchi's 500-odd hostels run in an unorganized manner and lack basic amenities. However, no hostel proprietor has been penalised till date under the Act. In Lalpur, a three-bedroom house, if rented to a family, fetches around Rs 8,000 a month. But if the same is converted into a hostel, which requires less expenses, it could fetch as much as Rs 25,000 per month. Charges for a single bed in a boys' hostel are between Rs 1,200 and Rs 2,000 while the same in a girls' hostel are between Rs 2,500 and Rs 5,000.A couple of years ago, Ranchi IG M S Bhatia, who was then the city SSP, carried out a campaign for registration of hostels, but the drive received tepid response as hostel owners hardly faced any pressure from the police.Many hostels are also becoming a den for criminal activities. In the past 12 years, hundreds of cases have been reported when arms and drugs were seized from these hostels. \"In the past one year, the district police have carried out raids and seized guns, bullets and narcotics from these lodges and hostels,\" said Ranchi Vipul Shukla.These hostels have also become a headache for people who live in their vicinity. Youngsters zooming around on bikes are a common sight ant they also create a ruckus in the late hours. \"Boys drinking on the streets is not surprising anymore and drunken brawls in the dead of the night are not very uncommon,\" said Poornima Vajpayee a resident of Lalpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16820118", "title": "Essen Energy holds a workshop on total productive maintenance", "text": "INDORE: Essen Energy has been empanelled by Technology Management Group of National Productivity Council, Delhi to work with the industry in this region towards achieving zero breakdown. Essen Energy also is working in close co-ordination with Environment Division of National Productivity Council, Delhi and Ministry of Environment &amp; Forest to reduce waste in SME in the priority sector viz foundry, re rolling etc since more than a decade.At the inaugural function, chief guest Jagdish Verma, noted industrialist informed the participants to learn and adopt the work philosophy of Japan, the country TPM originated, where the industry have zero breakdown, zero accident and zero rejection in their factories. The guest of honor Father Varghese Alangaden, Founder of Universal Solidarity Movement, suggested the participants to excel in the field of maintenance to have optimal equipment life.In line with this, Essen Energy held a workshop on total productive maintenance (TPM)for industry here recently. Twenty five participants attended the program.The faculty Shrivastava from Bhopal explained the basics and the expansion of TPM, detailing all the eight pillars of TPM, namely 5S, autonomous maintenance, training, safety and environment, including need for the close co-ordination amongst various functions namely production, maintenance, purchase, stores and finance in the organization. While teaching various aspects of maintenance practices, equipment life cycle and overall equipment effectiveness was detailed with examples; average overall equipment effectiveness in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16815405", "title": "Liquor shop set ablaze in Jhunjhunu", "text": "JAIPUR: Hundreds of villagers set a liquor shop on fire demanding its closure in Jhunjhunu's Udaipurwati area on Sunday. The villagers said that the shop was situated near a temple and they had been demanding that it be removed from the place. A meeting was held in the village on October 8 in which they had demanded that the shop be closed. However, authorities did not pay attention.According to SHO, Udaipurwati, Deepak Meena, the incident took place around 12.30 pm on Monday. \"Villagers had gathered at the shop and were shouting slogans. Some of them suddenly got violent and set it on fire,' said Meena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16817567", "title": "IIT-Delhi student shares his experience at programming contest", "text": "Participating in the International Collegiate Programming Contest (ICPC) run by Baylor University , US and the Association of Computing Machinery (ACM), for me, was more of a chance rather than a choice. My rendezvous with ACM-ICPM began towards the end of my first semester at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Delhi. At that time, I didn't realise that it was one of those defining moments that would shape the next several years of my life.Pradeep George Mathias, a batch mate of mine, approached me one day with some exciting news on the ACM-ICPC \u2014 the oldest programming contest globally. Owing to the lack of adequate training, we never really had sufficient exposure to professional coding and programming . The thought of getting to learn from the best in the industry was extremely exciting and hence without wasting any time, I decided to participate at the ACM-ICPC .We made it to the regional round without much preparation and as expected were unable to solve a single technical problem. However, we were determined to make the most of this opportunity . There was buzz on campus that Directi (India's web products company) had announced India's online programming platform, CodeChef, for Indian software developers. The platform encouraged teams to interact with peers and to test and hone their programming skills. On further enquiry, we were told that it had also launched an initiative to support an Indian team to excel at the world finals of the ACM-ICPC . It had pledged a yearly support of US$ 70,000 to nurture teams that could excel in the contest.We were now very serious about competitive programming. I named our team 'Proof,' inspired from a song by Eminem . The first serious programming competition in which we participated was CodeChef's September 2010 contest. Starting that September until December, we worked extremely hard. We virtually skipped all our classes, spent most of our day solving algorithmic problems and programming their solutions, reading up on new algorithmic theories and going through various tutorials.We qualified for the world finals of the ICPC and realised that we faced stiffer international competition. But, we didn't lose hope and moved ahead by working on our weak links. In May 2012, we were back to represent our country. This four-year long journey opened countless new avenues for us. Though we missed getting a medal by a whisker, I think the badge of India's best performance ever is something we are happy to settle with for now.As told to Vishakha Sharma", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814020", "title": "UP will destroy Khurshid's proof to save Mulayam Singh in DA case: Kejriwal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anti-corruption activist Arvind Kejriwal on Sunday claimed that Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav may destroy evidence of alleged embezzlement of funds by law minister Salman Khurshid's trust in order to get the Centre to drop the disproportionate assets case against Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav .Kejriwal, who stepped up his offensive against Khurshid and his wife Louise over alleged embezzlement of public money by their NGO, Dr Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust, questioned Akhilesh's intent to look into the evidence against the couple afresh. \"A probe by UP government has already established that money meant for the differently abled was siphoned off by Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust that the Khurshids control. What is the need for a second investigation,\" he asked.Kejriwal also picked holes in Khurshid's defence, pointing out that the photos shown to journalists with UP government official J B Singh had a banner in the background carrying the date - July 17, 2010. The activist said the alleged irregularities were for the 2009-10 financial year, while the photos referred to a later period. \"He has exposed himself while giving these evidence,\" he said.The India Against Corruption (IAC) chief told TOI that \"further investigation\" by the UP government was just a ploy to organize a clean chit for Khurshid in return for reciprocal help for Mulayam from the CBI in the disproportionate assets case. \"The process of quid pro quo could already be underway,\" he said. The DA case against Mulayam has been pending in Supreme Court for over four years.Kejriwal said Akhilesh will never investigate the case, \"Jaanch nahin, aisi taisi karenge (he will spoil the investigation)\" soon after Khurshid said in a press conference that the government could investigate the allegations. On the U-turn taken by a witness in a TV sting operation, which blew the lid off the case, Kejriwal said, \"People say Khurshid is powerful and can influence people. We will also counter this on Monday at 11am.\"The IAC is likely to parade a few people whose names have been recorded as beneficiaries of camps held by Khurshid's trust whereas they never got any benefit.Early on, Kejriwal posed five questions to Khurshid as he stuck to his demand for the law minister's resignation for \"free and fair\" investigation. Referring to the minister's statement that Kejriwal should face action in case UP government's investigation does not prove the alleged embezzlement, the activist said, \"If Khurshid's claims are found right then Akhilesh should face action. This would mean that the UP government report mentioned in a June 12, 2012 letter to the Centre was wrong. Why should I face action? The allegations were leveled by the UP government.\"Backed by official communications, which the IAC distributed among protesters and media persons, Kejriwal said the Union social justice and empowerment ministry had sent a show cause letter to trust's project director Louise Khurshid on July 3, 2012 based on the UP government report. \"The trust had 15 days to respond to the letter, but they did not comply with this,\" Kejriwal said.The UP government letter highlighted that out of 17 districts for which test check reports of camps and distribution of equipment were sent, the signatures of district authorities were forged in 10 districts.After Khurshid's interaction with the media, Kejriwal renewed his attack on the minister. \"He has admitted that there are letters from the Centre and the state government. The investigation can be headed by a retired Supreme Court judge. But free and fair investigation is possible only when he resigns and he is arrested,\" he said.He did not even spare Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi for maintaining silence. \"If despite all these allegations and people's demands, Khurshid does not resign, we will put a differently abled candidate and ensure he wins the election,\" Kejriwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "16816566", "title": "Narendra Modi sharpens attack on Robert Vadra", "text": "PALANPUR: Chief minister Narendra Modi , who took time before launching into Congress president Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra for his questionable deals with real estate developer DLF, has further sharpened the attack on him.Addressing a rally at Kansha village in Patan district on Saturday, he said Gujarat was in severe trouble due to delayed monsoon. No Congress leader came to reassure the people of Gujarat. \"But when 'jamai raja' (Vadra) got entangled in a controversy, all Congress ministers in the Union government rushed to defend him,\" Modi said. The villagers earlier felicitated him for making Sarswati a taluka with its headquarters at Kansha. \"Congress is ruled by one family and in BJP there is neither family rule nor nepotism. You take my case. I do not have a son-in-law . Six crore Gujaratis are my sons, uncles and brothers ,\" the chief minister said.Modi also addressed rallies at Suigam in Vav taluka and Lakhni in Banaskantha, which are proposed to become new talukas. He also referred to the incidents of rape of Dalit girls in Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16815823", "title": "Unhygienic condition prevails in parts of Patna", "text": "PATNA: The striking employees of Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) returned to work on October 10 but the unhygienic condition prevails in major parts of the city ahead of Durga Puja.Manholes are open for months together and heaps of garbage are routine feature in some of the areas like Chandmari Road, Kurji, Ashok Rajpath, Hathwa market and Machua Toli.Vivek Kumar, a STD booth owner of Sultanganj area, said, \"The PMC employees visit the area and shift the garbage from the middle to the side of the road.\"Shashi Kant Singh, owner of a tea stall at Marufganj market, said, \" Mahina mein pandrah din swasth nahin rahata hoon (I remain unwell for 15 days in a month).\"Another shopkeeper, Milan Pratap, said, \"Marufganj is a big market but there is no drinking water supply in the whole market area. Roads are always in bad shape and the heap of garbage is seldom removed by the PMC authorities.\"Shalini, a resident of Rajiv Nagar area said, \"Encroachment is a major problem in this area. The stench emanating from cowsheds (khatal) becomes unbearable when it rains. PMC workers have, indeed, made their presence felt at a few places but only to remove the upper layers of the garbage.\"Patna College, Patna Science College, NITP and Gandhi Ghat continue to greet visitors with stench. The residents said the authorities never take any measure to maintain cleanliness in the area. \"Whenever bleaching powder is sprinkled, we know some VIP is coming to the Gandhi Ghat,\" said Ashok Raj, a resident of Birla Madir area.PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal, however, said, \"PMC is going to constitute a special task force to remove garbage frequently during the festive days. We have also asked BUIDCO to provide extra garbage disposal bins near the pandals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16816314", "title": "Cops on toes to enhance security", "text": "VARANASI: Fresh inputs and tracking of calls by suspected terrorist modules are giving sleepless nights to the police because the Navratra festivities are commencing in next two to three days while preparations for Bakrid are in full swing.The senior police officials are categorically denying of having specific inputs regarding possibility of terrorist mobility in the region. Before the Delhi police succeeded in nabbing three suspected Indian Mujahidin terrorists recently and claimed to have worked out Pune serial blasts case, the surveillance of some phone calls and suspicious activities had compelled the local police to review the security plans for the forthcoming festive seasons.Sources said that unusual activities like bid by suspicious persons to force the security personnel to enter a highly sensitive mosque after midnight in recent past has increased worries for the police. Some phone calls of suspected terrorist modules were tracked by the supporting agencies of police. It hinted that after maintaining silence for about 20 months, such modules are trying to establish their presence in the region, sources added.SSP BD Paulson denied of having inputs regarding the possibility of terrorist attack. He admitted that city is in highly sensitive and the coming fortnight would be crucial when festivals like Navratra, Durga Puja, Dussehra and Bakrid are falling. He said that people of both the communities have assured the police to extend cooperation for maintaining peace. The possibility of anti-social and anti-national elements to utilize the opportunity to cause disturbance cannot be ruled out.He said that efforts are being made to increase vigil in crowded areas and Puja pandals. Paulson said that alertness of people can help in averting untoward incidents. Puja organizers would also be asked to keep the people and devotees alert and watch suspicious activities. The SSP said that as part of security plan, checking drives at places of public gathering, hotels, lodges, dharmshalas, railway stations and bus stands had already been started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "commuters have started regarding the outrageous new levels of auto and taxi fares as a blessing in disguise. people in growing numbers are boycotting three-wheelers and cabs, and switching to walking and cycling. if their attitude is to make the best of a rather bad situation and adopt the mantra of staying fit, consumer rights activists have a new agenda in hand", "code": "16815445", "title": "\u2018Auto, cab fare hike will keep Mumbai fit\u2019", "text": "Commuters have started regarding the outrageous new levels of auto and taxi fares as a blessing in disguise. People in growing numbers are boycotting three-wheelers and cabs, and switching to walking and cycling. If their attitude is to make the best of a rather bad situation and adopt the mantra of staying fit, consumer rights activists have a new agenda in hand: demand proper footpaths in the city and cycle stands at railway stations.\"Cycling to the nearest railway station and taking a train to the workplace is a good option,\" said Vishal Sharma, co-founder, Bandra Cycle Club. \"This will not only be environment-friendly, but also ensure that you get exercise for your heart and body.\"Sharma wants bicycle tracks to be laid across Mumbai, especially one that would stretch along the coastline from Nariman Point to Borivli; bicycle tracks already exist in commercial zones like the Bandra-Kurla Complex. \"If such tracks are laid in more parts of the city, we can even avoid trains and easily cycle for 5-10 km,\" Sharma said.Fitness enthusiast Chetan Ashar cycles to Mulund station and parks it at the two-wheeler stand to board trains. \"But there is always the risk of your bicycle getting stolen from the parking lot. The attendant does not take responsibility for that,\" he said, citing the need for the authorities to ensure security at cycle stands.Consumer activist Sunil Mone said, \"The railways must create stands outside every station. People must have the right to use bicycles and for this they need to be able to park them somewhere and for cheap.\"Some people prefer walking. Goregaon's Saibal Karmakar said he had lost several calories since the auto fare hike came into effect. \"I have been walking 2 km to reach the station from home for the past three days. I think this way I will be able to reduce my paunch. I thank auto union leader Sharad Rao for making the fare hike happen. I have always been lazy, travelling in autos for even short distances. Now I have taken the healthy option to walk.\"Civic activist Mehernosh Fitter said the government should also ensure proper pavements for pedestrians. \"Most footpaths have been encroached by hawkers. Even otherwise, they are uneven and one can always sprain an ankle. Good footpaths will encourage more people to walk to the nearest station.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16814834", "title": "Akashvani to jazz up FM channels", "text": "KOLKATA: If you have the habit of skipping 102.6 and 106.4 MHz - frequencies of FM Rainbow and FM Gold - as you find them too drab and out-dated, prepare yourself to accommodate two more channels on your list of favourites. For, All India Radio (AIR) is overhauling the channels by breaking the 32-year-old stiff mould to suit its young and fun-loving audience.AIR, which is working under the aegis of Prasar Bharati, has fixed November 12 as the date to re-launch \"young and trendy\" FM Gold and FM Rainbow.An assessment of the country's first FM channels by Prasar Bharati late last year pointed towards poor numbers of audience and low earnings. Consequently, a series of \"insightful\" meetings were organized in all the four metros. Officials delved deep into audience feedback, which pointed fingers at the officiousness of programmes and the serious approach of the RJs. Though it was decided at the inception that FM channels would be less serious compared to the main channels, they remained more restrained in their audience interaction.Private FM channels came in much later but captured the market immediately by being completely informal and audience-friendly in their approach. \"This is where we missed out. However, we are making amends and from now on, we will be friendly, interactive and cosy,\" promised Pranab Chatterjee, head of Akashvani Kolkata's FM channels.All programmes have reportedly been re-packaged smartly, keeping the young and upwardly mobile audience in mind. \"Even names of certain programmes were very boring. They are being changed. Take the case of a programme called Alapan, we are changing it to Adda Unlimited,\" Chatterjee said.Similarly, Back to Back - another musical programme where popular songs were played one after the other - has been rechristened as Rainbow Express. From November 12, the songs will be punctuated with interactive sessions with listeners, where they will call in, send SMSes and chat with presenters.A large number of presenters from college and university campuses are being roped in and trained. It's expected that they would know the pulse of the young. Some late-night programmes, where the city would share its deepest fears, untold tales and darkest secrets, are being focused on.So will this re-launch be a high-wattage affair? \"Yes, we know the importance of branding and we have decided to make a lot of noise about the re-launch. We will put up hoardings, organize road shows with leading rock bands and a series of musical programmes in high-profile auditoria of the city,\" informed Pradip Mitra, station director of Akashvani Kolkata.Presenters from college and university campuses will be roped in and trained as they are expected to know the pulse of the younger generation", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16817456", "title": "History conservation", "text": "Two wall painting conservators from India will be pursuing a PhD in conservation of wall paintings at the Courtauld Institute of Art, London. Aaditi Isaac reports.Sanjay Dhar's love for art is manifested in his passion for conserving wall paintings. As one of the recipients of a PhD scholarship from AkzoNobel, a paints and coatings company, to study at the Courtauld Institute of Art, London, he will get to research on risk assessment and management of wall paintings in the Himalayan region.The scholarship covers the student's tuition fees, maintenance (living) costs and research travel.\"Not only do wall paintings have an important place in the history of Indian art, but they also play a significant role in the story of art along the silk route and therefore, by extension, Asian art. I am hoping that the research results will be used in the larger Asian context for further research in understanding important issues related to the survival of important wall paintings,\" says Dhar. Dhar who has a PG diploma in conservation from the National Museum Institute, an MA in history of art and a two-year diploma from Florence on conservation of paintings, feels that when it comes to researching on the conservation of paintings in India, the infrastructure is not good. Sreekumar Menon, another recipient of the scholarship, whose area of interest is in the early period Buddhist Wall Paintings of Ladakh, hopes to study painting materials and technologies.www.courtauld.ac.uk/degreeprogrammes/admissions /postgraduate/funding/akzonobel.shtml", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16816125", "title": "Antaragni-12 flame blows out with starry finale", "text": "The annual culture festival of Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur, 'Antaragni 2012', met with a star-studded finale on Sunday evening as the cast of the forthcoming film 'Ajab Gazab Love' and music composer trio Shanker- Ehsaan-Loy took the stage and ensured the crowd of students from across the nation and abroad do not forget the four days they spent here for a long time to come.Actors Jackky Bhagnani and Puja Gupta, music director Wajid and film director Sanjay Gadhvi (of 'Dhoom'-fame) and producer Vashu Bhagnani were on the stage at the Student Activity Centre and interacted with the participants of the festival. This was followed by a live performance by Shanker-Ehsan-Loy at the auditorium grounds which set the stage on fire. Students at IIT-Kanpur were thrilled with the back-to-back entertainment bonanza.Arrival of the 'Ajab Gazab Love' team on IIT-Kanpur was a surprise for students who were not informed in advance about it. In the jam-packed SAC, the stars of the movie urged the young crowd to see the movie which had a full dose of entertainment bundled with comedy.On the other hand, the rollicking performance by Shanker Ehsaan Loy left the audiences mesmerised and tapping their feet. Thousands of students from IIT-Kanpur and various engineering colleges, faculty members and staff of the institute witnessed the live in the main auditorium ground. The atmosphere at IIT-Kanpur was electrifying as students tried to make the most of the last day of Antaragni-2012. Many of them were filled with mixed emotions and sweet memories, sorrowful at the thought of leaving for their respective cities from Monday. Many of them had already bid farewell to IIT-Kanpur and their new found friends as they were seen leaving the lush green IIT-K campus, where from Monday students will be back to studies.On Sunday, students and participants from various colleges participated in the finals of the events with enthusiasm.Panoramic Spread of EventsShaking a Leg:The final day of Antaragni began with Jitterbug- the western group dance finals in the main Auditorium. The excitement and energy in the air was palpable. The teams that had qualified the prelims were SSCBS, Punjab Engineering College, ARSD, IIT-Kanpur, Sri Venkateshwara College and Lady Irwin and students of Sri Venkateshwara College emerged winners, while second place was bagged by students of SSCBS. On the third spot was team from IIT-K.Histrionics:Nukkad Natak, the flagship competition of Dramatics at Antaragni focused on socially relevant issues. It took place in the SAC. Teams from Gargi College, Shaheed Bhagat Singh, IP College, Miranda, ARSD, Hindu, SRCC, IITK, PEC, Hansraj Colleges made the cut for the finals but students of Indraprastha College, Delhi emerged winners. The second and third places were grabbed by ARSD and Hansraj College, Delhi.Etched in B&W;:The Charcoal Sketching event, organised under the flagship of Fine Arts events, aimed at bringing out the creativity of people using the power of black. The theme for the event was 'colour', so the participants had to really think out of the box to implement it. Ayush Sitholay (NIT Nagpur) was declared the winner. Hitendra Kumar of IIT Kanpur and Viswas S. Nair of IIT-Kanpur won the second and third places, respectively.In Tandem:In the duet musical competition called, 'Pair on stage', a couple had to perform whatever they wished \u2014traditional eastern, Western, Mid or Fusion. There was no bar on vocal or instrumental, any combination of the two was allowed. In this competition, Soumitra Thakur, Rajeev Prasanna (Hindu College, DU) and Ankur Chakravarti, Fardeen Siddiqui (Destination Band) were adjuged on the first and the second places, respectively. The third place was grabbed by Arvinder Pal Singh, Harpreet Singh (PTUCZN campus agenda)Talk Show:Another event named Aamne Saamne was organised under the category of Hindi literary events. It had two rounds- group discussion and panel discussion. Participants discussed various social issues and topics of concern for emerging India. Some of the topics were: 'Bharat mein badhte santo ki sankhya aur samaj' and 'Kahi professionalism hame robot to nahi bana raha'. Divya Tripathi, Manish Kumar of IIT Kanpur and Rafiya from Gargi College were adjudged the first second and third position winners, respectively.Dumb Charades:In the Mime event called Vagabonds, the teams participated with zealously. The sound of silence is more powerful than any other. This event required its participants to make use of this power and express silently through expressions. While first prize was bagged by Hindu College, the second and the third positions were occupied by Babu Banarsi Das NITM college, Lucknow and INIFD, Ludhiana respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16816339", "title": "Puja pandals on novel themes in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: Many recent events in the city like International Buddhist Conclave and mythological television serials as well as price rise are going to dominate the themes of puja pandals this Navratra.Uncontrolled price rise and its effects on common people are being depicted in a pandal under construction at Machhodari through oil paintings. The outer part of the pandal is the replica of Vishwanath temple at BHU.As many as nine oil paintings exhibiting effects of hike in prices of petrol, diesel, LPG and other products and services will be displayed inside the pandal around the idol of Goddess Durga.According to Rajesh Yadav, president of the puja committee, it is for the first time that the interior of the pandal is going to have thematic decoration. Around 12 glass paintings exhibiting culture and lifestyle of the city will be the centre of attraction.In the backdrop of festive fervour, city is readying itself to witness several more lavishly decorated puja pandals in different areas. Artisans busy in giving final touch to a pandal at Bagheshwari Devi temple have prepared a tableaux of mini Rajasthan. Rajan Jaiswal, a member of organising committee, said husk and mud are being used to prepare small huts around the pandal which itself will be an imaginary replica of a palace in Rajasthan.Around 50 trained artisans are giving shape to the replica of Mahabodhi temple complex of Bodh Gaya which is going to be the largest pandal of the city at Hathua market. A 15-feet idol of Lord Buddha will be placed near the front gates to highlight the co-existence of Buddhism and Hinduism in the city.A tableaux of Lord Shiva and his followers in the backdrop of Mansarovar would attract devotees at the majestic pandal in Sanatan Dharma Inter College, Nai Sarak. \"The outer portion of the pandal will showcase Lord Shiva and the scenes of Mansarovar on the themes of a mythological television serial. The inner portion would be replica of Vaisho Devi temple with the idol of Goddess Durga,\" Suraj Jaiswal, president of the organising committee said.Price rise has also affected the artisans and puja committees. The organisers are in search of sponsors to seek financial assistance in installing pandals.Amit Singh, secretary of a club at Chowkaghat, said that sponsorship is already prevalent in pandals at market places. \"But it is a novel idea for puja pandals in residential areas and gaining popularity. Colleges, schools, coaching classes and local traders are sponsoring pandals in many areas,\" he said. Rajan Jaiswal, organiser of a pandal in Jaitpura, said: \"The cost of beads and bamboos have doubled in a year. The devotees want to see something extraordinary each year which requires labour and material cost. Donations from local people are not enough and therefore sponsorships are considered as a relief. Around 40 per cent of the cost comes through sponsorship.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16814531", "title": "Fliers in small planes at risk of oxygen shortage", "text": "MUMBAI: It is a small detail but it could mean the difference between life and death. If you are in a turbo prop aircraft like a Bombardier Q400 or an ATR aircraft, oxygen masks in these flying machines are not deployed automatically during an emergency in case oxygen levels in the passenger cabin dip, making it hard to breathe.In such situations, passengers in such aircraft are expected to make do with poor oxygen supply for a maximum of four minutes, which is something a healthy person can endure. But if you have an asthma condition or a pulmonary or cardiac problem or are severely anaemic or if you are a heavy smoker, you could be in trouble. The same would apply if you are a senior citizen or if you are flying with a baby.Bombardier Q400 aircraft have no oxygen masks for passengers. One has to call for help and the flight attendant is expected to rush with an oxygen cylinder which has masks attached. In case of an ATR aircraft, the flight attendant will have to come to your row and manually deploy the oxygen mask, which though is available only for 25 percent of the passengers. Turbo props are the comparatively small aircraft, with 40-70 passenger carrying capacity, with propellers attached to wings that fly on short domestic routes like Mumbai-Surat, Mumbai-Mangalore, Chennai-Calicut, Hyderabad-Calicut etc. There are about 38 such turbo prop aircraft with three airlines in India and on an average these operate about 120 domestic flights a day.All aircraft that fly above 13,000 feet need to be, what is called in aviation parlance, \"pressurized\". That is because atmospheric pressure and temperature falls with increase in height (as experienced when travelling to a high-altitude region) and consequently oxygen levels in atmosphere go down. An aircraft cabin is pressurized to keep atmospheric pressure and oxygen at levels comfortable to human beings, so the cabin altitude is maintained to that of about 7000 to 10,000 feet, though the actual altitude of the aircraft would be much higher. When a pressurization problem occurs, the aircraft is brought down to 13,000 feet or lower as at these lower altitudes passengers can breathe normally even if the pressurization system in an aircraft is not functioning properly.Since jet aircraft like A320s, B737s can fly up to an altitude of about 40,000 feet, these are equipped with oxygen masks that deploy automatically when a pressurisation problem occurs and the cabin altitude climbs to above 14,000 feet. But turbo prob aircraft like ATR and Q400s can fly only up to 25,000 feet. Aircraft manufacturers reason that these aircraft can be put in a rapid descent and brought down to 13,000 feet in about four minutes if a pressurization problem occurs. Consequently, they have not paid much attention to the need for oxygen masks for passengers. Aviation regulators in Canada and Europe (where these two aircraft are manufactured) and in India too do not consider it much of a problem.\"The most significant issue here is that the health status of the passenger decides how well he/she can handle such a situation,\" said Dr Anil Mehra, CEO of India Aeromedical services, an air ambulance company. \"Even an altitude of 13,000 feet is not comfortable for patients with compensatory cardiovascular system or severe anaemia or similar conditions,\" he added. Capt Mohan Ranganathan, member Civil Aviation Safety Advisory Council, who brought the matter to the notice of the director general of civil aviation last week said: \"The aviation regulator should have taken the passengers health and safety into consideration rather than blindly clearing the aircraft for flight without the protection. It is surprising that airlines do not inform the passengers about this in the safety card.\" He cited a NASA report on an incident that occurred in November 2011 in the US when a Q400 aircraft climbing to 14,000 feet experienced pressurization problem. \"All on board including the crew experienced severe discomfort, so this is not an important issue,\" he added. TOI wrote to the three airlines that operate these aircraft, but all the three have asked for a day to respond.While ATR aircraft have oxygen masks for 25 percent of passengers, these are not automatically deployed when the cabin pressure falls and the oxygen levels decrease. \"Cabin crew members are expected to go to each passenger row and manually deploy the oxygen masks,\" said a source. The problem here is that the passenger safety card illustrates that oxygen masks will be deployed automatically, which is not the case. \"When there is a decompression problem, the commander puts the aircraft into a rapid descent and flight attendants are supposed to go to their seats and stay buckled. Only after the aircraft has levelled off at 13,000 feet, which could take anywhere between a few seconds to four minutes depending on how high the aircraft was, does the cabin crew get up to help, which could be too late for an asthma patient,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16816049", "title": "Part of rice mill owned by Nehru family demolished", "text": "TRICHY: Officials of the public works department (PWD) on Sunday demolished a small portion of a rice mill owned by former DMK minister K N Nehru's brother, K N Manivannan in Poovalur near Lalgudi in Trichy, as the building allegedly encroached upon an irrigation channel.The eviction drive was yet another blow to Nehru and his family as they face cases such as disproportionate wealth and land-grabbing in Trichy and Ariyalur districts.According to the officials, the entire mill was constructed on nearly five acres of land owned by Nehru. But, around 15,000 sq ft of land adjacent to the Keezhapanguni irrigation channel was allegedly encroached by Nehru's family. A compound wall was constructed on the bank of the channel and a few buildings were built on the rest of the encroached land. Moreover, a small bridge across the channel was constructed with permission for access to the mill. The mill was opened by 2010-end.The demolition drive began around 10am on Sunday. Earlier, PWD executive engineer Balasubramanian, revenue divisional officer (RDO) of Lalgudi, Parthiban, surveyors and other officials came to the spot around 6am. Earthmovers were brought to the spot as a large posse of police personnel was deployed near the mill to prevent any protest by Nehru's supporters.The officials began surveying the land before taking up the demolition drive. However, Nehru's advocate, Ohm Prakash, manager of the mill, Krishnamoorthy and their people present there objected to the eviction drive saying adequate notice was not served. But the officials went about the survey as usual.First, the compound wall was demolished. Nehru's supporters gathered in front of the mill and raised the pitch against the officials and demanded that the drive be stopped. The drive was stopped for a while, but restarted after the supporters left. Then, the rest of the buildings on the encroached land were also razed. The demolition drive lasted till evening.A revenue official on condition of anonymity told TOI that Nehru's family began construction of the mill on the encroached land after applying for 'approval' from the commissioner of land administration (CLA). Nehru's family sought to offer the PWD some land in return for the land on which the encroachment was built. However, the mill became operational while the approval was pending with the government. Later, their application was turned down by the CLA. Hence, the eviction drive was carried out.The official said, \"We demolished the compound wall, two sheds and an electricity unit. We, however, permitted the mill administration to remove a boiler erected on the encroached land. The eviction would continue till late on Sunday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "16817264", "title": "Datta padukes are on display from today", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: Dattatreya's 'Datta padukes' (silver sandals) will be placed in Inam Dattatreya Peetha Bababudan Darga cave atop Bababudan hills from Monday.Disclosing this to TOI, higher education minister C T Ravi said the repair work of the collapsed portion of the ancient cave, where Dattatreya Swamy is believed to have meditated, has been completed with the guidance of Archaeological Survey of India.The Datta padukes, which are now under the custody of the district treasury, will be placed at the cave after October 15, the day of Mahalaya Amavasya. Some portion of this ancient cave, formed naturally with lateritic soil, collapsed in 2009. But the repair work taken up by the government was halted due to litigations.The Supreme Court then directed the state government to form a committee comprising experts from the Archaeological Survey of India and take up the repair works based on their directions. The cave has now been completely repaired and strengthened at a cost of Rs 75 lakh. Ravi said the padukes will be placed in the cave's sanctum sanctorum after performing all the rituals. The cave will be opened to the devotees after the placing of the padukes and during Datta Jayanthi in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16814967", "title": "MD, director of private firm booked", "text": "GURGAON: Police have lodged an FIR citing cheating and criminal breach of trust against a managing director and director of a Gurgaon-based sanitaryware manufacturing company. The accused allegedly received payments for goods in advance but never provided them to clients.According to the police, Piccadilly hotels Pvt Ltd had constructed a new hotel near Kherki Daula name as Hayaat regency-2. The company had made the payment in advance to Kohler India Corporation Pvt Ltd for sanitary goods.Manmohan Tripathi, manager of Piccadilly hotels Pvt Ltd, has lodged a complaint with Kherki Daula police station against managing director and director of Kohler India Corporation Pvt Ltd alleging cheating and criminal breach of trust.The complainant alleged that they had taken the 10% of the total amount as booking amount. Though, they delivered some goods, which were never ordered. He told the police that they had ordered the goods in July but company is yet to get the goods. Due to this, their project was also getting delayed.\"We have lodged an FIR against Salil Sadanand, managing director and Manoj Maithani, director of all India south pacific, Kohler India, Ambiance island, NH-8, Gurgaon under the section 406/420 of IPC \", said ASI Vinay Kumar, the investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16816633", "title": "Schoolchildren to get Yakshagana lessons", "text": "MANGALORE: The Yakshagana Study Centre (YSC) of Mangalore University (MU) is gearing up for Yakshagana mela of children, which will be held during the first quarter of next year.A few weeks ago, MU authorities selected 60 students from 12 both government and private schools in and around the university campus at Konaje. The selected students, studying from fifth to tenth standard, will be given free Yakshagana training on every Saturdays for more than two hours on the premises of YSC.Yakshagana guru Kumble Shivashankar Bhat will train these young amateur artistes and later of the 60 students, 25 to 30 will be shortlisted for the mela. Veteran Yakshagana artiste Surikumeru Govinda Bhat will hone the artistic skills of the students a few days prior to the mela.MU vice-chancellor TC Shivashankara Murthy told TOI that the objective of YSC is to provide free training to the youth.The university has already conducted Yakshagana competition for college students. For the first time, it is conducting training and Yakshagana mela for children, he added. During this training programme, students are exposed to Yakshagana museum in YSC.This museum has an exclusive library which has a huge collection of books related to this art. Huge models of Yakshagana characters like Kiratha Vesha, Bheemana Mudi, Hanumantha Bannada Vesha and other models are the main attraction here.The kendra also has 40 photographs of eminent artistes and has a collection of audios and videos of some Yakshagana performances in Kannada, Hindi, English and Sanskrit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16819094", "title": "Mumbai Film Festival: Mumbai, through their eyes!", "text": "The short film competition of the Mumbai Film Festival organised by the Mumbai Academy of Moving Image ( MAMI) has put the spotlight on young and budding filmmakers, who have come up with less than five-minute-long films that portray Mumbai in all its vibrancy and diversity.The competition titled 'Dimensions Mumbai' was thrown open to film and media professionals and students aged 25 years or less residing in maximum city. The participants were required to produce short films of not more than five-minute duration between Nov 1, 2011 and Aug 31, 2012, the last day for submissions being Aug 31.TOI caught up with some of these talented moviemakers in an attempt to understand their fresh new vision of this city. Eighteen-year-old Mandar Kokamkar's film christened Do Rupye Ka Pen revolves round \"a cheap pen that gets sold along with expensive branded pens only to feel humiliated each time someone ignores it vis-a-vis the designerones.\" The movie is Mandar's comment on perceptions in Mumbai where people tend to look more at the package than the person within.Ajay Singh (18) and college buddy Vaibhav Sorte (23) have titled their film Safar, which is the latter's personal journey reflecting what he calls the 'shallowness' of Mumbai generosity. Says Vaibhav, \"I think Mumbaikars are generous toward their fellow beings during crisis only because they want to rid themselves of the guilt of having lived so selfishly all their lives. \" Vaibhav has written the film and acted in it while Ajay has helped him with the shooting.Twenty-four year old Zeeshan Ali Siddi recalls a terrifying personal experience through his movie. As a student, he would cross the tracks everyday to reach college. One day, he saw a train hurtling toward him at an alarming speed. While he escaped unhurt, the incident left a strong imprint on his mind. Zeeshan's film mirrors the attitude of the Mumbaikar of not letting go that one last chance.'Dimensions Mumbai' will showcase as many as 25 such short films between Oct 18 and Oct 25. Of these, four are in Marathi, nine in Hindi, four in English, two are bilingual and six aresilent. Besides, there are prizes to be won by the best film and the runner up. Here's wishing the up and coming filmmakers luck...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16814778", "title": "Extortion calls made to Noida CMO for grabbing land: Cops", "text": "NOIDA: Police claim to have cracked the case involving extortion calls being made to the Noida chief medical officer (CMO) and have taken the accused into custody. Cops revealed that the calls were part of a larger conspiracy hatched by a man to usurp another individual's property. The mobile phone used to make the calls is yet to be recovered.A senior police officer said that a native of Bulandshahr, Ishaan (name changed), had mortgaged his land to one Bhupesh (name changed), a resident of Dankaur area in Greater Noida. \"After Ishaan returned the loan and demanded his land back, Bhupesh was reluctant to do so. In order to grab the land, Bhupesh decided to frame Ishaan in a fake extortion call case. Bhupesh hatched a plan and bought a mobile phone number on Ishaan's fake ID. He expected that when Ishaan would land in the police net, it would give him the chance to grab the property,\" said a police officer.\"Initial investigations show that after the number got activated, Bhupesh called up the CMO's personal mobile number and also contacted the sub-divisional officer (SDO) threatening the duo of dire circumstances if they did not cough up protection money of Rs 10 lakh,\" the officer said. Cops got suspicious when the person kept calling but never mentioned the location for dropping the extortion money.\"The CMO was earlier deputed as deputy CMO in Dankaur. His and the SDO's mobile phone numbers are still mentioned on a board installed in Dankaur. The accused had decided to call up both officials to make his case stronger. The idea was that once police put the mobile number on surveillance, Ishaan's details would show and he would be arrested,\" the officer added.Police on Sunday detained Bhupesh and he is being interrogated. \"We will register a case of hatching criminal conspiracy against an innocent person. We will also book him under Section 386 of IPC for extortion,\" an officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16815751", "title": "Jaipur Municipal Corporation talks tough on garbage collection", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) is all set to issue notices to the contract firm which failed to successfully implement the door-to-door garbage collection scheme in the city.Due to lack of resources and staff crunch, the firm is unable to maintain cleanliness in most wards even 20 days after the implementation of the scheme. BJP councillor and sanitation committee chairman Roshan Saini said: \"We have issued a warning letter to the company once. In case they fail to implement the scheme by Tuesday, we will request the state government to blacklist the company.\"In the first phase, the firm had to start collection from 21 wards which included 17 wards of Hawa Mahal east and west zone and four wards of civil lines zone. The company was also responsible for garbage collection, sweeping roads and dumping the waste. The company claims that the work has been successfully implemented in wards 60 &amp; 61. However, the ward councilor claimed the JMC is collecting only garbage. Sunita Akar, ward councilor of 61, said: \"Despite paying money to the firm, the JMC is using its resources to collect only garbage.\"The ongoing protest of Rajasthan Mehtar Mazdoor Sangh against the scheme is the major reason for failure of its implementation. Many claimed that the JMC was ignorant of the issue as recently thousands of sanitation workers created a ruckus during the inauguration of the door to-door garbage collection scheme when they clashed with private employees. \"It was necessary to resolve with issue before starting the scheme,\" an official said.Meanwhile, Suresh Kalyani, president, Rajasthan Mehtar Mazdoor Sangh, said: \"We have been working for the cleanliness of the city for so many years and the government is now introducing private players which we will not accept.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16814197", "title": "Harvard studies Bangalore hospital\u2019s cancer model", "text": "BANGALORE: On any given day, at least 10 new patients diagnosed with cancer are lining up at HCG to get that deadly tumour out of their system.Intrigued researchers in Harvard tried to figure out how this Central Bangalore hospital has not turned away any poor cancer patient. Its cancer care model is now a case study for the Harvard Business School.Researchers Regina Herzlinger, Amit Ghorawat, Meera Krishnan and Naiyya Saggi published their study about the model where even drug dispensing unique.What interested them was Dr Ajaikumar's hub-and-spoke expansion model in which a central hub in Bangalore performed high-end imaging, therapy, and complicated procedures at lower cost while the spokes provided basic therapy and follow-ups in the patients local communities (smaller towns).Using this model, HCG expanded to 20 centres.Terming HCG a focused factory, the Harvard team said: The drug dispensing method to patients was also unique. The hospital set up pharmacies within its premises which lowered drug cost as it was procured directly from manufacturers. This helped low-income patients to benefit from well-tested generic drugs instead of costly imported drugs.The process HCG followed to evaluate the creation of a new spoke began with an environmental scan of the area, assessing cancer incidence, market size, availability of medical expertise, insurance, and competition, among other factors. In a remote area such as Shimoga which had few available options for cancer treatment, HCG decided to provide a wider range of services there than in other spokes.The hospital collaborated with a local doctor who already had a practice but would upgrade existing facilities and provide some capital investment like radiation equipment, and retained 51% ownership.This is because Indian patients almost always travel with their families to secure treatment. Travel cost and accommodation, especially in a nuclear family with one person earning,can become a huge burden for the family, Dr Ajai told TOI. Telemedicine gave the spokes access to hub doctors.The spokes in smaller cities attracted primarily local populations, while hubs in Bangalore, Delhi and Ahmedabad attracted patients from across India, Africa, Iran , Afghanistan, Germany, Australia, and the US. While 60% of patients belonged to the middle class,20% were below the poverty line and the rest 20% affluent. Researchers pointed out how the entire HCG team believed in a culture of compassion.As a policy, HCG did not turn away any patients even if the patient could not afford to pay, the report said. In fact, employees chipped in with contributions to support patient care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16815130", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation yet to issue TDR for land utilized 10 years ago", "text": "NAGPUR: On the one hand the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has issued transfer of development right (TDR) for lands which may not be utilized for years from now while on the other hand, it did not issue TDR for a piece of land which was utilized ten years ago. In this case, the beneficiary Shivkumar Agrawal has been made to run from pillar to post for no reason.The NMC is yet to utilize many of the acquired lands for which it issued TDR many years ago. In one case, the NMC issued TDR of whopping 35,887.50 sq mt by acquiring land reserved for playground at Wathoda in November 2010. The NMC also issued TDR of 4,453.42 sq.mt acquiring land for Town hall at Chinchbhuvan in December 2010 despite no requirement.In Shivkumar Agrawal's case, the NMC took possession of his 133.20 sq.mt land at Ravi Nagar square on August 1, 2002, and utilized it within few days for road widening. However, the NMC is yet to issue TDR to Agrawal for the same.\"The then municipal commissioner Chandrashekar assured to issue the TDR within a week. I submitted the application with all the required documents on August 2, 2002. I was asked to resubmit the application in the prescribed format on August 5, 2003. Three-four municipal commissioners have changed since then but the application is still pending. Today, the land price at Ravi Nagar Square is around Rs10,000 per sq ft. The value of TDR if issued now will be under Rs3,000 per sq ft. My precious land is being utilized for the last ten years now but I am yet to get the TDR,\" he said.\"After reading TOI's reports, I was shocked to learn about the other TDR cases approved by the NMC,\" said Agrawal, adding that municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane has assured to clear the proposal. \"I submitted the details to Wardhane on September 3. Hopefully, he will clear my case,\" he said.However, this may not be an isolated case. Corporator Alka Dalal told TOI that she had raised this point in the general body meeting.Shocking as the NMC approved TDR of 35,887.50 sq.mt for land not under utilization but delayed the TDR of only 133.20 sq.mt for the land utilized ten years ago. This case may add to the murk in TDR scam. The NMC entertained builders and traders but not genuine applicant like Agrawal who is a common man. The NMC even approved the TDR cases of builders and traders within few months of receiving the applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16816620", "title": "School named after activist upgraded", "text": "A girls school in Karachi named after Malala Yousufzai has been upgraded to higher secondary and its students collected Rs 50,000 to be sent to the parents of the activist for her treatment. The Malala Yousufzai Government Girls Secondary School on Mission Road was upgraded to higher secondary on Saturday, Dawn news reported. The school was renamed after Malala in July when she attended the school's inauguration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16815308", "title": "Bullets kill police version", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Thangadh police firing case is now turning murky. Ballistics and postmortem reports point the needle of suspicion back towards Surendranagar cops, who earlier said that they had to open fire when an angry mob attacked Than police station.The Thangadh police had also lodged an attempt to murder complaint against members of the mob after the incident. CID (Crime) officials on Friday last filed an application before the Chotila court seeking to withdraw the section 307 of IPC (attempt to murder) from the police complaint filed against the mob. \"Earlier the police had claimed that the mob had tried to kill certain cops and then they had to fire in retaliation. But, our investigations have proved that there was no such attack which could have in any manner turned fatal for the policemen,\" said a senior CID official.Three persons \u2014 Pankaj Sumra, 17, Mehul Rathod, 17 and Prakash Parmar, 26 \u2014 were killed and Chhana Vaniya, 26, was injured in the incident in September when Thangadh was hosting a fair. Bullets recovered from the deceased and injured person indicate that while Pankaj was killed by a bullet from a service revolver, the two others died of wounds from a carbine.\"At the time of the incident, only the gunmen of a senior cop in Surendranagar had carbines,\" said CID (Crime) officials who are now probing the matter.CID (Crime) investigators say that postmortem reports suggest that the three people killed had been shot from a distance of 50-100 metres. This puts a cloud over the cops' claim that they had opened fire when the mob tried to snatch their weapons. \"Such an episode would result in point-blank bullet injuries,\" said Gujarat police officials.However, for now the matter is being kept a closely-guarded secret. Inspector general of police, CID (Crime), Anil Pratham, who is supervising the investigation said, \"At this stage I cannot say much. We have ascertained that all three were killed in police firing. We are now studying forensic, ballistic and postmortem reports to know exactly what happened on that day.\"Transferred cop in the dockAHMEDABAD: Investigations by CID (Crime) have revealed that the sub-inspector of Than police station Bharatsinh Solanki and two other constables were posted at the fair for security on September 22.\"The cops say that they saw some people celebrating loudly in a drunken state. When these drunk people defied the cops, Solanki called up his predecessor K T Jadeja and sought his help to resolve the matter,\" said CID officials.\"Jadeja was already at loggerheads with some members of the dalit community. The incident took place on the day Jadeja was transferred out of Thangadh and Solanki had taken his place. Jadeja reached the fair and the people started abusing him. This angered the cop who took out his service revolver and fired at the mob five times. Pankaj was killed in the episode,\" the officials added.Here, Jadeja had earlier claimed to have used the revolver of Solanki in the incident. Later, though it was proven that he had used his own revolver which he should have submitted to the police station after his transfer.On September 23, extra security arrangements were made to ensure that the victim's funeral procession got safe passage. However, violence erupted during the procession and Surendranagar police opened fire, killing two more and an injuring another.Three separate FIRs were registered by dalit community members. In all three, Jadeja and Solanki were the main accused. The cops too filed a complaint charging the mob with attempting to kill policemen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16815702", "title": "Media person alleges cop harassment", "text": "MUMBAI: A media professional has lodged a complaint with deputy commissioner of police (Zone II-Panvel) for alleged harassment at the hands of two policemen on October 10.Reghu Balakrishnan was returning home in his car when the incident occurred around 11pm. He was about to take a right turn to enter into the residential complex at Jal Vayu Vihar in Sector-20, Kharghar, when he saw a motorcycle coming from behind. \"I noticed that the two persons on the motorcycle were cops. I stopped my car so that they can pass before I take the turn. But the bike passed from the side and stopped in front of my car. They asked me to hand over the car papers and licence,\" Balakrishnan told TOI.Before Balakrishnan could react, the two constables asked him to come to the police station. \"The cops at Kharghar police station harassed and abused me for no reason. When I told them that I am a mediaperson, they abused me, saying there are lots of low category media people in the city. They took my PAN card and asked me to pay Rs 2,000 fine without explaining what wrong I had done. When I asked them the reason, they said I have violated traffic rules,\" he said.Since Wednesday, Balakrishnan has been running from pillar to post to know the reason for the \"harassment\". He paid the fine at Panvel Court the next day and got the receipt. \"From October 11, I have been visiting the police station but no one was ready to respond,\" he said.DCP (Zone II) Pramod Shewale, said, \"I have asked the ACP to conduct a probe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16815475", "title": "Kolkata must protect its greenery", "text": "A city that cannot protect its greenery can never hope to break into the big league. And an administration that neglects its ecology will forever be guilty before the coming generations. Sometimes, trees may have to be sacrificed for developments projects but there has to be compensatory plantation to make up for the loss. Saplings are planted and forgotten. The city planners need to rope in experts and frame strict guidelines to protect the greenery. Chopping trees should be avoided, as far as possible. And where it isn't, agencies should be held accountable for compensation.Related Story  :  Green lies in greying Kolkata", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16817126", "title": "Man murdered in Ganjam", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Three persons allegedly killed a man using sharp weapons at Somanathpalli village under Ganjam district's Gangapur Police limits on Sunday. The deceased was identified as Krushan Chandra Behera (30) of the same village. Police said the murder might be a sequel to a long-standing dispute between two families. No one has been arrested yet.Tension ran high in the village following the incident. Sub-divisional police officer (SDPO), Bhanjanagar, R C Sethi rushed to the village along with a police force and defused the tension, said SP (Ganjam) Asish Singh. The accused persons have been identified, he said.In another incident, at least three persons were injured in a bomb blast at Bairibada village under Golanthara police limits. Sources said past enmity between two groups of villagers led to the explosion. Police said neither group reported the matter to them. Police forces have been deployed in the village to prevent any further mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16814703", "title": "Labour crunch hits housing projects", "text": "NOIDA: Homebuyers of Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway regions may have to wait longer for their dream homes as developers have been facing acute labour shortage. After failing to get requisite manpower from the UP-NCR region, developers have now begun to search for labourers in other states.Developers of Greater Noida West, better known as Noida Extension, are facing the most problems. Even though construction has been allowed after the year-long land row, development work has been slow due to labourers failing to appear at the construction sites. The Greater Noida Authority has also built up pressure on developers to increase the number of working hours or introduce more labourers to deliver flats to buyers on time.\"This news is depressing. The possession date for homebuyers has already been delayed, and now the labour crisis in Greater Noida West is worsening the situation. There is need for proper planning and strategy to cope with the situation,\" said Vijay Trivedi, vice chairman of buyers' body NEFOMA.Builders in the region agree that they have had to put a hold on construction due to difficulty in finding labourers. \"We have contacted other contractors in the Delhi-NCR to supply us labourers, but considering our situation even they have been demanding exorbitant rates to send them to our sites,\" said Amit Gupta, MD of Orris Group, which has projects along the Yamuna Expressway and Gurgaon.We have sent teams to others states to get labourers by offering them higher compensation and accommodation,\" Gupta added.A recent report has blames successful social schemes like JNNURM and NREGA for the dearth of labourers leading to delay in infrastructure growth. The report adds that price hike has also played a major role for the labour crisis.\"Real estate industry players agree that government social schemes have generated local jobs so the migration of construction labourers has slowly declined. This will definitely hamper the pace of development in the Delhi-NCR,\" said Amit Anand, a contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16814859", "title": "Bhullar clinches 4th Asian title with Macau triumph", "text": "MUMBAI: A hot putter and quest to surpass idol Jeev Milkha Singh's record of 14 international titles was enough for Gaganjeet Bhullar to maintain a start-to-finish dominance at the Macau Golf &amp; Country Club on Sunday for his second Asian Tour title of the season and fourth of his career.Bhullar, who has eight top-10 finishes from 17 starts this year, quelled a spirited fightback from American Jonathan Moore with a 12-foot birdie on the final hole to clinch the Venetian Macau Open by two stokes and give boost to his confidence ahead of this week's $1.25 million Hero Indian Open in Bangalore. His overall total read 16-under 268.\"He is my idol and an inspiration to all youngsters like me. Jeev has more than 10 international titles under his belt and I've only won four till now. I would like to overtake him by next year (laughs). At least in the course of my career, which is not impossible,\" a jubilant Bhullar told TOI from Macau.Asked about how he saw his wire-to-wire triumph, the 24-year-old said: \"It's like a miracle, difficult to believe, as I made a bogey on the very first hole of the tournament. Two wins in one month is a big thing, though I have done it on the PGTI circuit in the past. My driving has always been good but my putting was better as I made some crucial par saves in the final round, especially the one on the 17th after a bogey on the 13th, that kept away any threat to my title chances. My tee shots landed in the right places but holing them from good distances made the difference.\"Meanwhile, Shiv Kapur carded a four-under 67 in the final round to emerge as the second-best Indian at tied fifth with a four-day tally of 10-under 274. Kapur sees his resurgence in form as the perfect gift before the Indian Open, where his best finish (tied third) came in 2010.\"My form has been really good over the past couple of months. I couldn't have asked for a better lead-up to the Indian Open than this. I have got a good record at KGA (Karnataka Golf Association course) and am a lot more confident going into the Open this time,\" said Kapur, whose last win came in the Volvo Masters of Asia in 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16816814", "title": "35 protesting India Against Corruption volunteers taken into preventive custody", "text": "BANGALORE: Thirty-five India Against Corruption (IAC) volunteers were taken into preventive custody by Sanjaynagar police on Sunday, said a top police official.They were taken into custody around 4pm at Dollar's Colony, Sanjaynagar, where the anti-graft volunteers were protesting outside a residence where Union minister for corporate affairs and power Veerappa Moily was put up.\"Thirty-five individuals, including three women, were taken to the nearby police station. We didn't arrest them but took them into protective custody,\" said the senior police official. \"They were released by 5pm itself ,\" he said.However, Kundan Singh, one of the IAC volunteers arrested on Sunday, said police manhandled the volunteers which resulted in minor injuries to about four of them.\"We were protesting peacefully against Moily's decision to support Robert Vadra. We were hurt that our elected member of Parliament had deserted us in support of the wrong person,\" said Singh.\"The police had warned us not to protest, even peacefully. After the media vans left, some police officials forced us into their vehicles. One of our volunteers who had fainted amidst the action was also not spared and taken into custody,\" he said.Singh said the volunteers, who numbered over 30, were released only after 6.30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16814330", "title": "Politicians first woo \u2018mango people\u2019, then deride them", "text": "If there is a search for humble citizens in India when elections are round the corner, then no one will find a better breed than politicians. During the two months of campaigning which generally precede polling, the politicians truly behave like servants of people, willingly trampling their ego and muffling their insatiable hunger for power and money.Post-elections, some victors transform their humility into unfathomable arrogance. They put on their glasses of power and treat the common man (aam aadmi or 'mango people') as trash, and even deride him as \"cattle-class\".If this category of politicians soon forgets the qualities essential to be an elected representative of people, their cronies and relatives go one better. They consider themselves the chosen few sent down to assist the MP or MLA in the smooth conduct of the sophisticated task of governance.Why have the 'mango people' always been forced to travel cattle-class in a republic for which the Constitution lays down a socialist governance path?Infusion of capitalist philosophy into a closed socialist economy in the early 1990s gave a perceptible boost to a sagging economy. Benefits in terms of growth, industrial production, employment generation and raising the hopes and aspirations of people are undeniable.But did the wealth get centred in the hands of a few and allowed the politicians to play with policies to gather a much fatter share of the pie than they actually deserved? Is that the reason why an income of Rs 32 or less a day classifies a 'mango man' as poor?Did the fatter share of wealth blind these politicians towards the plight of the 'mango man'? Did this give them the liberty to ridicule the common man if he asked uncomfortable questions about their disproportionate wealth and their ability to generate that size of fortune?For five years after elections, they conveniently forget the basic fact - that the \"little\" mango man's finger pressed a button on the electronic voting machine to send them as his representatives to assemblies or Parliament.In the Organo Chemical Industries vs Union of India [1979 (4) SCC 573] case, Justice Krishna Iyer had explained how vesting of a little power and brief authority plays a substantial role in effecting a characteristic change in a person.He had said, \"If executive fiats released from legal restraints were free to run amok, our freedoms would be frothy beasts! Sedulous scrutiny of this submission of the counsel is our solemn duty since I share with him the pensive thought that arrogance of power dressed in little brief authority is the undoing of our constitutional order.\"Sadly, our senior politicians have not been able to set examples in humility for the younger lot to follow. It reminds one of the case of offering money to voters in Maharashtra, where then chief minister Sharad Pawar made a mess of it instead of cracking down.In Gadakh Yashwantrao Kankarao vs Balasaheb Vikhe Patil [1994 (1) SCC 682], the Supreme Court had said, \"It is shocking enough that Gadakh said so but far worse to find the chief minister endorse that view. Intended as sarcasm, it depicts poor taste. If this be the level of election campaigning at the top, it is bound to degenerate as it descends to the lower levels.\"Some portions of the speeches of Sharad Pawar were indeed high percept but the electorate would have benefited more by knowledge of the track record of the preacher's practice of the same. There was no such attempt. The degree of responsibility and the level of electioneering expected of the top leadership was wanting in these speeches.\"Finally, it said, \"If probity in public life is to be maintained and purity in elections is not a myth or a catch-phrase, a higher level of electioneering is expected at least at the highest level of political leadership.\"If top leadership of political parties routinely indulge in mudslinging, accusations and counter-accusations during electioneering, there is little for fellow politicians or their cronies to emulate.If a minister laments travelling cattle-class at a time when austerity was the mantra to rescue the country from recession, his cronies will surely not flinch to call the common man \"mango people\". What the Supreme Court lamented nearly two decades ago in Vikhe Patil's case - lack of humility and leadership quality \u2014 appears true today for some important politicians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16816346", "title": "Schoolchildren to mark Global handwashing day", "text": "RANCHI: In line with the global campaign to wash hands, hundreds of schoolchildren will wash hands together on Monday and celebrate the fifth anniversary of global handwashing day.The concept was introduced by Unicef in consultation with WHO after a study revealed that millions of children die all over the world every year because of diseases that could be avoided by simple handwashing. State office of Unicef highlighted some aspects of hand washing and an inculcation of the habit that can prevent diseases like diaorrhoea, typhoid and jaundice. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16815062", "title": "Spanco's failure to deposit TDS puts vendors in a fix", "text": "NAGPUR: Spanco, which is now a minor partner in city's power franchisee business following its failure to pay MSEDCL's dues, has got embroiled in yet another controversy. The vendors, who are already agitated over arbitrary deduction in their payments, are now fuming over the fact that Spanco has failed to deposit tax deducted at source (TDS) amount in their Income Tax (IT) accounts. Many vendors could not file the returns for 2011-12 due to this lapse on part of Spanco.A vendor said that Spanco was the franchisee from May 2011 to September 2011. \"TDS amount pertaining to this period has not been paid and we have not been issued TDS certificates. The last date for filing returns was September 30. The company officials had assured us that the amount would be deposited and we would be given the certificates,\" he rued.The vendor further explained that from third quarter of 2011-12, Spanco's subsidiary SNDL became the franchisee. \"Our TDS amounts from third quarter onwards have been deposited,\" he told TOI.Reacting to the allegations, a senior Spanco official said, \"Reconciled and verified bills have been cleared with due taxes. Some invoices and amounts, which are still under dispute, are being settled mutually with due compliance.\"However, owner of one of the companies that managed the power network for Spanco thrashed this contention. \"The TDS amounts for first two quarters of 2011-12 have not been deposited with the IT department. The amounts pertaining to later quarters have been deposited. In fact, more bills of the first two quarters have been cleared, while those pertaining to later quarters are largely unpaid. So this explanation does not hold any ground.\"Failure to deposit TDS amount in IT accounts, is not the only grudge of the vendors.The vendors have other grudges as well. \"None of us has got full payment so far. We have not been provided the bills. We don't know on what basis our payment has been calculated. Spanco is practically exiting from the business and unless we are provided the bills immediately we fear that we will be fleeced by the company. Many contractors have been summoned to Mumbai and forced to give huge discounts. Many have been levied huge penalties,\" another vendor told TOI.Slamming MSEDCL, the vendor said that the distributor had chosen a wrong company for such an important job. \"Other than failing to clear its (MSEDCL's) dues, Spanco failed to execute the gaothan feeder separation and R-APDRP projects in the state properly. Punjab's power distributor PSPCL has started the process for terminating the Rs350 crore contract given to Spanco for online billing using information technology because of large-scale criticism by consumers and engineers,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "16817485", "title": "Kaziranga forest staff yet to catch poachers", "text": "JORHAT: Even as gunshots were heard on Sunday evening in Kaziranga National Park with unofficial reports of another rhino being killed pouring in, which the park authorities denied, the two poachers who killed a rhino and chopped off its horn on Saturday are still on the loose. Forest officials haven't been able to nab the poachers despite carrying out an extensive combing operation in the park over the last 12 hours.The forest staff said the two poachers managed to escape after killing the rhino, but they left behind a .303 rifle at the spot.\"Our operation is on. But no poachers have been arrested so far. The poachers escaped taking advantage of dense forest cover in the park,\" a park official said.He added, \"We believe that only two persons were involved in killing the rhino at Agoratoli forest range of Kaziranga on Saturday. Our operation was on the right track, but the poachers somehow managed to escape.\"The poachers attacked an adult rhino near Sohola anti-poaching camp under Agoratoli forest range on Saturday. According to the park officials, they heard three gunshots from the Sohola camp area at around 1.30 pm. On hearing the gunshots, they rushed to the spot, where they found a hornless rhino battling for life. A .303 rifle and some pieces of cloths were also found near the rhino.The national park authorities sounded high alert in all the forest ranges of the park following the incident and launched a strong manhunt operation to arrest poachers, but in vain.Meanwhile, police arrested six rhino horn smugglers from Bokoliaghat area in Karbi Anglong district on Saturday. Superintendent of police (Karbi Anglong) B B Chetry said, \"The smugglers came to Karbi Anglong to purchase a rhino horn from a KPLT leader, but police managed to catch them. We arrested them and they were produced before a local court here.\"The Saturday killing took the rhino poaching toll to 12 in 10 months so far this year. Apart from this, the park has also lost 28 rhinos due to floods since June this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16815108", "title": "Travelling allowance bills of foresters, forest guards pending since 2005", "text": "NAGPUR: Forest department employees under the banner of Maharashtra Rajya Vanrakshak and Padonnat Vanpal Sangathna (MRVPVS) submitted a memorandum to the deputy conservator of forests, Nagpur division PK Mahajan alleging that foresters and forest guards had not been given their travelling allowance (TA) bills since 2005.\"Our demand is that even our TA bills be cleared within six months,\" said KJ Bansod, Nagpur unit president of the organization. The memorandum contains a list of demands which according to MRVPVS are being ignored by the department for long. \"The then range forest officer (RFO) of Parseoni range, TC Biswas, who was recently promoted, has harassed at least 23 employees by cutting their salaries. At many instances he had not even allowed the daily wage as well as these 23 employees to work. One, LN Peepdewar died because of the mental torture,\" Bansod alleged.He further added that Biswas sent daily wage workers to the medical board for tests. \"Daily wage workers do not need to undergo medical check up and the report from the board takes at least three months to come. Thus depriving the vanmajoors of work,\" he added.President of the organization Ajay Patil also discussed the issue related to forest guard GS Kirpane being denied promotional benefits. \"According to the department, the confidential reports (CR) required for the release of benefits to candidate have been misplaced. But even after repeated complaints and directions by higher officers to take action against the clerks responsible for the loss, no action has been taken as yet,\" Bansod said.Terming this an exceptional case Mahajan said, \"The CR has been located and the matter is on the verge of being resolved. We will make all efforts to clear TA according to fund availability. An probe will be conducted to verify the allegations levelled against Biswas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16818779", "title": "Taliban target police check post in Pakistan, 6 policemen killed", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Six policemen, including a senior officer, were killed and about a dozen others injured when a large group of Taliban militants stormed a police check post on the outskirts of Peshawar city in northwest Pakistan, officials said on Monday.Superintendent of Police Khurshid Khan was among the policemen killed when militants targeted the check post at Mattani, a suburb of Peshawar, at about 10 pm last night.The heavily armed militants attacked the posts with rockets and heavy weapons. The exchange of fire continued for nearly an hour, officials said.Eleven injured policemen were taken to the Lady Reading Hospital. The check post and several police vehicles were damaged in the attack.Areas on the outskirts of Peshawar have witnessed a string of bombings and militant attacks over the past few months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814249", "title": "New policy to tackle parking mess", "text": "NEW DELHI: South Delhi Municipal Corporation has drafted a new policy to check the parking mafia. The policy, which is likely to come into effect from January 2013, will help the civic agency streamline the management of its parking lots thorough IT-enabled steps, officials say.For the first time, the corporation plans to make registration of contractors mandatory and allow only these contractors to bid for parking tenders. The draft policy will soon be tabled in the standing committee and the House meeting.Under the new policy, all contractors will have to use handheld devices to issue parking slips. These devices will be connected with the corporation's server, ensuring that information on the number of vehicles parked and revenue earned by the contractors is updated on the real-time basis. \"This will help us get accurate information regarding the revenue earned by each contractor on a daily basis. This will help us fix the reserve price when we auction the parking sites next time. We will soon discuss the policy in the House,\" said Savita Gupta, mayor, South corporation.Environment Pollution Control Authority had recommended long ago that the civic agencies make use of handheld devices mandatory to ensure that parking contractors don't fleece people.To clamp down on the parking mafia, the corporation has also decided to renew the registration every year. If five or more instances of violations are recorded against a contractor, the agency will not renew his registration. The registration process for 2013 is likely to be completed by the end of December. From 2014, it will be carried out between January 1 and January 15. \"We will also have a tatkal scheme for registration, but contractors will have to pay double the registration amount,'' said an official.The corporation is also planning to connect its database with Delhi Police's database of stolen vehicles. \"If a stolen vehicle is kept at a parking, the contractor will get to know the moment he enters the vehicle number in the device. He will then inform police,'' said an official.The contractors will also be penalized heavily in case of violation. They will have to ensure that their staff wear uniform and the parking is demarcated by a yellow line.Every contractor's details like name, contract duration, registration and telephone numbers have to be displayed at the parking site. In case of violation, the contractor will have to pay one month's licence fee as penalty. \"We will terminate the contract and blacklist the contractor if there are five or more violations reported against his firm. Contractors will have to put up display boards,\" said Gupta.The South corporation now has 74 authorized parking sites under its jurisdiction. \"We have identified 50 more sites. We will soon send the list to Delhi traffic police for its approval,\" said a senior official.The corporation is also planning to make CCTV surveillance mandatory at all the parking sites. \"But a final decision is yet to be taken,\" said the mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16815154", "title": "BJP's rise may force parties to revise political strategies", "text": "KOLKATA: The meteoric rise of the BJP - corroborated by its share of votes rising from 4% in the 2009 Lok Sabha polls to 10% in recently-concluded parliamentary bypolls in Jangipur - has given a new dimension to the political equation in the state. While some political analysts believe the BJP is no longer a \"small\" party in Bengal, others feel it is only cashing in on the tussle between major parties. Some, however, argue it's too early to jump to any conclusion. Whatever may be the case, the BJP's smart run has certainly made the situation uncomfortable for other parties.Former Presidency College principal and political science teacher Amal Mukhopadhyay feels the break up between the Trinamool Congress and Congress was providing oxygen to all fringe players. \"Add to it local factors like Abhijit Mukherjee lacking his father's stature and the Trinamool-led government's rather arguable minority development focus, which is polarizing voters on religious lines,\" he explains.Congress's Murshidabad strongman Adhir Chowdhury seems to agree with Mukhopadhyay. \"It's true Abhijit lacks the charisma of Pranab Mukherjee. Plus, the anti-incumbency factor and a nearly 2 lakh electorate, who are migrant labourers, didn't vote this time. This went against us,\" he says. Adhir, however, adds, \"Jangipur Town has always had a strong BJP presence. The BJP campaign on AMU land acquisition did have an impact. So did CPM's communal pitch of a son-of-soil campaign versus an outsider (read Abhijit). But yes, Congress has lost a significant portion of its Muslim votes here.\"Some feel BJP's double-edged campaign on land acquisition for the proposed Aligarh Muslim University and the alleged \"minority appeasement\" policy of all mainstream political parties helped them garner 85,857 votes. But the key question now is whether such polarization of votes will limit itself only to Jangipur - which has 71% Muslim population - or spill over to other parts of the state.BJP state president Rahul Sinha claims this isn't a one-off case where the BJP has benefited. He argues that even in the recently concluded assembly bypolls in Daspur and Bankura, the BJP had gained by nearly 2% votes. Consider this with the BJP opening its account in Durgapur, Nalhati and Dhupguri and getting 8% votes in Jalpaiguri, 6% in Panskura and 4% in Haldia in the recently concluded civic polls.The growth which Sinha cites is nothing new. In the 2011 assembly polls in Jangipur, BJP had polled 4.14% of the votes compared to a measly 2.33% when Pranab Mukherjee won the parliamentary elections there in 2009. But from 4.14% to 10% is a jump which can upset all pre-poll calculations. In Jangipur, for example, similarly poised in the race with the BJP are the two minority-backed parties - Welfare Party of India (41,620) and Hafeez Mansoor Ali Khan's Social Democratic Party of India (24,691) - whose share adds up to 66,311 votes. The near 19% vote share of the BJP and the minority-backed parties in a near 58% polling clearly displays a game of diminishing returns for other major contenders.Samir Das, NBU vice-chancellor and a political science professor, feels it is too early to broadbase BJP's increased vote tally in Jangipur to the whole of the state. \"It is too early and the 2014 Lok Sabha polls are way off in electoral terms. But to me, it appears that political parties across the board will now have to decide on their strategy on the issue of immigration or undocumented migration. Jangipur borders Bangladesh. This is impacting the demography and polity of such belts. They have to take a stand now,\" he says.Trinamool MP Sultan Ahmed says: \"Voting is affected by political decisions, it has nothing to do with religion. See what happened to Congress in Uttar Pradesh even after they promised 4.5% minority reservation, or the religious group called Peace Party which could garner only four seats. The Trinamool didn't have a candidate there, so all the pro-Trinamool votes helped the non-Congress parties. This has also to do with our anti-Congress pitch. There is no question of appeasement. When we were part of the NDA, the BJP had benefited likewise in Bengal. But in the elections that followed, they had a share of just of 4% of votes polled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16817488", "title": "300 dogs and 40 breeds, this city show was a crowd-puller", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: When Doky heard his master commanding 'sadit', he sat down on the ground quickly, wagging his tail. Doky's master, Shaju, had to speak in Russian so that his pet understood. The three-year-old import Rottweiler was one of the show-stealers at the 27th All India All Breeds Championship Dog Show organized by the Trivandrum Kennel Club held at the Chandrasekharan Nair Stadium on Sunday.\"Doky has been taught to obey instructions in Russian language. I imported him from Russia one year ago. It is interesting that I had to learn Russian to direct him. He was one among the best five in last year's show,\" says Shaju, a dog trainer from Poojapura.More than 300 dogs of 40 breeds from various parts of India were displayed at the championship. Competitions were held based on the breed standards as specified by the Federal Kennel Club and the winners were awarded 'Challenge' certificates.\"The competitions were held simultaneously in two separate rings. Ten best dogs were selected in various categories. There were separate competitions for male and female dogs in each category. The winners were selected based on their performance and the ideal characteristics of each breed,\" said Trivandrum Kennel Club treasurer N Vijayakumaran Nair.The curled tail and wrinkly, short muzzled face of Audi, the winner of minor puppy group, class , was another attraction of the show. The five-month-old dog has been trained by his master Shyam for the past four months. \"I have a kennel exclusively for pugs, in Thammanam.Of all the breeds, pugs are my favourite,\" said Shyam.Rare breeds like St Bernard, Chihuahua, Siberian Husky, Miniature Pinscher, Basenji, and Whippet were also featured at the show along with the common breeds like Doberman, Boxer, Labrador Retriever , Rottweiler, Dachshund and Pug.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16815928", "title": "Minor girl rescued in Andheri", "text": "MUMBAI: The social service branch of the Mumbai police on Friday rescued a 13-year old girl who was found working as a domestic help at the house of an Andheri businessman.The girl has been sent to a rescue home. The Amboli police have registered an offence under the Child Labour Act against Harish Pushwani for employing the minor. The police said the victim hails from Jharkhand. A Jharkhand-based NGO had filed a complaint with the Mumbai police, alleging the girl was pushed into domestic work by a Delhi-based placement service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "16815402", "title": "Delhi-based centre begins survey of mining-affected areas", "text": "KERI: The environment impact assessment resource and response centre's (ERC) director Pushp Jain on Saturday visited certain mining affected areas in Goa and assessed the extent of pollution and damage caused by mining.ERC is a centre based in New Delhi which facilitates action for protection of natural environment and biodiversity conservation.Speaking to STOI, Jain said, \"We are going to start a survey of the mining affected people in Goa. During the orientation organised in May 2012, issues regarding pollution and damage were brought forward by the activists, community leaders and other sections at Sarvan-Bicholim.\"He further added, \"Many concerns, besides social, ecological and economical, were highlighted. Increase in number of accidents, decrease in agriculture and dairy production in mining belt were discussed. Recently the Supreme Court has passed an interim stay on mining in Goa. There is entirely a change in scenario all over Goa. ERC has planned a survey to know the peoples perception on the changeswith the suspension of mining.\"The survey to be conducted by ERC will include people who are positively or negatively impacted in the present situation. In Pissurlem of Sattari taluka, Hanumant Parab, a social activist, said, \"Our village economy was predominantly based on agriculture and horticulture, along with cattle rearing. But today mining has destroyed all our traditional sources of livelihood, making us depend on trucks transporting mining ore. We want resumption of restricted mining activities following law of the land.\"Ramnath Panshekar from Panshe has brought to the notice of Jain how their village became a victim of haphazard mining activities, destroying the natural environment, biodiversity and water resources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16817040", "title": "Bicycles will help light up Mysore Palace from today", "text": "MYSORE:'Cycling to light up the Mysore Palace' initiative will kick off today. Ten bicycles will be placed near the Palace so that visitors pedal them for as long as they wish and help light up the monument. The first such experiment will begin on Monday.Mysore Palace Board and the district administration, in association with a private telecom company, will fit dynamos to the bicycles and generate power.DC P S Vastrad, who is also the executive officer Mysore Palace Board, told TOI that a telecom company has come forward to support the initiative.In the first phase, around 10 fixed and two normal bicycles will be installed at the Palace. Two movable bicycles will be fitted with dynamos and battery. In fixed cycles, dynamos are fitted to the rear wheel. On pedaling, power is generated using a dynamo, and the same will be stored in 15-20 batteries to light up the Palace.The palace has 98,260 bulbs (of 15 watt each) and they need 1 megawatt to light up the Palace for one hour. Bicycle-generated power will not be sufficient to illuminate the entire Palace. But it will help them cushion the load, he added.When asked if 12 bicycles suffice when the Palace has over 6,000 visitors a day, he said: \"We will install some more bicycles depending on the response. Bicycles will start generating power from Monday.\" Heritage City is in the forefront by promoting 'Cycling to office' on Mondays. \"The unique pedal-to-light up-Palace initiative will be well accepted by the visitors,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16816448", "title": "Petrol dealers demand commission hike, decide to work single shift only", "text": "NASHIK: Petrol dealers in the city have decided to slash working hours down from 18 hours a day to 8 hours a day starting from October 15 onwards to push their demand for increasing commissions on the sale of fuel through pumping stations in the city.Pointing out that the commission on fuel had been strategically revised last nearly three years ago, Nashik District Petrol Dealers' Welfare Association president Nitin Dhatrak said that it was hardly possible for the dealers to manage consumer-friendly facilities based on a decided three years ago, despite minimum wages and inflation scaling new highs recently.\"The nation-wide agitation is to draw attention of the government towards the implementation of the reports of the Apurva Chandra Committee appointed by the central government that were presented in 2011. The committee has said that the commission should be proportional to the price of the fuel so that dealers are able to manage their business of running consumer-facilities - such as toilets, free air for tyres and other similar services at pumping stations,\" Dhatrak said.The current commission is Rs 1.49 per litre of petrol and Rs 0.91 per litre of diesel. \"Because of the fixed commission we are unable to bear businessover-heads. On October 2 and october 3 the dealers implemented a policy of 'No Purchase' of fuel from petrol companies. We have now stepped up our agitation for cost- cutting by working for shorter periods - in a single shift only,\" Dhatrak said. The Confederation of Indian Petroleum Dealers is leading the indefiniteagitation.\"The agitation may be stepped up depending upon the nature of response from the government,\" one of the office-bearers said, adding that the shortening of working hours ensured that the citizens were not being harassed.In rural areas, petrol pumps were more likely to remain open during the night hours, depending on the demands of business, the office-bearer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16817396", "title": "HC asks govt to rehabilitate pavement dwellers", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has asked the state government to explain the steps it had taken to clear pavements and slums of encroachments and rehabilitate the people who occupy road margins in the city.An interim direction to this effect was issued by the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, on a public interest writ petition filed by activist Traffic Ramaswamy last week. \"Government pleader is directed to seek instructions and file a detailed counter-affidavit as to what steps have been taken by the corporation,\" the judge said, and posted the matter after three weeks for further hearing.In his petition, Ramaswamy submitted that the governmental negligence of the poor had encouraged huts on road margins and pavements. Listing the areas such as Broadway, Parry's Corner, Rajaji Salai, Flower Bazaar and other areas in the city, he said no action had been taken to stop the menace. Many of them are also given even ration cards and voter identity cards, he said.The slum clearance board was formed exclusively to rehabilitate slum dwellers, he said, adding that even if an alternative site is allotted to them, they continue to reside on road margins and slums, and the authorities ignore them because they become vote banks for politicians . Such slum dwellers who continue to occupy public space illegally in connivance with officials and politicians even threaten others, including corporation officials, Ramaswamy claimed, adding that the government must effectively rehabilitate the poor if it was serious about ending the menace.He wanted the court to direct the authorities to clear encroachments at specified areas , and rehabilitate the occupants within a time frame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16817042", "title": "Special kids take a fun ride around city", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an effort to forge friendly ties and know children who are hearing and speech impaired, kids of Cubs Club Chandigarh went on an exhilarating ride with 40 children of Jai Durga Deaf and Handicapped Children Welfare Centre, Chandigarh (vocational training and rehabilitation centre) of Sector 27, on the Hop-on Hop-off bus.The ride took the children on a half-day tour of City Beautiful starting from Shivalik View Hotel in Sector 17, Chandigarh. This was a small initiative by the children of Cubs Club to know these children and make friends with them. The aim of this activity was to raise awareness for hearing impairment and facilitate the social inclusion of these children. Cubs Club is a group comprising of working mothers who conduct meaningful activities to bring about a positive change in mindset of children in the society. The club tries to sensitize the member mothers' children about the joy of giving and helps them develop a wholesome, helpful and pleasant personality.Cubs Club convener Meenu Prashar said, \"You don't need to know sign language to work with hearing-impaired individuals. It's great if you know the language but there are plenty of other ways to communicate - such as lip-reading, writing down notes on a pad or better still learn to be a part of an amazing breakthrough - communicate with them, touch their hearts and make a difference in their lives. And this is what the children of Cubs Club did.\" Co-convener Rati Sharma said, \"Apart from making the hearing-speech impaired children happy through the trip, pupils increased their knowledge and improved their ability to communicate effectively with their hearing impaired peers.\"The trip was an exciting outing for the hearing-speech impaired children. They interacted whole-heartedly with their counterparts and got to know about their world. On the other hand normal children appreciated the importance of understanding that their hearing impaired friends were just like them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16817608", "title": "Pan-African Institute to be established with IIIT-A support", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In keeping with the commitment made by Government of India to African countries to provide technical support towards establishment of a Pan African Institute, the Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad is organising a three-week training programme for representatives of 14 countries from October 15 on the Jhalwa campus.Director of the institute Dr M D Tiwari said \"Utility of Information technology has proved surmounting in any society. Indian and African governments are joining hands for a mutually beneficial arrangement of technological advancement.\"Ministry of External Affairs along with Department of Science and Technology are spearheading the project of providing technical support towards establishment of the Pan African Institute and supportive the cause centrally and most actively would be the Indian Institute of Information Technology.Over 32 delegates belonging to Nigeria, Benin, Ghana, Burundi, Kenya, Sierra Leone, Madagascar, Sudan, Congo, Togo, Tunisia, Eritrea, Tanzania and other countries are taking part in the training programme which will be inaugurated by the director at the IIIT-A auditorium at 10:30 am on October 15.Programme coordinator Dr Anurika Vaish said the training module revolves around three basic areas, which are research statistics, machine learning and artificial intelligence. While research concentrates on building up a thought process to initiate innovative ideas among students, statistics and machine learning attempt to develop the same in a technical and analytical perspective.The programme will provide training that teaches various methods to undertake well defined science research with a global reach and mechanism to deploy appropriate statistical data and optimum use of technological innovations.The main objective of the programme is to strengthen the human skills and efficient performance. It is hoped that this initiative will boost the research endeavor that would enable to attract the interest of private entrepreneurs. Fostering knowledge through research and training may act as an agent of change in their respective countries, said Dr Vaish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16817026", "title": "Dog-bite incident upsets foreigners", "text": "MYSORE: The incident, wherein a Spaniard was bitten by a dog near Mysore Palace, has left foreign tourists worried.\"It is an unfortunate incident,\" said Sacha Lowe, a tourist from Germany. \"Mysore has its own place in the international map for (its) splendid Palace. Officials need to take extra care to ensure that such incidents don't recur,\" she added.Another tourist from Holland said that the authorities should have taken enough safety measures at the palace which is on the itinerary of many tourists.Authorities said that they caught three dogs on Friday, the day when Juan Jose Espinal Ri, 50-year-old tourist from Spain was bitten by a dog inside the Palace. He was later treated at a private hospital before being discharged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16814976", "title": "Engineering student booked for mishap", "text": "NAGPUR: An offence against a 19-year-old engineering student has been registered at Gittikhadan police station on Saturday after it came to fore that she was responsible for rash and negligent driving which claimed the life of her batchmate and seriously injured another pedestrian in the New Katol Naka in the first week of September last month. Neha Kalbande and her classmate Mansi Mhaselkar, also aged 19, were heading to SB Jain Engineering college. While Neha was driving the two-wheeler, Mansi had been riding pillion. Failing to control the two-wheeler, Neha dashed against pedestrian Vivek Thakre. The girls too suffered a fall as their two-wheeler skidded.Gittikhadan police had registered a case of minor accident but later booked Neha after the death of her batchmate Mansi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "16817089", "title": "Minor girl molested in Sambalpur", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Yet another minor girl has been sexually abused in the district sparking outrage among locals. Police arrested the 16-year-old accused on Sunday after the victim's father lodged a complaint. This is 10th such incident during last couple of months.Though police have arrested the accused in all such cases, women activists have expressed grave concern over growing crimes against minor girls in recent times in the district.Police sources said the accused runs a betel shop in Bhatra village under Dhanupali Police limits. Two days back, he allegedly called the 6-year-old girl of the same area, who studies in class I in nearby school, and took her to the back of the shop. He then allegedly sexually abused the girl.\"The accused also threatened her of dire consequence if she disclosed the incidentbefore any one,\" Dhanupali IIC P K Rout said. Police forwarded the accused to a local court which remanded him in judicial custody on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "rivona", "code": "16817702", "title": "Mining dust settled, there\u2019s peace of mind", "text": "RIVONA: There is the green of the free flowing arecanut palms and the deep red scars of still mines on the landscape from Curchorem to Colomb-Rivona and Surla to Pale. There is the flaming anger of the mining dependents and the avenged rage of the anti-mining activists. And then there is a third invisible side to the million dollar mining coin.From altering the school building so classrooms do not face trucks carrying the threat of respiratory illnesses to erecting a screen over the compound wall to filter the air containing the irritants, nothing has stopped students from scratching their names off the rolls of Tagore Educational Institute in Cotombi.\"Last year, parents and the school staff came together and got the mamlatdar to agree to remove a speed breaker on the road to the school. When the ore carrying trucks would bounce off the rumblers, the dust would pollute the school atmosphere. This season, there is no dust or noise pollution,\" school headmaster Tukaram Naik said.The high school's enrolment has slid to 160 from 250 five years ago, but with mining at a full stop at the moment, there is possibly hope for the future.The demographics, too, in mining-battered areas have been altered in a major way. The cost of living has come down; fish is cheaper and fruits easier on the pocket. Then there is the case of the population of migrant mine employees\u2014mostly from Karnataka, Bihar , Orissa, Jharkhand and Chattisgarh\u2014who have been forced to find work back home. Those who have stayed on here are working for half their mining season salaries, and there are still many who have been asked to catch the earliest north bound train on schedule.\"Around 50% of mining truck drivers come from outside Goa,\" Prakash Raut Dessai of South Goa progressive truck owners association admits.According to Cavrem villagers, most locals working in mines were engaged in smalltime jobs of supervisors, sweepers and peons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16815111", "title": "After five years, Nagpur Municipal Corporation falls back on defaulting co to complete Sitabuldi mall", "text": "NAGPUR: In 2006-07, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) had drawn ambitious plans to construct six swanky malls on its sprawling lands in prime locations on built operate transfer (BOT) basis. Six years on, these malls have remained only on papers due to the civic body's apathy while executing these projects. Refusing to amend it ways, NMC now proposes to start work on one of the projects - Sitabuldi mall - by issuing revised work order to the private company which had abandoned work on two of the projects - Dhanaganj and Jaripatka malls.The civic body had awarded the contract for constructing these six malls to a joint-venture of two private companies, Unity Infra Projects Private Limited and BSEL Infrastructure Realty Limited. The company could start work on two projects - Dhanaganj in East Nagpur and Jaripatka in North Nagpur. However, NMC's failed to clear certain issues pertaining to the remaining projects.Meanwhile, the private company abandoned the Dhanaganj and Jaripatka projects in 2008 after some initial work. As a result, NMC cancelled the work orders for these projects in April 2010. However, the civic body did not cancel the work orders issued for other projects due to its own issues.Now, NMC's Pench project cell, which looks after the mall projects, has sent a proposal to the Standing Committee seeking approval for issuing revised work order for the Sitabuldi mall project to the same joint-venture company from the present date. According to NMC officials, the user of the land where the mall was proposed was \"NMC office\" and \"commercial centre\". \"The mall was proposed on the entire land before changing the user from \"NMC office\" to \"commercial centre\". Tender was floated followed by the work order on July 26, 2007. However, the town planning department refused to sanction the building plan as it required change of user. The NMC then sent a proposal to the state government requesting for the change in user. It was approved on March 4, 2011, when the 2.5 FSI was not applicable. The government implemented 2.5 FSI from March 14 this year. The proposal for sanctioning the building plan was submitted on April 7 this year and would take at least two more months for approval,\" the officials said.The department in its proposal said that the handing over letter for the Sitabuldi project was issued to the private company on February 25, 2008. \"As per work order norms, NMC must hand over the land to the company within six months after clearing all the issues else the execution period needs to be extended. The private company has now sought an extension citing delay from NMC's side,\" the officials added.The standing committee will discuss the proposal in its meeting on October 17. Unity Infra is already facing flak for inordinate delay in the cement road project.Meanwhile, Vishvaraj Infrastructure Limited (VIL), which bagged contract for Dhanaganj mall more than a year ago, and Multi Urban Infra Services Private Ltd, which was awarded tender for Jaripatka mall over eight months ago, have not even deposited the due amount. They have also not signed an agreement with the NMC within the stipulated period of one month. Still, the NMC is sitting pretty for reasons best known to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814693", "title": "Indian Mujahideen bombers may still be in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite the arrest of three suspected Indian Mujahideen terrorists who were planning major strikes in the capital during the Diwali season, sources in Delhi Police say that the threat is not over. Investigators suspect that the two absconding terrorists of this module \u2014 Shaqir and Ahmed\u2014who are bomb making experts, could well be in the city and may carry out blasts with the help of LeT sleeper cells.According to sources, the money for Diwali attacks was to come through a Delhi-based hawala dealer, who is being looked for now. Sources also confirmed that 5kg explosive recovered from the IM suspects is ammonium nitrate. The special cell is trying to identify the place from where they bought this explosive.\"They had purchased all the material - explosive, detonators, circuits and timers for making the bombs. Shaqir and Ahmed had to join them in the Pul Prahladpur flat and prepare the IEDs and conduct a recce in atleast seven crowded markets of Delhi,\" said a source.To avert any tragedy, the special cell is looking for other IM members in Delhi and NCR region and security has been beefed up in crowded markets.Asad Khan, Imran Khan and Feroz were arrested by special cell recently for allegedly carrying out the August 1 Pune serial blasts and planning major strikes in Delhi this festive season. They are presently being interrogated at the Lodhi Colony office.Asad, Imran and Feroz are members of module of LeT commander Fayyaz Kagzi. The interrogation report of the trio, accessed by TOI states that Asad wanted to work with IM and since he knew that Fayyaz Kagzi of Beed (Maharashtra) was an active member, he started looking for him. To reach Kagzi, they approached Kashif Biyabani, brother of Akhef Biyabani, co-accused with Kagzi in 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case, and were arrested by Maharashtra ATS.Asad Khan's interrogation report reads, \"In August 2009, we (Asad, Imran and Feroz) met Kashif Biyabani in connection with the business. We asked him whether he knew any person who was involved in Jehadi activities. Kashif gave me the number of Fayyaz Kagzi, who was in Saudi Arabia. After taking the number, we (Asad, Imran and Feroz) discussed among ourselves and went to Saudi Arabia to meet Kagzi\".His IR further talks about how he met Yusuf Himayat Baig, who was involved in Pune German bakery blast of February 2010. \"One day, Kashif came to us with another person but he did not identify him to us. We came to know about that person later that he was Himayat Baig when he was arrested in German Bakery blast case,\" adds Khan's IR.Sources say Kashif Biyabani is under the scanner for allegedly arranging these meets of new members with Fayyaz Kagzi. They said the three arrested IM members had gone to Saudi Arabia several times to meet Kagzi where \"they used to discuss 2002 Gujarat riots and atrocities on Muslims in India\" and \"they expressed desire to carry out blasts to Kagzi\".The sources added that Kagzi had told the trio that they would be \"used whenever required\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16815105", "title": "NH-4 widening draws Mozari Ashram ire", "text": "NAGPUR: The widening of the National Highway No 6 off Amravati Road has drawn the ire of lakhs of followers of Vidarbha's saint Tukadoji Maharaj as it would cause a severe disturbance to the Gurul Mozari Ashram where the revered saint's 'samadhi' is located. The issue is also taking a political turn with BJP MLA Nana Patole and Congress MLA Yashomati Thakur having now joined the issue.Patole, who was in the city on Saturday, told TOI that around 1000 prominent community leaders from all parts of Vidarbha would meet on Thursday at Mozari to discuss on measures to prevent the threat of the four-laning of the highway that would take away a piece of land of the ashram. \"We are demanding that the proposed four-lane highway which would pass just 10 metres from the 'samadhi' be redesigned so as to bypass the Ashram complex,\" he said.Tukadoji Maharaj was a saint who wielded great influence on the psyche of rural Maharashtra and especially in Vidarbha where he dedicated his life for improving health and hygiene of villagers through his epic book of dos and don'ts called 'Gram Geeta'. In 1955 he led the Indian spiritual delegation to Japan for the World Peace Conclave and had a dialogue with religious leaders from all over the world. The Nagpur University is named after him.\"Such an eminent saint is not being given his due. The proposed expanded highway would pass close to the ashram where lakhs of people visit every year to get inspiration,\" said Patole. \"It would not only create noise and air pollution but would also create several problems for the followers of Tukadoji,\" said the BJP MLA. \"We want the NHAI authorities to work a way out. Moreover, Thursday's meeting would discuss the demand for creation of a national monument for Tukadoji at Mozari,\" he added.While Tiwasa MLA Thakur was not available for comment, it is reported that she has agreed to the highway expansion plan provided a flyover is built at Mozari. But, according to Patole, the ashramites want a bypass and not a flyover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16814774", "title": "Black balloons to greet PM in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The skies will be dotted with black balloons on Tuesday when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh lands in the city to inaugurate the pylon of the ongoing CoP-11 with pro-Telangana activists planning to release hundreds of gas balloons in the air as a mark of protest against the dilly-dallying UPA government which is yet to take a stand on the separate statehood issue.The activists have not declared Tuesday as a 'black day' but said they would release the black balloons in a symbolic protest against the PM's procrastination on the Telangana issue.Sources said that pro-Telangana leaders would not only release the balloons in Hyderabad but also in all the 10 districts that make up the region to convey their anguish over the delay in a verdict on the separate statehood question.The leaders said they would not obstruct the PM's convoy but made it clear that the balloon protest would be carried out. \"We do not want to embarrass the country's PM in the international arena. But we want our voice to be heard and will make it happen by painting the sky black,\" said Katti Venkataswamy, chaiman of the Telangana Lecturers' Forum (TLF).Meanwhile, Telugu Desam Party is also planning a novel protest to coincide with the PM's visit. The party is planning to put up banners all along the route which is to be taken by the PM's convoy.The party's floor leader in the municipal council, Singireddy Srinivas Reddy, has said that they would highlight the issues of poor sanitation and health problems like dengue and swine flu to draw attention to the official apathy towards mitigating civic problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16815459", "title": "Regional transport office cracks the whip on defective meters", "text": "MUMBAI: The transport office expects the meter recalibration process to expose quite a few rogues among auto and taxi drivers. Over the weekend, the Andheri and Wadala RTOs detected defects or tampering in 50 of 200 meters that had come in for recalibration. \"We cancelled those 50 meters and told the drivers to get new ones,\" said an RTO official. But why will a rogue driver take a tampered meter to the RTO in the first place? Does he not know that he will get caught? \"No. Most drivers aren't smart enough to know this,\" the official said. \"This is also because in the past, meters were not recalibrated with diligence. This time, the story is different.\"Shashank Rao of Mumbai Automen's Union said the transport department did not have adequate infrastructure to finish the recalibration process within the mandatory 45 days of the new fares coming into effect. But a senior official from the transport commissioner's office said this was not true. \"Also, if required, we will call for additional manpower from RTOs outside Mumbai,\" the official said. Mumbai Taximen's Union leader A L Quadros said there was a shortage of chips that are used for recalibration and demanded the deadline be extended to December 31.An RTO official said the department had also launched a drive against refusals outside railway stations, bus depots, malls, multiplexes and markets. \"During the weekend, we nabbed 21 drivers for refusals. The campaign will continue this week.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "16816517", "title": "Hindu thread stirs race row in South Africa", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: A white South African music teacher is facing racism charges after allegedly taunting a young Hindu boy for the past three years over a red string worn by the student for religious reasons.Sybil Jordaan, the teacher, is facing racism charges from the education authorities and the South African Human Rights Commission. She will have to answer to claims that she made racist and religiously intolerant remarks to the pupil, now nine, who may not be named under South African law.The boy's parents laid the charges after learning of the abuse that their child had reportedly suffered at the hands of the teacher only after he deliberately jammed his hand in a car door to avoid having to attend school.The parents claimed that the principal of the school, who is Jordaan's husband, did not resolve the matter satisfactorily when the parents first complained to him in 2010 about the racial remarks made to the child.But now the provincial education department has confirmed that the notice has been served on Jordaan to respond within three days with a report on why she should not be suspended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16814242", "title": "Ashwin, Balu seal crowns with a round to spare", "text": "CHENNAI: Ashwin Sundar of Dark Don Racing marked his return to the JK Tyre-FMSCI National racing championship after a three-year gap by winning the LGB Formula 4 title with a round to spare at the MMST track on Sunday. Arjun Balu of Tiger Sport India, meanwhile, bagged the crown in the highly-competitive Indian Touring Cars class.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "16815293", "title": "Yacht on display at Panaji today", "text": "GOA: INSV Mhadei, the Indian yacht which will embark on the first non-stop solo voyage of circumnavigation of the earth on November 1 will be on display for the public at the Captain of Ports jetty, Panaji, on October 14 from 10am to 4pm. Its captain and sole crew member will be Lt Commander Abhilash Tomy of the Indian Navy. The 56-foot sloop-rigged yacht based on the 'Van de Stadt Tonga 56' design, was built in Divar, Goa, by Ratnakar Dandekar of Aquarius Fiberglas Pvt Ltd for the Indian Navy. Both Dandekar and the yacht's captain, Lt Commander Abhilash Tomy, will meet the public on the occasion.NoMoZo at Vasco: The citizens of Vasco and members of Vascokars United (a citizens' group), along with the Mormugao Municipal Council and the Mormugao planning and development authority (MPDA), will jointly organize a no-motorized-zone (Vasco NoMoZo) at Vasco on October 14, between 3pm and 8pm, at the municipal sSquare, opposite the municipal building. The programme will provide a platform to citizens to sing, dance, perform, relax, draw, paint, cycle, skate and showcase their talents or skills. Rangoli, local games, blind-chess, Zumba and various spot games and light entertainment will also be part of this event.Walk for the blind on Oct 15: The national association for the blind (NAB) will hold a 'Walk for the Blind' on October 15. The walk will be flagged off at 8am from Panaji ferry point and culminate at the Kala Academy. Former Gen Sunith Rodrigues will be the chief guest for the occasion. NAB has appealed to all citizens of Goa and like-minded organizations to join the walk and show their concern and solidarity for the cause of the blind. NAB Goa state branch president Rozendo Mendonca said students, rotary club members, and people from other institutions will be participating.Antonette de Calangute at TAG's prog: Tiatr artists Antonnete Pereira, popularly known as Antonette de Calangute, will be the 'artiste of the month' at Tiatr Academy's monthly programme 'Meet the Artiste' to be held on October 17, at 4.30pm, at the Black Box, Ravindra Bhavan-Margao. The programme will be filmed at documented at TAG's library. For the last one year Antonette has not been seen on stage due to kidney failure and is missed by her fans. The ace tragedienne is settled in Colva along with her tiatrist husband Bonny and two sons Clifton and Collin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16814533", "title": "Keshava Rao flays Azad for Telangana remarks", "text": "HYDERABAD: After Telugu Desam Party (TDP) and Telangana Joint Action Committee (TJAC) leaders, it was the turn of senior Congress leader K Keshava Rao to target Ghulam Nabi Azad for his remarks on Telangana. Mincing no words, the former MP wondered as to why the AICC general secretary, who is the party in-charge for AP affairs, was bent upon provoking the people of the region.Speaking to newspersons on Sunday, Keshava Rao said that Azad had no right to make provocative statements at a time when a strong Telangana sentiment was sweeping through the region. He said Azad should remember that it was the Congress which had promised a separate Telangana in December 2009. He urged Azad not play with the emotions of the four crore people of the region and said it was only the Congress high command which could take a call on the contentious issue.The TDP, meanwhile, stepped up its offensive against Azad saying that some Union ministers were only compounding the problem by being equivocal on the issue. \"Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde says there were no talks on Telangana while the Union health minister (Azad) says talks were held with TRS but no solution could be found. Another Union minister, Vayalar Ravi , asks where is Telangana. The Centre is playing dirty politics,\" alleged TDP MLA Mothkupalli Narasimhulu.He lashed out at the Congress and TRS for creating confusion among the people of Telangana by making conflicting statements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16814219", "title": "Pollution, rampant trawling hit fish catch along AP coast", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Fish catch in coastal AP has plummeted by almost 40% besides registering a sharp decline in marine biodiversity and disruption in ecosystem with several endemic species becoming extinct over the last decade. This is direct fallout of indiscriminate and unscientific exploitation by trawler nets, unchecked pollution and lack of implementation of government regulations.Researchers and experts express concern and point out that alternative methods of fish catching and livelihood for the fishing community are a must to save the marine biodiversity. B Baratha Lakshmi, director, Academic Staff College, Andhra University, who is involved in biodiversity conservation, points out that untreated release of effluents including heavy metals, chemicals and its sewage, pesticides, pharma factories and oil spills from ships have wreaked havoc on the marine life on AP coast.Indiscriminate exploitation of resources by heavy trawler traffic and climate change has also caused a drop in fish catch. \"There has been a sharp decline in fish catch by around 40% in the last one-and-a-half decade. The Bay has about 600 varieties of commercially-viable fish but more than 55 varieties of species are already on the endangered list,\" she says.Owing to increase in ultraviolet radiation due to ozone layer depletion, 'phytoplankton' (food for the fish) has also depleted, disrupting the aquatic food chain, Lakshmi avers. \"Moreover, when Ph (measure for acid or alkalinity) value for sea water is more or less than normal 5, fish production will also come down,\" she points out.Explaining the havoc caused by trawl nets, K Sujatha of department of marine living resources, AU, says while catching the fish (mostly shrimps), many other non-target species get entangled in the net or propellers, including shell fish, juvenile finned fish, ecologically important predatory fish, dolphins, turtles and so on which are discarded as trash or used as cattle feed. \"This happens because the nets are often 1.3 cm to 2.5 cm in size contrary to the government norm of 4 cm. Turtle excluding devices (TEDs) are not always used nor strict penalties are imposed,\" she reveals. Sujatha says very small patches of coral reefs remain in Vizag due to unregulated fishing activity.Curiously, fish catch has stagnated at around two lakh tonnes from the sea in AP, which has a long coastline of 974 km, despite increase in demand for consumption. Maheswarudu, principal scientist, Central Marine Fisheries Research Institute (CMFRI), warns if indiscriminate exploitation and pollution are not checked, there will be severe shortage of fish. \"Several fish have migrated to the deep sea waters from the coast due to heavy pollution from thermal power and pharma manufacturing units,\" he says.Experts say besides building artificial reefs in the coastal areas to shelter the fish to preserve biodiversity and stop non-judicious fishing activity. Currently, around 350 trawlers are operating in Vizag. In all there are 1,341 trawlers in the state, besides 17,837 traditional boats. Though deep trawling has now been converted to tuna fish liners, it had disturbed aquatic life to a great extent. \"The government needs to take up promotional projects, stop pollution especially oil spills and industry effluents, adopt cage culture in the sea and provide alternative livelihood to fishermen,\" Maheswarudu says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16816822", "title": "Kids celebrate the joys of adventure", "text": "Heave ho! Up , up and away , to the summit. Every month , that's what students of Alpine Public School do, literally and figuratively . Over rough terrain and unchartered course, the students set out, either on their cycles or without.When one annual excursion is a luxury in most schools, adventure sports has taken pride of place here . The call of the wild is so strong that there is not one child in the entire school who has not been on a trek so far .Every month , the school plans one adventure outing . Children from classes VI to X can sign up , so there is always a mixed group that sets out. \"It's fun interacting with those you don't meet every day ,\" says Arshiya Aman , Class X.The children are divided into small groups with one leader each . They help each other , and when a child falls behind , there is enough motivation from theothers to continue to the top . Says Preeti Agarwal of Class IX, \"We never take the used path , we always create a new one through shrubs and plants .\"\"Whenever we climb a hill, we always go up the steep side. It is more adventurous that way ,\" says Eashan Goel.\"During our trip to Shivaganga , we did three treks in one day ,\" says Palak Kasturi , adding that they interact with the local people and try to understand their culture .\"Our night trips are really interesting . We camp out on top of a hill, under the star-lit sky . None of us sleeps through the night , we just keep spooking each other out,\" say students .Chamundi Hills, Shivaganga , Devarayanadurga , KGF, Skandagiri , Savanadurga . If they are not climbing hills, they are on cycling treks , again over hills, through slushy places , or bushes and farm paths .Says Col Sameer Kanjilal , principal , \"Our motive is to inculcate the spirit of adventure , openness and be socially outgoing .\" The great motivator , the principal , accompanies the students on almost all the treks .Says vice-principal Jayalakshmi Shastry , \"These trips make them independent , and develop a deep bonding with teachers . They share all their thoughts and feelings with us.\"Interestingly , these treks are open to non-Alpinians too. \"We bring our friends and cousins along on many treks and they enjoy it too,\" says Lasya Priya . Parents , too, are welcome to join in .Says Col Kanjilal , \"The world belongs equally to us all . The activities at Alpine are incorporated to ensure a social interactive module basking in nature's glory . This unique experience should not be cloaked under the school's name but should be open to everyone who wants to celebrate the joy of the world .\"Frontline expeditionsThe school organizes visits to defence establishments. They have been inside a submarine, on tanks, fired guns, went to the Jammu border, visited the NDA at Pune, watched a passing-out parade and so on. Says Lasya Priya of Class X, \"Our school has taken us where our parents can never take us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "16818633", "title": "Little-known Phangiso celebrates Tendulkar's wicket all night", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: He was gunning for Sachin Tendulkar's wicket ever since Highveld Lions were drawn to play Mumbai Indians in the Champions League Twenty20 and so thrilled was little-known spinner Aaron Phangiso after getting the prized scalp that he remained up all night to celebrate.Lions defeated the defending champions by eight wickets with seven balls to spare last night. Aaron's lone contribution to his team's winning cause was dismissing Tendulkar for a mere 16.The victory dance that followed the dismissal showed what it meant for the hardly-known Aaron to dismiss the revered Indian veteran.\"I enjoyed that wicket especially being one the greatest batsman in the world, Sachin Tendulkar; I enjoyed that a lot,\" Aaron said after the match.\"Celebration is definitely going to continue for me. We are going to celebrate. It is a big game for us, and a big win.\"No, I am not going to sleep. I am just going to enjoy this moment,\" he added.Asked what was going through his mind when Tendulkar was at the crease, Aaron said he just wanted to come up with some of his best bowling against celebrated veteran.\"It is one of those moments, for which you have been preparing, knowing that we are playing against the Mumbai Indians. I was prepared and I just tried to do what I do best and then hoped to do well,\" Aaron said.\"I have just been doing the normal stuff. Bowling in the nets and bowling to our players that's all that I have been doing. I have just been working on my line and length that's what I have been working on,\" he added.Meanwhile, losing team's pacer Lasith Malinga said the Lions batted extremely well to clinch the game.\"I think we got to bowl on a good wicket. The new ball swung around a bit but after that it didn't do much. We were always thinking about bowling a good line and length.\"They were batting well but sometimes we didn't bowl that well. I think that is the reason we couldn't win,\" he said.Asked if being the defending champions has created pressure on Mumbai, Malinga said, \"Not much. We don't think about what happened in the IPL or CLT20 2011.\"\"We just think about one game at a time. We don't have any pressure of being defending champions on our mind. We just want to play one game at a time,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16814615", "title": "Ex-sarpanch killed in road accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: An ex-sarpanch died in a road mishap near Narkuda on the outskirts of the city on Sunday. The victim was identified as B Narasimhulu, 35, ex-sarpanch of Regadidosa village in Shamshabad mandal. The mishap occurred at 11 am when Narasimhulu along with another villager, Mohammed Osman, 34, was returning to Regadidosa from Shamshabad on hisbike . The pillion rider, Osman, suffered severe injuries and is undergoing treatment at a nearby hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16816518", "title": "Raging debt crisis exposes weakness of European Union", "text": "When was the EU formed?After WWII, many political thinkers started talking about the extreme form of nationalism that had devastated Europe. The European Coal and Steel Community (ECSC), which was formed in 1950, was a step which was welcomed by many experts. Europe's first supranational community had six members - France, West Germany, Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg . Gradually, the ECSC developed into a customs union and over a period of time was joined by more countries. The EU was formally established after the 1993 Maastricht Treaty.What are the criteria for joining EU?For membership of the EU, a European country must fulfil what are called the Copenhagen criteria. These require a country to be politically stable, guarantee rule of law and human rights and have a functional market. The country should also be capable of coping with market forces within the Union. The membership is assessed by the European Commission , the Union's executive body, and the European Council.What is the Economic and Monetary Union (EMU)?The EMU is a group of 27 countries. All EU member states are part of this economic union. The EMU members have to agree on certain policy orientations like setting the national budget within agreed deficit limits, setting monetary policy with price stability as the primary objective, facilitating preferential trading areas and free trade and so on. The EMU is governed by the European System of Central banks, which unites the central banks of all member states.Has the EU successfully tackled the ongoing crisis?The ongoing debt crisis, which has primarily affected Greece, Portugal, Italy, Ireland and Spain, has exposed the weakness of the union. These countries are unable to pay their debts because of low economic growth and diminishing tax revenues. The EU is criticized for its sluggish action because of the bureaucratic pressure which requires the consent of all 17 Eurozone countries. So far, the primary course of action has been a series of bailouts, which again are criticized as postponing the true solution to a later date. The bailouts, which put pressure on economically stable members of the Union, also have political implications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16815754", "title": "Now, Jaipur Development Authority bent on completing arena polo complex", "text": "JAIPUR: After stalling work of the nearly complete Organized Archery, Shooting and Equestrian Sports (OASES) complex for four years, the Jaipur Development Authority JDA has for the first time put up work for the arena polo complex, a part of OASES, on the agenda of the authority's committee meeting.The reason given by the JDA for delay of work in OASES that it was trying to indentify if the project is under an area where construction is banned, is indeed lame as the project was already granted environmental clearance before 2006 by a central empowered committee, comprising 22 members including the amicus curiae, of the Supreme Court.Already, Rs 80 crore has been spent on the Rs 100-crore project spread over approximately 18.02 hectare. Official records clearly state that a proper drainage to regulate water flow from the site was constructed in 2006 before commencement of the project work in 2007. After the Ashok Gehlot government came to power, the project was stalled with JDA wanting to figure out if the project was feasible at all.The remaining 25% work, according to sources, had come to a halt after the Vasundhara Raje government lost power.The project that was to give a platform to heritage sports of Rajasthan and nurture budding talents in the state has been lying incomplete with government apathy. The structure is deteriorating by the day due to lack of maintenance. There have been several incidents of thefts and the rain water over the last four years has corroded the walls and the exposed material at the arena polo complex. Now, contractors, whose bills are pending, are running from pillar to post. They have also started approaching courts for payments.Though UDH minister and chairman of the JDA committee Shanti Dhariwal on two occasions after a site visit had given clearance to complete the work, JDA had not initiated any action.So far, the government has already spent Rs 28 crore on arena polo and Rs 24 crore work is still pending. Now with an intention to complete work, JDA wants to issue new work orders without finalizing the old ones. However, the order for roof in the arena polo complex is still not given. The project still remains in status quo for now.Dhariwal's orders went unheededOn August 30, 2009 after a site visit, Dhariwal had instructed the officials to utilise all material bought and those lying in the open at the complex, including steel trusses to make the facility fully operational. He visited the sports complex for the second time on August 6, 2011 after burglars drove off with a truck load of unattended goods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16819525", "title": "'Makkhi' director all set to break into Bollywood", "text": "Eega (Makkhi) Director S S Rajamouli Is All Set To Finally Break Into Hindi Films. He discusses his plans and why he disapproves of remakes, with Subhash K Jha.Is it true after Makkhi you've finally decided to take the plunge into making a Hindi film? Yes, it's actually going to be a Hindi-Telugu film. It's a universal story, not star-centric film. When I was in Mumbai for the promotion of Makkhi , I met Ajay Devgn, Kajol and Shah Rukh Khan and I wanted to meet Aamir Khan . He was shooting out of India. I also met my favourite director Raju Hirani. All of them showered praises on Makkhi . I am now confident about attempting a Hindi film. I believe if you have a good story to tell, audiences will watch it.Whom would you be working with in Hindi? It would have to be the Telugu star Prabhas.We are committed to make the next film with him. I did work with Ajay Devgn and Kajol who did the voiceover in Makkhi . I wanted a couple with easily identifiable voices but with an image for being family-oriented. Ajay and Kajol fitted the bill. You get a good feel about them. Ajay agreed when I approached him. But I insisted he see the film first. After seeing the film the first thing he said, 'I must show this film to my kids.'I believe you've zeroed in on the subject that you want to do in Hindi? Yes, I am looking at shooting my next film in Hindi and Telugu. It is a period film but not historical. It's a folk story. And no, it's not about reincarnation. I'm done with reincarnation after Magadheera and Eega .What's this fascination with the theme of reincarnation? It started with Rakesh Roshan's Karan Arjun .I remember watching that film. For the first time, I openly laughed and wept during a film. Earlier I was very reserved about my emotions. Karan Arjun opened up my emotions.Why have you stayed away from Hindi cinema so far? To be very frank I never got very good offers from Hindi cinema until Eega . Now I'm flooded with offers. But I've some commitments to fulfill in the south before I head to Mumbai to make a film. Of course as a storyteller I want my cinema to reach a larger audience, no doubt about that.Your films have been remade and dubbed into several Indian languages. Yet you continue to function from Andhra Pradesh? I am very happy and proud to be known as a Telugu filmmaker. I am glad to know my films make a pan-India impact. I see no linguistic impediment. But to make a film in Hindi would be an advantage. It has to be a universal story like Makkhi . A fly is a fly anywhere. Vikramarkurdu was made as a star-vehicle for Ravi Tejaa. I couldn't have made it for the entire country. It was tailored for Telugu audiences.Why didn't you direct Rowdy Rathore , the Hindi version of your hit Vikramarkurdu ? Because it was never offered to me! And even it was, I wouldn't have done it. I'll be making an original film in Hindi. No point in doing the same film twice over.What did you think of Rowdy Rathore ? Frankly, I'm not a fan of my original film in Telugu either. I know it had some good moments, for example the sentiments shared between the hero and the little girl who reforms him, which made the film work. The re-makers exploited those moments but not enough. We gave much more footage in Vikramarkurdu to the father-daughter scenes.The refrain Chin ta ta chi ta ta in Rowdy Rathore was lifted from Vikramarkurdu and used into Rowdy Rathore. Actually, it was not our original tune either. My music composer M M Kreem didn't compose it. It's like ...how do I put it? A folk tune in Tamil Nadu. It's a kind of anthem refrain among students in the State. Youngsters compose their own crude protest songs and then cap it with Chinta ta ta . It has existed in Tamil Nadu for generations. I made it a part of Ravi Tejaa's character and then it was given to Akshay Kumar.Do you approve of filmmakers lifting secondary material? I think there's a very thin line between copying and adapting. I think its okay to use material from earlier films. As long as it doesn't hurt the original creator we can use it.Can you give me an example? In so many films of mine I've used scenes and shots inspired by earlier films. My Maryada Ramanna (now remade into Son Of Sardar ) was inspired by a 1923 Buster Keaton silent film Our Hospitality . One could say I copied the film. I don't mind. When I saw the original I liked it so much I wanted to re-tell the same story on my own way. I even tried to find the original creators. But no one existed. The original writers died in the 1930s. Technically any material that has existed for more than 75 years can be used without a copyright claim. But if you use material in Hindi film from a contemporary Punjabi, Oriya or Telugu film you need to take permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814497", "title": "Khurshid denies charges, has spat with reporters", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union law minister Salman Khurshid on Sunday fiercely quarreled with reporters of a TV channel, disputing their claim that his NGO Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust had embezzled public funds meant for the disabled.The minister countered the allegation that his trust made fake claims of having organized camps for distribution of equipment among the differently abled. A spirited Khurshid, with wife Louise by his side, attributed motives to the channel, disclosed that he had done a \"reverse sting\" on the reporters and dropped hints that the media outlet against which he has already filed a defamation suit may be sued abroad as well.Khurshid also said that pushed to the wall, he had to resort to unconventional measures, the results of which he would soon produce to expose the conspiracy. \"Marta kya na karta (I was left with no option),\" he said.But the reporters retaliated by insisting that the minister had evaded answering the key issue of whether Louise and others involved with the trust submitted affidavits and certificates with forged signatures attesting to the successful implementation of the central scheme.The reporters claimed that UP officials have written to the state government that their signatures on the affidavits and documents that the trust submitted to the Union ministry of social justice and empowerment were forged.The Congress, however, stood behind Khurshid, with party spokesperson Manish Tewari saying, \"The law minister has wisely chosen the legal course. At the end of the day, the ultimate analysis, what really matters is the judicial adjudication.\"Khurshid's interaction earlier had turned into an unusual slanging match between the minister, whose supporters booed the channel, and reporters, throwing light on the evolving dynamic between the political class and the feisty electronic media.Anti-corruption activist Arvind Kejriwal later in the evening alleged that one of the photographs flashed by Khurshid was of a later date, ensuring that the debate is far from settled. In fact, Kejriwal threatened to unleash more documents on Monday to \"expose\" the law minister.Khurshid, who arrived from London to a rather hot reception by Kejriwal's supporters who have demanded his resignation over the \"scam\", denied the allegation that camps where the trust claimed to have distributed equipment among the disabled were not held. He produced photographs, newspaper clippings and eyewitnesses -- former cricketer and Congress MP Mohammad Azharuddin included -- to back up his contention that camps were held, and said this sufficed to settle the \"core issue\" of whether there was a scam.The pictures included those of J B Singh, whom the channel has cited as one of the UP officers to allege that camps were not held. \"These pictures are of J B Singh giving certificates at a camp organized by the trust. These are not morphed pictures,\" a triumphant Khurshid said.In the course of the interaction, the minister presented Rangi Mistri, a hearing-impaired man from Farukhabad. When contacted by the channel earlier, Mistri had disputed the trust's claim that he got a hearing aid from them. On Sunday, Mistri said he had lied to the channel because he wanted a replacement for his defective device, leading to cheers from the minister, his wife and supporters.The suave minister, who has been using colourful expressions against those alleging the scam, lost his cool several times during the marathon interaction stretching to more than 100 minutes, while his supporters booed the channel's reporters. He made no bones of his disgust with the channel, saying he had no intention of inviting its reporters for his press conference but eventually bowed to the majority opinion of the media since he was a \"democrat\".Khurshid rejected the demand for his resignation, and said he would agree to face an independent inquiry only if the managing editor of the channel was also covered. His wife, who is the project director of the trust, aggressively rebutted the charges, frequently getting up to make her point forcefully.It was a masterly start, with Khurshid packing in sarcasm and aggression as he recalled how he had been working for the disabled even before he entered public life.However, it soon turned into a high-voltage skirmish between him and the reporters of the channel who pressed him to answer other features of the scam. The reporters defied the \"ground rule\" set by the minister as they insisted on asking questions beyond the \"core issue\" of whether the trust actually organized camps for the differently abled population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "16814975", "title": "Class XI boy dies of suspected poisoning; kin allege foul play", "text": "AMBALA: Mystery shrouds the death of a class XI boy, who died of suspected poisoning near his house in Barhi Bassi village of Shahzadpur sub-division on Saturday evening. The body of the victim, identified as Bunty, was found lying in face-downward position near his house.Citing preliminary investigations, police confirmed the suspicion of death due to intake of poison.Bunty's family members have, however, alleged foul play in his death at the behest of a woman living in the same village. The woman is learned to have developed intimacy with the victim and then eliminated him, alleged the family. Meanwhile, police have handed over the body to family after postmortem examinations.Shindero Devi, mother of the deceased, said in her complaint, \"A woman of our village developed illicit relations with my adolescent son. I tried my best to persuade the woman not to spoil the life of an innocent, but she did not mend her ways. The woman, along with her accomplice, has killed my son as she was afraid of getting exposed.''Inspector Suresh Kumar, station house officer of Shehzadpur police station, said they have started investigations after completing inquest proceedings. \"We are sending his viscera reports to FSL, Madhuban to identify the kind of poison. We have started investigations after receiving a formal complaint from the victim's mother. We are verifying the facts and appropriate action will follow,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16816600", "title": "His love for yoga keeps many fit for free", "text": "Yoga, of late, has turned out to be a lucrative profession for many, given the growing craze among the masses for learning the nuances of this ancient practice. But this 54-year-old yoga guru, who has been conducting yoga and meditation classes for the past 30 years in the undivided Dakshina Kannada district, is worth emulating. He is different from the rest of their ilk and what stands testimony to this is his selfless passion for yoga and he offers service free of cost.Gopalakrishna Delampady, a retired senior health inspector of the Mangalore City Corporation, with the motto of helping people improve their health, has taught yoga for more than one lakh people of all ages. With an intention to create awareness among students, he has organized several yoga camps in school and colleges.For Gopalakrishna, a BA graduate who has conducted around 850 camps in the region, help comes from his wife Veena Delampady. For the past five years, Veena has been teaching yoga to women at their residence. The couple lives with their sons - Kishan Delampady, a postgraduate in medicine and Kiran Delampady, an engineering student.Gopalkrishna conducts free yoga coaching in 10 different places of Mangalore. Gopalkrishna has helped many people suffering from body pains, especially back pain through yoga. His free yoga service is not restricted to this region alone and he has also conducted several camps in Kasargod, Tamil Nadu and other places as well.\"I do not charge any fee to teach yoga for I am a firm believer of the \"Guru Shishya Parampara,\" Gopalakrishna told TOI.\"Since I cannot help the needy people with money or doing any charity, I started conducting free yoga classes in 1982. My aim is to create a healthy society with people having sound body and mind. In today's world, there is a need for every individual to practice yoga as lifestyle has changed dramatically. There are plans to organize yoga classes in a huge hall or stadium to create awareness about its importance in maintaining good health. I can do this only if someone comes forward as a sponsor,\" he said.Gopalakrishna has also worked as a referee in state and national-level yoga competitions and has won many awards for his yoga performances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16816912", "title": "Karnataka permits gold mining near Dharwad", "text": "DHARWAD: The Karnataka government has granted a prospecting licence for gold over an area of 4km at the Mangalagatti block located near Dharwad to Deccan Exploration Services Private Limited (DESPL), a subsidiary of the Deccan Gold Mines Limited(DGML).The DGML has stated that the Karnataka government issued the grant orders on October 11. The company said the PL deed would be signed after completing the procedural formalities. Mangalagatti is just 15km away from Dharwad towards Belgaum and it forms part of Dharwad-Shimoga Basin of Archaen Western Dharwad Craton in Karnataka. The PL Block located 12km north of Dharwar City and is part of the 'Dharwar Cluster' of gold bearing sulphidic chert bands discovered by DESPL. The PL Block comprises of Mangalagatti SE, Mangalagatti Main and East Prospects. All these are considered as highly potential like the Ganajur-Karajgi cluster near Haveri.According to DGML, initial exploration during the RP tenure in the Mangalagatti SE prospect by RC drilling and channel sampling had revealed significant gold mineralization. \"Gold mineralization is hosted by southeasterly plunging folded banded iron formation. An inferred resource of 1.5 million tonnes@ 1.63 g/t Au was estimated based upon results of shallow RC drilling programme\" DGML said.\"DESPL has completed 19.7 line kms of Induced Polarization (IP) Geophysical survey in the PL block to investigate the existence of possible mineralised zones in addition to those already explored. The IP survey has revealed significantly wide IP anomaly over a length of 2.0 kms suggesting that the mineralization could be controlled by a folded structure. The anomaly is open along strike and depth indicating a large mineralized system. With these positive results from the preliminary exploration DGML will launch a resource drilling programme in the PL Block once the PL is executed,\" the DGML stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16814417", "title": "Shankar Rao still eludes the police", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cantonment MLA P Shankar Rao is still 'out of reach' for the Cyberabad police who want to question him in the Green Field land encroachment case.The Neredmet police, who are investigating the case, said the former minister had left his Musheerabad house on Saturday before they could question him. \"We are not able to reach the MLA on his cellphone,\" a Neredmet police officer said.Talking to the media, family members of the Cantonment MLA said that he had gone to Shanisignapur near Shirdi to offer prayers. However, police did not want to comment on the issue. \"He is an MLA and a former minister. There is no need to track him and we are confident that he will arrive in the city and make himself available for questioning,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16816897", "title": "Lax security on campuses a matter of concern", "text": "BANGALORE: Crimes on campuses are turning into a headache for colleges and a law-and-order problem for police. That some of these institutions are located on campuses spread over hundreds of acres on the outskirts of the city is not helping anyone, certainly not students most of whom come from different parts of the country.Saturday's gang rape of a student of NLSIU raised questions about the safety and security measures taken by colleges. Students admit that precaution by individuals can come handy in such cases. An NLSIU student said stepping out in the dark towards Jnanabharathi campus is nothing but inviting trouble. \"We use the Bangalore University campus to ride in and ride out. We avoid using the area even during daytime,\" said a II year undergraduate student of NLSIU.Another landmark Bangalore institution spread over a huge chunk of land on the outskirts of the city is the University of Agricultural Sciences (UAS). According to UAS authorities, although enough precaution is taken from their side, a lot depends on students who at times take risks.\"We have enough security in place. All gates are guarded well and students are advised on the safety measures once they join the college. Our students are advised not to step out after 7pm. Ours is a huge campus, and thus, a lot can be done by students to safeguard themselves,\" said K Narayan Gowda , vice-chancellor , UAS.Sunil Jacob, campus administrator , Symbiosis Institute of Business Management (SIBM), said: \"Ours is a well-guarded campus with CCTV cameras. But when it comes to venturing out in the dark, students should avoid doing so. Moreover, we also advise them on moving out only in groups.\"The campus, spread over 3.5 acres, is at Electronics City.Alarm BellsIn fact, a murder incident in a city college hostel in the presence of hundreds of students that made national headlines appears to have not alerted institute managements and police about the need for heightened security awareness on campuses.In April, a Manipuri student studying in Acharya NRV Institute of Management was found dead in his hostel room. The boy, Richard Loitam, 19, was involved in an accident and later beaten up in a brawl in the hostel. The Loitam incident reflects the brashness prevailing on the campuses and the need for colleges to take precautions.Is she a victim of relaxed norms?Was the NLSIU girl who was gang-raped on Saturday on the adjacent Jnanabharathi campus, a victim of relaxed norms on the campus? An NLSIU student speaking on condition of anonymity said newcomers are always told to adhere to strict dos and don'ts on the campus.\"Our campus is adjacent to Jnanabharathi and thus instructions on safety become very important. One of the ways to ensure the safety of newcomers is the system of 'curfew time' practised for first year students. For all newcomers, the curfew time starts at 8pm and they are not allowed to step out after that. This is applied for the whole year, but is relaxed once the student gets into the second year. It is a way to ensure that students from different places get used to the campus and the city and also get to know the dos and the don'ts ,\" said the IV year undergraduate student of NLSIU.Incidentally, the gang-rape victim was a II year student to whom the curfew curbs did not apply. NLSIU authorities declined to discuss anything about the issue.Most favoured destination of aspiring lawyersOf all the National Law Schools in the country, it's the National Law School of India University (NLSIU), Bangalore, that students chase to pursue their dream law courseEstablished in 1987, the NLSIU, Bangalore, continues to be the No. 1 university for its academic excellence. The Chief Justice of India is the chancellor of the law school which admits students through the Common Law Admission Test (CLAT)Located off Mysore Road in Nagarabhavi on a 23-acre land, the NLSIU has Bangalore University, Institute for Social and Economic Change and National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) in its vicinity. The law school has for years now seen its students grab prestigious scholarships including the RhodesThe varsity reserves five of the 80 seats in the undergraduate course for foreign students. There are equal number of boys and girls on the campus. The girls (including in 2012) walk away with the highest number of gold medals regularly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16817490", "title": "Hybrid course to begin in 2013", "text": "Delhi University (DU) and Jamia Millia Islamia (JMI) will be offering a joint degree programme from January next year. Vatsala Shrangi reportsAjoint degree programme initiated by Delhi University and Jamia Millia Islamia (JMI) under the Meta university concept is going to start next year. The programme \u2014 MA in mathematics and mass communication \u2014 approved by the academic councils of both the universities is ready to be launched. The course is set to commence from January 3, 2013, with the jointly designed entrance test to be held on December 2 of the current academic session.SM Sajid, registrar, Jamia Millia Islamia says, \"We have been discussing the modalities of the course with DU authorities. The entrance test is scheduled for December 2, and the course is to commence from January.\"According to DU officials, the details of the course including the timetables, etc, are being worked out, so that a formal announcement could be made for inviting applications for the entrance test. The classes will be jointly held on both campuses. While JMI will be taking care of the mass communication course, DU will be conducting classes for mathematics. The course is equivalent to MSc in mathematics education.\"Committees from both the universities are meeting to finalise the details of the course. A series of dates including submission of applications, etc, have to be fixed for the programme to begin. The formal schedule will be announced very soon,\" says Malashri Lal, dean, academic activities and projects, DU.She further says that it is an interesting course, with 20 seats to begin with. However, students who have already enrolled in a Master's programme either at DU or Jamia are also eligible to apply. Also, students who have a background in mathematics or who have cleared two math papers of 100 marks or those who have had one subject as math in their graduation would be eligible for the course. The fee for the course will be approximately Rs 5,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16816861", "title": "PEC student succumbs to accident injuries; driver held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two days after she met with an accident on the campus of PEC University of Technology, Charu Mehta, 21, a third-semester student, succumbed in PGI on Sunday.Charu was hit by an Alto that Piyush Bhadhari, a first-year student, was driving on October 12. Police on Sunday arrested Piyush under the charge of death due to negligent driving.Ajay Mehta, her father, said, \"The police did not take any action against the accused when my daughter was admitted to PGI. He was arrested only after we approached the cops again after her demise. Even the university authorities had not cared to inform us about the accident... we came to know about it from her friends.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16815262", "title": "Mickky not happy with probe into Mota arson", "text": "MARGAO: Two days after the Maina Curtorim police on Thursday arrested 15 persons on charges of arson and rioting after a group of 40-50 persons allegedly broke into the house of Dinesh Mota at Carvota in Loutolim and caused damage to his property late Wednesday night, Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco expressed his dissatisfaction with the police investigations and demanded the arrest and interrogation of Mota.Addressing reporters on Saturday, Pacheco said that he had taken up the matter with chief minister Manohar Parrikar demanding an impartial and proper probe into the matter and went on to allege that the police were trying to make it seem that he incited the 15 persons who were arrested.It maybe recalled on Wednesday, locals vented their ire on Mota's house as they were upset over Mota for having rented out his premises to Santosh Pujari, the accused who has already been arrested by the police on charges of murdering Luis Baptista from the village.\" If you recall, in the morning after the murder I had visited the site and I even rushed at night to diffuse \"the situation late Monday evening when the police took the accused to the murder site and the agitated villagers had gheraoed the police \" said Pacheco while stating that people were agitated as Mota is still roaming scot free. \"The police are saying that the murder took place due to petty quarrel but how can someone brutally assault someone over such a small quarrel. And Mota knew that the accused had beaten up the deceased the same night and did not inform the police and the next morning, he was aware that the dead body was lying on the ground but did not inform the police \" alleged Pacheco.\"Let the police investigate into the matter. All allegations made against me are baseless. I have been at the Maina Curtorim police station right from the beginning till date to cooperate with the police and I will be available as and when the police want me for investigation\" Mota said in a statement issued on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kumbakonam", "code": "16815967", "title": "Srirangam temple among five Tamil Nadu sites in Unesco tentative list", "text": "KUMBAKONAM: Union minister for culture, Kumari Selja on Sunday visited famous temples around Kumbakonam and said that the culture ministry has included five sites in Tamil Nadu, including the famous Lord Sri Ranganathar temple in Srirangam, in the tentative list for the Unesco world heritage status.She was on a heritage tour to Thanjavur on Saturday and on Sunday she visited some famous temples including the Lord Iravatheeswarar temple in Kumbakonam. Later, addressing media persons in Swamymalai, Selja said that Fort St George in Chennai, Kazhugumalai in Tirunelveli district, Chettinad in Sivaganga district and Pulicat Lake in Tiruvallur district are the other four sites included in the list for world heritage status. Moreover, if the state government and the local administration send the proposal, the Centre would consider them for inclusion of the sites in the world heritage status list, she added. The minister said that the culture ministry would consider an appeal by the district collector to maintain the Saraswathi Mahal library on a par with international standards. She also visited the nearby Thirubuvanam, known for its silk saris and wanted the traditional industry to be kept up. Similarly, she noted achievements of the bronze idol industry here and said orders were being received from world over.Commenting about plans of announcing Kumbakonam Mahamaham as a national festival, she said that the ministry had no such proposal at the moment. She said that the people should also extend their cooperation to the government to maintain the purity of the Mahamaham tank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "16817511", "title": "Gunshots heard in Kaziranga", "text": "JORHAT: Kaziranga authorities were put on high alert after gunshots were heard at Bagori forest range of the national park on Sunday evening.However, according to unofficial reports, one rhino was feared killed by poachers and its horn chopped off at Bagori, in the western part of the park. But the forest department is yet to confirm this.i\"So far we are not sure of any rhino death. Only gunshots were heard. The entire area has been cordoned off and a massive search operation is on to ascertain if poachers indeed sneaked into the park,\" said principal chief conservator of forest (wildlife) Suresh Chand.On Saturday, a rhino was killed at Agoratoli range on the eastern part of the park. So far, 12 rhinos have been poached in 10 months this year. The park also lost 28 rhinos in the flood this year.According to unofficial reports, Sunday's poaching took place near an anti-poaching camp at Difolu area of the Bagori range. The continued killing spree by the poachers has left the forest department is a tizzy. \"We are really worried about the killings. We are doing our best with the help of police and the Wildlife Crime Control Bureau to curb the poaching menace,\" a senior park official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "16816922", "title": "Robot-building course elates engineering students", "text": "DAVANAGERE: The department of mechanical engineering, industrial engineering and industrial production engineering held a three-day workshop on manual robot construction and a robo-race here recently.The programme was held at the Bapuji Institute of Engineering and Technology (BIET), in association with the Indian Society for Technical Education ( ISTE) students' chapter of BIET, Davanagere. About 126 students from BIET, JIT, GMIT along with VKIT, Bangalore took part in the event.The Robotics Certification Standards Alliance (RCSA), an international robotics certification authority, has directed various industries and engineering colleges to organize such training workshops to help engineering students improve their knowledge on robotics.The organizers distributed kits containing gear motors, wires, switches to the participants to build the robots. Faculty members A G Shankaramurthy and S Kumarappa demonstrated and trained the students who were divided into 42 teams. A robo-race competition was also held on a knock-out round basis on hard terrain in the college campus.The first prize was bagged by the JIT, Davanagere. Two BIET teams bagged second and third prizes.Merit certificates with cash prizes were also given to the winning teams by college director Prof Y Vrushabhendrappa and principal Prof V Ramaswamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16817528", "title": "Who all will bell the CAT in Indore?", "text": "INDORE: The Common Admission Test (CAT) aspirants came up with mixed responses after they appeared for the test. While many students felt that section I, that include quantitative ability (QA) and data interpretation (DI), gave them a tough time, section II, verbal ability and logical reasoning, proved to be a smooth sail for some as compared to last year's paper.Hemant Swaroop, who appeared for CAT at the only centre in the city, said \"Seventy minutes given for section I was not enough. The difficulty level was high this year. Although I am satisfied with my performance, I could have solved two to three more questions from the section if it was of moderate difficulty level. The questions were tough with complicated calculation,\" Swaroop said.Swati Sharma, another aspirant who appeared for CAT on Friday, said, \"Section I was tough and the difficulty level increased this year. However, section II was easy and it compensated well for the difficulty level of Section I.\"The number of aspirants appearing for the test is expected to rise. As per the registration at the only exam centre in the city, nearly 400-500 students have appeared for the test so far. Nearly 2,200 aspirants are yet to appear for the test.Akash Sethia, a coaching expert, said, \"Students resist appearing for test in initial days, but the number is expected to go up.\" Speaking on the examination pattern this year, he said the QA section is challenging as compared to last year, while other two sections are manageable. However, what surprised him this year is lesser number of standard questions asked in each slot. He said, \"The number of standard questions asked in the examination remained less this year. Unlike last year, aspirants have experienced different sets of question in different slots.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16814419", "title": "\u2018Need to check intolerance\u2019", "text": "Emphasizing on the importance of integration, religious leaders on Sunday said intolerance and communal violence are a result of socio-political forces. At an event titled \"Importance of peace and unity for solidarity of the nation,\" Lakshmi Shankracharya from Kanpur and Maulana Khalid Saifullah Rahmani, Islamic scholar and member of Fiqa board of Saudi Arabia , spoke about religious misunderstanding and the need for people to understand each other's faiths. Quoting scriptures, scholars say that the underlying message of all regions is that of peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16818352", "title": "Varsha's tragedy smothered Asha Bhosle\u2019s spirit", "text": "For the first time since her daughter's death, Asha Bhosle opens up to TOI about the tragedyJust a week since singer Asha Bhosle's 56-year-old daughter Varsha Bhosle ended her life, and a pall of gloom shrouds Prabhu Kunj, the Mangeshkars' residence at Peddar road.Sources close to the family say the tragedy has smothered Asha's spirit. She continues to be in a state of disbelief. Both sisters Asha and Lata Mangeshkar are in deep shock and have stopped all public appearances.Despite the magnitude of her loss, Ashaji did speak to TOI when contacted: \"I was in Singapore when it happened. They wanted to keep me in the dark about it. But my son Anand thought it was better if I knew. When I was told, I just fell to the ground. I wanted to return by the first available flight. Didi (Lata) has taken this very badly. She just can't stop crying. I wish she hadn't been told about it. Didi is mostly in her room, so she needn't have known. But when it happened, the place was swarming with activity. So it couldn't have been avoided.\"An insider revealed: \"Ashatai is no longer the same. Varsha has taken away her spirit. The good thing is that the two sisters Lataji and Ashaji have bonded in grief. This tragedy has brought them closer than ever before.\"This goes far beyond bereavement for the loss of a daughter of the family. Said the insider: \"For the first time in the history of the Mangeshkar family, an ignominy of this magnitude has affected their collective lives brutally. The illustrious family has never known the slightest slur. It is an extremely distressing situation for the entire clan and one that they are not able to come to terms with.\"Lata was to attend the Big B's birthday party and had even handpicked a gift for him. \"Mrs Bachchan had personally invited her. Then... this happened. Lataji's public appearances had become progressively rare in recent times. Now she will think a hundred times before stepping out,\" said the insider.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16815681", "title": "Liquor worth Rs 90 lakh seized from Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: In a major breakthrough against the inter-state smuggling of liquor, the excise police of Jaipur has seized Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) worth nearly Rs 90 lakh and have arrested two persons in this connection. Nearly 1,090 cartons of various IMFL including beer, whiskey and rum were seized from a truck by the team. The haul was taken from Rewari (Haryana) and was to be delivered in Gujarat.According to the sleuths of the excise police they were already running a massive campaign against inter-state smuggling of IMFL as it rises during the festive season.\"We had received specific information that a truck number GJ-12 AT- 4869 carrying IMFL hidden in the sacks on mentioning 'organic fertilizer' was going to Gujarat via Jaipur. Thus, the said truck was raided at the Jaisinghpura on the Jaipur-Ajmer highway,\" said Brijesh Jatawat, circle inspector, excise (south) on Sunday.\"When the truck was checked properly we found nearly 1,090 cartons having various brands of liquor including beer, whiskey, rum and scotch,\" Jatawat added.According to the police, this haul was to be delivered in Bhuj (Gujarat) where there is a ban on liquor. \"Since the demand of liquor increases during festive season, we are into intensified patrolling on the state highways which connects Jaipur to other states,\" said a senior officer.Sleuths added that this was probably one of the biggest seizures by the excise department in Jaipur in the recent past.Initially, Heera Ram and Girdhari Lal the driver and cleaner, respectively of the truck attempted to give a slip to police.\"They stated that they were ferrying organic fertilizer to Gujarat from Haryana and were shown reluctance when we show the sacks. Both were arrested and interrogation was on to find their links in Gujarat and Haryana,\" said a senior officer of excise police.Police in Nagaur district of the state had also seized IMFL worth nearly Rs 40 lakh on Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16815822", "title": "Pump owners seek cop cover", "text": "MUMBAI: Monday onwards, if you go to the pump early in the morning or after 5pm, there are chances you will be turned away.Ravi Shinde of the Petrol Dealers' Association said, \"We will be running a single shift operation (9am to 5pm) from Monday. We have been left with no option, having exhausted all avenues of communication with our oil companies to highlight the erosion of petrol dealers' margin with every increase in price of petrol and diesel.\" He claimed the curtailed hours would help dealers cut costs.\"Petrol pumps in Mumbai will operate with full efficiency during working hours. Motorists are advised to plan their purchase to avoid any inconvenience,\" said Shinde. He added that emergency vehicles like ambulances would not be affected as they would be given petrol round-the-clock as an exception.Sources said that there could be long queues and arguments at most petrol pumps. Owners will also find it difficult to shut down the pumps exactly at 5pm. \"This is uncalled for. If I have to travel a long distance in an emergency and want to fill up the fuel tank of my car in the evening, I will not get petrol. It will be a severe crisis for motorists,\" said Ajay Arora, a car owner.The city has nearly than eight lakh cars and SUVs, one lakh autos and 45,000 taxis. The association has also written to joint police commissioner (law and order) Sadanand Date to provide police protection to the pumps. Shinde stated, \"Petrol pumps have now decided to reduce working time to eight hours to cut costs on manpower and electricity. But we anticipate law and order problems during closing hours and request you to instruct local police stations to provide assistance to petrol pumps in their area, particularly at the time of closing.\"Shinde said he has asked all petrol pump owners to write individual letters to the local police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16817423", "title": "Waste clearance, drainage systems in city get a boost", "text": "CHENNAI: Garbage clearance and the drainage system in the city received a shot in the arm as chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Sunday sanctioned projects worth 898.78 crore, focusing on improving the basic infrastructure facilities in the newly included parts of the corporation.Several new zones in North and South Chennai, such as Manali and Sholinganallur , where residents had complained of irregular garbage collection, will benefit, as the government has allotted 60.78 crore to solid waste management.\"The shortage of vehicles for transporting garbage forces the civic body to hire compactors and even tipper lorries,\" said a corporation official . The government has now allotted 42.08 crore for buying \"small and big compactors, hollow tippers, hydraulic tipper vehicles and 180 machines of the latest variety,\" according to a press release.The number of transfer stations is also set to increase from seven to 13, with the government allotting 18.70 crore to set up six new stations. This is expected to ease the burden on stations that have already reached their full capacity. \"This will be a real blessing for the civic body because stations like the one in Ambattur have reached their capacity and cannot be used anymore,\" said a ward councilor.Phase 2 of the mega city development mission was allotted 366.23 crore to relay 1,189 roads of 280 km in the extended areas of the civic body. The roads during this phase will also be developed in an integrated manner, with other facilities like stormwater drains, ducting for utility cables, street lights and pavements.Residents in areas like Nolambur , Vettuvankani, Ramapuram and even Injambakkam will be relieved since the Chennai Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board was allotted 452.77 crore for providing drinking water and underground drainage facilities to the newly added areas of the corporation.\"We are forced to let out our sewage into vacant plots because we don't have a drainage pipeline. Every time we complain, the corporation states shortage of funds. Now they will not be able to say it anymore,\" said Sadiq Basha, a resident of Vettuvankani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16816462", "title": "Investors\u2019 responsibility", "text": "It is time to present the contra view to the previous week's column on what investors expect from their advisers. These are tough times for investment advisers as they have battled several changes to their business models in the past few years. The biggest qualitative change in the profession has been the shift in loyalty from producers to investors. From the relatively few investor-focused advisers in the past, we now have a broad industry-level orientation towards investors and their needs. Let's leave out the opportunists and focus on the well-intentioned advisers eager to build their businesses with investors on a win-win basis. What are the challenges they face? What do good quality advisers expect from investors?First, investors' expectations are often unrealistic. Some of them believe that a good investment product should feature high return and low risk. Such a combination does not exist. No choices in life, including investments, are riskfree. Some expect pre-specified outcomes from their investments. No one knows the future. Even the simplest product comes with its specific risk-return tradeoff. Advisers win over investors only after a long period of engagement, when they are able to demonstrate how risk and return pan out in reality. Several investors lose patience along the way or remain adamant about their surreal expectations. Many refuse to see equity investing as a reward for participating in an enterprise. It is either gambling for those who shun it, or windfall for those who participate. The unwillingness to accept the reality of an investment product encourages several eager advisers to lie about returns, exaggerate the benefits , underplay or hide the risks, and speak the language the investor likes to hear. In their own interest, investors should learn to get real about investing.Second, investors refuse to remain patient and disciplined. Many tend to take a lottery ticket-like approach to their investments. If I get it right, I should make a windfall; if I don't, I should quit. This attitude has been fostered even in experienced investors, largely due to the IPO era of the past. It continues in the SIP era in the form of discontinued accounts in a bear market . In this era of instant gratification, the patience to build over years in anticipation of fruits in the future is rare to find. The advisers who encourage their investors to take a 10-15-year view of their financial lives have a steep hill to climb. Those who take the easier route tell their investors that 2-3 years is 'long term'.Third, investors do not see the merits of a professional, process-driven approach . To an investor, a professional is an expert and his expertise should be evident in his performance. Hence, a fund manager must always outperform the market, and an adviser must be able to foresee market turnarounds. There is a huge focus on outcomes, not the process. Investors choose only winning funds; they pick brokers who gave them the 'right call' ; they go for advisers who 'got them out' at the right time. Professional advisory requires a serious investment in expert manpower, technology and executive processes. They are profitable only if such advisers can scale up the volume of assets they advise. Replicable , simple, disciplined investment strategies are effective and low-cost for both advisers and investors. However, investors remain enamoured by flashes in the pan. This makes it tough for a professional adviser, who has built a technology platform and invested in an expert planning and selection process, to compete with a transaction-based model of sporadic advice delivered by an army of low-quality salesmen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16817552", "title": "\u2018Be aware of process related to IP rights\u2019", "text": "INDORE: School of biochemistry, Devi Ahilya University, Indore, held a day-long seminar on 'Intellectual property rights' ( IP rights) here on Saturday. The seminar was sponsored by MP council of science and technology, Bhopal. Vice-chancellor of the university D P Singh inaugurated the seminar. Singh emphasized that creativity and quality should be of high standard along with competitiveness.Coordinator of MP council of science and technology cell from the university Deepak Bhatnagar said it is important to be aware of process related to intellectual property rights.Principal scientist G K Gupta from directorate of soybean research, Indore, discussed various issues related to protection of plant varieties. He emphasized that technical innovation in research, design, development, production and marketing. Ghayur Alam, ministry of HRD chair professor of IP law at National Law Institute University, Bhopal , stressed protection of intellectual property by IP laws. He discussed various issues related to legal processes involved in patents, copyrights, trademarks and industrial design. N K Choubey, in charge of patent information cell at MPCST, Bhopal, gave an overview on intellectual property and linked IP to innovative ideas and creativity. Rounak Dubay, executive, intellectual facilitation centre, CII, Indore, discussed the success story of Indian patents. She spoke on how issues of basmati, neem and turmeric were successfully defended in courts under the provisions of IP law.The seminar was attended by almost 250 students and faculty members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16815732", "title": "Man who fell off packed Central Railway local dies", "text": "MUMBAI: One of the victims, who had fallen off an overcrowded Central Railway local, along with three other commuters last week, succumbed to his injuries on Sunday evening. Uday Sharma (31) was showing some signs of improvement but doctors said his condition suddenly deteriorated.Sharma, a Kalyan resident, worked as a security guard. He was the first to fall off the Kalyan-CST local between Sion and Matunga stations on October 11. Doctors at Sion Hospital said he had sustained a degloving injury, a type of avulsion in which an extensive section of skin is completely torn off the underlying tissue, severing its blood supply. He also suffered injuries to his pelvic and groin area, besides intestinal injuries. He had undergone a surgery at the hospital.\"Sharma was initially put on the ventilator. But as his condition improved, he was withdrawn from the ventilator and stabilized. Suddenly, his condition deteriorated and he died around 6.30pm,\" said acting dean of Sion Hospital, Dr Suleiman Merchant.Besides Sharma, two other commuters\u2014Satish Merawala (16) and Kedar Yadav (28)\u2014have succumbed to their injuries. The only victim who has managed to survive is Zia Rasool Ansari (26). Doctors said he seems to be stabilizing and is doing better.The GRP had pinned their hopes on Sharma's recovery to quiz him on the exact sequence of events leading to the fall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16814952", "title": "A bumpy ride on this service road along e-way", "text": "GURGAON: The service road along the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway between Rajiv Chowk and Hero Honda Chowk is in a shambles, to say the least. And this has been the scenario for the past so many months. While until now the agencies responsible for the road's upkeep blamed the monsoon for its bad condition, they are now passing the buck, claiming it's not their responsibility to repair the road heavily used by commuters.The common man, however, is at the receiving end of the blame game. While the private concessionaire of the expressway, Delhi Gurgaon Super Connectivity Limited (DGSCL), claims that it's not its responsibility to fix the service road, it blames the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) for its deteriorating condition.\"Even though this service road belongs to us, its maintenance is not done by us but by HUDA as this department has failed to find a permanent solution to the waterlogging that takes place every monsoon season. They have taken over this stretch of the service road and it is their responsibility to carry out its repair,\" said a DGSCL spokesperson.The HUDA administrator, on the other hand, simply rubbished this claim. \"They are shying away from their responsibility and are purposefully not presenting the whole truth. The fact is that the service road is also to be maintained by them along with the expressway. They cannot simply shift the blame on us. We are only trying to help them out by building a drainage for the rainwater, for which we have recently approved an estimate of Rs 70 lakh,\" said HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar.\"I recently met the DGSCL head and showed him the condition of the service road. He promised to spend around Rs 6 lakh to get this important road repaired. I will ask them to carry out the repair immediately,\" he added.This service road is the only arterial road that connects various residential sectors including Sector 10 and 10-A, apart from various industries located near Hero Honda Chowk. The shopkeepers alongside the service road complain that their business has plummeted as people have started to stop coming here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "16814753", "title": "Youth beaten to death in Faridabad", "text": "FARIDABAD: In a bid to settle scores with a rival, a group of five to six men allegedly murdered one of his employees.The victim, Neeraj, 24, was a resident of Bharat Colony and worked with a chemical factory owned by one Vishpal. On Saturday night after Neeraj returned from work, Satveer, the younger son of his employer, took him along for some work. Satveer's brother Patel joined the two, who were travelling in a Scorpio, police said. When they were near the Kisan Majdoor colony along the bypass, they were stopped by the accused. The men bore down on the three and asked if the car belonged to Patel. They then demanded that the car be handed over to them, added cops.When the car occupants resisted, the accused attacked them with sharp weapons. They roughed up the trio and fled from the spot. On hearing about the incident, the victims' families took them to hospital, where Neeraj was declared brought dead.Sources said the attack was the fallout of Patel's enmity with some people. SHO Vijay Kumar said a case had been registered against Sandeep alias Tinda and Pramod. Three more people have been named accused.None of the accused has been arrested so far.The victim's body was handed over to his family after postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16814501", "title": "New CBSE test to help students decide on their Plus 2 stream", "text": "KOCHI: In our education system where career choices are often made by default or based on stereotypes, a new initiative may make the process less dependent on chance and more on individual volition. The CBSE schools in the state are now offering a solution to those students who might be confused about which subject to opt for in standard XI.They are asking students to appear for the board's attitude assessment test. Based on the test results, as well as grades in standard X exams, students are advised about the subjects they can opt for in standard XI. \"We encourage all standard X students to take the test as it helps students understand their aptitude and interest. Based on the results, we give students the subject option in standard XI. However, if a parent and student feel that they should be admitted to a particular stream and they have the grades, then we don't object,\" said Al Ameen Public School principal Saroja Sahadevan.CBSE claims that their aptitude testing is student-friendly, universally accepted and a reliable predictor of future scholastic achievements. The board has sent a circular to all CBSE schools asking students to register for student's global aptitude index (SGAI) - 2013. \"The secondary stage becomes the most defining phase in the school spectrum as it influences higher studies and career choices later in life. More often than not, it is seen that the choice of subjects is determined by the marks as also by the parental, peer pressure or the role models. In an ideal situation a child should be allowed to choose subjects based on his aptitude and interest,\" the circular states.SGAI is a psychological tool of assessment which aims to empower adolescents with \"self-knowledge\" in terms of their aptitude, interest and personality. Moreover, as the circular makes clear, the CBSE SGAI unlike conventional aptitude tests, which indicate professional orientations, \"attempts to indicate subject orientations at Plus 2 level\". Not least, the new test is customised to suit the Indian context.\"The test gives an idea to the parents, school and students about the course that they can opt for. Some students are very clear about their subject choices in standard XI. But those students who are confused about which subject to opt for, we ask them to appear for the test,\" said confederation of Kerala Sahodaya complexes president K Unnikrishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16815735", "title": "It\u2019s a season of yatras and \u2018lies\u2019", "text": "PATNA: The temperature might be going down in the season of yatras in Bihar, but the political weather in the state is getting hotter day by day as if election is round the corner. Both the main players of state politics are calling each other 'a liar'. What a lie, one would say!With parliamentary polls still far away, the 'Adhikar Yatra' by CM Nitish Kumar and the 'Parivartan Yatra' by RJD chief Lalu Prasad are being considered as setting the ring for the next round of bout. Two other senior leaders - deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi and former Union minister of state and RJD MP Prem Chand Gupta - also joined the team of calling 'liars', though in a different context.Fed up with the broadside by his bete noire Lalu Prasad, Nitish, at one of his Adhikar Yatra meetings, bitterly said, \"The way people pledge to say only truth while putting their hands on Gita, Lalu has taken a vow to speak lies and lies only.\"Calling Nitish a 'liar', Lalu is accusing the CM of befooling the people in the name of special status to Bihar. \"I will continue my campaign to expose the fraud he is playing with the people of the state. Nitish is a 'lakad sunghwa' and trying to hypnotize people but they have come to know about his lies,\" Lalu said in his inimitable style at one of his 'yatra' meetings recently.Nitish fired another salvo at RJD supremo calling him a disciple of Joseph Goebbels, the Reich propaganda minister, and said, \"Lalu, too, believes that a lie spoken hundred times will be taken as truth.\" Lalu retaliated, \"Meri pathshala mein parhe log hum se ur rahe hain (Those who studied in my school are trying to outsmart me).\"Modi joined the war of words, saying the company of RJD's Gupta was a beneficiary of coal bloc allotment. The Rajya Sabha member from Bihar shot back, calling Modi a 'habitual liar'.The JD-U leaders lapped up Nitish's firing model to intensify their attack on Lalu. State party spokesman Niraj Kumar fired, \"Lalu ji is now a 'buzurg' (elderly person) and one expects he will speak truth. At his age, he should not speak lies, else it will adversely impact the attempts of his son to join politics.\"Kumar said, \"People know who is speaking lies. If Lalu says he will not repeat his mistakes, he will make Bihar a developed state and that the public is again getting attracted to him, he is telling only lies and living in fool's paradise.\"All this reminds people of Shakespeare's famous line in King Lear: 'Mend your speech a little, lest it may mar your fortunes'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16816204", "title": "Coin exhibition attracts investors", "text": "KANPUR: Mudra Mahotsava, a coin and currency exhibition, organized by UP Numismatic Society, attracted a large number of investors. An online auction was held on the last day of the exhibition on Sunday.Numismatics, which earlier used to be a hobby of schoolchildren, had been recreated as an alternative insurance avenue designed to endure economic crisis. People are keen interest in such exhibitions.Sanjeev Agarwal, president, UP Numismatic Society, told TOI that large number of sellers and buyers are getting attracted towards rare coins, whose worth multiplies with each passing year.Management students of many colleges are becoming bidders, who ensure best returns for the rare coins.\"Now we have numismatic advisers in the city who evaluate coins, keep track of international rates and even give advice on when and where the coins should be bought and sold,\" Agarwal added.Naveen Shah, a numismatist from Mumbai, explained how the price of a 1918 gold coin of Rs 15 denomination has gone up from Rs 1,78,000 in November 2011 to Rs 3,50,000 in April this year.\"This is a lucrative option for those who want to make quick bucks. No other investment option can fetch such returns,\" he added.Raju Bhai, a numismatic from Delhi said that rare currency notes are becoming quite a good investment.Vikram, a roadside food-stall vendor with a daily income of Rs 200 sold his currency notes in the expo. \"I was passionate about currency and notes since childhood but I had never thought that my passion will become a business some day,\" he said.Uttam Jaiswal from Jhansi, who had purchased three 1 rupee decks (that means 300 rupees) sold the notes at a cost of Rs 12,000.Laxmi Narain, a 72-year-old man from Unnao possesses 70 coins of pre-British period and notes of rupee 1, 2, 5, 10 and 20 denominations which are now out of circulation.Numismatics, which earlier used to be a hobby of schoolchildren, had been recreated as an alternative insurance avenue designed to endure economic crisis. People are keen interest in such exhibitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "rome", "code": "16814224", "title": "Mahindra clinch title in 125GP", "text": "ROME: Mahindra Racing created history by winning the constructors title in the 125GP class at the Italian National Motorcycle Racing Championship at the Vallelunga Circuit on Sunday.The team of 17 year old Miroslav Popov and the Austrian teenager Lukas Trautmann finished first and second in the 16-lap final race of the season. Popov started the race from pole position while Trautmann moved up from the third row of the grid.Popov was in the lead immediately after the start while Trautmann was third at turn one. Popov also set the fastest lap of the race. After making its CIV debut this year, Mahindra Racing became the first from India to win an international motorsport event when Moretti took the chequered flag at the season-opening race in Mugello, Italy in March. The team won six out of the eight races in the championship with three spectacular double podiums.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16815292", "title": "Woman raped by brother-in-law", "text": "KOLKATA: A 28-year-old homemaker was allegedly raped by her brother-in-law at a guest house in south Kolkata on Saturday. The victim lodged a complaint at Bowbazar police station in central Kolkata on Sunday afternoon. She hails from a village in Hooghly's Jangipara and had come to the city for her mother-in-law's treatment, said police. The accused, Biswajit Porel, has gone into hiding.On October 12, the woman had come to Kolkata along with her husband, mother-in-law, brother-in-law and maternal uncle for her mother-in-law's treatment. \"The victim's mother-in-law is suffering from a cardiac ailment and was admitted to Medical College and Hospital for installing a pacemaker,\" said an investigator.According to the victim's complaint, she had stayed with her mother-in-law at the hospital ward on Friday night, while Porel slept within the hospital premises. Her husband and maternal uncle had left for home by then.The next morning, the homemaker wanted to take a bath and wash her clothes when Porel offered to help her. They went to the SSKM area to look for a room where the victim could wash her clothes. Porel also took her to the Sambhunath Pandit Hospital complex, but failed to find a place.\"In these hospitals, some Group-D staffers rent out their quarters to the relatives of the patients. Porel was probably looking for a similar kind of accommodation,\" said an investigator.When Porel failed to find a place in the hospital, he took his sister-in-law to a guest house on Turf Road in south Kolkata. It was here that Porel overpowered the woman, gagged and raped her, the victim's complaint stated.When they left the guest house and reached Medical College, she did not disclose the matter to her mother-in-law. Later, the woman called up her husband and informed him about the turn of events. On Sunday, the victim, accompanied by her husband and other relatives, lodged a complaint at the outpost of Medical College and Hospital.\"We have registered a case of rape and looking for the accused,\" said DP Singh, DC (central).Porel who runs a small shop in Jangipara fled soon after the complaint was lodged. The case may, however, be transferred to Kalighat Police since the woman was raped in that area.The victim had come to Kolkata with her relatives for her mother-in-law's treatment. She was raped by her brother-in-law when they had gone to a guest house so she could clean her clothes, say police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16814797", "title": "Overhead tank, reservoir to improve water supply", "text": "NOIDA: In order to boost water supply to residential sectors along the bordering region of Noida and Greater Noida (West), the Noida Authority has prepared a blueprint for construction of an overhead water tank and an underground reservoir at a cost of around Rs 10 crore. Work is expected to be completed within the next two years, keeping in view the projected increase in population once various under-construction residential projects are completed.The overhead tank and the underground reservoir would both be constructed in Sector 115 of Noida, where work on a 132KV power substation is already underway. The storage capacities of the overhead tank and the reservoir would be 2,000 kilolitres and 10,000 kilolitres, respectively. Authority officials informed that water would be supplied to at least four sectors along the expressway, including Sectors 112, 113, 115 and 118.\"Besides, water would also be supplied from these storage points to Sorkha village,\" said an Authority official.The Authority would undertake work on these projects in two phases. In the first phase, civil construction work of the two projects would be carried out at an estimated cost of around Rs 5 crore. In the second phase, electrical works and other technical works related to the storage reservoirs would be carried out.\"The second phase would involve installation of tube wells, motor pumps and electricity generator sets apart from procuring electricity connections for running these installations,\" added the official.Work is expected to commence as soon as the plan is approved by the board of Noida Authority. Officials informed that work on improving water supply is simultaneously in progress in other sectors of the city as well as increasing capacity to meet higher demands in the near future.The Authority has proposed another underground reservoir in Sector 62, besides having designed a blueprint for laying down underground pipelines for supply in residential localities", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16815125", "title": "Like Coalgate, city businessmen profit on German ploughmaker", "text": "NAGPUR: The German-based Lemken GMbH &amp; Co inaugurated its first manufacturing unit outside its own country, at Butibori industrial estate in Nagpur on Saturday. The 266 million Euro company has decided to pump in Rs60 crore for its India venture and expects to create 55 jobs initially.While it's a reason to celebrate for industry-starved Vidarbha, the manner in which Lemken has decided to start business smacks of the Coalgate scam. The seventh generation firm, which will be manufacturing tractor ploughs, will be using the land that it got while acquiring M/s SinghKal Automobiles and Farm Equipment, a company promoted by local businessmen Ashish Kale and Ritesh Singhania.Legally though it gets the thumbs up, the deal has resulted in the Maharashtra Industries Development Corporation not making any money out of it. The industrial estate falls on MIDC land.Lemken, which started as a blacksmith's workshop in 1780, is setting up a unit on plot number D-15 of Butibori industrial estate, which was earlier held by SinghKal. Kale and Singhania offloaded their entire stake in SinghKal to Lemken. SinghKal's only asset was the 20,000 square meter plot. Even in Coalgate, some companies that had got coal blocks allotted to it for cheap rates made a pile by selling their stakes for a huge profit.CEO of Lemken India Agro Equipment Arvind Kumar told TOI that it paid around Rs3 crore to SinghKal.As a part of the state government's policy to encourage industrial development, plots in MIDC estates are available at rates cheaper than the market price. Several entities after acquiring them sell the land at a premium. If they sell the land without any construction, MIDC gets 30% of the profits. It's 10% if plinth has been raised. In both cases it is a profitable deal.Although the details are not readily available, the rates in 2005 when SinghKal got the plot the going rate was around Rs200 a square meter. \"Now it's gone up to Rs520,\" said a MIDC official. SinghKal would have paid around Rs40 lakh for the plot. At current MIDC rates, the cost of the land would be Rs1.04 crore.In both cases, selling the stake at Rs3 crore leaves SinghKal a profit of Rs2.60 crore and Rs1.96 crore, respectively. The deal is not illegal but it raises questions over MIDC land being used as means of profiteering.The promoters claim that the land has not been sold at all and only the shares have changed hands. \"It cannot be considered as sale of land. Since I am travelling I don't have other details like the date when we got the land from MIDC or was the agency paid any share following the transfer of shares,\" Kale told TOI.A senior MIDC officer said it has been wresting back idle plots. President of Butibori Manufacturers Association, Hemant Ambaselkar said, \"I don't have the details of the case but the association would oppose profiteering out of government land.\"District guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe told TOI that those flouting norms may be penalized. \"Profiteering in such a manner must not be encouraged,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16816896", "title": "Chilling reminder that all is not well", "text": "Gang rapes are something unusual to Bangalore unlike North Indian cities where they are frequent. This despite the city being second only to Delhi in crime against women, going by the statistics of the National Crime Records Bureau for 2011.Saturday's gang rape of an NLSIU student on the campus of Bangalore University is in fact the first such incident in the city this year. There were four gang rapes registered in the city last year.The year 2010, in fact, ended with a grisly gang rape in the city, which bore resemblance to the Saturday incident.The infamous Berlie Street gang rape incident witnessed a gang of hoodlums waylaying a couple returning from a Christmas carol singing session on December 25, 2010. The nine-member gang first robbed their victims and then tied up the boy to a tree before raping the girl in front of him.The Berlie Street rape was cracked within days and the culprits were arrested and sent to jail. A 26-year-old woman was kidnapped and raped by six men in Electronic City in February in the first of such incidents that year.The count doesn't stopLater in July, 13-year-old girl, who was allegedly raped by two men over three days in a house in Bannerghatta, was fortunately rescued by police.Again in August, a 40-yearold mother of three was allegedly gang-raped by three men while on her way home at Nayanadahalli, Chandra Layout.Women believe that though gang rapes are few and far between , they inculcate enough fear that the city is not safer for women. \"It is not that we are targeted every day but there is always a fear that it could happen any time and anywhere. When women get gang-raped on main roads and university campuses, it is not wise to live with a thought that all is well,\" said Sangeetha Ramanathan, an IT employee.But senior police officers still believe that the situation is under control. \"If you compare our situation with any of the North Indian states, we are better off. We have never reached a level where walking on the road is difficult for the women. But yes, every incident is a reminder for us that we need more policing to bring the situation under control ,\" said a senior police officer.Crime against women is increasing at an alarming rate in the city. The existing law system and police are not enough to tackle the issue. We need a special law and order system to tackle this. Then, there has to be awareness created about such acts among people, specially youngsters. We will have a special meeting with the government on this issue soon-Manjula C | Chairperson, Karnataka State Women's CommissionIncidents like these bring about a lot of knee-jerk reactions and result in a big hue and cry after media reports about them. However, there is no system for effective redressal of this nor is there any long-term planning to address it. There are no systems created - medical, social, psychological or even legal - to prevent such crimes as well as to help and support the victim- Shaibya Saldanha | Co-founder , Enfold Trust", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16814913", "title": "Rahul is an arrogant leader: Punjab minister", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Amidst prickly back-and-forth swipes that have ensued after Rahul Gandhi's comment on drug addiction among Punjab's youth, the state's public relation minister Bikram Majithia sparked a fresh row calling the AICC general secretary an \"arrogant leader of arrogant family and party\".Majithia, who is deputy CM Sukhbir Badal's brother-in-law and Youth Akali Dal president, was reacting to a jibe by Rahul made during his visit last Friday. \"Rahul Gandhi is an arrogant man who refuses to look beyond family politics restricted to Amethi and Rai Bareilly. He has turned a blind eye to the fact that his arrogant family has ruled the country for 52 years. And that the BSF has been part of their government's home ministry, which could not control smuggling of drugs,\" Majithia told TOI.Earlier, Rahul, while quoting a SAD government affidavit submitted in the high court, had said that \"7 out of 10 youth in Punjab were drug addicts\". His comments had evoked sharp criticism from both Punjab CM Parkash Badal and dy CM Sukhbir Badal,Majithia launched a frontal attack on Gandhi saying he was surviving in politics because of \"his mother running the show in New Delhi and sycophancy of Congress party members shown to him\". \"Wherever Rahul Gandhi has campaigned for any Congress candidate, the party has been trounced badly on that seat\" he said. He said that the Lok Sabha bypoll results in Uttarakhand's Tehri constituency was reflection of simmering anger of people against the anti-people policies of Gandhi's Congress party and his leadership skills.\"People's verdict has shown that Rahul Gandhi's dream of becoming prime minister of the country would never come true. Even the bypoll was a clear cut verdict against his immature and arrogant leadership. He is unfit for that,\" he said. Training his guns on Congress party's big-bag reforms, Majithia rubbished the FDI introduction amidst frequent hike in prices of %petrol, diesel and other petroleum products along with the cap imposed on LPG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16816640", "title": "Election team nabs trader with Rs 1.9 lakh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The traffic surveillance committee of the state election commission caught a businessman in Naranpura with Rs 1.9 lakh on Sunday afternoon. However, after the man showed the bank statements and purpose of carrying the cash, he was released and no case was filed. According to committee officials, a local team had got a tip-off that a man was carrying a bag full of cash in his car near Naranpura. Working on the information , a team supported by Naranpura police went near AEC Crossroads and stopped the car.\"The man, a resident of Vadaj, was found in possession of Rs 1.90 lakh cash. When questioned about it, he said that he had to make payments to some of his business associates and had withdrawn the cash from a bank. He showed the officials the bank receipt for the withdrawal and also the payment details for which the cash was taken. After verification of the documents, he was let go,\" said an official.On Saturday, one such team had caught Ghanshyam Thakore, a member of the Sanand taluka panchayat, with Rs 5 lakh. The election commission has declared that any one carrying Rs 2 lakh and above should carry valid documents declaring the source of the money and the purpose for which it is being used. If proper documents are not shown, the money can be confiscated by the IT department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16817079", "title": "Bearers of 100-yr-old legacy", "text": "LUDHIANA: With the festive season approaching, the city residents are a happy lot. Partya family of Sunet village, near BRS Nagar, particularly is quite excited. For after a day, it will continue to carry forward its over 100-year-old legacy.The men of the family will carry a huge, well-decorated dais (traditionally known as \"dola\" here) in a procession of the city's oldest Ramleela at Daresi - something they have been doing for ages. The procession is taken out for 10 days. On Tuesday, the king-size dais of Rama will be lifted and carried around the city by 12 Partya men before bringing it to the Daresi ground. All of them will wear the same dress and headgear during the occasion.Mahinder Singh, 60, the eldest member of the family, said, \"Every year, we eagerly wait for Ramleela. We feel proud to carry forward the tradition of our ancestors. It is an inseparable part of our lives. Even the young Partya members are excited about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "16815864", "title": "Mobile towers under scanner", "text": "KISHANGANJ: The urban development department and civic authorities have finally woken up to the flagrant breach of norms and public nuisance in respect of setting up of mobile towers in the urban areas across the state.Over 40 mobile towers installed by mobile companies are under the scanner in Kishanganj town alone. Spurred by an official communique from the state urban development department joint secretary Arbind Kumar Singh, the Kishanganj civic authorities have, to begin with, identified at least 40 mobile towers within the municipal precincts installed without any prior permission and also without depositing the registration fee of Rs 40,000 and renewing them every year with renewal fees of Rs 10,000, according to the civic authorities.Besides, these towers were installed in clear breach of rule 127 and 419 (1) of Bihar Municipal Act, 2007, which prohibits erection of mobile towers within the 100 metre radius of residential houses, schools and colleges as well as hospitals. Such mobile towers could be erected on commercial houses or empty land space, the authorities said.Kishanganj civic body chairman Achi Jain on Saturday said 40 mobile towers belonging to different mobile agencies had been identified so far. They have been installed without prior permission and also without paying the mandatory registration fee of Rs 40,000. No such agency has ever cared either to get their towers registered or get them ever renewed, she said.\"This directive of the urban development department will not only augment our cash-strapped coffer but also help us deal with increasing public nuisance,\" Jain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16816324", "title": "Two Nepalis held with drugs in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two people of Nepali origin were arrested from Aminabad on Saturday afternoon for possessing 2.5 kg hashish.Amar Bahadur and Neel Singh, from Jajarkot district of Nepal, were waiting for a local buyer of the drug haul at Jhandewala park in Aminabad at around 1 pm.The drug, worth over Rs 2.5 crore in international market, was meant to be sold to a person from Rajajipuram, reports said. Both the accused have reportedly been drug couriers between Nepal and India for past several years.SHO Aminabad Mahant Yadav said the accused have been sent to jail and they were trying to expose the entire chain operating out of the area. The duo has been booked under the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act (NDPS).The police had tried to nab the two in the past but did not succeed. They were arrested following a tip off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16817237", "title": "Online sale of Marathi books rises", "text": "PUNE: Readers of Marathi literature are catching up with the trend of buying books online. Websites managed by Marathi publishers and online book stores are doing a brisk business as booklovers browse the net for their favourite titles and also to check out new ones.Some Marathi book publishers said they are earning about Rs 2 lakh a year by selling about 3,000 books through the internet. But online book stores are doing better. Shobhit Sen, chief executive officer of a website selling books, said that lately they have been selling close to 2,500 to 3,000 Marathi books every month. \"We began selling regional literature initially and Marathi books were very much in demand. Later we added titles ranging from education, travel, cookery and children's books and they seem to be on demand,\" Sen said.Rituparna Kulkarni, who is associated with a publication house, said, \"For years Marathi readers were very particular about personally going through a book before buying it. However, the online shopping trend is catching up fast even among the lower middle-class and middle-class families and books are not an exception. Popular Marathi novels such as Yayati and Chhava are in demand.\"Kulkarni said that while the publishing houses have their own websites, they also book orders from other websites. \"They place an order and we provide them the books. Besides providing brief info about the book, publishers also provide a picture of the cover page, the author's background and recommendations, all in Marathi,\" Kulkarni said.Publishers say the trend has increased mostly in the last six months with readers demanding popular Marathi novels, educational and children's story books. Director of a publication Amit Tekale said, \"We started online sale last year and we get an order almost every day. So far, we have sold books worth Rs 2 lakh.\"Tekale said the trend is catching up because the reader places an order at his convenience and gets the book delivered at his dootstep without the need to go to the market.\"Moreover, Marathi readers are not insecure about making transactions online. Although, many websites do provide an option of cash-on-delivery, the insecurity has diminished. Some websites even provide minute-to-minute tracking of the delivery. So, it's comfortable as well as convenient,\" he said.Milind Paranjpe, another publisher, said, \"We provide a synopsis of books for the reader to help him make an informed decision. This is not possible if one goes to a shop where the shopkeeper has to entertain many customers at a time.\" Paranjpe said that in some cases, they also provide few interesting pages of the book.A publisher said he has sold 3,000 books online in the last 18 months. \"We studied the profile of buyers and surprisingly it's not only the young. Buyers in the 40 plus age group are also hooked to online shopping,\" said Mahesh Limaye, editor at a publishing house.\"Diwali magazines also did well last year and we expect the sales to double up this Diwali,\" he said.Devendra Kanade, a professor, said, \"It is impossible to spare time to go to shops to buy books. Internet these days is available anywhere - at office and at home. So it is easier to buy books online. Also, these days most popular books are made available online.\"Vidyadhar Mane, a voracious reader, said, \"Although I am unable to use the internet or place an order, I ask my grandson to do it for me. He updates me on the new books that have come, reads me the synopsis and then I tell him which books to buy. With ageing it is not possible for me to go to the shops.\" Mane has been buying books online for over two years now. \"It is not decided as to when I would buy, but my decision depends on how fast the website puts up new books for sale.\"Sulabha Deshmane, a teacher, said, \"Buying books online is very convenient. Besides, the book is delivered at your doortep and I have all the time to sit and choose my book. There are several educational books for students that could be bought online without spending much time. I regularly visit these websites to see what's new. And the books come at the shop price.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16815437", "title": "Cardiologists get lessons from experts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The fourth National Endovascular Workshop (NEW) concluded here at the Apollo Hospital on Sunday. Nearly 250 cardiologists from all over the country participated in the annual workshop which imparts training in removing blockages in blood supply to organs other then heart and including brain, kidneys, stomach, limbs and other organs.The course was coordinated by director of cardiology at Apollo Hospital Dr Sameer Dani and French cardiologist Dr Michele Henry. The workshop included live surgeries demonstrating complex procedures removing blockages from the brain and other blood vessels. Doctors said that the course included less theory but more practical reinforcement to train them in removing peripheral endovascular blockages.Dr Raju Bharadwaj from Shimla said that India has maximum burden of heart disease and diabetes. However, when they scan patients with heart blockages, they also find a number of patients having clots in the arteries supplying blood to the brain and limbs.\"This timely detection helps prevention of stroke. We have been able to prevent a number of strokes due to colour doppler screening of peripheral blood vessels,\" said Bharadwaj.Col Dr Anil Dhall from Delhi Heart and Lung Institute said that the workshop allowed cardiologists to get trained in removing blockages in blood vessels other than those supplying blood to heart and reduce morbidity from patients suffering due to blocked vessels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16814529", "title": "30 agriculture dept officers suspended", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a major clean-up operation initiated by the agriculture department, 30 agricultural officers of various ranks have been suspended for embezzlement of funds collected from farmers for the past two years. Agriculture commissioner K Madhusudan Rao issued the orders on Sunday suspending 24 agriculture officers, three assistant directors and three agriculture extension officers.According to sources, these officers have not remitted the money collected from farmers for supply of seeds for the past two years. The total amount unremitted to the government is around Rs 2 crore. Repeated reminders to these officers failed to yield any response. After reviewing the situation, commissioner K Madhusudan Rao issued suspension orders against them, sources in the department said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16815913", "title": "Lalu Prasad ridicules \u2018sushasan\u2019", "text": "GAYA: RJD president Lalu Prasad on Sunday visited Paraiya, the scene of recent violent clashes between CPI(ML) activists and the police following alleged delay in the lodging of gang-rape FIR and inaction against the culprits.Expressing solidarity with the people in their fight against 'police brutality and injustice', the RJD chief said instead of punishing the rape case accused, the state machinery has been let loose on protestors against injustice.Addressing an impressive public meeting at Paraiya, Lalu said women and weaker sections had become vulnerable to all kinds of atrocities including gangrape, molestation and physical assault. The RJD chief ridiculed 'sushasan' claims of CM Nitish Kumar adding Nitish appears to have lost control and police have become tyrannical and insensitive.Attributing Paraiya trouble to the inefficiency of the police to arrest the culprits on time, Lalu said operation cover-up was being engineered. Questioning the deployment pattern of the police force, Lalu said whereas vulnerable people have been left to fend for themselves, excessive force has been deployed at his public meet as if he was here to torch the police station.The RJD chief said atrocities on the people have crossed all limits and countdown has now begun for the CM.Raking up the issue of Ranvir Yadav snatching carbine from policemen, Lalu said instead of taking legal action against Yadav, the CM has hailed Ranvir as his saviour. Condemning attempts to muzzle the voice of dissent, the former CM said that even girls were being humiliated at 'Adhikar' rallies.Repeating the slate vs plate allegation, Lalu said that instead of slates, Nitish government has put plates in the hand of school-going students. Taunting the CM on the much-hyped development plank, Lalu said Nitish was spread the news that Bihar has left behind countries like USA and China behind.Innocent people were being given the Naxal tag and put behind bars, Lalu said.Claiming that corruption in the state had reached its zenith, Lalu said sub-standard transistors were being given branded stickers and handed over to Mahadalits. He, however, appealed the people not to take law into their own hands.In a frontal attack on 'Chhote Bhai' Nitish, the RJD chief said the government was surviving on gimmickry.Accusing the Nitish Kumar government of total failure on all fronts, the former CM regaled the audience with his trademark one liners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16815756", "title": "AI pilot died of heart attack, confirm cops", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after an Air India pilot was found dead in a city hotel under mysterious circumstances, the police ruled out murder or suicide angle in the case. Quoting post mortem report, police on Sunday said the pilot died of heart attack.The deceased, Ashok Jaiswal (56), based in New Delhi, had checked in at hotel Royal Orchid at 2 pm on Saturday. At 7.15 pm, a staff of the room services found Jaiswal unconscious on the bed. He was immediately rushed to Fortis hospital where he was declared brought dead at 7.40 pm. Initially, it remained a mystery for the police since post mortem could not be conducted on Saturday.\"There were no injury or strangulation marks on the body. The post mortem was conducted on Sunday by a medical board at Jaipuria hospital which clearly suggested that he died of cardiac arrest,\" said Devki Nandan, inspector, Jawahar Circle police station who is investigating the case. He added that the doctors' and the FSL reports have ruled out possibility of a suicide or murder.\"Doctors suggested that he died between 2.30 pm and 3 pm on Saturday. All incoming calls on his cell were unattended. During his stay he did not call anyone from phone,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16817348", "title": "Pimpri youth succumbs to injuries, five arrested", "text": "PUNE: A 22-year-old youth, who was severally assaulted by five youths for intervening in a petty dispute on Friday night, succumbed on Sunday morning.The deceased, Azam Mohammed Hussain Maniyar, was a resident of Nehrunagar, Pimpri.The Pimpri police have arrested Shabbu Rauf Khan (19), Sadaf Sajjad Shaikh (21), Miraj Sajjad Shaikh (19), all residents of Chikhali in Pimpri and Akshay Prabhakar Sable (18) and Nitin Dileep Bhagwat (19) from Akurdi.Senior police inspector of the Pimpri police station Mohan Vidhate said Maniyar,who ran a bakery in Pimpri, intervened in a dispute between two college students on Friday.\"Later in the night, one of the students' friends attacked Maniyar with sharp weapons near Masulkar vegetable market,\" Vidhate said.Maniyar was taken to a hospital for treatment. \"He succumbed during treatment on Sunday morning,\" Vidhate said.Vidhate said all the five suspects have been arrested under charges of murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16815932", "title": "Govt rolls back decision over engineering faculty hiring", "text": "JAIPUR: The state technical education department has rolled back its decision to prohibit engineers who have failed in any of the subjects in any semester from applying for a job in government engineering colleges.The order was dated July 22, 2012 but the concerned universities received it only two-three weeks ago.NC Govil, principal of Government Engineering College in Banswara and Ajmer said they received the letter 15-20 days ago. Even a Rajasthan Technical University official, requesting anonymity, said they received the order three weeks back. The order reaching after two months raised doubts about it being passed on a back date.The order reads: \"The order passed in a meeting headed by principal secretary, technical education, on February 10, 2012 to enhance the quality of technical education has been kept for review ...... Till it will be reviewed, an old selection criteria formulated in 2006 will be applicable.\"This order will benefit candidates recruited by the engineering college of Ajmer which hired teachers before the 'no back in semesters' rule was passed and hundreds of guest lecturers teaching in eight government colleges who became disqualified overnight due to the same order.Notably, an RTI activist, Manoj Kamra, filed an appeal before the technical education department asking it how it expect quality teaching from candidates who took more than one attempt to clear 'back' exams. He supported his appeal with an RTI report which revealed that majority of the faculty members in the seven government engineering colleges took more than one attempt to clear 'back' papers while pursuing B Tech and M Tech.Expressing shock over this order, Kamra said, \"What is the need to review 'no back' order if you have passed it?\" He questioned the intention of technical education department which backed a reformists order.Highlighting the loopholes of the existing old system allowing students with 'n' number of backs can apply for government teaching job, he said: \"Those who appear for back exams more than once have better chances of scoring high marks. It is an injustice to other students who work hard and pass all papers in the same semester.\"Supporting the decision, V-C of Rajasthan Technical University (RTU), RP Yadav said: \"The blanket ban on students who flunked in any subject even once during 8 semesters without exempting those absent due to any unforeseen contingency is very unfortunate.\"An RTU official said nearly 70% students fail in at least one of the subjects in every semester in engineering colleges, but for premier institutes like MNIT, the figure stands at 20%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814812", "title": "Court sets aside order asking man to pay alimony", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court has set aside an order passed by a magistrate, directing a man to pay Rs 15,000 per month as maintenance to his estranged wife on the ground that she was employed as a teacher.The order came on a revision petition filed by the husband, who had said that a magisterial court had asked him to pay Rs 15,000 as monthly alimony to his wife but it did not consider the fact that she was working as a teacher .... The wife, however, contested the plea and argued that the magistrate had considered all the relevant documents while deciding the maintenance amount.\"The respondent (wife) has not come clear on her earning status and there were specific allegations regarding her employment status, it would thus have been appropriate to record her statement on oath,\" the sessions court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16814864", "title": "Distorted data prompts clash", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A misquote has kept the entire state on the boil. Even as Rahul Gandhi's remark that \"7 out of 10 youth in Punjab are drug-addicts\" has pitched the ruling and opposition parties against each other, the author of the study being quoted, is pained that the survey he did has been 'completely misinterpreted' and the facts distorted.Strangely, the state government too has been misquoting his study at various forums besides government documents and replies to the high court. It has also been made a base to formulate policies.Ranvinder Singh Sandhu, sociologist at Guru Nanak Dev University, undertook the survey in 2006 after the then governor S F Rodrigues commissioned it to the university. \"It was an exploratory study to know the behaviour of drug addicts in the state. The study is not representative of the entire population of the state but the sample included only drug addicts,\" told Sandhu to TOI.About 600 drug addicts from four districts of the state were questioned for the survey. \"Among the drug addicts, about 73% were in the age group of 20 to 35 years. However, the study was misquoted in a way that it seems it represented the entire population in the state, which it is not,\" said Sandhu. A copy of the survey is available in the Raj Bhawan, the CM office, the health minister's office but the distortion of facts was never pointed out.It is the state agencies which first misquoted the survey by using the figures in it to file a reply to the Punjab and Haryana high court on the problem of drug addiction in Punjab. \"It is a shocking short-sightedness as it is clear that the government did not do its home work well before giving distorted facts to the high court,\" said S S Dhillon, an eminent sociologist.Others blame the lack of data available with the government on vital issues like problem of drug addiction. Vini Mahajan, principal secretary health, said, \"No studies have been commissioned by the state to fathom the extent of drug addiction. Population-based surveys require dedicated funds since the expenses incurred to arrive at a correct data are huge.\"The only survey commissioned by the SAD-BJP alliance in the last over five years' tenure of the government was one on the problem of farmers' suicide in 2008. However, it had taken more than two years to release Rs 20 lakh to Punjab Agriculture University to do the exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16815614", "title": "Police rescue West Bengal\u2019s labour supplier", "text": "PATNA: A Patna Police team on Saturday rescued an abducted labour supplier of West Bengal, Mukesh Choudhary, from the clutches of kidnappers. He was recovered from the house of one Ritesh Kumar Mishra at village Atepur Patera under Sarai police station in Vaishali district, said SSP Amrit Raj.The SSP said Choudhary, a resident of Belur in Howrah district, received a call on October 8. The caller told him (Choudhary) that he needed labourers for a factory in Bihar, which would be inaugurated on October 19. Choudhary fell into the trap and reached Patna, and the caller, on the pretext of showing him the site, took him to Atepur Patera and locked him in a room there.Thereafter, the SSP said, the kidnappers contacted Choudhary's family members and demanded Rs 20 lakh for his safe release. When the family members said they were unable to pay such a heavy amount, the kidnappers lowered the ransom amount to Rs 8 lakh. The Bali police station of West Bengal contacted Patna Police for the safe release of Choudhary, he said.The SSP said a police team led by SP (Rural) Manoj Kumar was constituted for safe recovery of the victim. On a tip-off, the team carried out a raid near Patna Junction and arrested three persons from a four-wheeler. The police team recovered Rs 7.95 lakh, the ransom amount paid by the victim's family, from the arrested persons. Besides, the police team also recovered Rs 35,000 drawn from Choudhary's account through his ATM card.Amrit Raj said acting on the revelations made by the arrested persons, the police team carried out a raid at the house of Ritesh Kumar Mishra at village Atepur Patera under Sarai police station in Vaishali district. The kidnappers had planned to eliminate Choudhary.He said the arrested persons had been identified as Ritesh Kumar Mishra, Ajay Mishra, both residents of Atepur Patera (Vaishali), and Mithilesh Rai, a native of Anwarpur (Vaishali). He said that police recovered over Rs 83 lakh, a four-wheeler, six cellphones, a sedative injection vial, an ATM card and two receipts of amounts drawn from the ATM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16819936", "title": "Amit Behl returns to Adaalat, Sonia Rakkar to be the new prosecutor", "text": "It's been a year now Amit Behl had made his last appearance in one of the episodes of Sony TV's Adaalat. After a long hiatus, again the makers (Contiloe Productions) have decided to bring back Amit in their upcoming special episode.Amit Behl, last seen in Sony TV's Dekha Ek Khwaab, will essay the character of a Robot designer and the case will revolve around a suspence attached to a Rohot. That was not all to share, as Sonia Rakkar, last seen in Sahara One's Kahaani Chandrakanta Ki will enter the show as the new public prosecutor.When contacted, Amit states, \"The role which I played earlier was of the worst villain in KD's life so far. Therefore the producers took a gap by not bringing me back on the show. But now they have roped me to essay another character on the same line.\"Sonia Rakkar on the other hand remained unavailable for her comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16816255", "title": "40 blocks stuck for defence, green nod cleared", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has cleared a bulk of the 52 exploration blocks that were bid out successfully but were stuck over defence and environmental clearances, oil secretary G C Chaturvedi said on Sunday.\"A high-level committee headed by the cabinet secretary and consisting of officials of ministries such as defence and environment has been set up to give clearance for exploration blocks... We have been clearing blocks and I believe only 11-12 blocks are pending for clearances now,\" Chaturvedi told reporters at the Petrotech 2012 conference.The government had in nine rounds of auctions since 1999 awarded 254 blocks to domestic and overseas explorers. Of these, 52 blocks were stuck for want of clearances.Of the blocks awaiting clearances, 22 were of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corporation and 15 belonged to Reliance Industries Ltd. Australia's BHP Billiton's five blocks were stuck, three of Cairn India, two of Santos International and one each of British Gas, BP, Focus Energy, Italy's ENI and Jubilant Oil and Gas.Chaturvedi said out of these blocks, 43 were stuck due to lack of clearance from the defence ministry.Explorers have invested over $20 billion to explore the blocks awarded in the various auction rounds. So far, 113 oil and gas discoveries have been made in 38 blocks. Under the auction regime, about 737 million tonnes of oil equivalent hydrocarbons reserves have been added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814088", "title": "No rollback in cheap LPG cap", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is no move in the government to raise or roll back the annual entitlement of subsidized cooking gas cylinders for each household, a senior Cabinet minister said on Sunday.\"If we are to change this, then there will be a shadow (of rollback) cast on other recent reforms such as FDI in retail,\" the minister, who was part of the decision taken by the Cabinet's panel on political affairs, said on condition of anonymity.On his part, oil minister S Jaipal Reddy said, \"I have nothing new to say on this.\"The Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs had on September 13 decided to cap the number of subsidized cooking gas refills for each household at six per year. Consumers will have to pay market price for subsequent refills.Subsidized cylinders of 14.2-kg each now cost Rs 410.42 in Delhi, while non-subsidized domestic refills cost Rs 895.5 per refill at current market price that changes in tune with international rates.The government's move had sparked political protests and demand for rollback and some UPA allies even suggested raising the cap. The decision was aimed at arresting the ballooning subsidy bill without having to raise cooking gas price.Reddy said all consumers, irrespective of how many subsidized cylinders they may have consumed in the first half of the current fiscal, which starts from April 1, would get three 14.2-kg cylinders at subsidized rates during the period till March 31, 2013. From April 1, 2013 households would be eligible for six subsidized cylinders till March 31, 2014. \"There is no ambiguity on that.\"For group housing societies that have bulk connections \u2014 called reticulated LPG consumers or piped LPG -- the number of cylinders to be supplied at subsidized rates to the society would be limited to the net entitled quantity based on individual consumption but not more than three cylinders of 14.2 kg till March 2013 and not more than six cylinders per annum from April 1, 2013. The entitlement will be fixed based on the number of flats occupied at the beginning of the capping year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16815535", "title": "Meet against inter-caste marriages today", "text": "COIMBATORE: Despite protests from a large cross-section of the civil society, Kongu Vellalar Gounder Peravai has decided to go with the anti-inter-caste assembly at SN auditorium near Ramanathapuram in the city on Sunday.The Peravai has called community members to attend the meeting take a pledge condemning inter-caste marriages and to take measures to protect their women from youth of other communities, who are accused of forging a relationship with gounder women with the intention of grabbing their wealth. The outfit had even advertised the meet in a daily to gather support.\"We are going ahead with the meeting and hundreds of people will gather at the auditorium as planned. It is a private affair of our community and does not interfere with others. We are all law abiding citizens,\" said R Manikandan, state president, Kongu Vellalar Gounder Peravai.The city police have given the green signal to conduct the meeting citing that the same association had conducted similar meetings in other districts in the past. A senior city police official also added that since it is a closed door meeting of the community members there was nothing unlawful about it until there is evidence of inflammatory statements being directed against other communities. \"We will not obstruct the meeting at the moment but we will monitor the proceedings at the meeting,\" said a senior city police official.However, a section of activists from Dravidar Viduthalai Kazhagam has threatened that they will register their protest by storming the meeting venue to condemn the motive of the organisers for holding such a meeting. \"Such caste-based programmes should not be promoted under any circumstance as it will lead to further polarisation of the society on the basis of caste and community,\" said C Vijayan, organising secretary, Dravidar Viduthalai Kazhagam.The Peravai move is not an isolated incident since similar sentiments have been expressed by various caste and community formation in the past with the focus especially on measures to preserve caste identity and exclusivity. The fear of losing caste or community identity due to youth marrying outside the fold is a common theme with many social groups. Sociologists explain that this fear among people stems from being insecure in a society that is being transformed by various social and economic factors at a furious pace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814816", "title": "12 cities in fray for new IPL team", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after terminating cash-strapped Deccan Chargers from the Indian Premier League, the Indian cricket board floated tenders for a new team on Sunday. BCCI has given a list of 12 cities as possible franchisee including Hyderabad.\"Under this invitation to tender, the winning bidder will be granted the right to own and operate a new team, which will compete in the IPL in each year from and including 2013 onwards, and will have the opportunity (if applicable and subject to qualification) to compete in each and any CLT20 which is staged from 2013 onwards.\" the BCCI said in an advertisement.The 12 cities are Ahmedabad, Cuttack, Dharamsala, Indore, Hyderabad, Kanpur, Kochi, Nagpur, Noida, Rajkot, Ranchi and Vizag.Sources in the IPL said that the base price for the team will be Rs 60 crore per year. \"Bids must be submitted at 12 noon IST on Thursday, October 25. The winning bids will be announced in the manner set out in the Invitation to Tender,\" the ad read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16815278", "title": "Land scam: Rs 2.37cr in typist's home", "text": "KOLKATA: Bidhannagar Police on Saturday seized cash worth Rs 2.37 crore, 131 gm of gold and a car from the Barasat apartment of Sushanta Kumar Das, one of the three arrested in the Salt Lake land scam case. Sushanta (wrongly referred to as Sukhen Das in previous reports), a typist who posed as an advocate, had along with Haradhan Das (the KMDA Group-D staffer) and Aloke Chatterjee (the retired KMDA deputy director), hoodwinked several people by \"selling\" KMDA plots to them.Besides cash and valuables, police also seized several KMDA letter heads, rubber stamps and other land documents from Das's house in Barasat's Larica Apartment.Bidhannagar police commissioner Rajeev Kumar said, \"Das couldn't provide any definite answer to how he amassed so much wealth. He is blaming the other accused for it. Investigations are on.\"Investigating officers said Das claimed he got the cash (Rs 2,37,34,200) - and other valuables (131.790 grams of gold) - from Haradhan and Chatterjee for reportedly registering land for several years. \"He claims they'd purchased stamp duty to the tune of Rs 20 crore for registering the fake deeds through him,\" an officer said. Das, police suspect, is a key link to the entire land scam racket, for he was used primarily to forge fake land deeds.\"His main work was to register the fake land deeds. The two plots of land JC 20 and JC 22, for example, were already \"sold\" thrice before and their sale deeds subsequently registered. They were trying to do it for the fourth time when the complainant got suspicious,\" the officer said.Das isn't even a registered lawyer though he used to pose as one. He reportedly had a makeshift chamber off Mayuk Bhawan.Providing fake search reports was also a part of Das's work. Any land that is registered in Bengal will be recorded in the registry office or in the office of Assurance of Registrar. So with a fee, anyone who plans to buy a house or plot can check its history of deeds for a period of 13 to 30 years. Das manipulated such reports making it appear that the land is free of any title.Police have already slapped the three accused with several sections of the IPC including 419, 420, 468, 471 and 120 (B), relating to impersonation, forgery and cheating. They had even used genuine land records, doctored them to serve their end and handed those over to the unsuspecting buyers, an officer said.Kumar has already indicated that several names have already cropped up in the investigation and some of them are of serving government officials. This also indicates the extent to which the racket has spread.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16817187", "title": "Luggage scanner lying defunct at Bhubaneswar railway station", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Luggage and parcels entering and coming out of Bhubaneswar railway station are going unchecked for quite some time now as the modern luggage scanner machine installed at the station entrance is lying defunct for the last few months. The device had helped railway police identify bags carrying revolver and gold biscuits in 2010.The scanner, purchased at a cost of around Rs 25 lakh, was installed in early 2010 for screening large sized luggage, parcels and boxes. It was capable of detecting organic and inorganic items such as weapons, explosives and narcotics. \"Security checking has been affected as the scanner is not functioning for the last six months. There is some technical glitch,\" Bhubaneswar railway protection force (RPF) inspector Barun Kumar Behera told TOI.\"The annual maintenance period of the machine by its supplier has expired. We have renewed the contract. It would be repaired within a week, in view of the Durga Puja rush,\" Behera added.The defunct scanner apart, frisking has also been hit in the absence of metal detectors at the entry and exit points of the station. Significantly, Bhubaneswar is the only railway station in the entire East Coast Railway (ECoR) jurisdiction where the luggage scanner facility is available. Even though the lone gadget often struggles to cope with the number of passengers during rush hours, it had certainly streamlined the frisking of luggage at the station, officials said. Everyday, the scanner frisks around 5,000 bags.Its usefulness was proved when railway cops caught a passenger carrying around 10 kg silver bricks illegally in his bag on June 12, 2010, and nabbed three other passengers with a revolver and razor on July 22 same year.A railway police officer said, \"Unlike airports, it is practically impossible to frisk everyone's luggage individually with the help of the scanner. But due to the presence of the scanner, anybody would think twice before daring to enter the station with illegal items. It also had a psychological effect on passengers. They felt safe and secured,\" another railway police officer said.Meanwhile, RPF sources said under a proposed integrated security project, the Railways would install luggage scanners at Puri and Cuttack railway stations which will be developed into world class standards. High frequency CCTV cameras, more number of luggage scanners, vehicle scanners and bomb disposal squads would be introduced at Bhubaneswar, Puri and Cuttack stations. There is also a proposal to replace the existing machine at Bhubaneswar railway station with another machine of higher version. A control room would be set up to monitor the functioning of the luggage scanners, vehicle scanners and bomb disposal squad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16815135", "title": "Biggest halls of Nagpur near Kalamna market", "text": "NAGPUR: Residents of eastern and northern part of the city always complain that civic agencies Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) create most of the facilities in west Nagpur. Now they can boast of housing the biggest halls in the city.NIT in association with Naivedhyam group is constructing two 8,500 square feet halls near Lata Mangeshkar garden on the road linking Pardi Square to Kalamna market. Currently, the biggest halls are in the range of 6,000 and 6,500 square feet. The project is being executed on built operate and transfer (BOT) basis.\"We had a 28,000 square feet land plot for which we floated tenders. Naivedhyam group bagged the tender by quoting the highest upfront premium. In addition they will pay an annual license fee of 4.5 lakh. The land lease is for 60 years and the ground rent will be increased after 30 years,\" an NIT official said adding that the construction would be complete by March and they would be opened from April or May next year.NIT chairman Pravin Darade said that the halls could be used for holding marriage receptions, conventions and various other functions. \"A person living in Wardhaman Nagar need not hold his family function 5km from his house any longer,\" he said.The agency is also in the process of finalizing the award of a tender of developing a high-end school in Waddhamna on Amravati Road. \"The school will come up on 1.75 acre land, 14km from Zero Mile. The project will be executed on built operate own and transfer (BOOT) basis. Somalwar Education Academy has bagged the project. We will shortly enter into an agreement with them,\" the official said.The official further said that this tender too was bagged by quoting the highest upfront premium. \"We had floated the tender three times earlier but did not get any response. However, this time we got good response. In addition the operator will pay annual land rent. The academy will design the school but it will require our sanction,\" the official said.There are four small open spaces near the school, which the operator will have to level and develop as sports area for nearby residents.Darade said that he was confident that a good school would come up. \"Most of the new high-end schools are now outside the city because big land plots are no longer available within municipal limits,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16816379", "title": "NGO disposes of 55 unclaimed bodies", "text": "RANCHI: As many as 55 bodies which were lying unclaimed at the mortuary of the Rajendra Institute of Medical Science (RIMS) here were finally cremated on the bank of Jumar river on Sunday. The forest department provided wood for the cremation of the bodies. A local NGO which came to know about the unclaimed bodies at the RIMS morgue cremated these according to Hindu rituals on river bank.RIMS director Tulsi Mahto said it was not the responsibility of the hospital to dispose of unclaimed bodies.\"There no time limit prescribed in law for disposal of the bodies which lays unclaimed for long. When it's a dead body where nobody comes forward to claim it then it becomes a state property. Hence it's the states responsibility to dispose of such bodies. Today the 55 unclaimed bodies were disposed of with help on an NGO,\" Mahto said.The Ranchi Municipal Corporation (RMC) health officer said, \"The problem was from the forest department who were not providing wood for the cremation. Now when they provided the wood the bodies were finally cremated.\" The forest department provided 155 quintals of wood for the purpose, while the RMC provided labour for cleaning and vehicles to carry the bodies to the cremation site.\"The bodies were in such bad shape that it was difficult to distinguish their sex. Most of them were in a decomposed state and were totally disfigured,\" Murda Kalyan Committee president Tubul Charkrabarty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16817306", "title": "Two held for selling fake vehicle spare parts worth Rs 6.5 lakh", "text": "CHENNAI: The video piracy cell of the CBCID has arrested two people for manufacturing fake automobile spare parts and recovered material worth 6.5 lakh from them on GP Road off Mount Road on Sunday. Police said the arrest was made based on a complaint from R Satheesh Kumar, general manager, EIPR (I) Ltd. The complainant alleged that fake products were being circulated in the market.He also identified two shops involved in manufacturing fake parts, causing loss to the company.A special team raided the shops \u2014 Balaji Motors and Lucky Clutch Centre on G P Road and arrested two persons -Bagarinath , 20 and Mohideen, 22 - for having stocked several spare parts in the shops. \"We have seized fake Tata motors brake lining, clutch plate, Lucas TVS rectifier, regulator, capacitor, carbon brush, empty covers and metal seal from them,\" said an investigating officer.The total value of the seized products is 6.5 lakh. The two told the police that they had manufactured the products and sold them as original company products by attaching a fake seal. The two were remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kanyakumari", "code": "16815954", "title": "4 held for trying to send refugee to Australia", "text": "KANYAKUMARI: Four Sri Lankan refugees have been arrested in Kanyakumari for attempting to send a fellow refugee to Australia in a boat, clandestinely.The arrested four had also planned to leave the country in the boat, but were caught after it developed a technical snag near Kanyakumari coast.Police traced the arrests to a mysterious boat that was found along Chinna Muttom coast in Kanyakumari district on October 8. None of the fishermen in the region owned up the boat leading to inquiries on its origin. Even as investigation was on, a young Sri Lankan refugee approached the police with a complaint that helped crack the case.The Lankan refugee named A Rizwan (26), an inmate of Pooluvapatti camp in Coimbatore, said in his complaint that four fellow refugees had duped him after receiving Rs 1 lakh on the pretext of taking him clandestinely to Australia in the boat. The mysterious boat was purportedly planned for the discrete ride to Australia. Based on Rizwan's complaint, police arrested four Sri Lankan refugees from a hotel in Kanyakumari. They were identified as K Sasidharan (22), an inmate of Perumanallur camp in Tirupur district, M Madhavan (27) from a camp in Villupuram district, S Selvakumar (33) from Thuthuvanpatti camp in Coimbatore and Sivaruban alias Sivamaindhan from Avinashi in Tirupur district. They were booked for cheating as well as under Foreigners Act.Police said that the four had also planned to leave for Australia in the boat and lured Rizwan to come along. They asked Rizwan to come to Kochi where they received Rs 1 lakh from him. The gang also bought a mechanised boat from Kerala and was heading to Nagapattinam from where they had planned to leave the country. But when the boat reached Kanyakumari, it developed a technical snag. The gang left the boat at an isolated spot in Chinna Muttom and stayed in a hotel. But Rizwan grew suspicious over the gang as they were delaying the trip and lodged the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16816937", "title": "Mahalaya chant beat turning sad", "text": "BHOPAL: Navratri festival fervour has already gripped the city. Mahalaya, which falls on Monday, is a time to listen to the chants of Mahisasur Mardini and Chandipath -- mantras that manage to give one goose bumps on a nippy autumn morning.In tune with the age old tradition, people of the Bengali community wake up early morning to listen to the chants. With the changing trend, many switch on radio channels that air the chants right from 4am or simply play the mantras on their CD players thereby following the tradition.The day is when goddess Durga accompanied by her retinue of four children, is believed to have left her abode in the Himalayas for a journey to the home of her mother in Bengal. It also means that Durga Puja is just a week away.However, Mahalaya day is fast relegating to just another day rue some old timers. They say that the new generation doesn't associate itself with the tradition of listening to the mantras early morning. \"Those who are out of West Bengal must have hardly heard the 'Mahalaya recital.' In our childhood days, it was a ritual which was followed religiously. In fact I have not heard it properly at 4am in the last 10 years,\" said Sauvik Acharya, a professional. Some have adapted themselves to the changing times. \"I have a digital version of the original recital which I have tested. I religiously hear it every year on the day. The radio version is missed but you have to move on and adapt,\" said Soumitro Roy.But there are some who differ. \"The essence of the Mahalaya recital that was there in the radio broadcast is lost in the digitized version. Also the broadcast was at a designated time which meant you have to get up early. The digital version allows you more flexibility of getting up even late, say at 7am,\" said Acharya.The day also means that Puja is here, as is Maha Navratri that begins on the first day of the month of Ashwin and continues for the next nine days. Nine incarnations of Durga or Shakti are worshipped on the days.Those who are out of West Bengal must have hardly heard the Mahalaya recital. In our childhood days, it was a ritual which was followed religiously. In fact I have not heard it properly at 4am in the last 10 yearsPandals to unveil famous templesA bonanza of worship and entertainment awaits citizens this Navratri. Citizens will be not only able to 'visit' famous temples including Tirupati Balaji, Mahakal, Shirdi and Dakshineshwar temples but also perform holy rituals right in the heart of the city.City pandals this year are coming up with replicas of the famous temples from different parts of the country during the festival starting October 16.Pandal coming up in Bittan market will take you to the Tirupati Balaji temple of Karnataka. During the festival, people will be able to donate their hair following all the rituals and traditions of the original temple at the hands of a pandit of the noted temple. \"We are making provisions whereby people will be able to donate their hair as per customs prevalent at the Tirupati Balaji temple,\" said Hari Khatik, vice president of the Ma Vaishno Dugotsav Samiti of the Bittan Market Haat Bazaar that is organising the puja.\"The hair would be then donated to the Kalyana Katta Bhavan, Tirumala. Even a pandit has been called from Tirupati temple for the Navratra. Also two waiting halls have been made for people to sit and rest on the way to darshan. Total budget of the puja is around 25 lakhs,\" he said.Two ladoos of pure ghee would be provided against a token of Rs 50. VIP pass would come for Rs 101. \"The place has been equipped with CCTV cameras to monitor security inside the premises. Also LCD screens would be installed at prime places. Last year, around five lakh people had visited the pandal. This year, a bigger crowd is expected,\" said Khatik.Nav Yuvak Durgotsav Samiti of 10 No market is creating a pandal replicating the grand Mysore Palace. Three temples are being constructed within the pandal including Ujjain Mahakal and Shirdi temples.Rahul Malviya, chairman of the Samiti that is putting up pandals for the past 60 years, said, \"We are known as the 'Bhooton Wali Jhanki.' We create caves like Kailash mountains etc inside which the idol is installed. This is the first time that three temples are being made with a budget of 7.5 lakhs. And there will be a surprise element of a ghost house,\" he said.\"Besides the dark house, Garba Ras would be organized on one of the days. Also Maha Arti with dhol and a Chhappan Bhog would be there,\" said Malviya.New Market Vyapari Durgotsav Samiti is coming up with a pandal having the famous 'Kantha' work. If the organizers are to be belived, it will be seen for the first time in the state. Ajay Kudesia, convenor of the Samiti said, \"The pandal is being modelled on the lines of the Dakshineshwar Kali Temple of West Bengal. 'Katha work' would be seen in the state for the first time. The dimensions of the pandal are 72 ft high and 90 ft wide while the idol is being made by artisans from Kolkata. It will be , is 14 ft high and 20 ft wide and is being made using herbal colours.\" The main attraction of the puja would be a Maha Arti on the Ashtami day where a man would dance with 1,001 diyas, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16814949", "title": "Illegal colonizers feel the heat after crackdown", "text": "JALANDHAR: Following orders from Punjab and Haryana high court, strictness against illegal colonies has brought many cats out of the bag as colonizers indulging in carving out unauthorized colonies are getting badly affected and are now demanding regularization of colonies that have already been developed.The high court through its order on July 20 had made the official machinery to get tough against unauthorized colonies. After this strictness, colonizers have been meeting officials and politicians to demand that colonies which have already been developed should be regularized.Till now faces behind unauthorized colonies had been managing to cock-a-snook at law by operating through benami deals by getting sale deeds registered through their employees and some times even migrants, who get petty salaries and hold power of attorney. According to sources, this modus operandi was adopted to escape the noose of law as whenever PUDA or some municipal body initiated action the real colonizers were nowhere in the records. Property Dealers Welfare Association, Jalandhar president Amrik Bagri said, \"We are demanding that colonies already developed should be regularized and no new illegal colonies should be allowed to come up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16820256", "title": "Aniruddh Dave goes ga ga over Mary Kom!", "text": "Actor Aniruddh Dave who plays the main lead in Hemal Thakkar's television soap, Ruk Jaana Nahin, shot with the noted woman boxer Mary Kom who has won the bronze medal for India in London Olympics 2012.\"I have always followed the Olympics from my teens and it was n o different this year. However, I was amazed to see Mary Kom win the medal this time. And it was thrilling to shoot with the iron lady herself on the same ring,\" expressed Aniruddh.The actor had shot with Mary Kom in the boxing ring after which they also had a warm up match. \"I got a huge blow on my face from her. I will always remember the blow from an Olympic medal winner. The power and stamina she has is just unbelievable,\" added Aniruddh.We wonder if Mary watches Aniruddh's show, Ruk Jaana Nahin . The actor went on to narrate, \"After the shoot we sat down for a cup of coffee and chatted for a while. I also loved the way Mary said about my character \" Indu Singh tum bahut achhi ho. It is a huge honour for me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16809560", "title": "Sania Mirza graces National Tennis Championship", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's been a while since the capital got a glimpse of Sania Mirza (now Mrs Shoaib Malik). The tennis player turned up looking fashionable and rather natty in shades and a sharp formal outfit at the Fenesta Open National Tennis Championship 2012, an annual tennis tournament by DCM Shriram Consolidated Limited (DSCL), at the Delhi Lawn Tennis Association (DLTA) complex on Saturday.She sat through the tournament and finally gave away the prizes to the winners, young tennis players Jeevan Nedunchezhiyan and Prerna Bhambri, who won the men's and women's singles titles. Also present was her father Imran, Rohit Rajpal, Anil Khanna and Ajay Shriram.Speaking on the occasion, Shriram, chairman and senior managing director, DCM Shriram Consolidated Ltd, said, \"DSCL's brand Fenesta Windows has yet again supported Indian talent in tennis with another year of Fenesta National Tennis Championship. We're proud to have been associated with the game for 18 years and have seen an incredible response from participants and audiences.\"We believe the championship will continue to provide a launch pad for promising players and besides representing India, will give them an opportunity to pursue a promising career. Fenesta Open transforms lives, just like Fenesta Windows transform homes.\" Sania said, \"It always makes me nostalgic to visit the DLTA stadium. I have played so many matches here, and there are memories I can never forget. It is encouraging to see young, talented players perform so well and also take an interest in pursuing tennis as a full-time career. I hope we see more kids join this game in the future too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814482", "title": "CPM blasts V S Achuthanandan for not toeing line on nuclear-issue", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CPM on Sunday censured its veteran leader V S Achuthanandan for criticising the party position and declaring support to the anti-Kudankulam nuclear reactor agitation.\"The central committee rejects his views. It censures him (Achuthanandan) for his refusal to abide by the stand which was worked out at the Party Congress,\" a CPM central committee statement said.The central committee, which concluded its three-day meeting here, also directed Achuthanandan to adopt the stand taken by the party.Clarifying the party's stand, the statement said, \"In the case of the Kudankulam reactors, the resolution has made an exception as the agreement for these reactors were signed two decades before the Indo-US nuclear deal, at a time when the US and other Western countries had imposed sanctions on India.\"The central committee also noted that since then, two reactors from Russia have already been constructed at a considerable cost and they were at the final stage before commissioning. Agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16815274", "title": "All pharmacies in hosps to stock up", "text": "MUMBAI: The state's Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has asked all pharmacies attached to public as well as private hospitals to stock up medicines in the wake of the three-day strike announced by chemists. Beginning on the midnight of Monday, the strike will go on till October 18, if another round of talks between the FDA officials and chemists break down.About 50,000 chemists from the state, including 5,500 from the city, are protesting the \"high-handedness\" of FDA officials, who have started cracking the whip on chemists for flouting norms. Chemists started feeling the heat for non-maintenance of records since April this year when cases of illegal abortion of girl children in Beed started tumbling out. Since then, 5,000 chemist shops were inspected and irregularities found in 1,714. Licences of 377 chemist shops were suspended and 45 were cancelled. As many as 30 FIRs were lodged against erring chemists.Prasad Danave, general secretary of Retail and Dispensing Chemists Association (RDCA), said that chemists want new policies on drug licensing. He said that people are generously granted licences without making a survey of the area, or without gauging if there was a need for more chemist shops. \"Overcrowding of shops is leading to malpractice, and yet, we are being blamed for so-called flouting of norms,\" he said. Danave said the FDA has booked chemists for honouring prescriptions from allopaths and homeopaths. \"There's no clarity on what prescriptions to honour and what to refuse. In some areas, there are no MBBS doctors for miles. What happens to people in those areas?\" he questioned.The FDA said it was trying to negotiate with chemist associations. \"We have made arrangements for sale of medicines by private, government and semi-government establishments. Our officers will visit the sites to ensure there are no problems in procuring medicines,\" said K B Shende, joint commissioner, FDA.Meanwhile, the Maharashtra Pharmacist Welfare Association has requested chemists not to participate in the strike. In a press statement, MPWA said they are taking up the issues with the authorities and they have promised to find a solution. Chairman of MPWA, Sujit Parmar, said keeping shops shut will be tantamount to playing with patients' lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16817286", "title": "Cases filed against owners of shops Feroz ran in Camp", "text": "PUNE: Two shop owners, who rented out their properties in Camp area to Indian Mujahideen operative Sayyed Feroz, have come under police action as they failed to submit tenant details to police.Senior police inspector of the Cantonment police station Sushama Chavan told TOI that police have filed a case against the owner of the shop on Lane no 2 in Bhimpura from where Feroz ran his tailoring workshop. A case has also been filed against the owner of another shop 'Options by Feroz' in Camp area.Feroz had been running the two shops, both by the name 'Options by Feroz', in Camp area. One is located on Jan Mohammed street while the other is located near Shivaji Market.During investigations, the Pune police came across a third shop he used to run near Bhopale chowk on R S Kedari Road. All the three shops remained closed on Sunday.Investigations have revealed that Feroz had taken these properties on rent. However, the owners of the two shops did not inform the police about their tenant.The city police had made it compulsory for all property owners to furnish information about their tenants to the nearest police stations. \"We have booked the two owners under section 188 (disobedience to order duly promulgated by public servant) of the Indian Penal Code,\" Chavan said.When TOI tried to contact one of the owners, he refused to comment.A neighbouring shop owner on Kedari Road said the local police on Saturday had conducted searches at Feroz's shop. \"However, the shop had been closed since Ramzan. Feroz was selling burquas and other garments in the shop,\" he said.Police have also found that Feroz had earlier rented another more shop in Camp area. However, he shifted to Jan Mohammed street after the agreement expired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "16811434", "title": "MI vs HL: Highveld Lions crush Mumbai Indians by 8 wickets", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Defending champions Mumbai Indians started their campaign on a disappointing note, losing to Lions by eight wickets, in their opening match of the Champions League Twenty20 on Sunday.Scorecard | Match in PicsThe catalysts for Lions' victory were Neil McKenzie (68 not out off 41 balls) and 19-year-old Quinton de Kock (51 not out off 33) as the duo helped the side chase the target of 158 with seven balls to spare at the New Wanderers Stadium.Mumbai posted 157 for six after being invited to bat and then failed to find an answer for McKenzie and de Kock's joint assault that left them bruised and battered.For the record, Mumbai had lost to Lions in the second edition of the event two years ago.It could have been anybody's game till Dhawal Kulkarni and Mumbai skipper Harbhajan Singh were taken to the cleaners in the 16th and 17th over.While Kulkarni conceded 17 runs, Harbhajan was smashed for 16 as Lions inched towords the target.Kulkarni's three overs went for 37 while Harbhajan gave away 36 in his four. Pragyan Ojha was knocked for 19 in his two.Lions lost their first wicket when Ambati Rayudu pulled off a blinder at cover, holding on to Alviro Petersen's full-blooded shot off Lasith Malinga.Bringing himself on in the seventh over, Harbhajan was on the money straightaway as he got Ghulam Bodi to edge one to first slip where Rohit Sharma completed a good catch.At 37 for two in the seventh over, the prospect looked gloomy for Lions. However, an unbeaten 121-run partnership for the third wicket between de Kock and McKenzie sealed the match in Lions' favour.While de Kock was the more dominant of the two initially, the experienced Mckenzie, who got off the mark with a reverse- paddle four off Harbhajan, too played his part before launching into a flurry of boundaries.The 50-partnership between the two was up in six overs and they continued to torment the Mumbai bowlers till the task was achieved.Earlier, Mumbai relied on useful contributions from their batsmen to reach a total, which did not prove to be enough.Mitchell Johnson scored 30 while Rohit Sharma and Dwayne Smith fell in the 20s after getting starts. Dinesh Karthik scored a breezy nine-ball 19 towards the end.Helping the visiting side to a great extent was the 24 extras conceded by Lions.Mumbai were off to a brisk start as Smith smashed half a dozen fours to put the South Africans under pressure first up.Chris Morris erred in line and the easy pickings were treated with disdain by Smith. The bowler, however, had the last laugh when he had the West Indian trapped in front of wicket.After missing out on the strike initially, Tendulkar steered Sohail Tanvir in front of backward point for his first boundary.Tendulkar found the fence one more time before left-arm spinner Aaron Phangiso disturbed his stumps after the batsman tried to make room and launch into a heave.This was the fourth time in recent months that Tendulkar has been bowled. He got out in similar fashions thrice in the Test series against New Zealand in August-September. The bowlers, though, were pacers on those occasions.Till the time he was there in the middle, Sharma gave Mumbai solidity, playing some opportunistic shots before Dirk Nannes cleaned him up.Sharma was severe on Zander de Bruyn who was smashed for a six and two fours, the maximum sailing over point region.The promotion of Johnson, who is returning from a toe injury, ahead of specialists Ambati Rayudu and Karthik, and the powerful Kieron Pollard, seemed to have boomeranged on Mumbai as they lost momentum halfway into the innings.Though he top-scored for the visitors, Johnson gobbled up a lot of balls, and it was largely due to Karthik's enterprise towards the end that Mumbai reached a respectable total.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16814828", "title": "Umesh\u2019s agent stole signed letterhead, says Shankar Rao", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a new twist involving Umesh Kumar and the appointment of director general of police, the Musheerabad police has received a complaint from Cantonment MLA Shankar Rao that a signed letterhead of his was stolen by an agent of the officer. The complaint number C 329/20/12 states that the letterhead was used to draft a letter that was sent to the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC). The letter alleged that Dinesh Reddy was a corrupt officer and therefore should not be considered for the top slot. The complaint names the agent who is a lawyer (name witheld). The complaint was given on Sunday.On receipt of the letter, the UPSC sent it to the state government who examined the letter and found the complaint to be false. Shankar Rao during the questioning revealed that he never wrote the letter and his letterhead was stolen from his office. He also said that he kept signed letterheads as his constituents often sought recommendation letters for darshan.The police are yet to question the purported agent of Umesh Kumar and figure out whether the version of Shankar Rao is accurate. The UPSC last fortnight cleared the appointment of Dinesh Reddy for the top slot confirming him for two years in the top cop slot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16816375", "title": "Potholed Marine Drive cries for repair before pujas", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The 10-km long Marine Drive along the Subernarekha and the Khakhari rivers will pose trouble for the motorists during Durga Puja if the gaping potholes and craters on the street remain unrepaired.Although the street, meant for heavy commercial vehicles, has remained a nightmare for the motorists all along, but the thought that private vehicles such as motorbikes, cars and SUVs will have to travel on this worn-out road during the pujas has made the repair work all the more necessary.Kendriya Durga Puja Samity (KDPS) functionary, Ram Babu Singh, said, \"Following our request, deputy commissioner Himani Pandey directed the agencies concerned to ensure completion of the repairing work ahead of the pujas and we are hopeful the street will be repaired by the end of this week.\"Dhalbhum subdivisional officer Subodh Kumar, while chairing the KDPS meeting recently, said, \"The repairing work on the Marine Drive will be over in time.\"In the absence of street lights in several places on the stretch, the traffic particularly the two-wheelers and the cars shall find it extremely difficult to travel as the two sides of the streets have no barriers.Kadma resident Rajesh Singh, who often travels to Mango situated on this street, said, \"At one side, Kharkhai and Subernarekha rivers flow and on the other side illegal settlers live in slums. It takes much concentration to drive on this road especially at night.\"Since the Kharkhai bridge remains closed for vehicles during the four days of puja, the residents of Adityapur and Seraikela in the adjoining Seraikela-Kharswan district will have to pass through Adityapur toll bridge and the Marine Drive to reach Jamshedpur.A volunteer of the Jayram Youth Sporting Club said, \"Scores of workers employed in the Adityapur industrial belt will travel to the factory and back home from Jamshedpur passing through the Marine Drive. Similar is the case with company buses ferrying employees from steel city to Adityapur. Heavy traffic on the Marine Drive shall cause danger in the absence of barricading on the two sides of the street.\" This club draws maximum crowd to the puja pandal owing to which traffic is largely hit.The Marine Drive project, conceived in 1997, envisages development of the 9.8km stretch that will ultimately meet the newly constructed Adityapur toll bridge in Kadma. However, the road could be completed only in parts owing to various reasons including frequent protests from illegal settlers and locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16817262", "title": "They lend a frail shoulder to a fellow senior citizen", "text": "CHENNAI: Septuagenarian G Ramaswamy bends to tie the lace of his worn-out running shoes, stretches his legs and rotates his wrists. He is all set for a walk with a 'friend' he has never met before. \"I was told by my neighbour that one of his elderly relatives who stay alone in a house in Anna Nagar West was going into depression as he had no one to talk to. I thought I should help him by asking him to join me in my daily walk,\" he grins.Ramaswamy is among a new breed of senior citizens who, unmindful of their age, are pitching in to help their peers surmount numerous difficulties that many seniors deal with on a daily basis , including loneliness. Going on walks, accompanying the elderly to hospitals and giving them company are not the only services this brigade of senior volunteers offer .Some like 60-year-old T Mythili also helps senior citizens keep pace with the changing times. Mythili taps the keyboard and squints behind her rimmed glasses. Her face lights up into a smile when her granddaughter's picture appears on the screen. For this techsavvy retired central government employee, the internet is a boon, as it helps her stay in touch with her family.Mythili has now taken it upon herself to help bridge the chasm between people belonging to her generation and new-age technology. \"For me, the internet is a window to a world beyond what I see in reality. It helps me learn so much about what is happening in the world outside mine. My mission now is to help other senior citizens keep pace with the times,\" says Mythili, who offers her expertise as a volunteer in a non-profit organisation , Dignity Foundation.Realising the increasing number of requests from senior citizens for companionship , a few non-governmental organisations have formed group of volunteers to give such people company. \"Many senior citizens are physically fit and have big houses, but are often lonely. When we realised that they feel comfortable with another elderly person, we formed a team of volunteers who are just a phone call away. Some of them end up becoming good friends,\" says Dignity Foundation chairman K Radhakrishnan.The NGO runs a 24-hour helpline manned by senior citizens and has nearly 20 volunteers enrolled with them for the 'companionship' service they offer. Representatives of NGO Help-Age India, which also has a helpline, claim they get similar requests. \"Although we get calls complaining of abuse, housing constraints and mobility problems, isolation is increasingly becoming the chief concern of the elderly,\" says R Muthukrishnan , a counsellor with Help-Age India.For many senior citizens, an opportunity to help is a way to let their peers know that they are not alone. \"There are increasing cases of senior citizens being victimised . We want them to know that they are not alone and help is just a call away,\" says sexagenarian Onley Aron, who teaches games like sudoku to his peers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "16814927", "title": "Police failure to trace abducted girl: Faridkot residents to send \u2018bangles\u2019 to CM in protest", "text": "FARIDKOT: Angered by the failure of police to trace a minor girl, who was kidnapped from Faridkot, and nab the accused even after 21 days of the incident, residents of the town have now decided to send bangles to Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal as a mark of protest and symbol of police ineffectiveness. Five members of Gundagardi Virodhi Saanjhi Action Committee (GVSAC), which is leading the protests, will also launch a daily hunger strike from Monday at the Kotwali police station gate.GVSAC executive member Shivender Singh Sandhu said on Sunday that along with the effigies of Ravana, Meghnad and Kumbhkarna, the effigy of \"Gundagardi\" will also be burned on October 24 on the occasion of Dussehra festival. Another GVSAC executive member Tarun Arora said that leaders of ruling party Shiromani Akali Dal , who will come to city, will be gheraoed by residents and protest marches will be organized in every village of the district. Arora said that police department is not only sheltering the accused, but has also made the minor girl, who is also a rape victim, vulnerable by revealing her identity.The 15-year-old class X student was abducted from Dogar Basti area. As per police records, Nishan Singh, a resident of Harendra Nagar, and his friends, armed with guns and iron rods, had barged into her house on September 24 afternoon and assaulted her parents, before taking her away. The records also state that on March 25, 2012, he had kidnapped the same girl from her home. Police had registered a case and the victim came back home on July 27 and after medical examination, police had slapped rape charges on Nishan on August 10, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16816607", "title": "Will Pak respond to the malignant forces within?", "text": "An entire generation of Pakistanis should consider naming their baby girls, Malala. For one thing, the name has a lovely, melodious ring to it. For another, the inspiration would have come from Malala Yousafzai, the kind of brave and courageous girl child Pakistan needs.The attack on Malala is an example of barbaric behaviour by the Taliban and like-minded factions of male-collectives brainwashed into a regressive realm of religious dogma. Happily, it has cultivated rage among Pakistanis, not just because it is a terror act, but also because it is so blatantly vile in its choice of the persecuted.Every numbed heart has been touched by Malala's shooting. This Saturday crowds gathered outside the Karachi Press Club to lobby collectively under the banner - Enough is Enough: Zero Tolerance for Terrorism. And it is fitting that it takes an attack on an outspoken young girl to begin momentum for a movement against internal destruction.Malala's diary now available on BBC website, recorded the internal chaos and the impact of fear on the people in Swat post Taliban-issued edicts to stop girls from going to school.She also records the fear she experiences going to school everyday after exposing this Taliban-induced culture of repression. Her final punishment was to shut her up for spreading liberal and 'secular' values in her area. After the act, the bearded ignoramuses even bragged about it. But back to Malala - at 14 years of age, she has already won a National Youth Peace Prize; her diary entries for BBC blog, earned her kudos for freedom overseas but also a list of hateful followers who would eventually instill fear in her and lead to her shooting.But if Malala's shooting means the witch's brew so full of poisoned souls and achy potions has got the spell it finally needs to rouse a beleaguered and frustrated nation to rise and protest in earnest, then Malala should be proud. Her tale has touched a cynical and pain-numbed lot. Other good things have been happening in the Land of the Pure. On October 5, three left wing parties - the Labour Party , the Awami Party Pakistan and the Workers Party - met to combine forces and reemerge as a united front in the hope of having greater reach and impact.Just a week before this merger, Lahore's Shadman Chowk was renamed Bhagat Singh Chowk. Bhagat Singh was executed in Lahore in 1931. The newspapers quoted district coordination officer, Mengal as saying that all citizens - Muslims, Sikhs, Hindus, Christians - had equal rights under the Pakistani constitution. With Bhagat Singh back in the news and Malala recovering in hospital, the collective forces of Pakistani dissent from the current norm may finally respond to the malignant forces within Pakistan.Sometimes one person has the ability to shift the equilibrium. Here's hoping that Malala has proved that ideas are bulletproof, no matter how many people you shoot, bomb or slaughter.The writer is a Delhi-based Pakistani journalist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16815933", "title": "After day in Jodhpur hospital morgue, body loses eye", "text": "JODHPUR: An eye from a body lying in the morgue of MG Hospital went missing on Sunday, forcing the hospital administration to order an inquiry into the matter.Shocked family members and relatives agitated against the hospital administration, alleging foul play and negligence on their part.The family members noticed the missing eye the body of 29-year-old Prakash, who had died in an accident a day earlier, was taken out from the morgue on Sunday morning for post mortem.Following an uproar by the relatives, the hospital administration constituted a medical board under the command of an eye surgeon. The board will submit its report on Monday. According to a police official, Prakash (29) had met with an accident on Saturday evening in Pratap Nagar and died on the spot when his motorcycle smashed into a tractor.When rats attackRat bites in government hospitals of Jodhpur are not unheard of. In November 2009, an infant had been nibbled at by a rat in the post-natal ward of the Umaid Hospital. In January 2011, a paralysed patient Mohammad Iqbal (70) was bitten by rats on his face in the ICU ward of the MDM Hospital in January 2011. The rats had also punctured a rubber tube attached to his throat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "binola (nizamabad)", "code": "16814303", "title": "Tunnel blasting leaves Binola trembling", "text": "BINOLA (NIZAMABAD): The residents of Binola village in Navipet mandal have been spending sleepless nights for the last couple of weeks. The tonnes of explosives used for blasting the huge boulders and big stone blocks for clearing way for an 18-km long tunnel for the Pranahitha-Chevella lift irrigation project has damaged their houses.Several houses in this village, which is 35km away from the district headquarters, have developed cracks on the walls, ceilings and roofs.Worried that their roofs would collapse any minute, the elderly, women and children rush out of their homes each time the authorities carry out blasting in the area.\"It's as if the earth is shaking. We are extremely worried about our safety,\" said Aitigadda Chandra whose house is located close to the blasting site. \"The household articles fall from the cupboards and shelves whenever there is a blast,\" he said.Frightened residents of this tiny village staged protests against the tunnel works but the irrigation authorities said they would go ahead with the blasting to make way for the tunnel. Ten persons, including five women, were arrested for obstructing the blasting works 15 days ago. The residents are demanding that the government rehabilitate them by shifting the entire village consisting of 1,200 houses.A resident, Teddu Santosh blamed district minister Sudarshan Reddy for rushing through the works without conducting a public hearing.\"Cracks have developed on the walls of the newly-constructed government primary school. The children are scared,\" he said. Scared students run out of the school whenever a blast is heard, Patolla Chinna Bhumaiah pointed out.He said the authorities washed their hands off by handing over Rs 5,000 to each house owner. \"Our lives are at stake but the government seems to be oblivious to our sufferings,\" he rued.CPI district secretary Kanjara Bhumaiah told TOI that the government must shift the entire village to a safer place and provide irrigable water for agriculture. He said 270 houses have already been damaged because of the continuous blasting.Stating that they were taking foolproof measures to protect the villagers, superintendent engineer of Pranahitha-Chevella, Gopal Reddy, however, said that it was not possible to shift the entire village of 1,200 houses.\"There would be no damage to the houses if low intensity explosive material is used for blasting. We are trying to organise them,\" he pointed out.With a view to creating a new ayacut of 3.4 lakh acres in 19 mandals in Nizamabad district, the tunnel project was taken up at a cost of Rs 3,484 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16817270", "title": "108 ambulance hits bike, one killed", "text": "CHENNAI: A 35-year-old man was killed and another sustained severe injuries when a 108 ambulance hit the motorcycle in which they were traveling on Poonamallee High Road near Aminjikarai on Saturday night. The police have arrested the driver of the ambulance.According to police, Saravanan , 35, of Muthumariamman Koil Street in Arumbakkam died on the spot after he suffered head injuries while his friend Raja who was riding pillion was injured in the accident . Raja has been admitted to the Government General Hospital where his condition is said to be stable .The two were returning to Arumbakkam after leaving Raja's vehicle for repair in Koyambedu. When they were maneuvering a bend on the road, their motorcycle collided with the ambulance. The two were thrown off the motorcycle and Saravanan sustained severe head injuries when a screwdriver which Raja was holding in his hand pierced his stomach in the impact of the collision. A few commuters took the duo in another ambulance to the hospital. Police said the ambulance had come to the city to admit a patient at the government hospital in Egmore. After dropping the patient, the driver was returning to Kancheepuram when the accident took place.Anna Nagar traffic investigation police registered a case for causing death due to negligence against the ambulance driver Raja Badar and arrested him. He was remanded in judicial custody. An official with 108 ambulance service claimed that the driver lost control of the vehicle as the two came from the wrong side of the road.\"As soon as the accident happened we alerted the ambulance service from Koyambedu and rushed them to hospital,\" he said.\"We have always insisted our drivers to drive safely and ask them not to over speed to ensure safety of motorists. We have specifically chosen drivers who are experienced and have a good track record,\" he said. Saravanan was a load man at Koyambedu Market and Raja is a driver of an loading van at the market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16816318", "title": "Schoolboys set to rock capital with debut album", "text": "RANCHI: In another first for the city, four class XII students have come up with a rock album called \" Broken Strings\". The students, who got together to form a rock band, Apocalypse, have funded this album from their own pockets. The recording of the album was done in a city studio.Jharkhand police spokesperson S N Pradhan, who loves rock music and sings occasionally, launched the album at an event on Sunday. The album is largely inspired from alternative rock and is a humble attempt at recreating the magic of Metallica and Linkin Park . Pradhan said, \"They have done a good job. Their efforts must be lauded. I hope that the album strikes a chord with the rock lovers.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16815496", "title": "Raj govt turns to Facebook to meet people", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan government is using social networking site 'Facebook' to publicise its programmes and policies and to ensure timely redressal of public grievances.\"Widely used social networking site today is the platform with greater reach among people, even in rural areas, so it was decided to use it,\" Lokesh Sharma, the member of State Public Grievances Committee said here today.\"It is not only to publicise the schemes and programmes, but also to help people in getting their grievance redressed to some extent,\" Sharma who created 'Apka Mukhyamantri' page on Facebook for the government said.Whatever the suggestions, complaint, and queries we receive through the page, we apprise the Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot with it, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16817541", "title": "Myanmar woman gives birth in Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: In an amazing turn of events, a young pregnant woman from Myanmar delivered a baby girl at Nampong in Arunachal's Changlang district, while she was on a shopping visit across the border, last Friday.Nampong is the venue of a traditional market that sits every Friday and sees people from Myanmar come and trade goods. The barter system is still prevalent in the age-old bazaar, although paper currency is fast catching up. Nampong, located along Stilwell Road which passes through Pangsau Pass, has been identified as the formal trading point between the two countries.Coming from a backward place where there are no hospitals, the young lady, pregnant with her first child, wasn't aware of her due date, officials from Nampong informed on Sunday.Friday being market day, when the border gates on both sides are opened up for trade, Sally (18), despite being in her ninth month of her pregnancy, walked about 12km from her village in Myanmar to the border town of Nampong. She is native of Khamteng village in Pangsong area of the neighbouring country.The route Sally walked from her village to Nampong goes through mountainous terrain. She was supposed to walk back home, carrying a load of goods she had bought from the market on her head. But just as she was planning to head back home, labour pain set in Sally raised an alarm, causing people in the busy marketplace to rush to her aid. Some locals tried to help Sally by taking her to a hospital, but her baby girl couldn't wait any longer and got herself delivered out in the open at the Nampong Assam Rifles check gate area. Later, with the help of the local people, Sally was admitted to the Nampong primary health centre, where both mother and baby are reportedly in good health, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16817180", "title": "Non-Hindu school kids evicted from Puri shrine", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Around 120 school students from Jamshedpur were on Sunday evicted from the Jagannath temple in Puri after it was found out that they were non-Hindus.The students and their teachers, who were ignorant of the temple rule, faced humiliation near the baisi pahanch (twenty-two steps) after a group of priests questioned their religion. They came to Puri on an excursion, sources said.\"Though all the students were Indians, many of them were non-Hindus. We immediately intervened and politely asked them to vacate the shrine precinct,\" temple's public relations officer Laxmidhar Pujapanda said. He denied the students and teachers were insulted by priests.The incident rekindled memories of unpalatable incidents, involving non-Hindus facing wrath from priests in the past. While foreigners were beaten up and thrown outside the shrine, an American woman last year cried inconsolably after being jeered at by a few priests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "16814904", "title": "Children drown while trying to save woman", "text": "BURDWAN: Four bravehearts, the youngest of them a 10-year-old girl, on Sunday rushed to rescue a drowning woman, whom none of them knew. While the woman was rescued by another local, the four children are feared to be dead.The tragedy occurred at Purbasthali Patuli's Narayanpur village under Kalna sub-division. The four - identified as Puspita Dey, 15, and Kuntol Saha, 11, of Narayanpur village and Radha Karmakar, 10, and Swati Das, 12, from Nabadwip - were sitting and chatting by the ghat when they saw Paromita Dey drowning.The woman was screaming for help and thus the children at once jumped into the river to rescue her. But they were all pulled away by the current. When a local Shyamal Bhagat saw the children drowning, he too jumped in and rescued the woman,but the children had already floated quite far by then. Later, a search operation was launched but they could not be traced.Tapan Chatterjee, Trinamool MLA of Purbasthali, said the response of the district administration had been very poor so far. \"They have neither sent a disaster management team nor trained swimmers. Lights have also been arranged by the locals for rescue operations,\" he alleged. Burdwan SP SMH Meerza said Nabadwip police station and Kalna police station have been alerted by Burdwan Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16816402", "title": "Cops want CCTV in pandals", "text": "RANCHI: The district administration has asked all puja pandals in the city to install CCTV cameras to ensure security in the five days of festivities. The cameras would help the police assess risk prone zones and keep a tab on troublemakers. The district police have also decided that a police officer would be deputed to each of the pandals, where CCTVs are installed, to monitor the crowd.There are a total of 137 puja pandals in Ranchi and over 50% of them organize puja on a large scale. Ranchi Mahanagar Durga Puja Samiti (RMDPS), the umbrella body of all the puja pandal organizers here, has also asked its members to install CCTVs. Last year, around half a dozen puja pandals had installed CCTVs to manage the crowd better. RMDPS officials said the installation of CCTVs had played a crucial role in maintaining safety and security. All puja committees are encouraged to install CCTVs. It is, however, not made mandatory so far.SSP Saket Kumar Singh said each puja committee would be provided with one trained policeman to monitor CCTV cameras. Singh said, \"The issue had come up during meetings and we have asked them (puja committees) to take necessary measures for safety and security.\"Maulesh Singh of RMDPS, who presided over a meeting of RMDPS youth brigade on Sunday, said, \"Not only at puja pandals, CCTVs would also be installed at important squares. More than puja pandals the spy cameras are required at roundabouts/squares where anti-socials create ruckus and tease girls.\"Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay , who was also part of the meeting, welcomed the decision. \"The organizers and the administration are equally responsible for safety. Not only at pandals, CCTVs should also be installed at important points where crowds gather,\" Sahay said in the meeting.Deputy commissioner Vinay Kumar Choubey said it is difficult for the district administration to install CCTVs at all pandals. \"We will look into the matter at the meetings with the puja committees,\" he said.After Sunday's meeting with Subodh Kant Sahay, RMDPS has decided to appeal to the district administration for providing spy cameras. \"We will request the DC to help us,\" said Maulesh Singh.Sanjay Sahay, an official of RMDPS, said installation of CCTV cameras would help women immensely. \"Chain snatching incidents have scared women. It would be difficult for them to enjoy during the festival if their security is not taken care of,\" said Sahay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16816941", "title": "Thieves strike SBI branch in PGGC-11, fail to steal money", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Thieves made a foiled attempt to steal cash from the State Bank of India's (SBI) branch at Post Graduate Government College, Sector 11, on Saturday night. They managed to enter the bank premises after breaking two front locks but could not lay their hands on the cash, as it was kept in an iron safe, which they were not able to break open. The SBI's branch is located just 15 metres from the main entrance of the college. Some tools including an iron rod, a part of a drilling machine and screwdriver were also recovered from the spot.The incident came to light around 8.30am when the college watchman, Bal Singh, noticed the broken locks and informed the bank and college authorities. The gatekeeper said the entrance gate of the college was closed around 11pm on Saturday night.A sniffer dog of the Chandigarh police's dog squad was pressed into service at the spot. Police have started scrutinizing the footage of CCTV cameras, installed in the bank premises.The SBI officials refused to make any comment and also did not give any details about how much cash was kept in the iron safe. DSP (central) Ashish Kapoor said prima facie thieves failed to break the iron safe and returned empty-handed, leaving the equipment they used on the spot.Police sources said recently the SBI authorities had shifted a huge amount of cash to the iron safe. A case of attempt to robbery was lodged at the Sector 11police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "surla", "code": "16815449", "title": "Mining meddle: No brides for many a groom", "text": "SURLA: The most common sight on the Surla-Pale-Velguem stretch of Bicholim taluka is that of dysfunctional mines, kulaghars and bachelors.Lush green kulaghars (plantations) featuring mainly slender areca nut trees and aromatic spice plantations run through the length and breadth of these sister villages. They are punctuated by paddy fields at every turn in the mud roads. With mining operations stopped, the verdant picture is the perfect example of appearances being deceptive.Look closer and mucky silt is part of the sweet-water streams that irrigate the kulaghars; dust particles float on drinking water in wells; and oil from mining trucks washed in higher areas of Surla float in the water of paddy fields below. Most stark is the sight of elderly women feeding fertilizer to trees in kulaghars against the backdrop of heaps of mined dumps and ravaged hills.Little wonder then that the region appeals little to brides-to-be.Velguem hardware store owner Prashant Sadhale is approaching middle-age. Several rejected proposals later, his marriage prospects look bleak. \"It is a social problem caused by mining,\" he says, \"Bachelors can be found in every other house here. Girls agree at first, but all changes when they see the village.\"He adds, \"Everything seems green now as the mines are not operational. Last year at this time, mining silt stuck to every leaf and flowed through every crevice of the village.\"A kulaghar owner from Surla, Uday Natekar, echoes Sadhale, \"I am past 35 and still unmarried. Girls in these three villages do not want to marry within the area as they can easily tie the knot elsewhere and escape the ill-effects of mining. And brides who have seen better while working in Panaji will never settle down for a groom from here. Never.\"An elderly farm help, Pandurang Pednekar, narrates how two grooms of a family \"made the mistake\" of wooing Maharashtrian brides. \"The girls agreed, but when they came to see their husbands' homes they ran away.\"Sadhale explains that women are willing to tie the knot only if the groom agrees to shift residence to neighbouring towns such as Ponda, kilometers away from respiratory illnesses and pothole-infested roads.While some grooms grab the opportunity, others prefer to tend to their ancestral kulaghars, some of which date back to almost 10 generations.It is not uncommon to seek proposals from girls living in other mining-afflicted regions like Sanguem or parts of Karnataka, who, the grooms here feel would be more tuned in to the hard life.According to Natekar, the problem is more acute in families that are well-off in terms of finances and social status. \"In the case of boys from poorer families in the village, they find girls as the brides want to get away from the financial crisis at their maternal homes. But those looking for educated and well-off brides stand little chance,\" he says.It only adds to the woes of the grooms that despite the lack of brides, inter-caste marriages are shunned upon in these villages.\"When mining was on, our relatives living in towns and cities would hate to visit our village even if it was for a puja. How then can we expect girls who have lived in better conditions to opt to settle here?\" asks an elderly woman in Pale.Refusing to give her name, she adds, \"If you go out even once in the day, your clothes are grime-covered and need to be washed. You sweep the house and within seconds mining dust settles down again. No potential bride wants a life of constant washing and cleaning.\"As we turn to leave, we ask a prospective groom if his chances are better now that the village looks a bit green, and pat comes the reply, \"If you know of a girl who is interested, why not?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16815299", "title": "'Flimsy reasons for Lokayukta delay'", "text": "PANAJI: IAC has warned that the government-appointed Lokayukta search committee should stop trying the patience of Goans weary of inaction against corruption.Observing that the appointment of Lokayukta has been delayed on one \"flimsy pretext\" or the other, IAC Goa Chapter coordinator, Valmiki Naik, said this has created a suspicion in the minds of people that such delays could be deliberate. While the two-week period granted to the said committee to suggest names for Goa Lokayukta has already passed, news reports suggest that even the notification to constitute the said search committee has not been issued so far.The government is expected to clarify whether it decided not to notify the said search committee headed by the advocate general because there was opposition from activists, and whether the government realized the validity of the questions raised regarding the objectivity and neutrality of such a committee consisting of advocate-general, law secretary and chief secretary, all government-appointed posts, Naik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16816853", "title": "Dharwad decks up for Dasara festival", "text": "DHARWAD: Cultural capital Dharwad is decked up the festival season. The 'Paksha Maasa'-a period when the devout Hindus perform the rituals to pay tributes to their departed ancestors- ends on Monday and the festive season begins on Tuesday with the commencement of Navaratri.One event the people of Dharwad will be waiting eagerly every year is Laxminarayan Temple fair during Navaratri. The nine-day fair will begin on Tuesday and will culminate with Dasara celebration on Vijaya Dashami. The Laxminarayan temple situated in Ravivar Pet is decorated and illuminated to mark the event. Built 96 years ago the temple still a favourite haunt for the people during Dasara festivities. The nine-day fair preceding Dasara attracts large number of people from not only Dharwad but also surrounding areas.The fair held in its traditional form has not lost its attraction and splendour despite emergence of other modern modes of entertainment. People cutting across caste and creed throng the temple decorated beautifully and have darshan of deity Laxmi Narayana who will have nine different 'avataras' (incarnation) during Navaratri.Glorious historyThe Ganesh festival celebrations in Pune inspired by Lok Manya Tilak had an impact in North Karnataka also. Krishnajirao Tikare who has witnessed Mysore Dasara decided that the Navaratri should be a public celebration and thus began the nine-day Navaratri in Laxmi Narayan temple. The festivities gained popularity as the years passed by.'Jatra' fervourThe fair also assumes importance for the womenfolk as this is the only occasion during the year they can buy some traditional household articles. Once the fair is over these articles will not be available elsewhere in the market. Besides the religious fervor, the fair also provides a chance to taste north Karnatak's delicious items like 'Mirchi', 'bhaji' and 'girmit'. Those who have left Dharwad and are now staying away from the city fondly remember the Navaratri utsav and the nostalgia associated with it.Jambo SawariThe latest addition to the festivities is jumbo savari on lines with Mysore Dasara. Two organizations have been holding the event since last couple of years separately. Cultural programmes on all the nine days will be organized at Shri Venkateshwar temple in Saraswatpur of Dharwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "16816944", "title": "Man locked up for 17 yrs, freed", "text": "DAVANAGERE: A youth, who had been locked up in a room for 17 years by his mother, was rescued on Saturday. During the period, the victim had to answer the nature's call in the room itself.The neighbours and the officials, who came to know about the confinement, rescued the victim, Keshvamurthy, who is now aged around 30.Police said that Keshvamurthy was locked up in the room since 1995 by his mother Chowdamma at Lakkampura village. His crime: Chowdamma wanted to become a 'Devadasi' (a tradition where girls are dedicated to the deity) and he objected to it.\"Chowdamma didn't allow her son to go out even to answer nature's call. She served food through the window of his room for 17 years,\" police said. Even now, she does not have any remorse for her action. \"As a boy, he used to beat us all. He objected when I said that I wanted to become a Devadasi,\" she reportedly told the police. After getting him a haircut at a saloon, the police took him to Nimhans for a check up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16818703", "title": "Indians prefer unlimited internet data plans: Survey", "text": "NEW DELHI: A majority of mobile phone users in India prefer unlimited internet data plans to usage-based plans, a survey by Ernst &amp; Young has found.\"In India almost 54 per cent of the respondents prefer unlimited mobile data for a fixed price per month,\" the survey, conducted across 12 countries including the US, the UK, China, Australia and Russia , to highlight short- and medium-term issues faced by operators, said.The survey said confusion over data tariffs and lack of guidance from operators on the value of new services are limiting the adoption of mobile data services.\"One in three respondents say they cannot understand mobile data tariffs effectively while only one in five customers claim that they can make an accurate judgement as to what the best tariff option is,\" the survey said.In India, 31 per cent of the respondents said they clearly understand mobile data tariffs offered by operators, which is the highest among others.In the US, only 16 per cent respondents said they can understand the data plans, as many as 24 per cent understand data plans in the UK and Russia.\"It is imperative for mobile operators to spread more awareness about the improved security and privacy features enabling the end consumer to effectively access mobile Internet services, especially in case of mobile money transfer or payment through mobile services,\" Ernst &amp; Young Global Partner Prashant Singhal said.The survey said rising smartphone take-up means that more than 1 in 3 mobile customers are using services such as web browsing, instant messaging and social media on their devices.The survey finds that 3G customers are a high-value segment and in India, the average monthly spend of post-paid and pre-paid 3G users stand at $ 43 and $ 27 respectively, while in US, the figures stand at $ 115 and $ 78.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16814176", "title": "Biological mother, surrogate deliver on same day in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The joys of parenthood eluded Yogesh Sharma and his wife Reena for 14 long years despite trying out the latest medical treatment. But the pain they suffered was alleviated one fine day. Both Reena and the surrogate they hired simultaneously became pregnant. On October 12, the couple got two children as both the mother and the surrogate delivered on the same day.\"I had only heard of God's generosity, but I experienced it for the first time when I held my son and daughter, delivered through two different wombs. This is the most precious gift we have received\", said Sharma, who is in the defence forces and lives in Delhi. The couple came to Gujarat's Anand to hire a surrogate.\"This is one of the rare cases where both the natural mother and surrogate get pregnant simultaneously. This is the first such double pregnancy and delivery at our centre and the first in India as well,\" says surrogacy specialist Dr Naina Patel who has made Anand the world's surrogacy capital.The Sharma couple is seeing this as a miracle. \"We had lost hope. I underwent four procedures of artificial insemination and four in vitro fertilization ( IVF) cycles. All these did not result in a pregnancy\", says Reena.The distraught couple decided to adopt. When they applied, the waiting period was two-and-a-half years. As both were nearing 40, they decided to use the waiting period to try out surrogacy instead.\"The embryo was implanted on February 27 and we were overjoyed to hear that the surrogate mother had conceived on March 5. Our happiness knew no bounds when Reena too became pregnant on March 12,\" says Yogesh.When the surrogate mother got labour pains on October 12, Reena decided to go for cesarean section so that the children are born on the same day.(Names of the couple have been withheld to protect heir identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16819198", "title": "Sadiya Siddiqui, Raymon Singh join hands for Shapath!", "text": "Certain section of media reported about Life OK's Humne Li Hai Shapath , produced by Fireworks is all set to bid adieu to the channel but reports suggests that the channel is still contemplating on the final decision.In the midst, the latest we have heard is, seasoned actress Raymon Singh, last seen in Color's Chal Sheh Aur Maat and Sadiya Siddiqui, who recently acted in an episodic of Channel V's Gumrah-The end of Innocence is all set to make their presence felt on Humne Li Hai... Shapath .The plot for this particular episode revolves around a couple, whose daughter goes missing for almost 8 to 9 years. Later on, it gets revealed that property matter is the major reason behind the whole missing drama.Sadiya essays the mother of the missing daughter while Raymon will portray the character of Sadiya's sister in law.When contacted, Sadiya states, \"It's a wonderful episode and we have almost completed the entire shoot except the last climax. Talking on my return to daily soaps then I would rather say 'no' at least for now.\"Raymon Singh on the other hand confirms, \"Well, its always fun working with fireworks. To add on, I love doing episodic stories as I get different characters to essay.\"This particular episode will hit the screen sometimes in the next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16815158", "title": "Newspaper owner booked for worker's murder", "text": "NAGPUR: A former employee of Marathi daily Deshonnati, which is a leading language paper in the region, died after being shot by the bodyguard of its editor-in-chief and owner Prakash Pohare at 5.15pm on Saturday. Rajendra Dupare, a security guard at the paper's printing press unit at Gondkhairi which is in the outskirts of the city, and other ex-employees were having a meeting with Pohare when the gruesome incident took place.While the enraged workers alleged that Pohare snatched the gun and fired at Dupare, the editor claimed that he was at least 100 feet away when the incident took place. Police, however, said it was gunman Harikrishna Dwivedi who fired the shot after being instigated by Pohare. However, Pohare has been booked along with Dwivedi and a couple of other unidentified persons, under Section 302 IPC for murder and also under the Arms Act.So far, Kalmeshwar police have arrested Dwivedi who is believed to have been in an inebriated condition. Pohare, who fled the scene, is still at large.The employees had been laid-off by Pohare and the printing press shut down since the last one month. The paper was being printed in another press. The upset employees were trying to work out a deal with Pohare who had arrived for the meeting with 5 private security guards, including a gunman.A scuffle ensued following which Dwivedi is alleged to have fired the shot hitting Dupare in the stomach. The security guard died soon after being brought to the Government Medical College and Hospital in the city. Outraged by the incident, the Deshonnati ex-workers gathered at GMCH and raised slogans for the immediate arrest of Pohare.According to the workers, around 205 people were employed at the Deshonnati printing press. Since the last few months, they have been protesting for non-payment of salaries. On September 7, the workers went on strike. Four days ago, Pohare declared the closure of the press and as per the laws sent the salaries of all the employees.On Saturday morning, before staging the protest, the employees even submitted a letter to the cops claiming that Pohare had \"threatened\" them for protesting and would take \"harsh action\". \"Since he threatened us, we informed the police,\" said one of the workers. Pohare too had informed the police of an impending threat from his former workers.Around 5pm on Saturday, Kalmeshwar police inspector S Maitre visited the press. Finding everything to be in order, he left. The firing took place 20 minutes after Maitre returned to the police station.\"Pohare asked Dupare to leave as he had been paid his salary. Later, the security guards too threatened Dupare. We tried to help him and during the tiff Pohare ordered the gunman to fire, which he did while pointing to the ground. Pohare then took the weapon and shot Dupare,\" said Kamlakar Belekar, an eyewitness and a colleague of Dupare.The workers then thrashed Dwivedi while Pohare managed to flee. Kalmeshwar police were informed immediately and Dwivedi handed over to them.Rural SP Manoj Sharma said that the shot was fired from a 12 bore rifle. \"Prima facie it's clear that only one round has been fired,\" he said.\"I heard the shot being fired and fled from the spot. I immediately informed Manoj Sharma who asked me to leave the scene,\" Pohare told TOI.Sources informed that the controversy between the workers and Pohare had begun in 2009. On December 16, the workers had damaged machineries and protested for three months. Later, the dispute was settled mutually.The fight picked up again in September this year. The matter was taken in court where as per the magistrate's order Pohare paid the workers salary for three months. He then shut the printing press down on October 9.Pohare started Deshonnati in Akola in 1986. The paper is being published from Nagpur since the last 10 years. Known for taking up the case of farmer welfare, Pohare also runs a bank (Nishant Multi-State Co-operative Bank) and a cable network (Nishant Satellite Communications Network) in Akola. He was earlier the general secretary of cotton growers' association. A couple of years ago, Pohare was alleged to have abetted the suicide of Deshonnati city reporter Manoj Padmagiri who claimed harassment from the editor in his personal notes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16816407", "title": "Coconut oil cure for many health problems: Experts", "text": "RANCHI: The secret of good health lies inside the kernel, believe dieticians. So they are pitching for coconut oil in food in order to prevent various ailments.Experts say coconut oil is healthier than mustard oil and helps to digest food faster. \"North Indians are hardly aware of the advantages of coconut oil,\" said senior dietician at Rajendra Institute of Medical Science (RIMS) Kumari Meenakshi, adding that the North Indians are apprehensive about giving up the age-old habit of using mustard oil for cooking.Changing food habits have led to many health problems. According to experts, coconut oil can help avoid such complications. \"Coconut oil is easy to digest due to the presence of medium chain fatty acids, which is soluble in water unlike refined vegetable oils, which has long chain fatty acid. As indigestion leads to further problems, including abdominal pain, irritability and lack of concentration, I would recommend people to use it while making dishes like salad dressing where few drops of coconut oil can be used,\" said Meenakshi.\"Also, coconut oil is an immediate source of energy and is light on the liver as well. It is considered very healthy due to high fibre and nutritional contents,\" she said, adding that it has anti-microbial properties, which help prevent indigestion.Coconut oil has other healing properties. Virgin coconut oil has anti-bacterial, anti-viral and anti-fungal components, which help in treating various infectious diseases, including jaundice and coughs, according to Meenakshi.\"We do cook food in coconut oil but here we do not get the exact cooking oil and have to compromise with the oil that is otherwise commonly used for oiling hair. \"I used to get it from my home town village and usually use the refined oil for cooking. The coconut oil for cooking is very different from the hair oil. Here due to non availability we also have changed our habits,\" said Srilatha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16816625", "title": "2 minor girls married off to settle dispute", "text": "A tribal council in Pakistan's southern Sindh province ordered the marriage of two minor girls to settle a dispute between two families under the controversial custom of 'vani', triggering protests by local residents. A 'wadera' or landlord named Peeral Chachar presided over the jirga that gave away the girls in marriage to settle a dispute that began when Shah Mohammad Chachar and Hayatan, both residents of Gaji Chachar village, married against the will of their parents some months ago. Hayatan's family called for the local jirga to be convened and Peeral Chachar presided over the meeting of the council. The landlord issued a directive against Shah Mohammad Chachar and Hayatan and imposed a fine of Rs 400,000. He also ordered that Shah Mohammad's 10-year-old niece Allah Diwai and his six-year-old niece Sassui should be given in marriage to Hayatan's relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16814614", "title": "Navratri this year bigger than ever", "text": "HYDERABAD: It's that time of the year again when skinny jeans and LBDs (little black dresses) are replaced with chaniya cholis and ghagras, and city pubs are no longer the most happening spots as denizens flock to the various venues organising garba and dandiya nights.Navratri is no longer confined to the Gujarati or Marwari communities with Telugus, Punjabis, Sindhis and Bengalis here taking a keen interest in the festival and organisers of Navratri special events claiming that the budgets and the footfall have gone up by nearly 50 per cent in the past few years.Although the festival begins on Tuesday, the Navratri fever has already gripped the city with denizens enrolling themselves in dandiya and garba workshops and attending some special pre-Navratri events and contests.Organised at a budget of around Rs 1.5 crore, some of the biggest dandiya events in the city have managed to rope in big ticket sponsors and are expecting at least 12,000 people to visit the venue daily. Out of the total budget nearly Rs 3 lakh is spent only on the massive sound equipment while the orchestra costs another Rs 1.5 lakh. With such huge crowds, the tight security measures including multiple bouncers, CCTV cameras and guards too take up at least Rs 50,000.Mukesh Ojha, one of the organisers of Nandu Bilal Navratri Dandiya Utsav held at Malla Reddy Gardens in Bowenpally said, \"Previous year, on the last day of the event around 18,000 people turned up at the venue and we were forced to close the gates as the area was packed.\"This time we are expecting even more people to come forward. The number of non-Gujaratis and non-Marwaris attending these events too has increased multifold.\" He added that this year, the venue is being decorated in the theme 'Brindavan' centered around the Radha Krishna dieties and popular singers from singing reality shows will be performing at the event.Organisers of other events like the Naamdhari dandiya festival organised at Imperial Gardens in Secunderabad and Garbarass Ni Rumjhut, a garba competition held recently in the city too noted a tremendous increase in interest towards the festival among the people belonging to other communities.This is also reflected in the rising number of people enrolling for dandiya classes and garba workshops in the city. Ambika Jain, who has been organising a dandiya workshop in the city for the past 10 years said, \"We got around 800 enquiries for the workshop and this is increasing by at least 20 per cent every year. The number of such classes and workshops too has increased from around two or three 10 years ago, to a minimum of 10 across the city now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16814787", "title": "Saurabh, Basant stage a late rally for East Zone", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Saurabh Tiwary wasn't his usual flamboyant self but East Zone will be indebted to his gritty unbeaten 84 (267m, 10x4, 6x1) that spared them the blushes on Day 1 of their Duleep Trophy semifinal against South Zone.Their insistence on not running singles netted East Zone just 187-6 after a delayed start at the ACA-VDCA Stadium on Sunday. But the southpaw's unbroken 121-run partnership with No. 8 Basant Mohanty (51, 147m, 3x4, 6x2) meant they can begin Day Two in a better frame of mind than they were in after South skipper Vinay Kumar put them in to make the best use of the 'juice' in the wicket.Justifying his decision, Vinay Kumar struck in his second over by removing left-handed Dheeraj Jadhav wo was caught by Amit Verma at first slip. Abhimanyu Mithun , off radar to begin with, discovered the virtue of hitting the right areas when Manish Verma doubled up in pain after being hit by a wicked one and duly edged the next to Manish Pandey at second slip.Vinay's tight leash had the desired effect. Skipper Nataraj Behera chanced his arm off Stuart Binny's first delivery and the intended pull was gobbled up by his opposite number running to his right at mid-on. And when Binny struck again three deliveries later when Anustup Majumdar edged a peach to wicketkeeper CM Gautham, lunch, at 33 for four, was perhaps farthest on East Zone's mind.Biplab Samantray did not last long on resumption and when SP Gautam also succumbed cheaply, East Zone were reduced to 66 for six. South will rue not landing the sucker punch but it was not for want of trying. With the afternoon sun making the pitch more conducive for batting, Tiwary found an ideal foil in Mohanty as they went about rebuilding the ruins their innings resembled.The session between lunch and tea, extended by half-hour to make up for time lost in making the bowler run-ups suitably dry, suited the duo just fine. They realised an even 100 in the period that saw the southpaw grow in confidence with each delivery he faced after a cracking off-driven four off Mithun.The South Zone skipper tried all the resources at his disposal but equally stout was Mohanty's defence.When play was called off 18 minutes inside extended time due to bad light, East had reason to believe there is light at the end of the tunnel, courtesy the unbroken partnership (147m, 194b).Brief score: East Zone (1st Innings) 187/6 (S Tiwary n.o. 84, B Mohanty n.o. 51; AMithun 2/17, S Binny 2/13)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16819244", "title": "NIA wants to tap phones, monitor social media without involving telcos", "text": "NEW DELHI: NIA has approached Department of Telcom requesting for installation of Central Monitoring System (CMS), a mechanism which provides for interception of telephone calls and monitoring of social networking sites without any involvement of telecom service providers.A letter written by inspector general (intelligence and operation) Loknath Behera to deputy director general (security) Ram Narian requested for installation of the CMS facility for the organisation once its fully functional.Officials of National Investigation Agency, which was set up in the aftermath of 26/11 Mumbai attacks, had a series of meetings with Centre for Development of Telematics (C-DoT), an organisation which has been tasked by the government to build the CMS project.The C-DoT's CMS provides call interception, monitoring, analysis of social networking of the target data and ensures end-to-end secured work flow as per the requirements of law enforcement agencies to address threats and unlawful activities of anti-social elements.The NIA informed the DoT that some of its officials had attended training for Central Monitoring System at one of the C-DoT facility.\"NIA is keen to get connection of CMS project once it is fully functional. We have been advised by the C-DoT to get an approval from DoT... its, therefore, requested that approval for connection of CMS project may be accorded in favour of NIA,\" the letter said.At present, NIA is tapping eight phones out of which two were added recently in the month of August.C-DoT was appointed as the nodal agency for the Central Monitoring System project which was started at an estimated outlay of around Rs 170 crore by the government in the aftermath of leak of tapes related to conversation of corporate lobbyist Neera Radia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16815245", "title": "One booked for misappropriation", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda police booked Devu Sawal, a resident of Sawantwadi for allegedly misappropriating 5,94,024 from Pepsi bottling over the last three years. No person was arrested until late on Saturday evening,According to cops, Sawal, who was working as a depot manager of the company at Bethora has not deposited the amount collected from the customers. The police have booked the offence under Section 408 (Criminal breach of trust by clerk or servant) of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16817151", "title": "\u2018Golf has no scope in city\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Six feet two with a swing that almost goes 360 degrees, he hits the ball high and long; and as the small white dimpled ball vanishes against the white sky, you cannot but help appreciate his talent.Viren Thapar, who at 15 is being considered as a player to watch out for by the senior golfers of Ludhiana, belongs to a family of doctors but was never discouraged from pursuing a career in golf.He has been taking personal lessons from Jesse Grewal in Chandigarh. \"I go there twice a week or sometimes during school days, once a week. During my holidays I stay in Chandigarh. I am thinking of shifting to Chandigarh after Class X as there isn't too much scope for improvement in Ludhiana.\"Lack of high quality coaches in Punjab, according to him, is the reason most of the top golfers on junior circuit either come from Chandigarh, Delhi or down south. And as he strives for greatness - to become the most successful golfer on USPGA tour - his goal is to go to America for further coaching after Class XII. And though a Tiger Woods fan, he says he idolizes Rory Mcilroy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16817476", "title": "First-aid training for policemen", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Mumbai-based Ziqitza Health Care Limited conducted a first-aid training programme for officers of the Fort police station here on Sunday. The session aimed at preparing police officers manage emergency situations. Ziqitza also held a class on the service and role of police officers as first responders in emergency situations.A free medical check-up was also conducted for over 20 police officers who attended the programme.\"We are extremely satisfied with the first-aid session. The success of this programme has inspired us to plan a similar session for student police cadets,\" said S Y Suresh, circle inspector of police, Fort police station.Ziqitza runs the 108 chain of ambulances in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16817373", "title": "Railways start work on fire safety system", "text": "CHENNAI: Indian Railways seems to have learnt some lessons from recent fire accidents. Railways has initiated a detailed study to observe the spread of fire inside a running train to develop a smoke detection system that can be fitted inside sleeper coaches.Research Design and Standards Organisation (RDSO) has invited expression of interest from firms to develop a coach diagnostic information system that will detect fire or smoke and detect flaws to bearing , brake binding, pressure of air suspension, pressure in brake cylinder , coach dynamics and airconditioner system and alert nearest railway station or control centre, said RDSO director general V Ramachandran .Railways hopes that the system, which will be implemented in phases , will help minimise fire accidents and improve safety of running trains. RDSO is edging closer to installing smoke and fire detection system inside airconditioned coaches, but the challenge is to have a similar system inside sleeper coaches which are prone to dust.Conventional fire and smoke detection devices work only in closed environment and are not suitable for sleeper coaches because dust and high noise level may trigger false alarms. The fire on Tamil Nadu Express, which killed 32 passengers in a sleeper coach near Nellore in July, spread so quickly that passengers did not get time to escape. A diagnostic system would help prevent such accidents because it will send an alert through a GPS or GPRS system if any component of a coach is faulty.\"RDSO has developed a fire detection system to detect fire in a coach and send an alarm. A prototype has been fitted to understand the system. However, a reliable solution to detect fire in non-AC coaches still eludes us,\" he said.Ramachandran said that \"as a first step, RDSO was working to evolve standards for dust intrusion in non-AC coaches and reduce noise levels.\" Railways is also planning to improve coaches by using fire retardant materials from floor to ceiling, high performance engineering plastics in windows, panels , partitions and seating when coaches are taken up for mid-life rehabilitation at coach factories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "asansol", "code": "16815212", "title": "Gang-rape victim ignores threats, vows to fight back", "text": "ASANSOL: The first-year polytechnic student, who was allegedly drugged and gang-raped by some of her seniors last Tuesday in the college union room, is determined to see the offenders get punished. Even after receiving threat calls to settle the case mutually and over three hours of interrogation by police on Sunday, the victim was firm on her claims and refused to withdraw the complaint.On Sunday, Abhijit Dutta - head of the department of mining engineering of Asansol Polytechnic College - was appointed the new principal of the polytechnic college in Rupnarayanpur. It may be recalled that former principal Rituparno Bose was suspended on Saturday evening by technical education minister Rabiranjan Chattopadhyay.The decision was taken after a five-member team of the technical education department, headed by additional director Saibal Mukhopadhyay, visited the college and talked with the students and the teachers. The ACP (W) of Asansol-Durgapur police, Tanmoy Mukherjee, also visited the college on Saturday.In the report submitted to Chattopadhyay, the panel claimed Bose had no knowledge that outsiders had free entry into the college and liquor parties were held regularly on campus. He also did not bother to lodge a police complaint after the sexual assault on October 9. Moreover, he denied that the fresher was gang-raped.While on their tour of the campus, the team found empty alcohol bottles strewn all about the students' union room, barely 10 to 12 feet away from the principal's room.A team from the Asansol-Durgapur police commissionerate visited the victim's house in Chittaranjan on Sunday and talked to her and her father. ADCP (west) Subrata Ganguly and OC of Asansol women police station Shampa Bose accompanied the team.However, police are yet to arrest the accused even though 48 hours have passed since a formal FIR was lodged. Mithilesh Ojha, known to have criminal antecedents, is a resident of Mihijam on the Bengal-Jharkhand border. Thus police have sought help from Dhanbad Police to track him, sources said. Police also raided the houses of prime accused Samyo Mondal in Hooghly's Rishra and Avik Ghosh in Galsi, but neither of them could be found. Their cell phones are switched off.In the report submitted to Rabiranjan Chattopadhyay, the panel claimed Bose had no knowledge that outsiders had free entry into the college and liquor parties were taking place regularly on campus. He also did not bother to lodge a police complaint after the sexual assault on October 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16815501", "title": "Swiss tourist found dead in Pushkar hotel", "text": "AJMER: A 65-year-old tourist from Switzerland was found dead at a hotel in Pushkar town on Sunday. Police suspect that he was suffering from some life-threatening stomach disease for a long time. However, they said that it could be confirmed only after post mortem.According to the police, the deceased, identified as Messy, had come to Pushkar on October 9 and was saying at Hotel Giridhar near the bus stand.Hotel owner Chotu Sankhala said that the tourist had visited a doctor on Saturday. \"He had been complaining of stomach pain and visited a doctor. We came to know that he has a medical history of some stomach disease,\" said the owner.The police said that documents which were found with him were being examined. \"We have sought the help of the forensic experts and government doctors to ascertain the nature of his disease. A forensic examination of his room was conducted after his body was found. However, we found nothing suspicious,\" said a police officer.The hotel owner said that he had come down to the hotel's reception in the morning and demanded a glass of juice. \"He looked pale. He then went back to his room. The room service staff soon found him lying on the bed. We informed the police. He was rushed to hospital where he was declared dead,\" said the owner.The police have informed the Switzerland embassy. \"We are yet to get a response. The post mortem will be conducted only in the presence of embassy officials or after getting an authorization letter approving the post mortem,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16819524", "title": "Kejriwal suspends Delhi protest, announces next expose on October 17", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a surprise move, India Against Corruption activist Arvind Kejriwal announced on Monday afternoon temporary suspension of his agitation in Delhi against Union law minister Salman Khurshid and said that he will now take the protest to the minister's constituency Farrukhabad.The announcement came as a surprise, as Kejriwal had all along maintained that he would continue with the protest till Salman Khurshid tenders his resignation.Kejriwal also announced that his next expose against a politician will be on October 17 instead of Tuesday.Kejriwal hit out at Prime Minister for refusing to meet a delegation of the disabled and announced that he refused to consider Manmohan Singh as his PM.Earlier in the day, Kejriwal launched another round of attack on law minister Salman Khurshid.Accusing Salman Khurshid of tampering with evidence, Kejriwal said if the law minister is given 10 days he will destroy all the proof in the case.Kejriwal once again alleged irregularities in the functioning of Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust and produced 'evidence' to substantiate his charge of bogus beneficiaries.He claimed that names and facts were misrepresented in the list provided by Khurshid's trust.Kejriwal claimed that some of the beneficiaries, whom the trust claimed to have given appliances, had actually died years ago. He also claimed that there were several names on the list that did not exist.To prove his point, he produced on stage a social activist from Mainpuri in Uttar Pradesh, who claimed that despite all efforts they had failed to trace some of the beneficiaries at the addresses provided by the trust in the list.He further said that some of the beneficiaries named in the list were not actually disabled.Another beneficiary on the stage claimed that he had a disability in his legs and was given no aid by the trust.Kejriwal also reiterated his charge of nexus between the Centre and UP government and said the probe by the state government will not reveal anything.He alleged that Salman Khurshid will ensure smooth sailing for Mulayam Singh in the DA case and in return Akhilesh will save the law minister in the UP govt probe against his trust.\"There is enough evidence building up but the question is who will conduct an investigation. Akhilesh Yadav? A case of disproportionate assets is pending against his father Mulayam Singh in Supreme Court. The law minister will appoint the government lawyer against Mulayam.\"Now Khurshid will save Mulayam Singh and Mulayam's son will save Khurshid,\" Kejriwal said.Meanwhile, UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has said that he will not comment on the case till the probe is completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16814144", "title": "AFSPA in J&K; can\u2019t be revoked: Shinde", "text": "SRINAGAR: Notwithstanding the improvement in the security situation in the Valley, Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde ruled out the revocation of the contentious Armed Forces Special Powers Act here on Sunday.The Act gives sweeping powers to the Army including to arrest without a warrant anyone who has committed offence or even suspected of having done so, and to enter any premise to make such arrests. Chief minister Omar Abdullah has been campaigning hard with the Centre for its removal.\"There's marked improvement in the security situation in the state. With further improvements, AFSPA can be revoked partially, but it wouldn't be wise to take any chances at the moment,\" Shinde told reporters after a function at the Congress office here.Shinde further said the process of reduction of footprints of paramilitary forces from the state will continue with improvement in the overall situation, adding that the Central government will provide all possible assistance to the state for fighting militancy and building peace in the state.Later in the day, responding to Kashmiri youth demanding more recruitment in the security forces, Shinde promised to hold on-the-spot recruitment drive of local youth into para-military forces.Shinde, who visited the shrine of Sufi saint Hazrat Sheikh Noor-ud-Din Wali, at the historic Chrar-e-Sharief, told the gathering that it was his keen desire to pay obeisance at Hazratbal. He said the recruitment will be held near the shrine.Finally, a delegation of Akhil Bharatiya Gujjar Mahasabha of J&K; met Shinde to highlight the fears of panchas and sarpanchas with mounting threats from the militants. Eshfaq-ur-Rehman Poswal, the Mahasabha chief, submitted a memorandum to Shinde highlighting the issues facing the Gujjar and Bakerwal tribes.\"They have never compromised with any anti-nationalist movement or agencies, for which they had to lose their life and property. They are always harassed and threatened by anti-nationalists and separatists,\" Poswal told the home minister. There is growing demand among them to secure tribal panchayat officials from militant attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16815750", "title": "Three-day theatre workshop ends", "text": "PATNA: The Premchand Rangshala will no more echo with the rehearsal sound of American actors from Arena Stage , Washington DC , with the local children, as the three-day theatre workshop, 'Voices of Now India', concluded on Sunday.The third and the concluding day of the workshop was especially dedicated to the translators, group of university theatre artists, who helped the American team, headed by Ashley Norman, in translation and imparting training to the local children.With a few farewell speeches and valuable suggestions to the translators, the last day of the workshop saw some nostalgic moments when actors shared warm hugs with them. \"Now, you too possess this skill. So, you are no more only translators, but you are trainers. I am sure you will become the voice of all the suppressed voices around you,\" said Raymond, one of the members, to the translators.The actors were overwhelmed by the performance of the children in the play on Saturday and applauded the efforts of the translators, who included Pooja Singh, Apurba Paul, Ruby Singhania, Sangya Chaudhary, Amritendu Ghosal, Prabhat Jha, Mohi Narayan, members of Indian People's Theatre Association (IPTA), and students from A N College.Anita, one of the members of the American team, revealed that teaching the same techniques to the children in Kolkata took three days, but in Patna, they learnt everything within six hours and also performed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16815187", "title": "Citizens in dark about tinted glass rule", "text": "The traffic police's zealous crackdown on dark films on car windows has taken Mumbaikars by utter surprise, with many of them arguing that the authorities should have spread awareness before conducting the uncompromising drive.Nearly 5,000 drivers have been booked and Rs 5 lakh collected in fines since the campaign against sun-protection films was launched on October 11. The drive was launched following a Supreme Court order that was implemented across the country on May 4, prohibiting the pasting of dark films on vehicles' windscreens and windowpanes, a common practice followed by motorists often to shield against the sun. The order was issued in a bid to check the rising incidents of crimes committed inside vehicles, with culprits taking advantage of the films blocking the view into cars.The SC order says car manufacturers may produce vehicles with tinted glasses where visual light transmission is 70% for windscreens and 40% for side glasses (windowpane). \"But the tinted glasses provided by car manufacturers usually allow visual light transmission of a mere 20%, making it difficult for the AC to work efficiently, given Indian weather,\" said a motorist.Anil Joseph, who was stopped by the police at Bandra-Worli Sea Link, was told that he would have to peel off the films from the side glasses. \"But the regional transport office allowed films on glasses. You could get a certificate saying the films were authorized by it,\" he said. \"If there is a change in guidelines, shouldn't the authorities inform us in advance and mention the date of implementation?\" When Joseph argued with the police that the film was transparent enough for anyone to see inside his car, he was fined. When he refused to pay, he was issued a challan and asked to appear before Bandra court on October 29.Activist Rishi Agarwal also feels the RTO should have conducted an awareness drive and given motorists time to remove the films.RTO officials also admitted that the department did not inform people of the guidelines. \"The traffic police issued circulars and we presumed that people were aware of the change,\" said an official. Though another official passed the buck to the traffic cops, it is actually a joint campaign of both. \"We have issued directives to all car manufacturers and dealers about the dark films and tinted glasses. We are also not passing any car during registration, if there are dark films on windows,\" said an RTO official. Senior traffic police officials said they were strictly following the SC order, which stated that the police should not only book offenders but also ensure that films pasted on safety glasses be removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16815413", "title": "SGPDA issues stop-work order to builder", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa planning and development authority (SGPDA) on Saturday issued a stop-work order to a private real estate company, directing it to stop any digging or other development or construction activity on their project sites behind the power house, Aquem-Margao.The SGPDA order comes following complaints filed by the Navelim civic and consumer forum and the subsequent inspection carried out by the water resources department (WRD) on the grounds that 'in the event the development is allowed to continue, the underground table will be rapidly diminished leading to drying up of the surrounding water bodies, including wells, and make cultivation impossible'.SGPDA further issued and a show cause notice asking the company to show sufficient cause within 15 days, failing which the SGPDA would proceed to act against it.SGPDA member secretary Rajesh Naik further pointed out that the land clearly belonged to the comunidade.WRD's senior hydrologist N Sonasundaram had inspected the site on August 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16815499", "title": "Woman dies after sister rams car into electric pole", "text": "MUMBAI: A 22-year-old woman died after her sister rammed their car into an electric pole on the Western Express Highway in Goregaon (E) on Sunday morning.The accused, Parul Khurana (24), told the cops she had lost control of their Accent. Parul and the deceased, Gunjan, were on their way to Bandra. They were accompanied by their brother.The mishap took place opposite Hub mall on the south-bound stretch of the highway.The Khuranas come from an affluent family in Upper Govind Nagar in Malad (E). Around 7.30am, Parul was at the wheel of the Accent and Gunjan was seated to her left. The car was allegedly being driven at a high speed and Parul lost control, causing the vehicle to climb over the footpath and hit an electric pole.\"Both the sisters sustained injuries. They were rushed to a private hospital where Gunjan succumbed to her wounds. Parul wasn't arrested immediately as she was being treated,\" a police officier said. Late on Sunday, Parul was discharged from the hospital. The police said they are yet to conduct a blood-alcohol test on her. \"Parul has been booked under Section 304 (A) of the Indian Penal Code. We are investigating further,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16814756", "title": "Secunderabad Cantonment Board expects Rs 60 Cr after triennial tax revision", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Secunderabad Cantonment Board (SCB) has completed the triennial revision of property tax of around 300 commercial establishments in its jurisdiction and hopes to get revenue of Rs 60 crore. The Cantonment Board took up triennial revision after a gap of 10 years.Before issuing the revision notices, the Cantonment Board had formed special teams and visited all the commercial properties in the SCB area. The teams completed the process within six months.\"Around 300 commercial establishments are located in the Cantonment area. Most of the commercial properties are located on the Secunderabad Club-Trimulgherry ( Rajiv Rahadari), Tadbund X roads-Bowenpally Police Station, Diamond Point-Monda Market, Tadbund X Roads-Bapuji Nagar stretches. As per the committee's recommendations, we have fixed different rates for commercial establishments based on the location,\" SCB chief executive officer S Balakrishna told TOI. He said triennial revision notices were served on owners of functions halls illegally operating out of 40 old grant bungalows (OGBs) as they have been categorised under commercial category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16816873", "title": "Badlands of Bangalore University", "text": "BANGALORE: Saturday night's gang rape of an NLSIU student on the Jnanabharathi campus was waiting to happen. Only on September 27, unidentified men robbed an autorickshaw driver and his wife of their valuables on the campus. The miscreants tried to molest the woman but she escaped by biting the hand of one of the men.No arrests have been made in the case, till date.Police claim they have taken several steps to ensure that the rule of law prevails on BU campus. They cite the incident of including transferring of a police inspector who was \"not performing\" .This crime incident was a repeat of a similar gang rape that took place seven years ago on the campus. In 2005, a 30-year-old woman was raped by taxi drivers. From that time, there were many plans made to restrict the movement of outsiders within the campus . New gates were erected and plans to restrict the movement of traffic within the campus at night, but under the pressure from BBMP and the residents living nearby, this plan had to be shelved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16814320", "title": "Lecturer booked for trying to kill landlord", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: A lecturer was booked for allegedly attempting to kill his landlord on Sunday over a dispute. The accused, J Dhanvantri, 27, slit the throat of Chander Rao, 48, with a sharp knife after a heated argument broke over a parked car. Rao, husband of former corporator Pushpanjali, was rushed to a private hospital where he is out of danger. Dhanvantri, who stays at Rao's house in Chaitanya Nagar, Maddilapalem, parked his vehicle in front of the gate when Rao was taking his car out. Both argued over this and in a fit of rage, Dhanvantri attacked Rao. Station house officer of III Town PS K L Murthy said they have launched a manhunt for Dhanvantri who is absconding. Rao is a YSR Congress leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16815398", "title": "Tree cover stripped to 3% in 30 years", "text": "KOLKATA: The city is graying at a much faster rate than the city planners expect. Only a massive greening drive can pull Kolkata from the brink but it doesn't look like anyone is giving serious thought to it.There has been a quantum jump in vehicle count and pollution in the last decade, and a drastic fall in the green cover.Greening the city is again nobody's baby. The involvement of multiple agencies without any real plan or fixed accountability makes the entire process a joke.Turning Kolkata into a green city was one of Mamata Banerjee's first promises after taking charge as chief minister last year. On the annual Forest Day, she called for the plantation of 1 crore saplings. But a year on, the figure looks a long, long way off.\"The green-cover, which was more than 15% even till the late '80s, has come down to less than 3%, with mind-blowing real-estate growth,\" said Ravi Menon, president of Indian Tree Foundation.Strangely, those entrusted with the task of the city's greening - the Parks and Gardens wing of Kolkata Municipal Corporation - claimed to be \"overworked\", under-staffed and ill-trained.On the other hand, the forest department's urban recreational forestry wing sits idle with a 450-strong force, four horticulturists and a large number of nurseries. \"The authority for allowing tree-felling for any project rests with the forest department but there is hardly any agency to check whether compensatory afforestation was carried out,\" said Green activist Subhas Datta.Nearly half of the 315 parks in Kolkata are encroached, says a study by the Kolkata Municipal Corporation. Ironically, the study concedes that in 24% cases, KMC itself is the guilty party.A KMDA study has revealed that several wards in the city do not even have 1% open space. Some wards have as little as 0.1% to 0.3% open space, said former geographical information expert with urban planning body Tapas Ghatak.The lack of co-ordination among civic authorities does not end there. The mayoral council never attended any meeting of the environment cell of the Kolkata Metropolitan Planning Authority. Nor is the KMDA involved or associated with the implementation of the Rs 1,920 crore Calcutta Environmental Improvement Project, which, significantly, has no allocation for greening the city.The Kolkata Improvement Trust, which owns two of the biggest lakes and open spaces in the city, spends around 40% of its budget on salaries, with Subhas Sarovar in Beliaghata and Rabindra Sarovar in Tollygunge perennially languishing, said Arun Sarkar, a former town planner.None of the agencies has any power to impose penalties. They cannot take action against corporate houses and government departments, which nail huge hoardings to trees or chop branches without permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814873", "title": "PWD starts Rs 500cr project to repair 103 roads", "text": "NEW DELHI: Months after taking over 674 roads from MCD, the public works department kicked-off the redevelopment of these roads on Sunday. The agency has said that the redevelopment project, which will cost Rs 500 crore and will cover 500 km, would be finished by the time Delhi assembly is in session next monsoon.Laying the foundation stone at the Chanchal Park on Nangloi-Nazafgarh road, chief minister Sheila Dikshit said the people of rural Delhi had been facing difficulties due to neglect by the erstwhile MCD. She inaugurated the first phase of the project that plans to smoothen out at least 103 roads.The roads are a motorist's nightmare. They were transferred by the Delhi government to PWD between April and June this year.\"Repairs were done in patches and potholes were filled up, too, by the PWD before monsoon,\" said the CM. Simultaneously, the agency also engaged CRRI, IIT Roorkee and DTU to test roads. Subsequently, it decided to de-silt the roadside drains.Proposals were submitted to the government, which listed down the improvement of carriageways, central verge, footpaths, drainage, streetlights, horticulture works, among other things. The project was approved during the monsoon session of the legislative assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "16815088", "title": "India Against Corruption activist show black flags to Bhupinder Singh Hooda", "text": "HISAR: Four teenagers, including three girls, were among 12 activists of India Against Corruption (IAC) rounded up by police for waiving black flags at Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda here on Sunday afternoon.Hooda had come for a function organized by Haryana Aggarwal Vikas Sangathan to mark the birth anniversary of Maharaja Agrasain.The \"action\" began when a woman, identified as Kailash Rani, tried to reach Hooda and apprise him about the inflated electricity bill she had received for her residence in Parao Chowk. However, she was stopped by ladt police and taken outside the venue.While cops, including Hisar IG A S Chawla, were pacifying the women, IAC activists and some teenagers took out black flags and started waiving them in the air while raising anti-government, pro-IAC and pro-Kejriwal slogans. Identified as Pooja Jain, Anchal, Sonia and Ratnesh, 16, the teenagers were immediately taken to police station. A police spokesperson confirmed that around 12 persons were rounded up for disturbing the function.\"They showed black flags to chief minister and tried to disrupt the proceedings. Further investigations are in progress,'' Harish Bhardwaj, official spokesman of Hisar police, said.\"The way the activists have been rounded up is not acceptable. With each passing day, one or the other scam is getting exposed. This has upset the common man. So were the emotions of activists here, hence we decided to register our protest during the chief minister's function,'' Arun Aggarwal, head of Hisar chapter of IAC, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16816329", "title": "Exiled Kharwar tribals urge govt to launch anti-Red operations", "text": "RANCHI: Over 200 members of the Kharwar tribe of Manjhipada village in Chatra district have been leading miserable life in exile since 1996. These tribals had resisted the Maoists in the early 1990s and even killed a number of rebels active in the area.After years of struggle against the rebels, without proper support from police, they moved to Chatra town located around 50 km from the village. Some of them even migrated to neighbouring Hazaribag district leaving behind their hearth and home but also 400 acres of fertile land which belonged to them for ages.Hari Singh, one of the migrant villagers, said after years of struggle in which they even killed six Maoists cadres, they were given police protection for relocation. \"More than 16 year after we left our village, we have not been able to return to our village and lead a normal life like others,\" said Singh adding that their children who were kids have grown up and some are even married.Talking about the miserable life in 'exile', he said even in the 1990s each family earned enough to save at least Rs 20,000-Rs 25,000 a year as the land was very fertile. \"All the 50 families were having a good time. Now our condition is that we hardly earn enough to ensure a square meal for our family. Most of us work as daily wage earners and farm workers for survival,\" Singh said.Returning to the village is still a distant dream for them as the fear of retaliation from the rebels still looms large.Ram Sahay Singh, another migrant villager, is now pinning hope on Saranda like operation and development work in the area to return to their roots. \"Now we are waiting for security forces to launch a massive operation against the Maoists and development project like Saranda to come to our village. Unless there is presence of security forces we cannot dream of returning back as our people will be targeted by the rebels,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16818537", "title": "Prakash Jha wins court case against the Birlas", "text": "There will be no stay-order against Prakash Jha's Chakravyuha . In the defamation case filed by the Birla group of industries in the Delhi High Court Jha has won, at least the first round.In the case 'Basant Kumar Birla &amp; Others Versus Prakash Jha &amp; Others', the aforesaid matter was heard in complete on 11 October by the Delhi High Court. The Honourable Court refused to pass an order of injunction while disposing of the application. However the Honourable Court has directed to show additional disclaimers when the song in question 'Mehngai' is played at the time of exhibition and inter alia held that this order shall not stand in the way of release of the film on 24th October 2012.Incidentally, after the legal notice from the Birla group of industries for a satirical mention of their name in a song about price rise and inflation, a writ petition has apparently been filed by the Bata group in the Delhi High Court against the same song Mehngaai.Jha was relieved by the honourable Delhi High Court's injunction. \"I am being asked if this trouble over the song is publicity for my film Chakravyuha. What are people trying to insinuate? That I paid the industry houses to generate interest in my film? I don't understand what this fuss is about. When the song has been cleared by the censor board what is the relevance, need or even the validity of this extra-censorship? We live in a democracy where socio-political protest is a fundamental right. Instead of being so sensitive on a personal level just because a name is mentioned, how about showing some sensitivity towards the people from the underprivileged classes who feel the need to protest?\"Jha says the song in his film is sung by Naxalites who have suffered \"industrial exploitation\" for decades. Jha defends the song heatedly. \"The names of the industrial houses have been used symbolically. It's like when someone wants to be a singer , you say, 'Chali Lata Mangeshkar ban ne.' The names of the same industrial houses have been mentioned earlier in film songs. There was no hue and cry about it. Why get touchy about it now?\"The director is right. A song written by lyricist Varma Malik in a 1978 film Heeralal Pannalal had the following lines: \"Seedhe raste chaloge to aisa dhamaka milega jhopdi mein Birla aur Tata milega aur Bata ki dukaan mein bhi aata milega.\"The director has no intentions of removing the number. \"My legal department is looking into the matter. Let them sort it out. As far as I am concerned my song doesn't attack any individual or industrial house. It attacks industrial exploitation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16816321", "title": "60-year-old killed by former BSP MP\u2019s vehicle", "text": "VARANASI: Kalicharan Rajbhar (60), a native of Shahpur village under Chaubeypur police station, was crushed to death by the luxury vehicle of former Bahujan Samaj Party MP, Kailash Nath Yadav on Varanasi-Ghazipur highway on Sunday afternoon.According to reports, to reach his field, Kalicharan was crossing the highway outside his village. Former BSP MP passed through the area in his Fortuner (UP 64P 0011). The driver of his vehicle failed to notice Kalicharan and the latter came under the wheels. He died on the spot.Before the villagers could reach the incident site, the BSP MP asked the driver to move toward Chaubeypur police station.Though Yadav stayed inside the police station, hundreds of villagers blocked the Varanasi-Ghazipur highway near Shahpur village and staged a massive demonstration. They demanded compensation for the family of Kalicharan and stern action against the driver. On receiving information of the incident, heavy police force reached the incident site from different police stations while circle officer of Badagon, MC Uttam and SDM, AK Shukla also visited the incident site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814360", "title": "Maken may wave flag at Indian Grand Prix", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 'patch-up' of sorts is on the cards between Union sports minister Ajay Maken and the organizers of the Airtel Indian F1 Grand Prix. If all goes as per plan, Maken may be waving the chequered flag to herald the winner of the race on October 28 at the Buddh International Circuit in Greater Noida.Last year, when the GP was held for the first time with much fanfare, there was some controversy regarding Maken's absence from the event. On the day of the race, Maken was in Kerala, inaugurating the synthetic track at PT Usha's athletics academy. There were rumours that he was not happy with the GP organizers since he was sent just a 'normal' invitation for the race. On the other hand, the organizers were said to be upset with the government since they did not get 'expected' tax waiver on goods imported for the event.While, this year too, the government will tax the event, the Jaypee Group, which puts it all together, is thinking of inviting Maken to do the honours with the flag, according to sources. Last year, it was Sachin Tendulkar who performed the duty. Sources said that the organizing committee is keeping its finger crossed on whether Maken will accept the invitation or not. \"We want him to wave the chequered flag. If he doesn't attend the event, we will have to look for someone else,\" a top official connected with the GP told TOI on Sunday. It was learnt that the invitation has already been sent to the minister. Maken, who is out of the country and is expected to return by October 21, could not be reached for his comments.If Maken doesn't turn up for the event again, sources said that the next choice is Bollywood hunk Hrithik Roshan . \"The name will be confirmed seven days ahead of the event,\" the source added. Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav will be giving the first prize on the podium, it was further learnt.Tendulkar, who is a big motorsports fan, will have to miss the GP if his team, Mumbai Indians, reaches the final of the ongoing Champions League T20 in South Africa because the title clash will also be played on October 28. \"We'll love Tendulkar to attend the race but we also want him to win the CL T20.\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16815229", "title": "Rent-a-bike operators get police orders", "text": "MARGAO: A day after the Margao police busted an inter-state gang of robbers involved in stealing cash from parked vehicles, director general of police (DGP) Kishan Kumar issued strict instructions to all rent-a-bike operators across South Goa to maintain the records of their customers' identity particulars in a particular format.Addressing reporters in Margao on Saturday, Kumar said that it would now be mandatory for all rent -a-bike operators to ensure that they take proper identity cards and verify the phone numbers of their customers before they give their bikes on rent.The police revealed the names of those busted in Friday's raid as Naresh Anandan Shettigar, 28, and Aryan Nayar, 27, both from Chennai, and Uthayyya Kumar Narimutu, 27, from Kerala.Asked if other such robberies in the state in the past could be linked to the inter state gang, Kumar added that the same along with other investigations to check if any more such members are still present in Goa are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16815086", "title": "Be bold, Sule to women: MP Supriya Sule", "text": "GONDIA: It's time women became bold and united to raise voice against any injustice. This was the message of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) MP Supriya Sule to the women who had gathered for the development programme of Rashtrawadi Yuwati Congress on Saturday.She said, \"You have to stand for yourself. Be united and come under the banner of our organization to fight against social evils like female foeticide, dowry, violence and atrocities against women.\"\"State home minister has instructed police to take immediate cognisance of complaints of atrocities against women. What is required is to be bold enough to come forward to lodge such complaints,\" she said.Union heavy industries minister Praful Patel and Gondia district guardian minister Anil Deshmukh were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814763", "title": "Revised power slabs may be out this week", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhiites can expect a final order on the revised power tariff structure by the end of this week. DERC sources said the commission is likely to announce the revised structure by Friday, two days after the last date for RWAs to submit their objections.DERC had proposed to revert to the old slabs for calculation of tariff in the last week of September. The slabs had been changed while implementing a 26% tariff hike for domestic consumers in June. \"We are trying to complete the process at the earliest,\" said DERC chief P D Sudhakar.The abolition of the 201-400 units slab and introduction of 0-400 units slab had pushed up the power bills for a majority of consumers whose consumption was below 400 units. A domestic consumer is charged Rs 3.70 per unit if his consumption does not exceed 200 units, but if it is above 200 units and not more than 400 units, then Rs 4.80 per unit is charged according to the new slab of 0-400 units. Earlier, consumers were charged Rs 3 for first 200 units and then Rs 4.80 for consumption between 201 units and 400 units. Sudhakar said if the earlier slab system is brought back, bills of consumers whose monthly consumption does not exceed 250 units will come down by 15-18%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16819453", "title": "Reliance Communications teams up with WhatsApp in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reliance Communications has announced its exclusive partnership with WhatsApp in India. Under this partnership Reliance Communications has launched a prepaid plan, WhatsApp Plan, for all Reliance GSM subscribers and My College Plan for students across the country.My College Plan allows students to call and SMS within their specified group at just 5 paise and also permits a student to broadcast a juicy tidbit in the campus through a SMS to the entire college group for just Rs 3 by texting the message to 51112.Reliance GSM subscribers can now enjoy unlimited usage of WhatsApp and Facebook across the country at Rs 16 per month only.Students across the country can subscribe to My College Plan by sending a SMS SUB to 51111 from their Reliance Mobile and Reliance GSM subscribers can subscribe to the WhatsApp Plan, by sending a SMS \"WA\" or \"WhatsApp\" or \"FB\" or \"Facebook\" to 53739. No data charges applicable for WhatsApp access through these packs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16816667", "title": "Way to White House runs through 'swing states'", "text": "WASHINGTON: In the skirmish over \"battleground\" or \"swing\" states, Ohio is trending towards President Obama and Florida is leaning towards Republican challenger Mitt Romney , and between them, they offer a roadmap to understand America's complex electoral arithmetic that puts the winner into the White House.Here's how it works: It does not matter who wins more popular vote across the country; it is the \"electoral vote\" which counts. Al Gore won the popular vote in 2000, but Bush made it to the White House because he won more electoral votes. Each state has electoral votes, typically the number adding up to how many lawmakers it sends to Washington (which in turn depends on population). So California (the most populous state) has 55 electoral votes, Texas (the second largest) has 38, and so on.In the presidential race, all a candidate typically has to do is win the popular vote in a state (even by one vote) to get all its electoral votes. So winning Virginia by one vote or many votes or million votes will get Obama or Romney its full complement of 13 electoral votes.So the winning candidate has to get a majority of 540 electoral votes (271) across the country's 50 states, some with as few as 3-4 electoral votes (thinly populated Montano and Idaho for instance) and some big ones such as Texas and California.Total size of the US electoral college: 540. Needed to win White House: 271.Voting pattern and intention of most states (about 40) are well-known. California will go Democrat and Texas is Republican. So the two camps have already assumed they will win 237 (Obama-Democrat) and 191 (Romney-Republican) electoral votes respectively. That leaves ten so-called \"battleground\" states in which they have to get the remaining electoral votes to reach 271. Among these \"battleground states\" are Ohio, Florida, Virginia and Wisconsin.Election diaryWhich US state has sent the most Presidents to the White House and which haven't sent any at all? Well, two states - Virginia and Ohio - battle for the title of \"mother state of presidents\", and both, incidentally are battleground states in this election. But Virginia usually gets the honour, having produced eight presidents - George Washington, Thomas Jefferson , James Madison, James Monroe, William Harrison, John Tyler , Zachary Taylor, and Woodrow Wilson. Ohio produced seven - Ulysses S Grant , Rutherford B Hayes, James A Garfield, Benjamin Harrison , William McKinley , William Howard Taft, and Warren G Harding . Some Ohio-ans count eight by claiming William Harrison, who was born in Virginia but moved to Ohio after his marriage in 1795. Massachusetts and New York share third place with four presidents each.The more interesting part is more than two dozen states have never produced a President. They include Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Delaware, Florida, Idaho, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Minnesota, Montana, Nevada, New Mexico, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Utah, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. Florida is by far the most populous state to lack a president. Even Hawaii has produced one - the incumbent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16815934", "title": "Book fair ends on a high note", "text": "JAIPUR: The book fair organized by the National Book Trust concluded on a high note on Sunday evening.The seven-day fair held at Amroodon Ka Bagh in the city saw a healthy interaction between writers and readers not just through books but also via special sessions.Besides Hindi, English and Urdu, books in other languages including Marathi, Rajasthani and Bangla were also in great demand. \"It was truly a national book fair....I was amazed at finding books on Konkani language,\" said a tourist who visited the fair.The fair did better in terms of sale of books too. The NBT book stall sold books worth Rs 5 lakh. \"Publishers, writers and readers requested us to make this an annual event in Jaipur,\" said Lalit Mandora, editor of NBT.Few, though, felt disappointed over not promoting Rajasthani literature enough at the fair. \"Had they included an informatory stall on different dialects in Rajasthani, the event should have drawn more visitors,\" said Raj Khaitan, a retired professor.The NBT registered around 200 members who will enjoy 10% discount on NBT books for lifetime. Renowned authors - CP Deval, Govind Mathur, Buddinath Mishra, Nasira Sharma presided over sessions during the fair. Around 117 publishers participated in the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16817905", "title": "Tamil Nadu's N-reactor's cost will push up: Russia", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahead of a key bilateral meeting, Russia today said the cost of the third and fourth unit of the Kudankulam atomic power plant would escalate if it is brought under the purview of India's civil nuclear liability law over which differences remained.Russia also said the row over its telecom firm Sistema after the cancellation of 2G licenses will have a \"great repercussion\" not only for bilateral cooperation but also for foreign investments into India. It hoped a solution that is acceptable to both parties can be reached.\"If there are several points that require additional assurances, of course, it will require additional money to be paid by India,\" visiting Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin told reporters in response to questions on the possibility of India bringing the two new units of Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KNPP) in Tamil Nadu under the ambit of its nuclear liability law.Rogozin along with External Affairs Minister S M Krishna will co-chair the meeting of the Inter-Governmental Commission on Trade, Economic, Scientific, Technological and Cultural Cooperation (IRIGC-TEC) here tomorrow.Differences in perception over the nuclear liability law have become a bone of contention between India and Russia in negotiations on units III and IV. The law makes foreign suppliers liable for compensation in the event of accidents.Russia argues that the civil nuclear liability law should not apply to these units as the agreement on them predates the 2010 civil liability law, and could be seen as \"grandfathered\" by the original 1988 agreement while India has clearly stated that making an exception for Russia will amount to diluting its law which will encourage the US and France to seek similar exemptions, which it cannot afford.The estimated cost of units III and IV is USD 6.4 billion, of which USD 3.4 billion will be taken care of by Russian state credits.Citing lessons learnt from 1986 Chernobyl nuclear accident, Rogozin said Russian reactors provided to India were \"state-of-the-art\" and there need be no fears over it.Noting that Sistema's project in India is \"big\" involving USD 3 billion, some part of which is state money, Rogozin said it is not possible to renew the terms when the contract is concluded. \"The Sistema contract was concluded based on Indian laws,\" he said.He said the problems in Sistema's investments in India will have \"great repercussion\" for future cooperation not only for Russian partners but also for foreign investments to this country. PTI AKJ SC GSN GSN 10142036 NNNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16814831", "title": "Elderly couple out on the streets", "text": "KOLKATA: An elderly couple on Sunday alleged that they were physically assaulted by the landlord and driven out of their rented home in Kalindi near Lake Town.Sources said that Asit and Kanika Banerjee along with their only son Ardhendu were living as tenants in the house of one Barun Nandi for over two years. There has been discord between the landlord and the tenant over payment of rent for quite sometime, said locals. The Banerjees reportedly have not paid the rent for last three months.The Banerjees alleged that Nandi had been trying to evict them for a quite sometime. Unable to bear the harassment, the couple - both senior citizens - had filed a case in the court. But on Sunday evening, Nandi suddenly came up to the couple and demandedthat they pay the rent immediately. This led to an altercation between the two parties and the landlord allegedly started assaulting the couple in a fit of rage.Nandi, a Trinamool Congress member and reportedly close to state education minister Bratya Basu, threw their belongings on the street and asked them to leave the house, alleged Asit. The duo then went and sat in protest in front of Basu's Dum Dum house.Later, they went to Lake Town police station and lodged a complaint against Nandi.\"The case is still pending in the court. Despite that Nandi drove us out of the house,\" alleged the tenant family dispute over rent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16818482", "title": "Police complaint filed against KLPD makers", "text": "Presenter Raju Shah has alleged that producers Amit Chandrra and Kishan Chaudhary have failed to pay him his dues which includes a principal amount and an additional interest of 12 per centSanjay Khanduri's second directorial film KLPD did not just upset its producers Amit Chandrra and Kishan Chaudhary by its not-so-impressive performance at the box office.TOI found out that on October 11, YT Entertainment, who presented the film filed a police complaint against Amit and Kishan alleging that the producers owed their company a minimum of Rs 2.6 crore.Confirming the news, YT Entertainment's Raju Shah told us,\"That's right. We had no alternative but to take the legal route.\" Explaining why he was driven to file the complaint, Shah said, \"I was the Negative Right Controller on the film, you can say I was the presenter. I had funded the film with Rs 3.6 crore. I was supposed to get 12 per cent interest on my principal amount around the time of the film's release.\"But nothing of that sort happened said Shah. \"Yes, I was given cheques but all of them bounced. I tried calling Amit and Kishan but to no avail. After a few days, I received Rs 1 crore. This means I am still to receive Rs 2.6 crore, plus the 12 per cent interest,\" he added.A week after the film's release, Shah's patience was wearing thin. \"If my knowledge is correct, KLPD was made on an approximate budget of Rs 11 crore. An additional Rs 4 crore was spent on the publicity. I don't know how much Amit and Kishan recovered and how much they lost, but going by the fate of the film, I didn't see my balance payment coming. And mind you, I need my 12 per cent interest as well, for I funded the film simply because I wanted the additional money,\" Shah told us.When contacted, Kishan Chaudhary refused to have any connection with the matter. \"I have nothing to with the bounced cheques. Amit Chandrra had signed those cheques which YT Entertainment could not encash,\" he told us.Despite repeated attempts, Amit remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16816309", "title": "Industry boom brings joy to Rs 15k families", "text": "RANCHI: Displacement, pollution, traffic congestion and mushrooming of buildings replacing green and farm land are not the only fallouts of industrialization. A close look at Kandra and Saraikela, two small towns located in Saraikela-Kharsawan district, where people used to lead a life of misery for than 15 years after the closure of the glass factory in 1993 says a different story.The 15,000-odd families of the area, who had once planned to migrate in search of greener pastures, have found reasons to stay back. All this has happened due to rapid industrialization in the area in the past few years.The place now has more than 10 companies, including two plants of Adhunik Groups, Neelanchal Steel, Usha Martine, Abhijeet Group and Metals to provide livelihood to these families. Since the place did not have good arable land, the companies did not face problem of impact on agriculture.\"After the closure of the glass factory, we were left with no money. Most of us worked as daily-wage earners in small scale companies in the Adityapur industrial area, civil construction sites, projects under MGNREGA and road construction work. With rapid industrialization, our life has changed for better. Our monthly income has increased and, for many, it has gone up by even five-ten times in the past five-six years,\" said Madhav Lal. \"There are at least 200-250 families which now have two to three earning members. Each family has at least two motorcycles. So we cannot call industrialization a cruse like people of other parts of the state,\" said the middle aged.Some reputable two-wheeler and consumer durable companies have even set up showrooms in Kandra to meet the growing demand.Gopal Kumar, who has a general store on the Kandra-Saraikela main road, said in the past few years his business had also grown. \"In the last few years, business of every trader has at least doubled. Every store - be it a pan shop or a grocery store -has customers from early in the morning till late at night,\" said Kumar.The two major investors Abhijeet Group and Adhunik Group have invested huge amount in imparting skill development training to local youths and make them employable in the steel and power plants. The two companies have imparted skill development training to at least 500 youths including girls of the area who are employed in the plants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16815106", "title": "Haryana to set up 187 new sub-stations", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana government will construct 187 new sub-stations of various levels and augment capacity of 163 existing sub-stations over the next three years at a cost of Rs 3,093 crore to match the capacity of the transmission system to the increasing availability of power in the state.Speaking after laying foundation stone of a 33 KV substation in Hisar on Sunday, chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda said during the past over seven years the government has constructed 321 new substations, augmented capacity of 552 old substations and erected lines of a length of 4,615 km in the state at a cost of Rs 4,044 crore.The total number of sub-stations in the state has increased to 821, he said.Hooda said the government has a plan of Rs 265 crore to strengthen power transmission and distribution system.Under this plan, the government will set up 13 new sub-stations and augment capacity of nine existing ones. To give reliable and qualitative power supply to agriculture tube wells and to give three phase supply to domestic consumers, the agricultural and domestic load in rural area has already been segregated in district Hisar by erecting additional feeders of 11 KV level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "the tribal development department is working on developing its e-tracking system to ensure that the supplies shipped are delivered on time and that the stock used for the day is also updated by the respective employees to plug loopholes in supplies. the tribal development commissioner sambhaji sarkunde speaks to toi on various issues regarding tribal welfare. excerpts", "code": "16816488", "title": "'E-tracking will help us identify, punish those misusing department funds, goods'", "text": "The tribal development department is working on developing its e-tracking system to ensure that the supplies shipped are delivered on time and that the stock used for the day is also updated by the respective employees to plug loopholes in supplies. The tribal development commissioner Sambhaji Sarkunde speaks to TOI on various issues regarding tribal welfare. Excerpts:Despite huge funds to schools in the tribal department, students are still found wanting on account of disappearing funds or material. How do you intend to plug this problem?We have already taken punitive measures against erring official and employees engaged in such activities. This generally happens when schools (in tribal areas) close for vacations. However, the question remains about how to plug the problem. Hence the e-tracking system being put in place, will be used to build accountability. The tracking system obviously involves computers and specially designed software through which the authorized officials will be able to fill the information that will be updated till the last working day. At any given moment, the officials will be able to take stock of things even at the remotest ashramshala, office, or schools. to ensure that schools, especially, do not go without items provided by the department. The software is likely to be operational by March 2013.What are the measures to check whether the same beneficiaries are benefitting from multiple-schemes?As of now there is no mechanism to identify whether a beneficiary is benefitting from multiple schemes or getting multiple-benefits from the same scheme. The department does act upon cases after being informed, but there is no direct method to identify such beneficiaries other than preliminary enquiries that are carried out. Neither do we take any utility certificates. However, we are pinning our hopes on using software through which the applicants will fill in the data and present papers to the department which will process them. A unique identification number will be linked to the application which will help keep track of every detail. We may see this system up and running by the end of the year.How safe are the girl-children in ashram schools, considering the cases of molestation by staff and others? What are the department's plans to preserve the dignity of the girl child?There have been some unfortunate incidents like molestations in the past, but in the recent time, there have been no cases in which our staff was involved. Having saidthis, it is also true that each incident leaves a big scar on the face of the department. While we are happy on the one part to know staff are now not involved in such cases...it is unsettling to know such cases exist on the outside even if our staff is not involved. We have to work on raising awareness among the students and their parents as welWith such a huge population and so many items that can influence crime, it is indeed difficult for us to control several factors. But we are doing what we can in every possible manner.Considering snakes bites are a very common mishap in tribal schools, is your department building better schools with a safer environment for children?The department is constructing new schools and hostels. We have already started buying land for the (rented) hostels so that they can be moved into their own premises. The new facilities will house clubs, gyms, cafeteria, reading rooms, computer laboratories, waiting rooms for parents and sick rooms for patients. We are revolutionizing the way the kids will be going to schools. In Nagpur, seven sites have been identified where such hostels are being constructed to house 1,000 boys and 1,500 girls at a cost of Rs 30 crore.Is the department thinking of going beyond air Hostess for better career options for the students?Careers in the airline industry, especially as air hostess is one sector which the tribal development department is attempting to open up for its female students and hence whatever the earlier results were, we are opening a second batch for the same. We agree there are some fundamental issues in terms of perception, since it is believed that tribal families may lack 'glamour', but considering that intelligence is no bar, we are also opening up avenues in the various other sectors including retail, information Technology (IT) - including office-administration and hardware. We are also working on the the hospitality sector as an avenue through skill development programmes.Not all the students take up studies up to Std X and even fewer opt higher studies. What are the prospects for early dropouts?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16815588", "title": "Malnutrition on the rise in Bihar: Report", "text": "PATNA: The latest consolidated revised National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) report-2012-13 for Bihar, released recently, presents a gloomy picture as far as malnourishment among children below five years goes. The report says, malnourishment in Bihar in the age group of 0-3 years has increased by 3% since 2002. It has put the latest figure at 55%.Around 80% of children below five years of age in Bihar are malnourished.Malnourishment in women in reproductive age group (15-49 years) has also worsened in Bihar, according to the report. It went up from 60% in 1998 to 68.2% in 2012.Around 2/3rd women in child-bearing age in the state are malnourished, the highest in the country. Though several initiatives have been initiated to address malnutrition in the state, particularly among children, adolescent girls and pregnant women, it seems either the schemes presently running in the state are not reaching the beneficiaries or they are flawed.High incidence of malnutrition among children is attributed to several factors, which include low intake of nutritious food, non-availability of quality health services, absence of adequate community workers, low institutional delivery and non-access to cheap medicines. Social practices such as early marriage and pregnancy and lack of breastfeeding, too, contribute to higher malnutrition rate. There are other hindrances too, like low-birth weight babies, non-spacing of children and anaemia amon women.Health secretary Sanjay Kumar admitted malnutrition was a major challenge facing the state. However, he said, the government has in recent times initiated several measures to combat the malaise.A three-pronged strategy has been unveiled in the state to combat malnutrition. First, he said, a 30-bed nutritional rehabilitation centre (NRC) is running in all the 38 districts of the state, primarily focusing on acutely malnourished children. Second, programmes under the Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS), run by the department of social welfare, aim at changing behavioural patterns relating to early marriage, non-spacing of children and lack of breastfeeding.Thirdly, the health department has launched micronutrient programmes, which include providing Vitamin A capsules and iron supplements, improved diet for pregnant women along with advocating the benefits of consumption of iodized salt. The programme running at every health sub-centre across the state aims to counter malnourishment at micro level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16817146", "title": "Lending a helping hand to tribal kids", "text": "He is a Good Samaritan with a difference. He runs a destitute home for tribal children. Sharnappa Matpati, as a child, was interested to know more about tribal people. He came across a tribal community while traveling with his mother Putlibai to Sri Shaila some 35 years ago. She answered all the questions that her young son asked about the tribals' lives.Sharnappa said: \"It was my mother who gave me a bit of information about them. Then only I decided to help tribals, as I had realized that they would need help. That was how it all started.\" Matpati hails from Bidar. After his graduation in 1981, he came down to Mysore and began helping the tribals settled near Mysore. He claimed to have stayed with a tribal community near HD Kote for three months.\"That experience made me know their lives, especially the way they connect with the nature.\"Having decided to serve them all through his life, Sharnappa completed diploma in Community development (1982), and another course on Breakthrough in communication from Bangalore.He visited many tribal villages near Bandipur, HD Kote, Yadiyala and others. He started night schools and conducted training classes for them. \"It was difficult to make them interested in such aspects. But I managed.\"In 2002, he started Pragati Destitute Tribal Home for tribal children at Yadiyali, 8km from Mysore city. He visited tribal villages and convinced people to send their children to avail hostel facility at the Home so they can attend classes at nearby government schools. The Home had been home to around 500 school-going children. Fifty students are staying in the Home this year. \"Many won't come back after the vacation. I try to convince their parents, but they won't budge,\" he said, adding: \"Mostly, girls who get married at early age do not return. But boys complete their high school education. Though I'm ready to support them for their further studies, they do not turn up after SSLC.\"Sharnappa, 50, gets moral support for his endeavour from his wife Shukragauri and children Gnani and Vidyashree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16816828", "title": "Ramleela couture debuts as Ravana goes designer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: This Ramleela, Ravana will sport haute couture at Sector 17 Parade Ground. After an extensive research on the most-learned man ever, 16 students of a fashion designing institute here will drape the 10-headed in a specially-designed costume based on the theme of lotus. With a metallic look and crystal engravings, the dress will offer a peek into his personality.Through the apparel, they have tried to represent the life of Ravana, who though an evil was the greatest devotee of Lord Shiva, great scholar and pundit. \"The front of the attire shows Lord Shiva sitting in \"Samadhi\". The waist belt has Lord Kuber, lord of richness, who depicts the royalty and richness of Ravana. Kaal, who has been shown as Yamraj sitting on a bull, is tied at the right leg of Ravana. It shows Kaal was the slave of the demon king and even death could not affect him,\" said Damini Sawhney, a student.Golden emblem of Lord Shiva, Kaal, Kuber and lotus have been made with metals and decorated with crystals. \"The nine lotus in the centre depict the nine characteristics of Ravana \u2014 selfishness, happiness, jealousy, ambition, anger, sadness, passion, pride and fear in descending order. The golden colour of his dress depicts royalty; red represents energy and black shows he was a ruler,\" said Divpreet Kaur, another student. \"He was a scholar and expert of 64 art forms. These have been depicted on his robe with red velvet circles with lotus symbols,'' said Pankaj Prabhakar, a budding designer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "16817542", "title": "ABVP indefinite strike from Tuesday", "text": "SILCHAR: The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) has decided to go on an indefinite strike in all the colleges of Cachar district from Tuesday, demanding immediate declaration of results of the students' body election of Guru Charan College in Silchar. The elections took place last Thursday.The college authorities had declared the election cancelled after violence broke out when the votes were being counted. The violence left seven students injured. All the injured are either candidates or supporters of the ABVP.\"The voting passed off peacefully. But when the counting was in progress in the evening, there were unofficial reports that ABVP and independent candidates were leading. Hearing this, NSUI supporters started pelting stones at other students present on the college campus. An NSUI supporter snatched the ballot papers when the counting was on and election officials, including the college principal, present there were silent spectators,\" Monoj Kanti Das, an ABVP spokesman told mediapersons.He said ABVP and other students met principal Bibhash Dev and demanded that the results of the election be declared as the voting was held peacefully. But the principal is not ready to declare the results, Das added.\"We have come to understand that the principal of the college shares a good rapport with NSUI and the Congress,\" alleged the ABVP spokesman.ABVP also demanded to know under what circumstances did police and CRPF use baton and tear gas, which injured many students, most of them members or supporters of AVBP, during the day of voting. ABVP said their programme of strike in all the colleges of the district will continue until the result of election of GC College students' body is declared.The principal said the election was cancelled in view of the situation. The injured are undergoing treatment at Silchar Medical College Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16816394", "title": "Uttar Pradesh BJP leaders on Gujrat poll duty", "text": "LUCKNOW: Stakes are high this time for Gujarat chief minister and Bharatiya Janata Party leader Narendra Modi as Gujarat goes to polls in two phases on December 13 and 17 and while he is seeking an all-inclusive audience across barriers of region, caste and religion, all differences have been put aside too on the question of which party colleagues campaign for him.Considering a large chunk of the Gujarati voter has roots in Uttar Pradesh and working there in various industries and cities like Surat, Valsad, Vapi and Ahmedabad, party vice-president Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi has announced names of leaders from here who would be with him ensure his victory for Modi, who is being touted as the party's PM candidate in Lok Sabha 2014 polls.UP former chief minister Rajnath Singh , who as national president in 2007 had dropped Modi from the parliamentary board, will bury the past and throw his weight behind the latter. He will be accompanied with national vice presidents of the party Vinay Katiyar and Kalraj Mishra , along with Member of Parliament from Varanasi Dr Murli Manohar Joshi , state party chief Laxmikant Bajpayi, former state chiefs Surya Pratap Shahi and Dr Ramapati Ram Tripathi and senior leader Om Prakash Singh, confirmed Naqvi, talking to TOI. This is a departure from the previous polls in Gujarat in 2007 when no worker or leader from Uttar Pradesh was sent there for canvassing. Naqvi said, leaders from the state would leave only after October 29 while those who have been shortlisted for Himachal Pradesh which goes to poll on November 4 will leave for campaigning right after October 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16815325", "title": "40 down with food poisoning", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A religious fair went awry at Dharji village near Bavla on Bagodara-Nal Sarovar road on Sunday afternoon as 40 devotees suffered from food poisoning after consuming pedas.Three ambulances of EMRI 108 rushed to the spot and shifted the victims to the primary health centers (PHCs) in Bavla and Bagodara.The EMRI officials said they had received a call at 4.30 pm from Dharji village where a large number of devotees had gathered at a temple to take part in the festivities. After consuming the prasad of pedas, several of the devotees started vomiting and suffered from loose motions. After some them fainted, the villagers called up EMRI 108.\"We shifted 40 patients to the PHCs at Bavla and Bagodara. Their main complaint was uneasy stomach and vomiting. We suspect it to be a case of food poisoning. None of the patients were in danger. All were given primary treatment and some of them were kept under observation,\" said an EMRI 108 official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "berhampur/bhubaneswar", "code": "16817234", "title": "Mystery over drinker duo's death in Ganjam", "text": "BERHAMPUR/BHUBANESWAR: Mystery surrounded the deaths of a former zilla parishad member and his friend in Ganjam district's Jagannath Prasad block on Saturday night. Though the duo died after drinking alcohol, but police are yet to ascertain the exact reason for the deaths.While Pratap Panda (48), former ZP member of Jagannath Prasad block, died around 9 pm, his friend, Santosh Patnaik (50), succumbed on the way to MKCG Medical College and Hospital here, police said. Panda was husband of Namita Panda, sarpanch of Kadua gram panchayat.Though consumption of spurious liquor was suspected to have caused the deaths, excise superintendent of Ganjam, B N Dhal, discounted the possibility of toxic liquor as the killer. \"The liquor, which they consumed, belonged to a known brand. We don't think it could be spurious,\" he said. \"However, excise and police personnel have seized all liquor bottles of the brand. The samples will be sent for chemical tests to know whether they were spurious or not,\" he added. Sushant Patnaik, the younger brother of Santosh, said: \"There is no doubt they had consumed liquor before the incident. But we cannot say they died because of it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16814736", "title": "Outages throw life out of gear in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: Massive power cuts lasting several hours in UP-NCR over the weekend flung life out of gear for residents of Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad. In Noida, while residents braved the outages with the help of generators and inverters, around 250 industrial units were hit due to a snag in a substation.On Sunday, load shedding for around five hours was reported from several residential sectors of Noida. \"Spending weekends at home has become an ordeal over the past one month,\" said SM Singh, president of Federation of Sector 62 RWAs. \"While lower-level discom officials plead helplessness to restore supply, senior officers don't give any concrete reply. They just have ready excuses,\" he added.Outages have not spared industries too over the last few days. On Saturday, over 250 industrial units in Sector 63 of Noida faced massive cuts due to a technical snag in a substation. \"In this situation, it has become extremely difficult for us to generate profits from industries,\" said Vipin Malhan, president of Noida Entrepreneurs' Association.Residential colonies in several area of Ghaziabad, including Vaishali, Vasundhara, and Indirapuram, witnessed long hours of power cuts. Residents said that a delegation of the RWA federation will meet discom officials on Monday to pitch in for improving power supply. \"After a few months of the new government taking over power in the state, electricity supply has deteriorated rapidly without showing any signs of revival,\" said Col (Retd) Tejander Pal Tyagi, president of the Federation of RWAs of Ghaziabad. \"A team of RWA members will meet discom officials on Monday to build pressure on the power corporation to make supply normal,\" added Tyagi.In Greater Noida, where the discom has promised respite from outages on weekends, power supply was unavailable for over five hours in several residential societies on both days. \"Inverters are proving to be extremely expensive,\" said Squadron Leader (Retd) RN Singh, a resident of Jal Vayu Vihar in Greater Noida.Residents are perturbed over the fact that an acute power crisis has gripped the UP-NCR between the summer months and winter when demand is generally low. \"In summers, power is inadequate due to high loads,\" said Vikram Kasana of the Evergreen Federation of RWAs of Greater Noida. \"What we are worried about is how will we manage without geysers and heaters in winter months if outages continue in this manner,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16815682", "title": "Residents, shop owners want road widened", "text": "JAIPUR: Shopkeepers and residents of Barkat Nagar area on Sunday extended their support to the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) officials who are carrying out a drive to widen the road of the area by up to 40 feet.Recently, the corporation stopped the process after the traders protest against the drive to remove encroachments and widen the road.Rohit Ajmera, a social activist, told TOI, \"The widening of road is in public interest and the JMC should not stop the drive. Around 25 owners have demolished their properties voluntarily after the high court order to widen road. It will be injustice to them if the road is not widened.\"Residents who want to widen the road in the area claimed that in the Master Plan 2025 , it is mentioned that the road is 40 feet wide and no objection was submitted when queries were invited. \"At the time of emergency, fire brigade and ambulance cannot enter narrow roads. The traders here have encroached the roads and its only 15 feet wide now,\" a resident said.On Friday, the high court has given respite to the shop owners due to the festive season and the civic authorities agreed to suspend any coercive action till October 29.An assurance in this regard was made before the high court by the advocates of the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) and the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) which were carrying out the demolitions on the court directions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16815772", "title": "Patna zoo visitors face trouble at automated gates", "text": "PATNA: The visitors to Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park, popularly known as Patna zoo, are yet to get well versed with the newly-installed automated gates at the park. Though the zoo authorities had bid adieu to the manual system of visitors' entry on October 9, the 10 newly-installed automated gates are giving trouble to visitors as well as the zoo staff.Abhay Kumar Sharma, director, Patna zoo, said, \"It takes time to get used to any new technology. The previous manual system was in use since the creation of the park. But we are hopeful that the new system will not take long to get popular.\"He said, \"A number of zoo staff are deployed at the 10 automated gates to help visitors gain entry. The zoo gets visitors from across the state and from different backgrounds. The staff are always there to assist them.\" The zoo authorities are planning to put new display boards explaining the usage of the gates. \"It will be like a manual on how to use the gates,\" said the director. However, for first few days the zoo staff are observing the problems facing the visitors while using the gates.Of the 10 automated entry gates, six gates were installed at the gate number 1 and four gates at the gate number 2 of the zoo. Park officials said guests could swipe the bar-coded tickets at the gates to open them. The electronic surveillance will help check leak of revenue and bring in more transparency. Close circuit cameras would be installed at the entry points to complement the efforts.Keeping in mind the coming winter season and the likely increase in footfalls, the zoo authorities are also planning to put up new display boards in front of every enclosure of animals. \"We will use the wood of pruned trees to make new display boards and fencing,\" Sharma said.The zoo authorities are also planning to add a couple of kangaroos to the park. Sharma said a move is afoot to bring some kangaroos from Australia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16817580", "title": "Security beefed up in Allahabad for Navaratra", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The police are busy chalking out elaborate security plans for the city's temples where lakhs of devotees are expected during Navratri.The festival will commence on Tuesday and continue till October 24.Some of the prominent temples where the police are paying particular attention include Alopidevi, Lalitadevi and Kalyanidevi temples.Police said the security measures this year include CCTV cameras, metal detectors, and armed police personnel stationed in and around the temple premises.Moreover, barricades will be erected around the main temples to ensure smooth entry and exit of the devotees.More than 700 police personnel, home guards and volunteers from civil defence have been engaged as part of the security arrangements and will carry out round the clock vigil during the proceedings at the temples.The police would be reviewing the security of the temples on a routine basis and sleuths of local intelligence unit (LIU), anti-sabotage units and bomb disposal squad would also be pressed into service.Similarly, traffic cops would also be assigned the task of regulating traffic around the temples.The festival is expected to offer a confluence of performing arts including bhajans, geet-mala, classical recitals, and orchestra. People in large numbers are expected to attend them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16815636", "title": "\u2018Housing societies cruel to animals\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Animal Welfare Officer Ganesh Nayak of the NGO, Animals Matter To Me (AMTM), was recently shocked to learn that his the welfare committee at his housing society in Blue Meadows, in Jogeshwari (E), had decided to collect funds from residents to dislocate seven stray dogs from there.Nayak, who has complained to the builder and the local police about the decision to throw out the strays, is fighting a lonely battle. \"All these stray dogs are healthy and sterilized. Yet, a majority of the building residents want to throw them out on some silly pretext. Such cruelties are also taking place in other societies,'' said Nayak.In Panvel, animal activists last week lodged an FIR against office-bearers of Sarang cooperative housing society, after 15 young puppies mysteriously disappeared from the society premises. \"Recently, a stray dog was crushed to death under a car inside our society. I have lodged an FIR about this. Such acts of cruelty are happening at various housing societies,'' added Nayak.The secretary of Bombay Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals ( BSPCA), Lt Colonel J C Khanna said that so far this year (till September), they have received 301 complaints from animal lovers against various societies. \"In 2011, we had received a total of 316 complaints against housing societies. These ranged from not allowing pets inside lifts, levying exorbitant 'pet charges' on pet owners, and hitting/poisoning of stray dogs and cats,'' Khanna said.\"Most stray dog feeders and pet owners ensure that the animals do not dirty the premises. Yet, many societies frown upon the sight of dogs and cats, even if they are sterilized. Dislocating or killing them is cruel and illegal,'' added Khanna, urging societies to show compassion.A Belapur-based RTI activist, Aditi Lahiri, said: \"According to the Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation, there has been no case of rabies here. Yet, many societies are cruel towards stray animals.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16815346", "title": "Mapusa's parking woes: Solutions ride in", "text": "MAPUSA: Traffic authorities and Mapusa municipal council have renewed their commitment to ease the traffic and parking woes in the town, especially in the municipal market area.Municipality workers will now assist parking in the market to ensure smooth flow of traffic. Chairperson of the Mapusa municipal council (MMC) Sudhir Kandolkar, Mapusa traffic cell police inspector Salim Sheikh attended the meeting chaired by deputy collector Sabaji Shetye to discuss the subject of traffic management within the jurisdiction of Mapusa.Parking and traffic congestion have become a major irritant for residents due to absence of proper city planning. Various suggestions were exchanged by the MMC and the traffic cell authorities to help aid the traffic flow and solve the parking problems along with ensuring smoother transportation.Various suggestions by the traffic cell included rounding of the jagged corner of the taxi stand at the south east side which will allow a free access to vehicles wanting to exit the city especially wide-chassis vehicles like buses, trucks etc.The suggestions included curbing of the stone barrier at the taxi stand, fortification and extension of gutter slabs and bringing it to the road level which will extend the parking of two-wheelers off the road and increase the motorable lane by almost 1.5m, and no handcart should be allowed to be placed in twowheeler parking areas\"Every inch should be utilized optimally to ease the traffic congestion. We will help the municipality in easing the traffic in the town,\" said Mapusa traffic cell police inspector Salim Sheikh.Absence of parking spaces, roadside bus stops intra-state buses originating from and terminating at busy city areas, undisciplined driving and parking, bad roads and main shopping centres in a space falling within a radius of 1 -2 kilometres from the town centre are the main causes for traffic congestion in Mapusa.\"The municipality has instructed to assist in parking solutions as the congestion has increased manifold. We will do it with the help of the traffic police,\" said Uday Salkar MMC market inspector.\"People haphazardly park vehicles which adds to the traffic congestion. We will deploy our men to assist parking,\" he said. The Mapusa traffic cell will also ask for additional signboards and staff to regulate traffic flow in the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16815132", "title": "Petrol pumps to run only 9-5 from today", "text": "MUMBAI: You may come across a long queue of motorists at petrol pumps today. This is because the 246 petrol pumps in the city (and 3,300 across Maharashtra) have decided to operate only a single shift\u2014 9am to5 pm from Monday onwards.The one-shift operation will not affect the supply of CNG and will only apply to petrol and diesel. This means that public transport like autos, taxis and buses will not be affected.If you go to the pump early morning or after 5 pm, there are chances you will be turned away.Said Ravi Shinde of PDA, \"We will be running single shift operation (9 to 5) from Monday. Having exhausted all avenues of communication with our oil companies\u2014to highlight the erosion of petrol dealers' margin with every increase in price of petrol and diesel\u2014we have been left with no option.\" He said the purpose of the curtailed hours was to cut costs.\"The petrol pumps in Mumbai will operate with full efficiency during working hours. Motorists are advised to plan their purchase to avoid any inconvenience,\" said Shinde. However, he added that emergency vehicles like ambulances would not be affected as they will be given petrol round-the-clock as an exception.\"Sources said that there could be long queues and arguments at most petrol pumps. Owners will also find it difficult shutting down the pumps exactly at 5pm. \"This is uncalled for. If I have to travel a long distance in an emergency and want to fill up the fuel tank of my car in the evening, I will not get petrol. It will be a severe crisis for motorists,\" said Ajay Arora, a car owner.The city has nearly than eight lakh cars and SUVs, one lakh autos and 45,000 taxis. The association has also written to joint police commissioner (law and order) Sadanand Date to provide police protection to the pumps. In the letter, Shinde stated, \"Petrol pumps have now decided to reduce working time to 8 hours to cut costs on manpower and electricity. But we anticipate law and order problems during closing hours and request you to instruct local police stations to provide assistance to petrol pumps in their area, particularly at the time of closing.\"Shinde added that he has asked all petrol pump owners to write individual letters to the local police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16819372", "title": "Russell Crowe &amp; Danielle Spencer split after '9 yrs of marriage'", "text": "Danielle Spencer, who has split from Russell Crowe after nine years of marriage, is expected to walk away with a settlement predictably estimated at 25 million dollars, it has been revealed.According to the Sydney Morning Herald , the decision to separate is amicable with both parents committed to protecting their boys.The couple has two children together, Charles, 8, and Tennyson, 6.The 48-year-old actor is said to have thrown himself into work as a result of the devastating break-up, the Mirror reported.It continues that the children will remain with the 43-year-old Australian actress while her now-estranged husband continues filming the biblical epic 'Noah' in the US.The news of their split is expected to be a massive shock to showbiz types in Australia as they were believed to have had a steady marriage.Even though there were rumours surrounding their relationship in June, the couple quickly acted to show unity.The duo first met 22 years ago on the set of 'The Crossing', where they began a romance before splitting up when the 'Gladiator' star went overseas to pursue fame.In their time apart, Crowe had a high publicised love affair with Meg Ryan before returning to Australia to rekindle his relationship with Spencer.They married in a purpose built chapel at the actor's farm in April, 2003 after he proposed a year prior.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814411", "title": "Cracks in Mumbai NSG building, Black Cats forced to exit", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a setback to operational preparedness of NSG commandos based in Mumbai, the counterterror unit has been forced to abandon its newly built concrete premises as cracks were found in the structure, rendering it unsafe for use.A squad of 241 'black cat' troopers and support staff, deployed at the newly created hub in the western metropolis to enable the commandos to take swift counter-terror and counter- hijack missions, has been left with not choice but to occupy \"semi-permanent and pre-fabricated\" accomodation in the same complex, officials said.The Mumbai National Security Guard (NSG) hub is located in Marol in suburban Andheri on a 23-acre land given by the Maharashtra government for stationing the crack commandos.\"The commandos are back to the square one as the building has been declared unsafe for living following the appearance of big cracks. They are now living in semi-permanent structures even as they have to stay continuously alert to undertake any operation anytime,\" they said.The building, which has developed cracks, was meant for housing, training and other operational requirements of NSG commandos. The facility was inaugurated in February this year by then home minister P Chidambaram, three years after the hub was conceived in the aftermath of the 26/11 Mumbai attacks of 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814843", "title": "No gates on roads to pandals", "text": "NEW DELHI: Traffic police has instructed all religious committees set to celebrate Durga Puja and Ramlila in the city to ensure that no gates or obstructive structures are placed on roads leading to the puja pandal or celebration site. Non-compliance may result in prosecution. Also, officers on duty have been told to remove any such structure considered risky for road users.Members of several religious committees have reacted strongly, alleging that they were not informed in time and this would severely affect their sponsorships. \"The order has come too late. Just five days are left for the festival to begin and we have already promised our sponsors that their banners will be displayed prominently on the gates. What are we supposed to tell them now? The authorities should have told us in advance or given us a leeway this year,\" said a puja committee member from CR Park.Officials at all police stations and traffic circles have been instructed to ensure that no structure or gate is built on roads and footpaths. Legal actions including registration of criminal cases must be initiated by local and traffic police if these instructions are not complied with by any organizer or group of people, sources said. \"The matter of unauthorized erection of gate/structures was discussed in the commissioner of police's law &amp; order meeting... It has been emphasized to all districts and traffic police officers that no structure or gate of any kind must be allowed on any carriageway or footpath at any time of the year. \"They are not only obstructive for commuters but can be a serious handicap for emergency services in case of mishap\" reads JCP (traffic) Satyendra Garg's order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16815313", "title": "Vijai finds flaws in building laws", "text": "MARGAO: Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai demanded that the state government realize that building bye-laws are \"totally inadequate and approval of building plans by conforming to these bye-laws will only worsen the already near-hopeless situation\".Addressing mediapersons on Saturday, Sardesai demanded that the state government take immediate action to tackle the problem of indiscriminate real estate development in the state and said that \"lack of planning regarding parking of vehicles, garbage collection and water and power supply is affecting the lives of citizens in urban and semi-urban areas of Goa\".The Fatorda MLA appealed to all authorities, including the TCP Minister, TCP department, PDAs and municipalities, to coordinate and take action to remedy the shortcomings.Sardessai said to monitor projects in Fatorda, he has formed a three-member panel, comprising Ernest Moniz, Dilip Prabhu Desai and Maendra Alvares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16815189", "title": "Committees to identify accident-prone zones", "text": "PANAJI: In order to ensure smooth traffic flow, the government has constituted a committee in all talukas to identify bus stops and accident-prone zones in their respective areas.The committees will be chaired by the deputy collector of the respective area. The officials concerned will be members of the committee. These include the police inspector, assistant engineer (roads) of the PWD, member of the road transport authority and the assistant director of transport of the area will be the member secretary.Besides identifying bus stops and accident-prone zones, the committee will also identify parking places, identify locations for different signages to be placed and guide and assist the municipal and village road safety and traffic management committees in their respective areas.The committee is supposed to meet regularly and submit its progress report to the director of transport. The committee is also mandated to submit its final report, without fail to the director of transport by December 31 for onward submission to the task force constituted to formulate the transport policy of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16817088", "title": "Bengalis, Gujaratis all set for Navaratras", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ludhianvis are joyous, as the festive season will shower cheer after a day. With Navaratras starting from Tuesday, Bengalis and Gujaratis in the city are all geared up for the nine-day festival.Around 1,500 Bengali families have started practicing for cultural activities that will mark the celebration.\"Everyone is quite excited as Bangiya Samsad will celebrate its 50th Durga Puja in the city. All traditions and rituals will be followed while holding the prayer,\" said Tapash Banarjee, a member of Bangiya Samsad and resident of Dugri. Like every year, an artist from West Bengal had started making the goddess' idol three months before the start of Navaratras.The artist, Ravindra Bakura, 50, said, \"I have been coming to Ludhiana to make the idol since 22 years. It is great to see the community celebrate the festival with great gusto.\"Fifty-five Gujarati families here, too, are eagerly looking forward to the festival season. All set to play 'garba' and 'dandiya', most of them are getting their dresses and 'dandiya' sticks from Gujarat. Daksha Behn, 50, a homemaker of BRS Nagar who is teaching kids 'garba' and 'dandiya' said, \"I am happy they are enthusiastic about the festival and folk dance.\" Dinesh Mehta, 41, a resident of BRS Nagar, said, \"Our Punjabi friends too will join in. It will be one big party.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16815523", "title": "CPI cadres to join CPM in Dharmapuri", "text": "COIMBATORE: Embarrassed over the alleged soft pedaling of party leadership including state secretary D Pandian towards ruling AIADMK, more than 6,000 card carrying members of CPI in Dharmapuri district will join CPM on Monday by organising a massive merger conference in Pennagaram in the district. The decision, which may severely affect the already disrupted left unity in the state, is coming at a time when the state executive of CPI met in Coimbatore to discuss a number of burning organisational issues including the high drop-out rate from the party.According to party insiders, the total number of CPI's card carrying members in Dharmapuri comes around 9,000 and the moving out of the majority from the party would eclipse its presence further in the district, which was once a traditional citadel of the undivided communist party . While outgoing leaders targeting Pandian and his soft corner to Jayalalithaa government, CPM is all set to exploit the situation. A galaxy of CPM state leaders including state secretary G Ramakrishnan and senior leader K Balakrishnan will attend the meeting scheduled on Monday to receive the CPI activists to its fold.The CPI faction that merge with CPM include party national council member Deva Periban, former district secretary and state committee member P Ilamparuthi, state executive members M Arumugam and R Venkataraman and former AIYF state president Sisupalan. Talking to TOI over phone, Ilambaruthi said the 6,000 cadres would represent more than 20,000 party sympathizers and those who working in class and mass movements. \"We have turned a disenchanted lot soon after Pandian returned to the party after his long sojourn with Mohitsen's splinter group and Congress. Our differences are purely political and the decision to not field a candidate in Pudukottai byelection to favour AIADMK came as a rude shock for us. The party state executive held in Coimbatore was mere eyewash and the party had failed to make even a feeble voice when the government increased bus fare and power tariff. How Pandian can justify his political stand when Jayalalithaa forging alliance with BJP in the next Lok Sabha election,'' asks Ilamparuthi. He also questions the rationale of Pandian in supporting a leader who practicing soft Hindutva and regarding Narendra Modi as her mentor.According to Ilamparuthi, he had over 43 years of active party work and during the period, he occupied the district secretary post for over a quarter century. We are leaving CPI as the party has forsaken working class politics and started behaving like a bourgeois party. The present leaders are least concerned of Communist organizational set up and mass mobilization,'' said Deva Pariban.When contacted, CPI district secretary B C Najappa expressed confidence that the moving out of some dissiliutioned cadres would in no way affect the party. They were inactive for long and their exit would not cause any damage to the mass appeal of the party,'' he said. Meanwhile, the issue raised concerns in the state executive meeting, where some leaders expressed anxiety over the party losing leaders and cadres to other parties. It was only in May this year, Villupuram district secretary A V Stalinmani had left CPI to join CPM.P Dillibabu MLA of CPM said when contacted that the party's organizational set up in Dharmapuri would be strengthened further with the arrival of CPI cadres. We have very good mass following in the district through the espousing of various burning social issues like police atrocities in Vachathi. The arrival of CPI cadres would help us focus more on larger public issues,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16816341", "title": "Police bust fake lottery racket in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The Ichak police on Sunday seized fake lottery tickets worth Rs 10 lakh during a raid and arrested three persons in this connection. The arrested persons have been identified as Kutum Skri, Uma Shankar Sah and Mohd Minhas.The latter was involved in selling the lottery tickets.DSP Satish Chandra Jha said a police team headed by Ichak police station OC Ravi Shankar Singh conducted the raid following a tip off that forged lottery tickets worth Rs 10 lakh were floated in the market for sale to innocent people during the Durga Puja.All the three were arrested and sent to judicial custody.In another incident, a gang of criminals entered the showroom of Gajraj Automobiles near Hazaribagh Circuit House on NH-33 and decamped with Rs 1.67 lahk late on Saturday evening. According to information available, six criminals overpowered the security guard at the showroom at the dead of night, broke open the lock and looted the cash kept in the locker.The DSP said police on the basis of some information gathered from the security guard have started investigation.\"We hope to make breakthrough into the case very soon,\" the DSP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16817582", "title": "Kartik mahotsav samiti demands cleaner ghats", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Office-bearers of the Kartik Mahotsava Ayojan Samiti have demanded cleanliness at the Baluaghat and other ghats of the city in view of the Kartik Mela which would begin from October 30.The mela would continue for a month in which people would throng the ghats of the city and take a dip in the Ganga in the morning hours.In this connection, general secretary of Kartik Mahotsava Ayojan Samiti Shashank Shekhar Pandey has written to the municipal commissioner demanding cleanliness at the ghat and sprinkling of insecticides in the area.Further, the samiti members have also demanded repair of the broken steps of the Baradari, saying the whole structure should be whitewashed.They have also demanded 30 sanitary workers be deputed at the ghat so that cleanliness arrangements could be ensured and movement of stray animals restricted in the mela area.They requested police administration to set up a temporary chowki in the area like in the previous years.Further, adequate police force should be deputed at the place so that all ceremonies can be held peacefully.The traffic police should be posted in the area and arrangements made for restricting movement of heavy vehicles from Katghar crossing to Baluaghat crossing during the mela period, said samiti members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16814953", "title": "Under-construction US gurdwara destroyed in fire", "text": "WASHINGTON: An under-construction gurdwara, which was set to serve Portland metro area's largest Sikh community in the Washington state, was destroyed in a massive fire apparently caused by gas leak.The former athletic-club-turned-Sikh-gurdwara, valued at $ 213,000, burned to the ground early Friday after the fire sparked just before 2:30 am local time at the 17,000 square-foot property in the east Vancouver Landover-Sharmel neighbourhood, \"The Columbian\" reported. The Guru Ramdass Sikh Community, the largest Sikh group in the Portland metro area with about 200 member families, had bought the building in 2008 and had nearly completed renovations.They planned to move from their small Rose Village gurdwara on O Street to the new building in December, the Sikh group's member Gurjit Singh was quoted as saying. \"It was devastating,\" group president Sarabjeet Teja said of the fire. \"We've been working on this the last four years.\"The gurdwara stood in charred ruins as smoke filled the neighbourhood. Parts of debris of the building were spotted in yards hundreds of feet away.The building is a total loss, said Vancouver Fire Dept. spokesman Capt. Kevin Murray . According to county property records, it was valued at $213,000.Murray said the fire was reported by neighbours. When the first engine arrived seven minutes later, the entire building was engulfed in flames, he said. \"The captain on Engine 10 said it was the largest fire he had ever seen and he's a 25-year veteran,\" Murray said. Two men, believed to be construction contractors, were staying in the building. They were awakened by the fire and escaped without injury, Murray said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16816820", "title": "Four leopards killed every week: Study", "text": "BANGALORE: At least four leopards are being poached and their body parts traded illegally every week. And this has been happening for at least 10 years in India, said a study, 'Illuminating the Blind Spot: A study on illegal trade in leopard' .Drawn up by TRAFFIC, the wildlife trade monitoring network, the study documents 420 seizures of leopard skins, bones and other body parts from 209 localities in 21 of 35 territories during 2001-2010 .The study revealed that Bangalore is a major nodal point in this illegal wildlife trade.\"My study hints at the fact that animal skins are all assembled here and then shipped to South Asian countries. From there they are transported to China. Needless to say, China is a big market for leopard skin products,\" said Vanjulavalli Sridhar, officer trainee, Indian Forest Services (IFS), who did the study.Vanjulavalli based her study on samples collected between December 2011 and May 2012 as part of her MSc in Wildlife Biology and Conservation , National Centre for Biological Sciences (NCBS), Bangalore. Now she is stationed in Hyderabad for her foundation course of IFS.Study on illegal trade\"I used samples of confiscated leopard skins and extracted DNA from them. All samples, part of my study, were confiscated in Karnataka. Based on that, I traced the animals' origin,\" said Vanjulavalli.She collected leopard skins from 18 forest offices in Karnataka and categorized them into small and big seizures. While she could lay her hands on 22 skins from 18 such small seizures in Karnataka, she got 21 skins from the one big seizure that happened in the state.Substitute to tigerNearly 90% of reported leopard seizures in India comprised only skins, making them the dominant body part found in illegal trade during the 10-year period. Other body parts, particularly bones, are known to be prescribed as substitutes for tiger parts in traditional Asian medicine.Target: Male leopardsMore male leopards are poached in the country than female ones. The male leopards are bigger in size, and in all likelihood, earn poachers a handsome amount. Significantly, the number of female leopards is more than that of malesVanjulavalli Sridhar | Officer trainee, Indian Forest Services", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16814415", "title": "Not more than 6 months left for UPA-II: Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee has given the Congress-led UPA government \"between two and six months\" and wants the Trinamool Congress to become the nucleus of an anti-Congress front which, she thinks, will decimate the Grand Old Party in the next general elections.The Bengal chief minister, in an interview with Ei Samay, the new Bengali daily from The Times of India stable, made it clear that nothing \u2014 not even the \"needless tension\" over the fate of the railway projects in the state \u2014 would force her off the route of strident anti-Congressism that she has charted out for herself. Instead, she would strive to raise the pitch higher to install a non-Congress, non-BJP government at the Centre, Banerjee said in her first exclusive conversation with a newspaper in recent times.\"Take it from me: if I understand even a little of politics, the Manmohan Singh government is not going to last more than six months,\" she said during the chat, when she played superwoman, responsible politician, a victim of circumstances but, most importantly, a David from one state taking on the might of a Goliath (the Centre).Banerjee's answers, whenever the conversation turned to the Congress, took on that pitch of stridency and revealed how far she had travelled from the party with which she shared resources to demolish the apparently-invincible Left Front in Bengal. One invective that she reserved for the Congress was \"pocha shamuk\". Literal translation would mean \"rotten snails\"; in the context, it would imply something that is decaying and yet dangerous. \"Does anyone keep pocha shamuk? You'd only hurt yourself,\" she said.A few seconds before that, Banerjee likened the state of the Congress-led government to that of a brain-dead patient. \"A brain-dead patient can be kept on ventilator. Everyone knows the patient has died but no one wants to pull the plug despite knowing that it has to be done some time,\" she said, explaining why she had taken the lead in \"belling the cat\". \"Taking the lead is part of Bengal's political tradition,\" Banerjee said.And the recent policy changes (widely hailed by business and industry as much-needed reforms) had forced her hand, she said. \"What option did we have? How can I be a part of policy changes that spell doom for retailers and expose even pension and insurance to the whims of the market?\" she said.The Bengal CM also allayed the widespread fears about the fate of the ongoing railway projects in Bengal because of her anti-Centre posturing. \"The Planning Commission has already approved the plans for 16 railway factories that I proposed as the railway minister and funds have already been allocated. Besides, where is the question of the Congress scuttling all these projects when it's not going to be in power for too long?\" she said, adding for effect, \"Don't think I am a fool. I have been railway minister twice.\"Another issue where Banerjee ruled out any compromise was the vexed land-for-industry debate. \"I will not change the policy just to benefit a few people. I have come to a decision after carefully considering who this would benefit, Bengal's poor or some vested interests. I will not deviate from the Trinamool pre-poll manifesto,\" she said, striving to hold on to her friends-of-the-poor image and making it abundantly clear that being pro-poor, for her, was much more important than being pro-industry.Banerjee also indicated how, along with her anti-Centre and anti-Congress politics, the politician in her would continue to encash her inheritance of loss from the CPM. This inheritance, according to her, included the total absence of democracy in Bengal for 34 years, the marginalization of the minorities and the slide in sectors like industry and agriculture. \"Shouldn't you look at the problems I inherited when you are criticizing me? It takes time for a crematorium to be turned into a garden,\" Banerjee said.This inheritance, combined with the Centre's negative attitude to Bengal, would take its toll on the state's progress. \"I am willing to pay for the sins of my predecessors. But can't we expect a little bit of flexibility,\" she asked.All these negatives would have scared off anyone else or would have led to a heart attack, Banerjee said. \"It's only because I am Mamata Bandyopadhyay that neither has happened till date,\" she said with a smile, something that one rarely catches her doing these days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16817327", "title": "Naan Ee star\u2019s Facebook \u2018profile\u2019 mocks CM", "text": "CHENNAI: On Sunday evening, actor 'Kiccha' Sudeep, who starred in the box office hit 'Naan Ee' , was shocked to find that his Facebook profile was hacked into, and photographs mocking Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa was posted online.\"I have nothing to do with politics, but more importantly it is not my profile. Someone has created a similar profile and posted these pictures,\" he said. \"The perpetrator is trying to create chaos, but I have nothing to do with it,\" the Kannada actor said in a statement to the media.The actor will file a complaint with the cyber police on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814685", "title": "Delhi school van driver held for rape", "text": "NEW DELHI: A school van driver was arrested for allegedly raping a 12-year-old girl here.Nitish Kumar (22), a south Delhi resident, was caught by RWA members while he was committing the crime. The victim is a Class V student. Kumar was later handed over to the police.\"The accused had earlier tried to rape the girl twice, in December last year and January this year. He threatened the victim with dire consequences if she revealed the incident,\" said a police officer. \"A case was registered against Kumar after victim's medical report confirmed rape,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16817010", "title": "Package deals aplenty, so pack your bags", "text": "MYSORE: Here's an opportunity for those who have not seen tourist and religious places in and around Mysore. KSRTC rural divisional authorities are offering special tour packages at subsidized rates for two weeks from Tuesday.KSRTC divisional controller (rural) T R Naveen said that they are conducting three special tours - Giri Darshini, Jala Darshini and Deva Darshini - to take tourists around hilly region, waterfall, religious place and other tourist spots in Mysore, Chamarajanagar, Kodagu and Mandya.GET DETAILS HEREThe daylong tour will facilitate the tourists to visit several places at subsidized cost. For reservations, call 7760990822 or visit Avatar reservation counter at the suburban bus stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16815236", "title": "Protesters want arrest in suicide", "text": "VASCO: About 50 workers of Zuari industries limited took a morcha at the Verna police station on Saturday, demanding the arrest of the accused behind the suicide case of their colleague Sanjay Desai. Ashok Naik, who led the morcha, said, \"Dalip Kumar the former security officer in charge of ZIL, who was supposed to be arrested by the police is roaming around in the state freely.\"Verna's new PI Rajesh Kumar met a delegation of five members and said that he will study the case and then take appropriate action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16817483", "title": "Bhupen statue to greet people at Santipur Sluice Gate puja", "text": "GUWAHATI: A six feet mechanized statue of Bhupen Hazarika will greet people at the puja pandal of Santipur Sluice Gate Sarbajanin Puja this year. The puja committee members came up the idea of erecting a statue of Hazarika as he represents the heart and soul of Assam.However, Hazarika will not be the only attraction at this puja as the revelers will also be given an opportunity to witness the sinking of the Titanic. The sinking of the ship is being displayed to commemorate the centenary of the disaster.The Santipur Sluice Gate Sarbajanin Puja Committee is quite popular among revellers for their theme-based pandals. With a budget of around fifteen lakh, the pandal will be made on a model of a Thailand Buddhist temple this year. The insides of the pandal are being made of 'tokou' leaves and the interior panels will depict scenes from the Ramayana and scenes from village life as well. A 26 feet mechanized whale will also be put into display on one of the two ponds of Pragjyotish College, which lies opposite the pandal, for children.Last year, the pandal was built like the Capitol Hill building of Washington DC in pure white. In 2010, the theme of the committee was the Titanic.The committee has roped in a sculptor and designer from Kolkata this year. \"Monjit Das, the Kolkata-based sculptor, who will be making the main idol, has been involved with us for a while now,\" said magazine secretary Manoj Das. He added, \"The depiction of Titanic will be done through lighting and laser show. There will be a mechanized rickshaw that will have an old couple on its seat talking about the puja and this will be done by Satyaban Kalita, a Palasbari-based lighting designer. Bhupen Hazarika's music will be playing in the background through out.\"The idol of the goddess has been made to represent a regular woman. The sari of the idol will be made of soil. \"I want to thank Kamal Das, the president of the committee and Nilav Jyoti Das for their hard work. We have been winning awards for quite a few years now and we will be striving to win awards this year too. The Sluice Gate Puja Committee was formed in1996,\" said Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16815811", "title": "Ethical hacker invited to Australia", "text": "PATNA: A Bihari youth, Deepak Kumar, who is a renowned ethical hacker, has been invited to Australia to train the local police officers in solving cases related to cyber crime. He will be in Australia from November 11 to 13.Deepak has already given such training to the police officials in Germany. He has organized training programmes on cyber crimes in more than 300 educational institutions, including IITs and IIMs, and his book titled 'Ethical hacking - a new dimension' has already hit the international market. He has solved more than 39 cyber-related crimes, including Varanasi blast, and has received several awards from state governments of Delhi, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Orissa and Jharkhand.HoD resigns: Patna University (PU) economics department head Rai Murari has resigned from the headship on personal grounds.In a letter addressed to the vice-chancellor, Shambhunath Singh, Murari preferred to serve as a teacher in B N College where he taught for about 40 years before becoming the head of the PG department. He has also resigned from the membership of various statutory committees, including moderation board of the university.According to sources, Asha Singh of Magadh Mahila College is likely to be appointed the new head of PU economics department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "madhubani", "code": "16815534", "title": "Madhubani firing toll goes up to 2", "text": "MADHUBANI: With no report of any violence from any part of the district on Sunday, things are fast returning to normal after two days of violence and arson and the administration seems all geared up to face any eventuality in view of the opposition-sponsored Bihar bandh call for Monday.Meanwhile, with the news of the death of Ravindra Yadav of village Kuarh, who was among the three persons injured in police firing at Jainagar on Saturday and was sent to Darbhanga Medical College Hospital and then referred to Patna Medical College Hospital, reaching Madhubani some people blocked the Madhubani-Jainagar highway near DB College, Jainagar. New SP Ranjit Mishra was talking to the people involved at the time of filing of this report.With the death of Ravindra Yadav, the toll in police firings in the district has gone up to two. One Nishant Jha of village Karuna under Basopatti block died in police firing at Madhubani on October 12. Two more persons injured in police firing at Jainagar on Saturday and three others injured in firing at Madhubani are under treatment. Both the DM and the SP have dismissed as rumours the reports of death of any of these persons.Of the 27 undertrial prisoners who were set free before the police van carrying them was set afire by the angry mob of students on Friday last at Madhubani, 22 have already returned. The five missing prisoners include a Pakistani national, Hamidur Rahman of Karachi.The new DM and the SP, Lokesh Singh and Ranjit Mishra respectively, said at a press conference late on Saturday that no one guilty of causing damages to public property on Friday and Saturday would be spared and action would be initiated against them after thorough investigation. The DM admitted that the crowd at Jainagar, Basopatti and Khajauli on Saturday was large but the actual troublemakers were only a few. They were identified and action would be initiated against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16815889", "title": "CM Nitish Kumar gearing up to challenge Lalu Prasad on his turf?", "text": "GAYA: Apparent patronage being given to infamous former legislator and Taufir Diara carnage accused Ranvir Yadav, choice of hosts at places like Nawada and Aurangabad, and efforts being made to bring Gaya mayor Vibha Devi Yadav and Zila Parishad vice chairman Sheetal Yadav to the JD(U) fold, tend to suggest that chief minister Nitish Kumar is wooing the Yadavas to widen his support base and challenge 'Bade Bhai' Lalu Prasad on his own turf.Believers in value-based politics may raise eyebrows over Ranvir and Kaushal Yadav, MLA, both of whom have been hitting headlines for wrong reasons.Gaya Zila Parishad vice president Sheetal Yadav, the likely entrant to the extended JD(U) family, is being seen as proxy for Bindi Yadav of the Bachhu-Bindi duo that held Gaya to ransom for the better part of the RJD regime. Bindi, it may be recalled, last year, was slapped with treason charges following the recovery of a huge cache of ammunition meant for supply to the Maoists from his SUV. Sheetal owes everything to his brother. According to political observers, the perceived pampering of Ranvir Yadav and inclusion of Kaushal Yadav in the hitherto restricted inner circle of the JD(U), signals Nitish's preparation for life without BJP in the state. Nitish, has first to find new friends before pronouncing political Talaq and the apparent wooing of the Yadavas was part of the strategy. Once out of the BJP company, Nitish needs the support of a politically aggressive and ambitious caste.Nitish Kumar has already consolidated his position among the minorities through gestures and an aggressive anti-Modi positioning and if he succeeds in winning over a section of the Yadavas or even blunting the caste's hostility, it may be of great political help to him.Like Nitish's Nawada host Kaushal Yadav, Deva Yadav, CM's Aurangabad 'Adhikar Yatra' host too, is a very influential person of his community. Asked if the CM was wooing the Yadavas, Atri MLA Krishna Nandan Yadav said being the practitioner of the inclusive brand of politics, Nitish Kumar has been trying to take along every section of the society and there was nothing wrong with it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16815403", "title": "Focus Energy locates new gas reserves in Jaisalmer", "text": "JAISALMER: After GAIL found new oil reserves in Ganganagar last month, now Focus Energy last week hit upon huge reserves of gas in three wells in SJL field at RJON/06 in the Shahgarh Bulj area in Jaisalmer at a depth of 3,170m.Focus Energy is still digging four new wells where the chances of finding gas reserves are high. Focus Energy is using modern technology for exploring oil and gas. The firm has also applied to the state government for making new air strip to ferry the experts in charted planes. The Ministry of defence has also approved it.Gas reserves have been found at a depth between 3,150m-3,170m. The pressure of gas is very good and around 3 lakh cubic metres of gas can be produced per day per well for over 20 years.Sources said the quality of gas is also very good with a calorific value of 7,000-7,200. its flammable quantity is 70%-72%. The three wells taken together, till now focus energy has found gas reserves in nearly nine wells. The wells are situated in the Langtala area whereas in Bachia area drilling is going on in some wells.Sources said that Focus Energy was allotted 4026 square km area in RJ ON/06 block in Shahgarh Bulj area, in which over 30 wells were dug. At present Focus is generating 70 lakh cubic feet gas and is supplying to Ramgarh Thermal power project. The company has also prepared for the new unit coming at ramgarh power project for which pipeline has been laid.Looking to the hidden gas reserves, the firm has asked the state government to provide land for setting up of gas processing plants.A source said the proposal for land allotment for air strip has been sent to the state government.Similarly, Oil India has got indications of oil reserves in the second well being dug in the Nachna area in Jaisalmer. Oil India in August had dug an well and found huge oil reserves. In Jaisalmer, Oil India has been producing 7 lakh cubic metres of oil and ONGC is producing 0.50 lakh cubic metres of gas. Apart from this, GSPL and Saw companies in Jaisalmer in Ramgarh area are doing a seismic survey. With new gas reserves being found in Thar desert, the future looks bright.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16816768", "title": "Vadra issue politically motivated: Veerappa Moily", "text": "MANGALORE: Union minister for Corporate Affairs and Power Veerappa Moily has termed the charges levelled by India Against Corruption (IAC) leader Arvind Kejriwal against Robert Vadra, son-in-law of UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi, politically motivated.Interacting with reporters here on Sunday, Moily said the allegations that Vadra received a \"little bit of help from friends\" to get his real estate business going was an attempt to sully his image in public. He also questioned the locus standi of Kejriwal in making these allegations. \"Reacting to such baseless allegations will only add credence to them,\" he said.Kejriwal had accused Robert Vadra of obtaining unsecured loans from city-based Corporation Bank in the form of an overdraft to kickstart his real estate business. However, the bank has clarified that it has not extended any such facility to Vadra.SONIA'S VISITOn the scheduled visit of Sonia Gandhi to Mangalore on Thursday, Moily said her visit is all set to invigorate the rank and file of the party across the state. \"Sonia Gandhi is the longest serving chairperson of AICC and an able leader of the party,\" Moily said, adding that she has the ability to lead the Congress and ensure that all leaders set aside their differences and work unitedly to achieve the common goals for the party in the forthcoming elections.Moily exuded confidence that the Congress would do well in the polls in Karnataka as and when they are held. Asserting that the party would win with a two-third majority, Moily said no party will be able to stop the rise of the Congress in the state. The party will initiate probe into various corrupt dealings of the state government when it comes to power, he said, adding there has been no turnaround in administration despite the change in chief ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "vizianagaram", "code": "16814170", "title": "Minor raped in front of 5 kids", "text": "VIZIANAGARAM: A 13-year-old girl was allegedly raped by a 30-year-old washerman in Thotapalem in Vizianagaram district. Following a complaint, the accused, Polupalli Venu, was taken into custody on Sunday and a case was registered.Police said Venu of Muthyavani Cheruvu area lured the victim along with five others to his home on Friday on the pretext of buying them chocolates. Venu's wife, a domestic maid, had left for work and the parents of the girls were also not around when the accused committed the crime.OSD of Vizianagaram D Srinivas told TOI that Venu raped the 13-year-old girl even as he forced the other girls, aged below 10 years, to watch the heinous act. He later took nude pictures of the girl. He also took indecent pictures of the other girls after gagging their mouths and threatened to exhibit them if the girls tried to reveal his actions.The girls brought the matter to their teachers on Saturday who, in turn, apprised their parents. On Sunday, the parents approached the police. Police took Venu into custody on the same day. The girl was sent for a medical checkup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814106", "title": "Corporate job plan for J&K; a flop show", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rahul Gandhi may have grabbed eyeballs by leading industry captains to Jammu and Kashmir to test investment opportunities but the Centre is struggling to keep afloat another partnership with the private sector for training and placement of 8,000 J&K; youth every year.Corporates like TCS, HCL, Wipro and Future Group, which had signed up to train software engineers and other J&K; professionals under Udaan \u2014 a scheme piloted by the home ministry as part of the Centre's skill development initiative for J&K; - have been slow in delivering on the committed volumes, blaming procedural impediments and the ongoing recession.The Centre, disappointed that just 139 J&K; youth were trained under Udaan since its launch in March this year, that too with a nil placement record, has been forced to redraw the scheme to suit the corporates better.The altered terms of the Udaan policy propose to cut down the period of training at facilities of the corporate partners from the existing nine months to a year to a \"more realistic\" six months, besides making the expenditure heads under the overall Rs 1,000 crore budget for the scheme, flexible.So, a trainee who was extended a fixed Rs 4,000 as travel expenses to his place of training will now get a reimbursement up to Rs 10,000. Similarly, the Rs 300 daily reimbursement for boarding and lodging of the trainee is proposed to be raised to Rs 500 per day. A separate liaisoning agency will be engaged to help the private sector scout for and shortlist qualified youth that suit the job profile sought by the corporates registered with Udaan.A budget of Rs 20 crore will be earmarked for advertisement and publicity to ensure that the private entities can reach out to as many Kashmiri youth as possible, through the proposed liaisoning agency. The idea is to go beyond just colleges and universities and also target unemployed professionals.Concerned at the abysmal placement record under Udaan, the Centre has offered to extend the Rs 10,000 placement incentive to the training firm even if fails to absorb the trainee but finds him employment with another firm. According to sources, many engineers in J&K; have refused to relocate outside the state as they find the Rs 15,000 monthly salary being offered by the corporates, too little.The Cabinet note on the redrafted Udaan scheme will be moved for approval soon. Though private companies have so far committed to train around 16,000 youth under Udaan, they have cited difficulties in tracking and picking prospective candidates in view of their limited knowledge of the J&K; market.The state government's reluctance to cooperate in organizing roadshows and reaching out to the youth has prevented the scheme from really taking off. The MHA now seeks to correct this anomaly by engaging a private liaisoning agency for putting out advertisements, helping the corporates organize roadshows and matching job applicants with the skills sought.\"We expect the response to the scheme to get a boost after the changes we seek to make in Udaan... hopefully, around 5,000-6,000 trainees may get picked in the coming months,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16814470", "title": "'State lacks proven entrepreneurship'", "text": "KOCHI: Even though Kerala government propagates that the state is witnessing a significant rise in investment and entrepreneurial activities, no proven stories of entrepreneurship are happening here, said N R Panicker, a successful Malayali entrepreneur who has set up his business outside the state.Panicker, the chairman and chief executive officer of Chennai-based Accel Frontline Ltd, is also a mentor of start-up firms and member of the Kerala and Tamil Nadu chapters of The Indus Entrepreneurs (TiE), a Silicon Valley-based networking organisation of professionals.He said that start-ups are thriving in cities like Bangalore, New Delhi, Mumbai, Hyderabad and Chennai as they have a developed investment eco system in place.\"Indian Angel Network, which has nationwide presence, was set up by the members of TiE. Apart from this, there are 100 venture capital firms and 30 to 40 private equity companies in the country, but their presence is low in Kerala,\" he noted.\"In order to attract venture capital funding, you need a validated and sensible business idea, a robust and scalable business model, and professionally written business proposal. Age, qualification and experience also are important while venture capitalists invest in projects,\" Panicker said.His company, started in 1991 with Rs 50,000 capital, has utilized the venture capital funding to expand the business into the US, UK, Singapore, Dubai, Japan and Israel. The investment eco system in the country has progressed much, compared to the early 1990s when Panicker had started off as an entrepreneur.\"Today, life is different for young entrepreneurs. If your idea is good, you will get an angel investor to subscribe to the idea and investment then flows,\" he observed.In the upcoming TiEcon Kerala 2012 conference, Panicker will chair a session on how to convert an idea into a successful business on October 25 at Le Meridien, Kochi.TiEcon will also provide an opportunity for the entrepreneurs in the state to network with investors, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "16816299", "title": "Free health camp for skin ailments", "text": "GUMLA: A free health check-up camp was held for people suffering from various skin ailments on Palkot road here here on Sunday. The health was organized by skin specialist Dr Amlan Shom.Since the district government hospital has no doctor for treatment of skin diseases, residents of different age groups in the town attended the camp. As skin specialists could be seen only in four-five big cities, it was not affordable for many despite having skin problems.Local organizer Chitranjan Mishra said over 150 people, including women and children, were examined by Shom free of cost. Shom said there are several reasons for rise in skin diseases these days such as use of various chemical products including soaps, face cream hair colour, pollution and modern lifestyle etc.Moreover, he said people are now more aware about skin diseases and seek treatment. \"That is why more cases of skin ailments are now treated at the various derma care clinics. With advance treatment techniques like phototherapy, skin grafting, allergy test, chemical peeling, electro and cryosurgeries, radio frequency surgery, laser facial Q Switched Nad Yag skin ailments of various types can be treated,\" he added.He said cases of skin problems are found more in the towns than the villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16815909", "title": "Shortcomings in Member of Parliament Local Area Development schemes, says Comptroller and Auditor General", "text": "JAIPUR: Serious shortcomings and lapses were noticed in the implementation of 'Member of Parliament Local Area Development scheme' (MPLADs) in Rajasthan during Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India audit.The report of CAG (Civil-Local Bodies) for the year ended March 2010 was tabled during the recently concluded assembly session here.The CAG noticed several deficiencies and shortcomings in the implementation of the Centre-sponsored plan scheme aimed at enabling MPs to cater to local requirements through the creation of assets and to provide facilities in their respective constituencies.Diversion of funds, execution of various inadmissible and prohibited works, non-maintenance of assets register, incomplete work, delays in sanction and incompletion of works figured during the audit.There were cases where MPs delayed recommendations or did not forward in prescribed format or sent without cost estimates whereas district authorities delayed sanction or did not adhere guidelines for sanction and failed to apply the necessary checks and balances provided in the scheme guidelines.Misuse of 8 assets created at a cost of Rs 19.50 lakh was also found during physical verification, according to the report.Out of the 8 assets/buildings (4-Dausa, 2 Sikar, one each in SriGanganagar and Tonk), community centres were being used for residential purposes by families of local residents, contractors and class rooms were being used as staff recreation rooms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16814941", "title": "Rapper Honey Singh enthralls over 6000-strong audience", "text": "GURGAON: This is not the first time he has performed in the NCR but rapper Honey Singh, the man behind hits like 'Brown Rang' and 'Angrezi Beat', still manages to pull a large number of crowd at his gigs. The rapper performed at the Huda Gymkhana club yesterday in the presence of more than 6000 people. His hour and a long performance was not enough for people as they kept chanting \"We want more\". Singh shot to fame when his track 'Brown Rang' went viral on YouTube.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16817129", "title": "Flamenco music spices up evening", "text": "LUDHIANA: The people who attended the concert by flamenco guitarist Aman Singh at an Italian cafe along Malhar Road, enjoyed each moment of the performance. Saurabh Dhall, owner of the cafe and one of the organizers said, \"The music was passionate, dramatic and lively and it transported the crowd to the romantic vineyards of Spain. Well known compositions by Juan Martin, Nino Rota and Raymond Au were played beautifully with the signature 'golpe' beats, adding to the mood of the evening.\"\"I first heard Aman at a private do and decided to introduce him through a public concert,\" Dhall said, while adding that they got a good response for the concert. He claimed that such an event was probably held for the first time in the city.Akash Gulati, a businessman from Civil Lines who attended the concert, said, \"While flamenco has been made popular by recent Bollywood movies like \"Guzarish,\" and \"Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara\", the flamenco guitar is truly unique and is rarely heard in India. I quite enjoyed this music and it was a totally different experience for me.\" He said, \"After quality music, I relished some Italian food.\"Ritu Chawla, owner of a coaching institute who had come for the event with her husband Gautam Chawla, a chartered accountant and son Aryav, said, \"What I liked about flamenco guitarist Aman Singh was that even as he played the guitar, he did a little tapping on the guitar, which made the sounds interesting. The music reminded me of the song \"Senorita\" from \" Zindagi Milegi Na Dobara\" and \"Udi\" from \"Guzaarish\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16814770", "title": "More budgetary powers likely for Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation", "text": "HYDERABAD: With several works proposed for the Conference of Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity (CoP-11) not taken up and even those that were taken up not completed due to limited financial power and contractors' problems, the state government has decided to enhance the financial power of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC).Official sources said chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy has okayed the proposal enhancing budgetary powers of the corporation to Rs five crore a few days ago. The law department also reportedly cleared the draft proposal for making necessary amendments to the GHMC Act. Once the GHMC Act is amended in the forthcoming Assembly session, the standing committee could approve works up to Rs two crore from the existing Rs 50 lakh and the GHMC council can okay works worth Rs five crore. Any work costing over Rs five crore would have to go to the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department for administrative clearance.The sources said GHMC had recently faced many problems in taking up civic works, especially for CoP-11, as the standing committee can sanction works only up to Rs 50 lakh. Works worth over Rs 50 lakh should be cleared by the MA&UD; department by way of administrative sanction.As the process of getting administrative sanction takes nearly a year, GHMC had to split CoP-11 works and gave them to contractors. For instance, footpath works on both sides of Banjara Hills were estimated at Rs two crore. Since the government's clearance takes time, with the permission of the standing committee, the work was split into five parts and given to contractors.GHMC officials said with limited financial powers, it took over three months to finalise tenders. As many works were split, there was no proper coordination between contractors, who got the same work in some stretches. The officials claimed they played spoilsport at places like Mini Charminar to NAC gate where the contractor could not complete the drain work. Apart from this, many contractors quoted less than the estimated amount mainly to secure the work and could not complete them.The worst-hit were drains and footpaths. GHMC had proposed storm water drain works on stretches like Nims to Punjagutta, Road No.2, 3 of Banjara Hills, Road No.36 of Jubilee Hills to Jubilee Ridge Hotel and SD Eye Hospital to NMDC in view of CoP-11. Since many were not completed due to paucity of time, the GHMC had confined to rectification of water stagnation at Shilparamam and other areas.\"Of the Rs 30 crore worth works proposed, the corporation could complete works worth only Rs 8-9 crore. Similarly, footpath works were proposed for about Rs 30 crore, but GHMC could spend only Rs 15 crore. However, the unfinished works would be completed after CoP-11,\" GHMC commissioner M T Krishna Babu told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16815803", "title": "Cap likely on Mhada rehab house size", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government may modify norms to increase the size of tenements for people residing in old and dilapidated Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) buildings which go in for redevelopment.To get rid of excessive bargaining and unfair practices used by developers to lure societies, Mhada is toying with the idea of introducing a cap for the maximum size of rehabilitation tenements for such projects.The move will influence redevelopment plans of close to 5,000 societies which house over 1 lakh people.The government offers an FSI of 2.5 for redevelopment of such societies under section 33(5) of the development control regulation.The government has plans to consider 484 sq ft as the maximum flat size in case of low-income group (LIG) projects. This could grow to 600 sq ft in the case of middle-income group projects.With no maximum eligibility cap at present, societies have often fallen into the trap of dubious builders who promise unreasonably high tenement size for rehabilitation flats. Unable to meet the demand later, a number of them have abandoned projects leaving residents high and dry.Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan said last week about 30% of 530 such projects where permission for redevelopment was granted were yet to see any work done. The restriction on the tenement size will also provide a level playing field, sources said.Builders have no reason to complain as the move will result in an increase in the incentive FSI offered to them. According to existing norms, a builder gets an incentive FSI of 300 sq ft for each rehabilitation tenement in the case of LIG projects. The incentive FSI is used for the sale component of the project. If the cap of 484 sq ft is introduced, even the incentive offered will rise proportionately, a source said.The government is likely to retain the condition which requires a builder to share the surplus built-up area (that remaining after accounting for the rehab and incentive component) with Mhada in a 33:67 ratio. A proposal of paying the developer construction cost for the built-up tenements surrendered to Mhada and letting him pay premium at ready reckoner rates for his share is under consideration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16816391", "title": "Ranchiites log in to meet life partners", "text": "RANCHI: Meeting on social networking sites, falling in love and getting married later is now the most common trend. Such is the story of Shireen Sanvi (25) from Ranchi and Ryan Michael Macloed (34) from Washington DC, US. Their love for art brought them closer through a common forum in a social networking site, a year ago. Soon they started talking and before they could realize they were in love, ready to share the rest of their life together. Finally, Ryan decided to come to Ranchi in August this year.Shireen was confident that their love will last forever and she got married on October 11. \"He is not religious but he converted to Islam just to marry me,\" a proud Shireen said. Ryan too is sure of letting their love light up their lives. He is ready to go to any length to keep Shireen happy. \"I am a painter and now painting colours of joy in my married life is my aim,\" Ryan said.Meeting and falling in love on social networking sites is so common these days in Ranchi that Shireen and Ryan are not the only couple to have married knowing each other through online portals. The trend is fast catching up among the youths of the city who prefer friendly chats over scheduled meets, arranged by parents, before marriage.In another instance, Vishal from Khelari met Jacoba from London on a social networking site, got married six months ago and are living happily together. The inclination to marry online buddies became popular during the Orkut era in 2002-03 when a Bengali boy from Ranchi married an Indonesian girl.Happy as the children are with this new-found medium of coming across their soul mates, it gives sleepless nights to the worldly wise parents who worry about the online perils such as fake identity, morphed photographs and false accounts.Arvind Mishra, father of a 23-year-old girl, said, \"I am not for this emerging culture. You never know if the person on the other side is telling the truth. But if my daughter seems adamant on marrying someone she meets online, I would accept the fact and inquire about the person.\"The youths do not relate to these worries. It is the 'cool' tag that lures them to befriend strangers online. Richa Verma, a 22-year-old college girl, said, \"If you can trust people on matrimony websites what is the problem with social networking sites. It's free and you won't even feel hesitant since marriage is not at the back of your mind. You just make friends and eventually might fall in love with one. And obviously, nowadays, you come to know everything about the person through internet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16815423", "title": "Devotees to throng famed 'Colva Fama' on Monday", "text": "MARGAO: Thousands of devotees are expected to converge at the 400-year-old Our Lady of Merces Church for the 'Colva Fama' on Monday, to seek the blessings of Menino (infant) Jesus. The feast, celebrated every year on the second Monday of October, will begin with a high mass at 5.30am, followed by the solemn ceremony when the miraculous statue of Menino Jesus will be brought down from the altar, followed by the procession, blessing and veneration.Celebrated with much religious fervour, the 'Fama' is neither the feast nor the novena, but a special day after which the novenas commence to ultimately conclude with the church feast to be held on October 25.\"This is the most unique feast in Goa and only St Francis Xavier's feast attracts a bigger crowd,\" said Camilo Rodrigues, president of the confraria comittee of the Colva church.\"Devotees come seeking blessings for marriage, to have children, to cure ailments,\" said Rodrigues, adding that miracles take place during the 'Fama'. Confraria members added that it is for the miraculous powers that devotees of all faiths flock to the 'Fama'. Devotees offer wax shaped into different body parts at the 'Fama'. Most common among the devotees is childless married couples who wish to conceive. Couples who have conceived, place their baby on the altar during the revered umanv (kiss) .Legend has it that a Jesuit priest and sailor, Fr Bento Ferreira SJ, found the statue of Infant Jesus off the coast of Mozambique in the 17th century following a shipwreck. The Jesuit brought the statue to Goa in 1648 upon being posted at the Colva church, where he had the statue enthroned on a special altar. Soon, rumours of miracles at the parish spread and in due course, the statue became an object of veneration.Parishioners of the church comprising the villages of Colva, Sernabatim, Gaundalim and Velim, contributed to build a separate altar for the statue, which is revered till date.Confraria members said that while the original statue is at the Rachol seminary, the original diamond ring along with its miraculous powers is at Colva.\"Baby Jesus grew in age, wisdom and grace, and God is now calling us to grow as Jesus did,\" said parish priest Fr Jose Assuncao da Silva.Rodrigues added that there would be changes in the arrangements outside the church and while the stalls at the fair would be shifted towards the side of the cemetery, the church side would be reserved for fire and emergency services, police vehicles and ambulances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "16816315", "title": "Ramgarh-Ranchi road project hits rail hurdle", "text": "RAMGARH: Work on the ambitious 62-km-road project of Jharkhand Accelerated Road Development Corporation (JARDC) had to be stopped as the Railway Board is yet to issue the no objection certificate (NOC) for the same.The project is a four-lane road connecting Ramgarh and Ranchi via Patratu railway station and three huge flyovers near three crossings at Ramgarh, Barkakana and Patratu railway stations. It may be noted here that any permanent construction near railway tracks without prior permission from the Railway Board amounts to a punishable offence under the Railway Act. The project has already received a go-ahead from the ministries of defence and forest and environment.Anil Kumar Singh, Ramgarh-Ranchi road project manager, said the agency had to stop the construction work as the NOC request for building the flyovers was still under consideration of the Railway Board in New Delhi.\"The project got delayed by a year owing to delay in land acquisition and issuance of NOC from various ministries like forest and environment, Railway Board and ministry of defence. Now we are planning to complete it by March 2013,\" said Singh. \"The Rs 453-crore project now awaits the clearance from the Railway Board as the other two ministries have already given their approval,\" he added.Ramgarh-Ranchi road project is a people-public-partnership (PPP) investment, the total cost being borne by a private company. After the work is complete, the road would be maintained by a private firm for 15 years. An amount of approximately Rs 53 crore per year will be required for its maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16816014", "title": "Rosa switches off two units", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Anil Ambani-promoted Rosa thermal power plant in Shahjahanpur district stopped manually its second unit (unit-4) of 300 mw, following dispute over payment of power purchased from the utility. The closure, reportedly, came about late Saturday night plunging the state into a deeper power crisis.This is the second 300 mw unit to be closed because of the ever rising arrears of the UP Power Corporation Ltd (UPPCL) towards the company. Unit-1 was closed on October 9. With this the total generation from the power plant has been reduced to half\u2014the total capacity of Rosa power plant happens to be 1200 mw and according to sources, UPPCL is erring on payment of Rs 600 crore towards Reliance power.The Northern Region Load Dispatch Centre (NRLDC) confirmed that the closure was because of a \"commercial dispute'' with the UPPCL. Even though the other two units of 300 mw each were still functioning, it remained uncertain as to when the two closed units would be restored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16816291", "title": "Ranchi in grip of canine menace", "text": "RANCHI: An increasing number of street dogs is spreading fear in neighbourhoods as morning walkers and those returning late at night are becoming targets of attack. \"They look quite ferocious. Even if they don't bite, their bark can scare you,\" said SK Jha, a retired government employee, who goes on walks every morning.Not too long ago, a mad street dog bit nine people in just one day in Kadru. This instilled a sense of fear in the hearts of the residents who dread walking on the streets alone.SK Sharma, a senior citizen said, \"Earlier I used to carry a walking stick and scare the dogs away but nowadays the stray dogs have become so ferocious that they are not even scared of the stick. I had no option but to ask my grandson to accompany me for safety.\"Night time is worse as there are few cars on roads and the lone biker or cyclist is the target of this canine brigade. Rahul Prakash, an office goer, said, \"I was once returning at around 11 at night on my bike. The dogs started chasing me all the way to my house.\"The dogs are usually active early in the morning or late at night but sometimes they attack even in broad daylight. Sippi, a house maid said, \"When I return from work around 4 in the evening, with food in one hand, the dogs start following me all the way to my house. Once a dog was about to bite me but some kids playing nearby scared it away. I made a narrow escape.\"What's worse is these dogs not just bite but also cause accidents at times. Rhitwik, a college-goer said, \"The dogs come running in front of the bike out of nowhere and it is really difficult to avoid hitting them. I met with an accident once while trying to save a dog.\"The responsibility of sterilizing stray dogs has been given to NGO Hope and Animal Trust by the Ranchi Municipal Corporation. According to the secretary of the trust, Praveen Ohal there are more than 40,000 stray dogs in the capital. \"Almost 11,000 dogs have been sterilized in the past three years. We are sterilizing the dogs at a good speed and hope to sterilize around 36,000 dogs in the next three years, thus, bringing an end to the problem of stray dogs in the capital,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16816622", "title": "Babus struggle to crack the code", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The babus in the state are a fix over the implementation of the model code of conduct. With the Election Commission (EC) getting stricter by the day, the general sentiment among them is that the poll officials are going overboard in their drive.After getting the pictures of chief minister Narendra Modi removed from government websites, the EC on Friday asked various departments to remove even the statistical details and information that highlight their achievements in a manner that can be treated as an 'advertisement' . The departments have been asked to remove this information by 4.30 pm and officials could be seen working frantically amidst confusion . The information was to be removed not only from the server of Gujarat government but from all the servers.\"Elections or not, what has happened in Gujarat over the last so many years cannot be removed like this. With the statistics gone, it is better that the websites are made dormant till December when the new government comes to power,\" said an official.Sources said that the poll officials have also disallowed the handing over of video conferencing equipment by the Cyber Appellate Tribunal to its adjudicating officer in the state. The handing over of the equipment was to take place on October 15.The calendars of state government have already disappeared from the offices and in some cases the officials have covered publicity material lying under table glass with sheets of white paper. The officials are even shying away from attending award distribution functions where they are invitees or in the jury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16817288", "title": "Father kills infant after tiff with wife", "text": "CHENNAI: A man in an inebriated condition killed his infant following a tiff with his wife in Maduranthankam on Saturday night. Venkatesan kicked his six-month-old baby Pachiammal , who died after banging against the wall at his house. Police are on the look-out for Venkatesan, 33, a tractor mechanic from Mocheri village. Venkatesan got married to Valarmathi , 28, two years ago.On Saturday, Venkatesan came home drunk after work and woke up his wife, who was sleeping with the baby. When Valarmathi asked him not to raise his voice, he hit her. Later he dragged her to the corner of the room and kicked her on the stomach leaving her injured. The child, who woke up to the noise, started crying. Venkatesan who grew wild, kicked the baby with his leg. In the impact, the baby banged against the wall and fell down. Seeing the baby motionless, Venkatesan escaped from the scene.A panic-gripped Valarmathi alerted her neighbours . Before they could rush in, Venkatesan escaped . Valarmathi took the baby to a government hospital in Maduranthankam. The doctors later shifted her to the Chengalpet Government Hospital, where she died without responding to treatment .\"The baby had suffered severe internal injuries on her head,\" said an investigating officer. \"Venkatesan, an alcoholic, often quarreled with his wife,\" said Maduranthankam inspector Sekaran.The baby's body was handed over to the family members after a postmortem . Venkatesan even failed to attend the baby's funeral fearing attack from his relatives , police sources said.Based on Valarmathi's complaint, police formed three teams to nab Venkatesan . A murder case has been registered. Police claimed that with the help of the locals , they have traced his hide-out and are likely to arrest him soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16815801", "title": "Ticket vending machine at Patna Junction soon", "text": "PATNA: The East Central Railway (ECR) is actively considering a proposal to install a ticket vending machine at Patna Junction to reduce the rush at general ticket booking counters, said ECR GM B P Khare.Talking to TOI, Khare said Patna Junction has become a hub of passenger trains with all important long-distance mail and express trains passing through the station. About one lakh passengers either board or alight from trains at this station daily. There is also a huge rush of local commuters.Twenty to 25 booking counters at Patna Junction cater to the passengers buying unreserved tickets, and ticket vending machines would be a boon for them, he said, adding railways has worked out details to install the machines soon.Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) has also launched a 'rolling deposit scheme' (RDS) to book tickets in advance. Under the scheme, the IRCTC would issue a card to consumers through which he/she can book his ticket online without making any payment, the GM said, adding the IRCTC would issue cards to those frequent travellers who deposit money in advance with the IRCTC.The IRCTC would continue issuing tickets to a passenger against the card so long as there is balance in the account. However, a minimum balance of Rs 250 should be maintained with the IRCTC, an official said.Expressing satisfaction over the progress of major railway projects in Bihar, the ECR GM said railways is likely to make Harnaut coach maintenance workshop functional soon.\"Railways has completed everything related to installation of equipment at the workshop. The workshop would help the ECR in ensuring foolproof safety of the LHB and general coaches,\" he said.About the Digha rail bridge, Khare said work on the project has been going on in full swing. In fact, railways maintained the pace of work on the bridge even during monsoon period. At present, fabrication work of the bridge is going on. Railways is keen to complete the bridge by the end of 2014, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16816460", "title": "Four accused of Rs 60 lakh fraud", "text": "NASHIK: A resident of Tardeo Road in Mumbai, Ashok Purohit (49), has accused four residents of the city of misappropriating Rs 60 lakh. The complainant said that Kadugopal Sharma, Kirti Sharma, Aditya Sharma, residents of Astha Bhavan in Indira Nagar and Hitvallabh Sharma of Rajasthan, provided predictions to win the trust of the people who they swindled.The complainant said that the accused continued with their modus operandi from 2004 to 2010 at which time they sought donations to construct an ashram called Astha Bhavan. Purohit said that the accused collected approximately Rs 60 lakh but refused to form a trust for the ashram. Indiranagar police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16816894", "title": "\u2018Exercise, weight reduction can check fatty liver disease\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Department of hepatology, PGI, in collaboration with department of gastroenterology, AIIMS, Delhi, organized a single theme conference on Hepatocellular Carcinoma (liver cancer) under the aegis of Indian National Association for the study of liver (INASL) and current perspective in liver diseases (CPLD) on October 13 and 14 covering various aspects of liver diseases.The second day of the conference on Sunday started with a session on hepatitis C virus infection (HCV) where the problems of treatment of HCV infection with advanced liver disease including patients with cirrhosis liver was discussed by Dr Ajit Sood from DMC, Ludhiana. He also highlighted the high recurrence rate and problems of treatment of HCV infection in the post liver transplant period. The problems of treatment of HCV infection in patients with chronic kidney disease before and after kidney transplantation were also discussed in detail. Dr Pankaj Puri from Command Hospital, Pune, elaborated on the new emerging oral treatment for patients with HCV infection in the Indian setting.A symposium on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) was held in the afternoon where the causes of increasing fatty liver disease in India especially due to the growing number of obesity and diabetes were discussed. Over the years NAFLD has become an important cause of chronic liver disease leading on to cirrhosis and liver cancer but with limited available treatment options.Treatment of patients with NAFLD was discussed in detail by Dr Rohit Loomba from University of California San Deigo, US.He highlighted the benefit of lifestyle modifications including exercise and weight reduction in checking the fatty liver disease. Options of various drugs available for this disease were also discussed. A state-of-the-art lecture on acute or chronic liver failure by Dr S K Sarin from Institute of Liver &amp; Biliary Sciences was one of the major highlights of the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16816519", "title": "More rivals saddle up for state\u2019s 2-horse race", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat has traditionally been a two-horse race in elections with the Congress and the BJP raking in a majority of the votes. But other regional parties are hoping to make their presence felt this time. Observers say the upcoming assembly election will again be a head-on battle between the two parties, but some national and regional parties may eat into their vote share this time.While former chief minister Keshubhai Patel's Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) is likely to contest on all 182 seats, the Samajwadi Party (SP), BSP, JD(U), NCP, LJP and Left parties like CPI(M) say they want to fight on many more seats than in the past.In the Choryasi constituency in Surat, for instance, there were 11 candidates in the fray in the 2007 assembly election, but the BJP's Narottam Patel and Congress leader Dhanani Janak got 96.4 per cent of the 8.51 lakh votes polled. The rest could manage only 3.6 per cent votes.Like Choryasi, nearly 60 per cent, or 109 seats, of Gujarat's 182 assembly seats have a direct contest between Congress and BJP. Another 46 seats saw a keen contest in 2007 with the victory margin being as thin as 5,000 votes mostly between the Congress and the BJP.Similarly in Maninagar , where chief minister Narendra Modi and Congress's Dinsha Patel were contesting in the last election, of the Modi got 69.53 per cent of two lakh votes polled, while Dinsha got 26.11 per cent. The rest eight candidates barely got 4.36 per cent votes.With GPP's presence, political observers feel a triangular contest will change the scenario. The number of seats where only two candidates get more than 90 per cent votes will come down.Interestingly, of the 1,268 candidates in fray in 2007, 892 lost their deposit . The rules state that if the defeated candidate fails to secure more than one-sixth of the valid votes polled, he loses his security deposit. Also the two major parties could secure a vote share of 87.12 per cent. (BJP 49.12% and Congress 38%).The fact that more than 10 national and regional parties have shown willingness to contest in the Gujarat elections has sent alarm bells ringing for poll managers of the Congress and the BJP. These parties may not win but they could still be spoilsports.In fact, GPP's presence as a potential third force is an extremely disturbing prospect for the BJP, going by past poll arithmetic. Keshubhai will directly eat into the saffron party's vote bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16817316", "title": "18 women rescued from flesh trade rackets in Chennai, 11 arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: Anti-vice squad sleuths on Sunday arrested 11 people for running prostitution rackets in the city. Police also rescued 18 women, who were forced into prostitution.Acting on a tip-off , police conducted a raid in a spa in Saidapet and arrested Sivakumar, 32. Five women were rescued from the place. Murugan, the owner of the spa, has been absconding since the raid. In another raid, police arrested Saravanan, 37, Lakshmidar , 39, and Mohamed Ali Jina , 23, from Pallavaram near Chromepet and rescued six girls. Four people \u2014 Ziaul Hug, 31, Rajasekaran, 29, Chandrukumar , 23, and Leo, 31 \u2014 were arrested from a house in Peravallur . Two girls were rescued.Meanwhile, police busted a racket in K K Nagar and arrested Punnagai, 41, and Devi, 55. Policemen rescued four women from them. In Valasaravakkam , Masthanamma, 55, was arrested for running a brothel and a girl was rescued.The arrested have been sent to Puzhal prison and the rescued girls were sent to Government Vigilance Home in Mylapore , a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16816463", "title": "BJP on statewide drive to hit out at govt scams", "text": "NASHIK: With an eye on 2014 general elections, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has decided to take the message of scams unearthed in the state and the Centre by the ruling party, to citizens at large in simple layman's terminology to help voting pools understand the gravity of the issues that have been hitting the headlines. The BJP is reportedly making this move in the hope that it translates into votes for itself.\"It is a national shame that so many scams - by those in power (Congress-led United Progressive Alliance) have come to fore even before as the government sits in the ruling chair. However, the lay person is hardly aware of the seriousness of the issues related to the scams and how it has affected national economy and the nation's tax payers. We are therefore, now planning to take the message out to the masses over the next thirty days,\" Raosaheb Danve, BJP-MP of Jalna, said.Speaking to mediapersons last week, Danve said that the party was on a 'mission awareness' campaign nation-wide to make people aware of scams that include 2G-spectrum, Commonwealth games , coalgate, the comptroller and auditors' general ( CAG )'s jurisdiction and its structure and how the scams have robbed the country of its vital wealth which could have been put to use by improving on healthcare and education.Each MP and MLA of the BJP has been assigned the responsibility of specific districts and areas where they are expected to tour and educate party volunteers and ask them to further fan out the ifnormation deeper into these areas, to spread awareness on the scams.\"This is a nation-wide exercise and is an attempt to make citizens understand the issues, sensitize them on the seriousness of the same and also educate them on the dangerous effect such scams have had on various decisions taken periodically by the present-day government,\" Danve said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16815749", "title": "Minimum-maximum temperature difference continues its upward ride", "text": "MUMBAI: The already stark difference between the day and night temperatures rose by a couple of notches on Sunday. With the monsoon retreating, there has been a huge difference in day and night temperatures. Maximum temperatures too showed an increase on Sunday.On Sunday, the day-time temperature had increased by 2 degrees Celsius in Colaba and by 1.5 degrees Celsius in Santa Cruz in 24 hours.The maximum temperature was 35 degrees Celsius in Colaba and 35.5 degrees Celsius in Santa Cruz.On Saturday, the day-time temperature in Colaba was 33.2 degrees Celsius and 33.8 degrees Celsius in Santa Cruz.With the day-time temperatures showing an increase and the night-time temperatures remaining constant, the difference between the two has increased, leading to unbearable heat in the afternoon and cool and pleasant nights.On Sunday, this difference reached as much as 12 degrees Celsius with Santa Cruz recording a minimum temperature of 23.5 degrees Celsius and a maximum of 35.5 degrees Celsius. Colaba witnessed a difference of 9.3 degrees as its maximum temperature was 35 degrees Celsius and minimum 25.7 degrees Celsius.Officials from the weather bureau said that once the monsoon withdraws, there is a dry period and a decrease in the humidity level. The department said that instead of the southwesterlies, the northeasterlies were now hitting the city. On Saturday, the evening relative humidity was as low as 58% in Colaba and 48% in Santa Cruz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16817871", "title": "CAG simply has to look across wall to find me: Khurshid", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the course of a heated interaction with journalists on Sunday, Salman Khurshid and his wife Louise disputed the comptroller and auditor general's (CAG) inspection report which alleged irregularities in the functioning of their NGO, the Dr Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust.The Khurshids said the auditor's \"preliminary report\" was prepared without incorporating their version. The law minister mocked CAG officials for their claim that their efforts to contact the trust did not succeed because they could not find anyone at its registered address. Apart from pointing out that his old parents and sisters lived at the same address, the minister also referred to CAG being his neighbour on Kushak Road. \"He just has to look across the wall to find me,\" Khurshid said.Louise said there were different stages in execution of such projects, verified by doctors. Accordingly , a project report was made and submitted to the government for grant and later, at another camp, equipment was distributed to those eligible. Referring to CAG's draft report, she said equipment was purchased after assessment camps were held. The CAG did not take this into account, she added. The Congress stood behind Khurshid, with party spokesperson Manish Tewari saying , \"The law minister has wisely chosen the legal course.\"Khurshid's interaction at the press conference turned into an unusual slanging match between the minister, whose supporters booed the channel, and reporters, throwing light on the evolving dynamic between the political class and the feisty electronic media.Arvind Kejriwal later in the evening alleged that one of the photographs flashed by Khurshid was of a later date, ensuring that the debate is far from settled . In fact, Kejriwal threatened to unleash more documents on Monday to \"expose\" the law minister . Khurshid, who arrived from London to a rather hot reception by Kejriwal's supporters who have demanded his resignation over the \"scam\" , denied the allegation that camps where the trust claimed to have distributed equipment among the disabled were not held. He produced photographs, newspaper clippings and eyewitnesses \u2014 former cricketer and Congress MP Mohammad Azharuddin included \u2014 to back up his contention that camps were held, and said this sufficed to settle the \"core issue\" of whether there was a scam.The pictures included those of J B Singh, whom the channel has cited as one of the UP officers to allege that camps were not held. \"These pictures are of J B Singh giving certificates at a camp organized by the trust. These are not morphed pictures ,\" Khurshid said.In the course of the interaction , the minister presented Rangi Mistri, a hearing-impaired man from Farukhabad. When contacted by the channel earlier, Mistri had disputed the trust's claim that he got a hearing aid from them. On Sunday, Mistri said he had lied to the channel because he wanted a replacement for his defective device, leading to cheers from the minister, his wife and supporters.Khurshid rejected the demand for his resignation, and said he would agree to face an independent inquiry only if the managing editor of the channel was also covered. His wife, who is the project director of the trust, aggressively rebutted the charges, frequently getting up to make her point forcefully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16816292", "title": "Government to review appointments of AYUSH doctors", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government will review the appointments of AYUSH doctors and other staff made under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) for the Ashirwad Bal Swastha Yojana before the announcement of the freeze, health officials said. The state health and family welfare minister Ahmed Hasan had ordered a freeze on the appointment process on Saturday following complaints of anomalies.The decision holds significance in the light of alleged abduction of Gonda CMO by minister Vinod Singh, who later resigned. The CMO had refused to appoint the candidates recommended by the minister. The latter, however, alleged large scale anomalies in the appointment process.Some CMOs, in whose districts the appointments were finalised and the results were widely publicised through newspapers and mass media, had clarified with the department about the impact of the decision in their district. In this regard, senior officials communicated to them that scrutiny will be done in all districts.Selection of the doctors was to be done by the district health society headed by the district magistrate. But there are complaints that norms set for selection and the reservation norms were not followed in many districts. Officials, however, assured that the scrutiny would be finalised very soon and the new guidelines would be framed soon.The appointments put on hold include those of around 8,000 doctors, 7,365 basic health workers, 650 nurses, 350 lab technicians and 150 X-ray technicians among others. Out of more than 8,000 doctors, 3,000 were AYUSH (ayurvedic, unani and siddha and homeopathy), around 2,000 dentists and 3,000 MBBS (allopathy).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16817513", "title": "Local writer casts magic spell on last day of Guwahati book fair", "text": "GUWAHATI: The world of wizadry and black magic came alive with Harry Potter and his companions at Hogwarts School in JK Rowling's Harry Potter series. The author's imagination created a dark world where flying wizards, ghouls and magicians hiding behind black robes are real. But Rinku'r Rajsabha-Part I is not all imagination.Author Sushil Rajkhowa's book, which also trails the dark alleys of the magic world, talks of a place that is known among the locals as the land of black magic. Tales about Mayong, a small town in Morigaon district, talk about its residents practising tantra and voodoo.What makes Rajkhowa's book different from Harry Potter is that readers can connect to reality. One of the characters in the book, launched last year, has been inspired by bez, or village witch doctors.\"The book was released last year, and I have sold around 100 copies in the fair. Rowling used her imagination for Harry Potter but I have used Mayong, which is an actual place and used its magical history to write my book. There is so much to learn about that the place and I read some books about magic and spell to know about it,\" said the author at the book fair.Meanwhile, on the last day of the fair, Education Minister Himanta Sarma gave out awards to writers in five different categories. Rajen Saikia received the Assam Publication Award for historical research; Baapchandra Mahanta posthumously received the award for research into Vaisnavite literature; and Dinesh Chandra Goswami was conferred with the award for his contribution to the awakening of scientific literature.Upen Raabha Hakacam was awarded for his work on ethnic research and Kumar Kishore was awarded posthumously for his work on creative literature. Each award was accompanied with a cash prize of Rs 1 lakh, a citation and a trophy.On Saturday Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi emphasised on the need for a digital archives to give impetus to the historical and cultural pursuits of scholars and experts. Gogoi had also released Dharma Pustak the reprint of the first printed Assamese book, an Assamese translation of the New Testament, and stated that people visiting the state was a positive trend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16813908", "title": "2 in Gujarat held on charges of spying for ISI", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two persons were arrested in Ahmedabad on Sunday for allegedly passing on confidential information related to an Army base in Bhuj and Army Cantonment to Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), police said.Sirajuddin Ali (22) and Mohammad Ayub (23), both residents of Jamalpur, have been charged with espionage. While Ali used to supply eggs to the Army canteen, Ayub is a student, police said.\"Crime branch police have registered a case and are probing the nature and quantity of information provided by the duo to ISI,\" joint commissioner of police (crime) A K Sharma said, adding that they were probing whether there were more people involved.ACP Aantript Sood had received information about someone sending sensitive information regarding armed forces to Pakistan through email. Police alleged that Ali, who had gone to meet his relatives in Pakistan four years ago, came in contact with an ISI officer who took him to the Army office there. Thereafter, Ali was asked to collect information about Indian Army and supply it to ISI in lieu of money and that he was given 15 days of intense training. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814712", "title": "Realty sales in the colonies soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi government will start registering properties in the recently regularized colonies. However, only those properties that have general power of attorney (GPA) registered before October 2011, will be open for registration. This is being seen as a bid to bring those colonies on par with other regularized colonies.According to sources in Delhi government's urban development department, a cabinet note suggesting the same has already been prepared by the UD and revenue department and is likely to be placed before the cabinet in coming weeks.\"Since these colonies have been regularized we want to bring them at par with other regularized colonies and therefore the same law that is applicable in others shall be implemented here,\" said a senior official.The government, however, has been cautions of the Supreme Court order that had put a blanket ban on all realty sales through GPA after October 2011. the revenue department had in April this year had directed all 13 sub-registrar offices, DDA and NDMC to follow the apex court's order and declare all GPA registration done after that as null and void with retrospective effect from October.The proposed cabinet note, however, is silent on having any solution for registration of properties that were bought via GPA after October 2011. The note also does not give any solution for properties that are merely registered with a notary.Officials said that these are complicated cases and would take longer to be resolved. \"Now that the colonies have been regularized each and every resident will eventually be given right to sale and purchase. But these are a bit technical cases and finding a solution for them may take longer,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16819540", "title": "Indian Navy helicopter crashes in Goa, 3 reported killed", "text": "PANAJI: A Chetak helicopter of the Indian Navy crashed near the naval airfield at Dabolim on Monday. According to reports three people have been killed in the crash which took place during a routine sortie.The chopper was flying from Mumbai to Bangalore and had stopped at Dabolim airport for refuelling.Speaking to TOI, Navy Pubic Relation Officer ( PRO ) Commander P K Prabhala confirmed the crash.\"Navy Chetak helicopter has crashed,\" Prabhala said. However, the Navy has not confirmed the news about casualties in the crash.The helicopter caught fire soon after the crash said police sources.(With inputs from agencies)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16817063", "title": "65 from the city learn to dance like an Egyptian", "text": "LUDHIANA: Having crossed oceans and borders from ancient Greece and Egypt, the Middle East and Turkey to the rest of the world, and now Ludhiana, belly dance has evolved as the new craze among dance lovers in city. Awed by the sheer fluidity of its moves, the seductively feminine dance form has attracted around 65 ladies in city to learn the basics of this Egyptian folk art in a workshop at a dance studio in Sarabha Nagar. Choreographer and dance instructor Mehar Malik (who has choreographed Rani Mukherjee's in movie \" Aiyya\") has been invited to teach enthusiasts the basic movements of belly dance, how to identify popular Arabic rhythms, and the styling/expression that ties it all together.Director of the dance studio said, \"We have organized a seven-day workshop on belly dance for beginners with Mehar Malik and her sister Sakshi. When the workshop concludes, the participants will get a certificate with 24 credit hours.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16817284", "title": "Proper diagnosis is the key: Expert", "text": "PUNE: Shivani Barve and Deepa Mehta were diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis in their twenties. To say that their world came to a shocking stop would be an understatement. \"Of course, the pain was unbearable. But what was more terrible was the thought that life will no longer be the same,\" says Barve.It's been more than a decade now since these women have been fighting the painful disease with courage. \"Counselling and support from all quarters like family, friends, and above all, an understanding doctor, goes a long way in helping you come to terms with it,\" says Mehta.Medical professionals feel that today lifestyle-related arthritis is steadily on the rise. Rheumatologist Arvind Chopra, the chief of the Centre for Rheumatic Diseases, Pune, says, \"There are as many as 150 kinds of arthritis. And today, many more lifestyle-related components come into play. Like malnutrition, Vitamin D deficiency, mental stress, occupation-related stress, and of course, trauma.\"In the US, for example, arthritis is second only to heart disease as a cause of work-related disability. It is also the leading cause of disability for people above 35. These trends are expected to be mirrored in India, which is already the diabetes capital of the world and also has a rapidly rising number of cardiac patients.Chopra repeatedly stresses on correct and timely diagnosis. \"Unfortunately, patients often ignore a joint pain. And, even medical professionals sometimes misdiagnose. Sometimes soft-tissue rheumatism is often misdignosed as rheumatoid arthritis. There is a big difference between the two and the treatment also differs greatly.\"According to Chopra, soft-tissue rheumatism is very common today. \"We conducted a study across 17 sites, the results of which will soon be published. It was clearly found that as many as 20-25% arthritis is due to problems of the soft-tissues.\"Barve and Gupta, both part of Mission Arthritis India, a support group for people with arthritis, agree with Chopra's view that proper dignosis is the key. They also feel that a positive attitude towards life can bring about a huge difference.Says Mehta, \"There are days when it is a Herculean task to even get up from the bed. The best thing to do at such a time, would be to just lie down and take it easy. Exercise when your body permits, and rest when it doesn't.\" Adds Barve, \"It is important to count your blessings rather than crib about the fact that you are stricken with arthritis.\"Chopra says that repetitive action is a major contributing factor to lifestyle-related arthritis. \"In some occupations like a woman working in the field for the better part of her life will likely suffer from pain in the lower back. Also people working in factories or even a simple act as continuous typing on the keyboard or even texting on a cellphone - all these, mind you, are repetitive actions - without a pause can be harmful in the long run. One needs to take small breaks in between and allow the body to repair the tissues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16816898", "title": "Bhopal Municipal Corporation tanker crushes 4-year-old boy to death", "text": "BHOPAL: A speeding water tanker of Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) ran over a 4-year-old boy close to Janata quarters in Habibganj on Sunday evening. The incident triggered anger in the area and a number of local residents came out on streets and staged a chhaka jam.The irate mob torched the tanker and also pelted stones. Police force was rushed to the spot to control the situation that remained tense for more than 3 hours.Ashu, a resident of Noorganj in Raisen district was visiting his relatives at the Janata quarters along with his parents, police said. The driver left the vehicle and fled away from the spot soon after the incident.As the news spread, a large number of people assembled and torched the tanker charging the civic body of negligence. They alleged that the administration did not react to the earlier incidents reported to them. They also demanded shifting the BMC's hydrant from the area that leads to the movement of tankers throughout the day.Besides, the local residents also demanded speed-breakers in the area so that the vehicles could not drive on high speed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16814532", "title": "Ex-MLA to quit TDP for YSR Congress", "text": "HYDERABAD: In what could be a for Telugu Desam Party (TDP) in the Telangana region, former party MLA Sankineni Venkateswara Rao said that he would be joining the rival YSR Congress on November 11. He said that only Jaganmohan Reddy had the wherewithal to lead the state as the people had reposed their faith in him.Speaking to newspersons on Sunday, Sankineni lambasted the TDP leadership for failing to acknowledge his contribution to the party despite him having served it for 30 years. The former Tungaturthi MLA, a strong leader in Nalgonda district, said that he had decided to quit TDP as he was now fed up with the opportunistic politics of party president Chandrababu Naidu.Sankineni, who was suspended by TDP for calling on Jagan in Chanchalguda jail on October 8, said people believed that the YSR Congress president alone could implement the welfare schemes introduced by his late father YS Rajasekhara Reddy.Sources said that Sankineni had been cut to size in the Nalgonda TDP with Tungathurthi legislator Motkupalli Narasimulu hogging all the limelight. Sankineni earlier represented Tungathurthi in the AP assembly but moved to Suryapet after the delimitation exercise which saw his constituency getting reserved for SCs. In Suryapet, he was defeated by the Congress candidate Damodar Reddy. Sankineni, who has been associated with the party since its inception in 1983, held several posts and was close to former chief minister, the late NT Rama Rao.Sources said that TDP's problems were far from over as the party's Bhongir MLA Uma Madhava Reddy's son Sandeep Reddy was also contemplating a switch to YSR Congress.Sandeep had met YSR Congress leader YV Subba Reddy in August and there has been intense speculation since that he could switch to the Jagan camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16815820", "title": "SAARC experts to discuss disaster management", "text": "PATNA: Several disaster management experts from the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) countries are to discuss 'The role of incident command system (ICS) for disaster response' at the five-day SAARC regional programme commencing here on Monday. The programme is being organized by the SAARC Disaster Management Centre (DMC), New Delhi, in collaboration with Bihar Public Administration and Rural Development (Bipard), Patna.It intends to bring senior emergency response managers from national disaster management office of SAARC member countries to a regional forum and provide inputs on basic features of ICS. This meet will discuss the modalities of ICS in South Asia, prone to natural disasters like flood, cyclone, earthquake, landslide, tsunami and man-made disasters like industrial accidents, oil spills etc.\"National emergency managers face unprecedented challenges and difficulties due to the increasing number of such incidents and complexities that include urbanization and climate change. SAARC DMC, as a regional body, is promoting disaster management tools and applications to its member countries in managing these emergencies through capacity-building and knowledge-sharing among its member countries,\" said course director P N Rai, ADG (railways), Bihar.ICS was originally designed by the US Forest Services (USFS) in California in the mid-1970s for managing forest fires. This system is used in many countries, including the US, Canada, Australia, India, Sri Lanka and the Philippines.The response to disasters in most cases requires involvement of a number of organizations/departments such as police, fire and emergency services, revenue, medical and health, public works, communications, home, finance, rural development, roads, agriculture, animal husbandry etc. \"Coordination among these agencies during emergency is a big challenge because of line of authority, supervision, resource management, differences in terminology, communication and span of control etc. Often, the response process suffers because of these difficulties,\" Rai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16816659", "title": "Karnataka State Law University, universities on collision course over LLM degree", "text": "MANGALORE: The law departments of the state universities in Karnataka, offering PG degree in law (LLM), are on a collision course with the Karnataka State Law University (KSLU).The bone of contention is the circular issued by the Navanagar-Hubli based KSLU on October 5, instructing principals of all affiliated law colleges not to appoint any teaching staff acquiring LLM degree through distance education/correspondence course or any university/institute/centre in Karnataka.The fiat does not apply to those obtaining their LLM degree offered by KSLU or National Law School of India University (NLSIU). If any affiliated law college has appointed such candidates for teaching law, their services should be withdrawn forthwith, the circular says, quoting the Bar Council of India letter and Section 6 of KSLU Act 2009, which says LLM degree offered by any university, institution in Karnataka other than KSLU/NLSIU after 2011 is not a valid degree.Various state universities such as University of Mysore and Bangalore University continue to offer LLM degrees through post-graduate programmes offered by them.RECENT RESOLUTIONIncidentally, KSLU at its recent academic council meeting adopted a resolution seeking strict implementation of Section 6 of the KSLU Act, said its former registrar (evaluation) KS Bagale. \"The ball is now in the state government's court which has to take a call on resolving the issue,\" he said. The way out, Bagale said, is for the government to amend Section 6 of the Act, which recognizes LLM degrees offered by other universities or direct these universities to fall in line with the Act and stop offering these programmes. This KSLU circular will affect nearly 1,000 students who have completed their PG programmes in these universities. Experts feel it could have a cascading effect on students studying in under-graduate programmes as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16816978", "title": "Watch award-winning films at place near you", "text": "MYSORE: Movie lovers are in for a treat of award-winning Kannada movies and international movies from Tuesday.According to Dasara Film Committee, the film festival not only screens entertainment movies, but also the ones on serious issues. Art movies will also be screened.Kannada movies will be screened at Senate Bhavan in Manasagangotri while international movies will be screened at Scouts and Guides auditorium. The movies will simultaneously be screened at different parks in the city. Watching films at the festival will give a different experience.Movies (and their directors) to be screened at Senate Bhavan 10.30am: Oct 16: Chomana Dudi (B V Karanth), Oct 17: Kaadu ( Girish Karnad ), Oct 18: Sandhyaraga (A C Narasimhamurthy), Oct 19: Grahana (T S Nagabharana), Oct 20: Phaniyamma (Prema Karanth), Oct 21: Harakeya Kuri (Lalita Ravi), and Oct 22: Kakanakote (C R Simha)Films slated for 2.30pm show: Abachoorina post office (N Lakshminarayana), Samskara (Pattabhirama Reddy), Pallavi (P Lankesh), Kaadu Kudure (Chandrashekar Kambara), Tabarana Kathe (Girish Kasaravalli), Beru (P Sheshadri), and Haseena (Girsih Kasaravalli).Movies to be screened at 10.30am at Scouts and Guides auditorium (and their respective country, director): Oct 16: In the mood for love (Hong Kong, Wong Kar-wai ), Oct 17: Bicycle Theives (Italy, Vittorio De Sica ), Oct 18: Battleship Potemkin ( Soviet Union , Sergei Eisenstein ), Oct 19: The Soft Skin (France, Francois Truffaut), Oct 20: Wild Strawberries (Sweden, Ingmar Bergman ), Oct 21: Throne of Blood (Japan, Akira Kurosawa ), and Oct 22: The Grapes of Wrath (the US, John Ford ).Movies slotted for 1.30pm show: The edge of heaven (Germany, Fatih Akin ), Tristana (Spain, Luis Bunuel), A common thread (France, Eleonore Faucher), Science of sleep (France, Michel Gondry ), Winter's daughter (Germany, Johannes Schmind), Oliver's Twist (the UK, David Lean ), and A Screeming Man (France, Benoit Cohen). Movies slotted for 4.30pm show: Welcome (France, Philippe Lioret ), Bled number one (France, Zaimeche R Ameur), The lives of others (Germany, Florian Henckel Von), Little Jerusalem (France, Karin Albou), Goodbye, Children (France, Louis Malle ), Run lola run (Germany, Tom Tykwer ), and Flanders (France, Bruno Dumont ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16816900", "title": "Experts dwell on pain management", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Department of anesthesia and intensive care at Government Medical College and Hospital organized 13th annual conference of north zone of Indian Society of Anesthesiologists from October 12 to 16. During the preconference, workshops were held on different topics like labour analgesia, pain management, airway management and role of ultrasound in anesthesia.During this meeting, the experts dwelt on various current issues in anesthesiology, pain management and critical care. Faculty from Asian countries included Dr Arshad Taqi and Dr Asia Taqi from Pakistan, Dr Neeraj from Doha and Dr Manpreet Dhillon from Canada. Dr Arshad Taqi delivered oration on \"e-learning in anesthesia\" and prof A K Sethi, head of department, UCMS and GTB Hospital, Delhi spoke on \"Difficult airway in today's practice\". PGI director Prof Yogesh Chawla, emphasized the importance of continuous learning in field of medicine for delivery of quality patient care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16815240", "title": "Seafarers go to NRI communication with pension suggestions", "text": "MARGAO: The Goa seamen association of India (GSAI) has submitted a memorandum to the office of the commissioner of NRI affairs with suggestions on how to go about implementing the much- anticipated pension scheme for retired seafarers.The GSAI has suggested a procedure where they have to submit their continuous discharge certificate (CDC- seafarer's identity) and also for Dayanand Social Security (DSS) scheme holders, to submit their DSS account details as identity proof to make the process more transparent and easier.\"The idea is to reduce the amount of formalities giving due consideration to the old age of the retired seafarers,,\" said GSAI secretary Michael Beny Da Costa\"The CDC will establish that the person seeking the scheme is a seafarer as a CDC is a must,\" he added.Da Costa clarified that for those existing DSS holders who are seeking the pension scheme, they would get paid only from the pension scheme and not both the DSS and the pension scheme together.Incidentally, GSAI members had earlier made it clear to the government that forms for the pension scheme of 2,500 a month should be made available at banks and not at the offices of MLAS, a demand already accepted by the government.GSAI members further appealed for the quick implementation of the scheme.\"We had requested the government to contact the national union of seafarers of India (NUSI) general secretary, Abdulgani Y Serang, as we want a joint meeting with a representative of the state government, NUSI and GSAI on one table,\" added Da Costa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16819997", "title": "Are people ready for English songs in M-Town?", "text": "Of late, Mollywood has been experimenting with songs by adding bits of English lyrics and background score to appeal to the younger generation.Incorporating this trend in a movie trailer is Mollywood's first female music composer Gowri Lakshmi in Hashim Marikkar's Preview .Gowri will score the music as well as pen the lyrics of the song in English for the teaser trailer Preview with 32 singers from Kerala-based music band 'Rock of Ages' and with a line of European instruments. \"The two minutes and 48 seconds trailer will have the European symphony as its base,\" says Gowri.But is Malayali audience ready for a change? \"Rap and rock music churned out by various bands in Kerala have been well received by the audience here, especially the younger generation. Many movies too have incorporated pure western classical in its background music,\" she points out, adding, \"What people are not aware of is that pop and rock culture have taken their roots from western classical music.\"Gowri will be accompanied by two music maestros, Branko Stark (from Croatia ), artistic director and choral conductor of the band , and pianist Godwin Figueiredo, to guide the 32 singers.The multi-starrer movie will feature Daniel Balaji, Mumtaz, Lakshmi Rai, Tanushree Ghosh, Pallavi Singha, Nishaan and Maqbool Salman among others. Vivek Harshan (of Big B, Sagar Alias Jackie and Bachelor Party fame) will edit the movie, while P Chelladurai will crank the camera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16817081", "title": "Stray leopard captured, released", "text": "BHOPAL: The leopard that strayed into the residential pockets of the state capital, creating panic, followed the bait and landed in the cage that was arranged by the forest staff to catch it near the Indian Institute of Forest Management (IIFM) on Sunday morning. The forest staff later took the trapped leopard to Van Vihar rescue centre and after check-up was released into the Satpura Tiger Reserve area in Hoshangabad district.The forest department team that had been on the look out of the leopard tried their best over the past few days to catch the leopard, but failed. There was growing resentment among the residents after the animal attacked a few people and livestock on the outskirts of the state capital.When the bait (goat) kept in a couple of cages placed strategically in a few places where the sightings of the animal were reported failed to achieve any result, the forest department officials used a voice device to lure the leopard into the cage. A member of the team that caught the leopard informed that they had placed a device that had prerecorded bleats of a goat.According to Sudesh Waghmare, deputy director, Van Vihar National Park, the leopard was in good health and as it was in a state of shock after being captured, it was brought to the animal rescue centre at the park. It was trapped around 3 am on Sunday and was sent to be released into Satpura Tiger reserve in the morning.Kanha pachyderms to monitor big catsTrained pachyderms from Kanha will now monitor the movement of tigers in Ratapani sanctuary, especially in Kathotia range on the outskirts of Bhopal .Speaking to TOI, chief conservator of forests (CCF) S S Rajput informed that two elephants from Kanha arrived here on Sunday. They will be used to monitor the movement of the big cats that have reportedly been moving in Kathotia-Kerwa forests for the last couple of weeks. About five tigers are said to be moving in the area.The need to strengthen monitoring of the big cats arose following killings of two tigers from the Kathotia forests recently. Rajput further said that to begin with, two elephants from Kanha which have arrived in the state capital on Sunday will be deployed to keep a track of the movement of the tigers.The forest department is hopeful that with the help of the elephants it will be possible to monitor the big cats and ensure their safety. Up to now the forest department was keeping track of the tigers' movements through its forest patrol.However, there are several areas in the Ratapani sanctuary which are inaccessible to patrol on foot. On the other hand the forest patrol will have access to every such place with the help of the elephants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16817124", "title": "Parab fest kicks off amid tribal tunes", "text": "KORAPUT: Parab-2012, the annual tribal cultural festival, was kicked off on Sunday with the lightening of the sacred torch by mass education minister Rabi Narayan Nanda at Ganesh Temple in Nandapur, the erstwhile capital of Jeypore zamindari.Tribal men and women, in colourful traditional dresses, danced to the tune of local music as the sacred torch was carried to the high school ground in an extravagant procession.The events at the festival include sports, tribal dances, songs, music with traditional instruments. Both traditional and adventure sports, like archery and trekking, respectively, have been planned. \"The aim of the festival is to protect and promote the region's rich cultural heritage. We are confident that this year's Parab will be remembered for participation and vibrancy,\" said district collector Sachin Jadav.Koraput MP Jayaram Pangi, MLA Raghuram Padal, Pottangi MLA Ram Kadam were among the guests present at the ceremony.Besides, the vibrant festival is boosting tourism. \"The event has already generated lot of interest among tourists. We hope to see more tourists, including foreign tourists, visiting our district during this time. Tourist spots in the district will be developed,\" Jadav said.This year, Parab will be celebrated again at the panchayat level after five years. The practice was stopped in 2007 due to financial problems. The festival-cum-competition at the panchayat, block and district levels will go on till November 15, with the grand finale on November 16-18 at the stadium ground here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16815498", "title": "Myanmar to enjoy rides on Indian engines", "text": "AJMER: The Loco Workshop of Ajmer has renovated age-old shunting engines and is exporting them to Myanmar . Three engines have already been dispatched and two others are ready for export. With advancement in rail transportation, the shunting engines, which ran on metre gauge till a decade back, were rendered useless. These engines cannot be used in our country since the metre gauge has been replaced by broad gauge. These heavy machines had to be loaded on to truck trolleys to be sent to Myanmar.The Loco Workshop here is trying to incorporate the latest technology into these engines.The Loco Workshop has charged Rs 80 lakhs per engine for this consignment from Rail India Techno Economical Service Ltd (RITES) - a major PSU of railways dealing with exporting technology out of the department. \"Three diesel engines were renovated by the workshop as shunting engines at a cost of nearly Rs 2 crores each and one more is underway,\" an official said. Two out of the four engines were sold to private companies and one to DRDO (Defence Research Development Organization).Loco workshop, one of the oldest rail workshops in the country, is now fixing parts of metre gauge engines in broad gauge ones. \"What we are doing is converting shunting engines whose production has been stopped by the railways,\" said Sudhir Gupta, chief workshop manager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16816875", "title": "University made them think big for kids", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Theirs is an example of people who imbibed and learnt much from the academic atmosphere of Panjab University. They perhaps are a true reflection of \"the spirit of education,\" something that is just apt to be highlighted as the university is just about to complete its 65 years here in Chandigarh.These men illustrate well how their lives transformed because of their connection to this institute of learning, despite modest beginnings. They realized that their kids too can get good opportunities in life if they have a good education.Jagdish Ram, 62, joined PU as a ground man in the sports department but his passion for music led him to become an indispensable part of many a musical programmes hosted by the university. \"I have given close to 42 years of my life to the university. It was all thanks to the constant counselling and mentoring from teachers that I was able to realize my potential,\" says Jagdish. And he did not stop there. Despite his modest start as a peon, his son Dayanand is now a scientist with DRDO.Similar is the story of another PU staffer Yadhu Nath Shukla, whose son passed out of IIT- Delhi recently and is now working with one of the world's best consultancy companies. Shukla, an electrician with the XEN's office at the university, joined as a helper and has spent more than two decades in the university.\"My aim was to gift my children a good education and while I was posted in different departments of PU, I got a chance to interact with teachers and build a future for my son with their inputs,\" says an elated father.Dilbagh Singh, working as a library restorer at PU's University Business School , was so moved by students, teachers and scholars imbibing knowledge through books that he ensured that his children too got a good education. His elder son completed his post graduate diploma in computer applications (PGDCA) from University School of Open Learning (USOL), PU and is now working with TCS. His younger son has a masters degree and is now working with CITCO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16815568", "title": "Pharmacy institute needs more infra: Pharmacy Council of India", "text": "PATNA: A two-member Pharmacy Council of India (PCI) team from New Delhi inspected on Saturday the infrastructure of Government Pharmacy Institute, Patna, the state's lone pharmacy institute, and found the institute lacking in infrastructure and library facilities.The team will submit its report regarding renewal of the recognition granted to its diploma in pharmacy (DPharma) course.There are 120 seats for the DPharma and BPharma courses in the institute affiliated to Aryabhatta Knowledge University (AKU).Dr B P Srinivasan of Delhi Institute of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Research and Dr Kanchan Kohli of Jamia Hamdard, who visited the institute, also expressed surprise over the lack of girls' hostel. The girl students either live in private lodges or private hostels. The state government had sanctioned Rs5.80 crore for the institute's renovation and expansion recently.Established in 1958, it is the country's oldest pharmacy institute running DPharma and BPharma courses. Its BPharma course was launched in 2008 at the initiative of CM Nitish Kumar.The institute's principal, Dr Rajiv Ranjan Prasad, said, \"We have sent proposals to the state government for construction of a girls' hostel. A proposal has also been sent for construction of a new boys' hostel in addition to the existing one.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16813914", "title": "University Grants Commission to ease rules to appoint VCs", "text": "CHENNAI: The University Grants Commission (UGC) has decided to relax norms for selection of vice-chancellors in state universities. UGC chairman Ved Prakash said on Sunday the move followed requests from several state governments to ease the standards.There has been speculation for more than a month now that selection norms would be relaxed. Prakash said from now, selection norms prescribed by the UGC will not be mandatory for the state-run universities. Speaking at the 75th convocation of Dakshina Bharat Hindi Prachar Sabha Madras in Chennai, he said it was the responsibility of the state to maintain quality and transparency in the VC-selection process.The present UGC norms insist that a vice-chancellor candidate should be an academician with a minimum of ten years experience as professor in a university system or 10 years of experience in an equivalent position in a reputed research and/or academic administrative organization. With the recent move, these norms would no more be mandatory.Refusing to comment on allegations that political interference plays a major role in appointment to VC posts, Prakash said the decision was taken because several states had sought freedom in carrying out appointment of university heads. He, however, refused to clarify if there was a request from the Tamil Nadu government.Senior professors and academicians in the state say the move will only facilitate more corruption. Tamil Nadu, for instance, has a dubious record in VC selection over the last decade. Recently, a VC seeking favours fell at the feet of a politician. Another was suspended on corruption charges. In a third instance, a VC's residence was raided by anti-corruption sleuths.A Narayanan, an academician who has filed several petitions seeking transparency in the appointments of VCs and registrars in the state universities said the reason for relaxing norms remains unknown. \"We have VCs who knew how to find their way to the top post overnight. They are either relatives of politicians or someone from a dominant caste. When money, caste and political power decides VCs and registrar posts in state universities, UGC relaxation will further decay the system,\" he said.Ved Prakash refuted reports of cancelling the autonomy of Madras Christian College. \"MCC has submitted all the documents we sought for verification and the autonomy was put on hold only till we complete the verification process,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16817414", "title": "Medical attendant arrested for student\u2019s death", "text": "CHENNAI: A medical attendant was arrested for causing the death of a 17-year-old from Thiruverkadu on Saturday.Police said V Sudhakar, a student of government higher secondary school, was undergoing treatment at Padmavathi Clinic in Thiruverkadu for fever. Lakshiminarayanan, 33, who has been running the clinic since the clinic's physician left, administered an injection for the fever.Soon after, Sudhakar collapsed and was rushed to a government general hospital where he was declared brought dead.The boy's relatives demanded the arrest of Lakshminarayanan . They also lodged a complaint with Thiruverkadu police where a case was registered under Section 304 (ii) (culpable homicide not amounting to murder ), 420 (cheating), 417 (punishment for cheating), 15 (ii) (3) Indian Medical Council Act 1956.Locals claimed that Lakshminarayanan would often administer medicines to patients without consulting a doctor.Inquiries revealed that Lakshminarayanan, who is not a qualified doctor, has been running the clinic after Balakrishnan left six months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16816263", "title": "Unnecessary procedures on the rise in govt hospitals too: Report", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unnecessary procedures on hapless patients has become a menace not just in private hospitals but is also becoming rampant in government hospitals.A World Bank report on health insurance commissioned by the health ministry says that new government-sponsored health insurance schemes like the country's flagship Rashtriya Swastha Bima Yojana (RSBY) has found evidence of unnecessary care.RSBY has found that certain hospitals perform many more hysterectomies than would be expected, or combine hysterectomies with simultaneous salpingo-oopharectomies (the removal of an ovary together with the fallopian tube) which entitles the facility to claim additional charges for one more treatment package.There were similar claims for hernia combined with appendectomy to maximize revenues from the scheme.Monitoring data from Aarogyasri - a health insurance scheme run by the government of Andhra Pradesh -- also suggests that certain procedures like appendectomy, hysterectomy, laminectomy/discectomy and renal stone lithotripsy were experiencing provider induced demand.\"Insurance coverage is resulting in higher utilization among beneficiaries. Adverse selection does not appear to be a major problem for the new wave of government-sponsored health insurance schemes because most are free or at a negligible cost and often automatically cover all eligible beneficiaries. However, moral hazard and early signs of unnecessary care and substitution of inpatient for outpatient services are worrisome, and will require tough control measures,\" the World Bank report said.Anecdotal evidence also suggests that some schemes may induce overinvestment in tertiary care and expensive technologies (like CT scanners and cardiac catheterization units) at the expense of investments in ambulatory care, prevention and coordinated networks.\"Health care in India is inexpensive when compared with costs in countries in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ). Nevertheless, care is probably not inexpensive in relation to the income of the vast majority of its citizenry, but if insurance drives a hospital-based system, costs will escalate beyond what the country can afford,\" the report added.More Indians now have some form of health insurance. The country's public financing for health care is less than 1% of the world's total health expenditure, although it is home to over 16% of the world's population.Families meet almost 70% of their health expenses out of their own pockets, placing considerable financial burden on poor households, often pushing them deeper into poverty.The Bank report, authored by Gerard La Forgia and Somil Nagpal, found that over the last five years, government-sponsored schemes have contributed to a significant increase in the population covered by health insurance in the country.Over 300 million people, or more than 25% of India's population, gained access to some form of health insurance by 2010, up from 55 million in 2003-04. More than 180 million of these were people below the poverty line.Given these trends, the report projects that more than 630 million persons, or about half of the country's population, can be covered with health insurance by 2015. By this time, spending through health insurance is also likely to reach 8.4% of total health spending, up from 6.4% in 2009-10, the study said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16815539", "title": "8 months on, CM yet to act against Sena MLA", "text": "MUMBAi: Eight months after the Thane civic chief sent a report indicting local Shiv Sena MLA Pratap Sarnaik and his associates for violating construction rules, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan is still to initiate action against the accused.On July 26, 2011, the leader of opposition in Thane Municipal Corporation filed a complaint with the chief minister, alleging that Sarnaik and his associates were involved in illegal construction and misuse of floor space index (FSI). Four days later, the CM directed Thane municipal commissioner R A Rajeev to conduct a thorough probe and submit a detailed report. Rajeev sent his report to the chief minister's office on December 7, 2011.Rajeev told TOI, \"I am awaiting further directives from the state administration on the issue.\"When contacted, Sarnaik said he had no knowledge about the probe and the report. \"I will read the report and then speak to the CM,\" the legislator said.According to the report, close associates of Sarnaik violated FSI norms and constructed 13-storey buildings instead of the permitted ground plus nine. These violations allegedly took place in the construction of buildings B-1 and B-2 at Chhabhaiya Park, a housing complex in Vartka Nagar. \"I only own an office in Chhabhaiya Park. I have no role in the alleged FSI misuse,\" said Sarnaik, adding, \"In fact, I have been complaining to the chief minister about the involvement of Congress-NCP corporators in illegal constructions in the region. The report against me could be a move to save these corporators.\"Chavan said his office will look into the report. \"Appropriate action will be initiated based on the recommendations made in the report,\" Chavan told TOI.IPS officer-turned-lawyer Y P Singh said Rajeev should have initiated action against the accused instead of waiting for directives from Chavan's office.\"The municipal commissioner should have lodged an FIR against the accused,\" Singh said, adding, \"The CM's secretariat, too, should be hauled up for the delay. The CMO should have immediately issued directives to the concerned authority to initiate action against those who flouted the civic norms.\"Political observers pointed out that the Sena has been warming up to Chavan of late. Congress MLAs have complained that the CM has time only for Sena MLAs and not for those from the party. \"I am the most accessible CM. There is no substance in the complaints. Reports that I am developing proximity to Sena are baseless,\" Chavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16817085", "title": "Copycat cadre caught for extortion bid", "text": "KORAPUT: Police in Koraput arrested a youth on Saturday who was trying to extort money from the divisional forest officer (DFO) of Koraput forest division impersonating himself as a Naxal. He was identified as Roshan Kumar Khora.According to police, identifying himself as a Maoist cadre, Khora telephoned Koraput DFO Peria Samy on October 7 and demanded Rs 10,000 as extortion amount for the Maoist organisation. Threatening the DFO of dire consequences if he informed police, the fake Naxal had asked the forest officer to drop the money near the OSAP ground on the outskirts of Koraput town. Khora made several phone calls to the DFO in the next couple of days demanding the money.\"Suspecting foul play, the DFO filed a police complaint and an investigation was initiated. Based on human inputs and tracking the mobile number of the caller, we chalked out a strategy and the miscreant was arrested,\" said Koraput SP Awinash Kumar.Police said the arrested fake Naxal is a resident of Upper Kutinga village under Laxmipur police limits but for the past few days he was staying in one of his relative's house, which lies a few kilometers away from Koraput town.\"During interrogation it was found that the youth doesn't have any link with Maoists and was just trying to make a quick buck,\" the SP said.Taking advantage of the terror unleashed by Maoists in this part of the state, there has been a rise in miscreants posing as members of the outlawed CPI (Maoist) and trying to extort money from traders, contractors and government officials to make a quick buck.In past few weeks, in separate raids, police in Rayagada district arrested at least 11 copycat cadres who were trying to extort money from traders and government officials. Two copycat cadres were also arrested in Malkangiri district in August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16820314", "title": "Skyfall tipped to be most successful James Bond film", "text": "The latest 007 instalment Skyfall is set to be the most successful James Bond movie in the 50-year history of the franchise and is predicted to rake in more than 1 billion dollars at the box office.It has been met with universal praise following its preview and is expected to storm to the top of the box office.Experts said the stunts were some of the best ever seen in a Bond film and one critic wrote that the dramatic opening sequence should merit an Oscar in itself, the Telegraph reported.The early signs of success will be welcomed by Skyfall's producers after work on the film was suspended in 2010 when Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer , its studio, fell into severe financial difficulties. It was later rescued a deal that put a US firm, Spyglass Entertainment , at MGM'S helm.The film, Daniel Craig's third appearance as 007, received four and five-star reviews recently in the Daily Telegraph, Times, and Daily Mail, and in Empire magazine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16815447", "title": "Education dept\u2019s scholarship scheme self-defeating", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The education department recently announced a scholarship scheme for higher studies for children of teachers and vidyasahayaks. Interestingly, only students whose family income is Rs 25,000 per annum or less are eligible for the scholarship. This, while the salary of even a vidyasahayaks at Rs 5,500 per month, comes to Rs 66,000 a year. The annual income of a government teacher is, of course, even higher. What this essentially means is that no child in the state meets the eligibility criterion.Government teachers have now submitted representations to the district collector offices all over the state. Under the scholarship scheme, child of a teacher is eligible for Rs 15,000 per annum after clearing HSC to pursue higher studies.\"There was lot of positive response from the teaching community when the scholarship scheme was announced. However, when the teachers went to get the forms, the fine print said that only children whose parents' annual income was not more than Rs 25,000 were eligible. We have requested the state education department to take steps to ensure that deserving children could take benefit of this scheme,\" said Yogesh Mishra, president of the Ahmedabad City Secondary and Higher Secondary Administrative Employees Association.Mishra said that in the past too, similar scheme was announced but the children of the teachers could not take advantage due to similar riders. \"We have made representations demanding suitable changes in the scholarship scheme at the earliest so that children of teachers can get the financial support to pursue higher education\", said Nitin Pandya, a teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16815508", "title": "Juhu locals take on BMC over \u2018cover-up\u2019 job", "text": "MUMBAI: A section of citizens in Juhu is fighting tooth and nail to save the area from flooding after the civic stormwater drains (SWD) department allowed a developer to cover and build a recreation ground atop a section of Irla and Koldongri nullahs.Save Open Spaces (SOS), a local NGO, has alleged that the builder has colluded with the slum rehabilitation authority (SRA), Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority, the SWD and the development plan departments, to deprive the city of three recreation grounds (RGs) in the name of slum redevelopment (Hanuman Nagar scheme).The issue pertains to three adjoining plots measuring approximately over 2.33 lakh sq ft opposite the Juhu Millennium Club. Of the total area, nearly 1.01 lakh sq ft is spread across three RGs. While one plot belonged to the state government (which was illegally built upon), the other two are reserved as RGs. The shifting of the RG over the nullahs is being done on the directions of the high court in lieu of loss of a designated RG. Four buildings stand on this plot.The SWD department has allowed the two nullahs to be covered from S V Road to the Juhu Millennium Club; this area is much more than required for the RG. Locals have accused the BMC of being discriminatory in giving permissions and demanded that it cover all nullahs in the suburbs.K-west ward officer Ramesh Pawar re-affirmed the residents' views when he informed the municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte that covering of the nullahs may lead to problems in desilting and cause flooding on the upstream side during heavy rains. Kunte has called for a report from the SWD and the development plan departments as well as the superintendent of gardens.The case dates back to 1997 when the builder first mooted a proposal to redevelop the slums on the plots. The matter went to court which set up a committee under the then principal secretary Ravi Budhiraja to ascertain the facts. In his report, Budhiraja said Mhada had fraudulently issued a no-objection certificate (NOC) when the land did not belong to it and issued an annexure II based on which the SRA issued a Letter of Intent. This was used by the builder to execute the rehabilitation scheme.A public interest litigation was filed on the matter and the court directed that in lieu of the plot on which the construction was carried out, an equivalent portion of land on the adjoining plot must be given to the government. SOS convenor Ashok Pandit said the court may not have been informed that the nullahs passed through the plot. \"There is no record of it,\" he said.It was in 2006-07 that the SWD department first granted permission for a 400-m section of Irla and Koldongri nullahs to be diverted and covered. Following a report in TOI in 2009, the SWD revoked its order. In March 2011, the SWD ordered Zodiac builders to remove concrete pillars errected in the centre of the nullahs as they were obstructing the flow and the desilting work. In November 2011, the SWD once again approved covering of the nullahs.Ramesh Shah of Zodiac builders said he had undertaken work based on permissions granted by various agencies. \"The city has many underground drains designed for a rainfall intensity of 25mm per hour. We have widened and deepened the nullahs for an intensity of 50mm per hour,\" he said.P K Das, civic activist and architect, said, \"Nullahs are vital for the city. Ironically, the development of both the nullahs is driven by the builder's needs and not the BMC's requirements.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16817497", "title": "Lokayukta raid unearths property worth Rs 2 crore", "text": "INDORE: Lokayukta sleuths raided residential premises of chief account officer and general manager of Schedule Caste Financial Corporation (SCFC) and unearthed property worth Rs 2 crore, here on Sunday.Superintendent of police (SP), Lokayukta, Virendra Singh said that people were constantly complaining against Bhupendra Singh Bhati, the official in question who is currently posted in Bhopal. Lokayukta team found property documents worth Rs 2 crore, which is disproportionate to his known sources of income of Rs 45 lakh. The figure can go higher, once the locker is opened on Monday, he added. On Sunday, Lokayukta team conducted raids at the two residential premises of Bhati located at Kalanibag in Dewas and Gawali Palasia in Mhow.According to him, the official owns four houses including three in Indore and one in Dewas. The lokayukta also recovered a total of 10 acre agricultural land in Dewas and Mandsaur, which have been registered in the name of his two children.The SP said that both the children are pursuing medical courses which might have cost nearly Rs 30 lakh so far. Apart from it, the official has taken insurance policy of Rs 10 lakh and has deposited nearly Rs 10 lakh in bank accounts.Two motor-bikes and Rs 30,000 cash apart from jewelleries were also recovered from his residence.Our Mhow correspondent adds: DSP Lokayukta police, SL Katariya, conducted raid on the house of Bhupendra Singh Bhati in Gawli Palasiya village on Sunday. His mother and sister reside in the house in Mhow. Rs 1700 in cash, ornaments worth Rs 36000, ten pass books of different banks and land related documents of Mhow and Indore have been recovered from his residence at Mhow during the raid. Katariya told TOI that Bhati is in service in the department for only 18 years but he has gathered assets worth more than Rs 3 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16816435", "title": "Children join the b(r)andwagon", "text": "RANCHI: There was a time, in the not-so distant past, when school children, both boys and girls, had to dress up in a certain manner before leaving for school. So while it was mandatory for girls to tie a ribbon on the hair, boys had to oil their hair to keep them from becoming unruly. But all that is passe. It is common to see little girls in the city tip-toeing with their mothers into swanky beauty parlours. And the boys aren't far behind their female counterparts. Most of them sport a funky look, thanks to so much exposure through different media.Surprisingly, not just the kids but also their parents have become very conscious about their child's looks. As a result of this, even a three-year old kid can be seen perched self-assuredly in an upmarket salon, instructing the hair-stylist about the type of cut s/he'd like to go for.\"I like spikes,\" exclaimed four-year old Ayan, who was spotted at a famous parlour in the city with his father, Ajeet Mullick. Contrary to those times when fathers would see this as an extravagance, his father had no qualms about it. In fact, he said, \"My son should look adorable all the time and so I don't hesitate in spending on his haircuts or clothes. Gone are the days when the only hairstyle for kids was bob cut. With so many programmes on the TV featuring impeccably dressed people including kids, and a plethora of advertisements featuring children, my son was getting conscious about his looks. So I felt it was better to give him the look he wants rather than make him feel embarrassed in front of his friends, all of whom have funky haircuts.\"So one must be wondering as to what really triggered this trend? As hairstylist Nishant Mishra put it, \"The craze of hairstyling among kids took off from the movie Taare Zameen Par where Amir Khan was seen styling the children's hair. Since then parents too started becoming conscious about the looks of their wards.\"It is not hairstyle alone that children are particular about. They are also becoming increasingly conscious about the brand of clothes and shoes they wear. \"My daughter refuses to wear any outfit that is not from her favourite store or brand. I too avoid buying stuff that is not branded, as the branded ones are always more fashionable,\" said Meenakshi Sharma, mother of a six-year old girl.If hair and clothes have been taken care of, can the other goodies such as toys, bags, pencil boxes and lunch boxes be far behind? These have to be inspired from their favourite cartoon characters. Brands are making the most of this trend. So from Chota Bheem to Ben Ten and Pokemon, you'll find them all over children's stores with bags bearing their imprint and so on. Shopkeepers are sure laughing their way to the bank wit such goodies flying off their racks. \"I love Ben Ten and so my father bought me a Ben Ten bag and a pencil box with wheels in it,\" said 11-year old Prateek.Amit Kumar, a shopkeeper summed it up, \"Children nowadays know what exactly they want and most of the time these things are related to their favourite cartoon characters. There has been a rise in the demand of various cartoon characters inspired school stuffs including bags, erasers, pens and pencil boxes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16817514", "title": "Manipur security forces targeted again, IED defused", "text": "IMPHAL: A bomb explosion was averted at Ushoipokpi village in Thoubal district when bomb experts safely defused a powerful IED containing 2.5 kg RDX. The bomb was planted by rebels to target security forces.\"A resident of Ushoipokpi informed the road opening party of AR's Lilong post about a suspicious object placed near the bridge,\" an AR statement said. On receipt of this information, the company commander of Lilong AR post, along with his road troops, who were sanitizing the road nearby, rushed to the spot and identified the IED. The area was cordoned off immediately, traffic was halted and police bomb disposal team was informed.The troops assisted by civilians, police and bomb disposal team defused the IED at 9am on Saturday. After analyzing the bomb, it was found that the IED was housed in an aluminum container with 2.5 kg of RDX. It also had a nickel cadmium 9 volt battery as a power source and a sophisticated remote activation circuit with antenna, the statement said.The IED was powerful enough to cause major damage to vehicles plying on the road, civilians and security forces in the area. \"A local youth club, the residents of Ushoipokpi and Lilong condemned the placing of the IED. They organized a protest and raised slogans against bomb attacks as it was causing a lot of trouble to the locals and preventing them from moving around freely,\" the statement said.They also raised their voice against the rebels and said such acts should not be repeated, especially in view of the forthcoming festive season.Assam Rifles thanked the Manipur police bomb disposal team and Lilong and Thoubal Police for their assistance in diffusing the IED, the statement added. \"The nefarious designs of rebels to disturb peace and tranquility in the region will be thwarted by the security forces. We caution the rebels to refrain from such acts of cowardice,\" the AR statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16815846", "title": "Times Property Expo grabs eyeballs", "text": "JAIPUR: Urban development minister Shanti Dhariwal inaugurated the 'Times Premium Property Expo 2012' organized by The Times of India at the Jaipur Marriott on Sunday.After visiting the stalls and interacting with developers, Dhariwal said that focus should be on high-rises and vertical growth instead of horizontal expansion and a flat culture should be encouraged.\"The government will introduce an apartment policy in the coming budget session. The new measures are aimed at addressing the whole range of issues that a customer faces in the process of owning a house,\" he said, adding, \"Developers will be made responsible to deliver on what they promise.\"The expo was off to a good start as customers looked for deals and builders seemed buoyed by the demand uptick. \"One of our projects has seen 40% appreciation in one year,\" said an official of Unique Builders, which is planning to launch a premium project during the Diwali period.Amid the festive buzz and awards, developers quietly cut business deals during the one-day show. An official of Anukampa Group said they are set to clinch two deals and talks are in the final stage. To keep the mood upbeat the group is giving festival offers like free air-conditioners for one of their projects.Upasana Group, which is receiving bookings for eight properties, plans to launch two projects during Diwali with a festival discount offer of 5%.Sharad Mishra, director of UKM group, spoke about a new green project, \"It is the first green project not only in the city but in the whole of Rajasthan. Market will be driven by concept selling.\"Of late, the city has also been witnessing an increasing demand in premium and luxury properties. SDC Group said they were working on 14 projects with flats in six of them ranging between Rs 1.25 crore up to Rs 3 crore.Felicity Group is also banking on this segment of buyers and has three projects with prices of flats going up to Rs 2.5 crore.Having secured 90% booking in one of their ultra luxury properties, Okay Plus Group anticipates demand for the high-end segment. \"Our special projects offer wooden flooring, modular kitchens with chimneys, ACs, club house and swimming pool,\" said Vijay Krishna Modi, director. Officials of Okay Plus said bookings are on for seven properties.Stalls of Shree Shakambhari Developers, Riddhi Siddhi Group, Pearl Spytech Group, Manglam Build Developers Ltd, ARG Group -Vision beyond the Future, Ridhiraj Builders, and Joy Bharat Group also witnessed good footfalls.Purushottam Agarwal, principal secretary, PHD, said there is a rising trend among high networth individuals not to build a villa or individual bungalow of their own. Besides hassles of construction, security, services, and opportunity for community living are the factors behind this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16820159", "title": "Vivian's fianc\u00e9e is his good luck charm", "text": "Actor Vivian Dsena feels his fiancee Vahbiz Dorabjee is his lucky mascot.He says, \"Since the time Vahbiz has entered my life, there has been a lot of changes. And all these changes have been for the good. Personally, she has polished me as a man. I was a boy before I met her!\" grins Vivian. Ask whether his female fan following reduced post his engagement to the actress last November and the actor adds, \"I am engaged to her and my fan following is not affected at all.It has increased, rather,\" he smiles. And doesn't he miss being single post engagement? \"People say that being single is the best and most enjoyable phase of one's life but the real fun is in being committed. I am a typical Cancerian and have always been a family guy , so I am the happiest person. She has brought in a lot of stability in my life.\" This couple seems to be quite lucky in love!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16817486", "title": "AGP foundation day tinged with nostalgia, remorse", "text": "GUWAHATI: Sunday was a poignant day for the leaders of Asom Gana Parishad (AGP). As the regional party celebrated its 27th foundation day in Lakhimpur on Sunday, AGP leaders reminisced about the formation of the party 27 years ago following the end of the six-year anti-foreigner Assam Agitation which culminated with the signing of the Assam Accord in 1985.But even as the leaders indulged in nostalgia about the party's heydays when it ruled the state for two consecutive terms, they expressed remorse at the series of electoral debacles AGP has witnessed since 2001.While paying a tribute to all the martyrs who sacrificed their lives for making the state \"free of Bangladeshis\", the AGP leaders expressed anguish over the continuing infiltration problem blaming it on non-implementation of the Assam Accord in letter and spirit and lamented that the state was still not \"foreigner-free\".The AGP, which was also in state's power for twice alleged that it could not do much to prevent illegal influx from Bangladesh during its tenure due to lack of support from the Centre.\"The time has come that the state should revive the great Assam Agitation once again. Illegal influx from Bangladesh has eroded the state's demography and the rights of indigenous people. AGP, in its coming days, is going to refresh the movement with more aggression to check infiltration,\" said Prafulla Mahanta, party president and former chief minister of Assam.Lamenting the party's gradual decline in popularity and its last poll debacle, the leaders also sought the help of the people of the state to strengthen the party. \"AGP was born of a people's movement. However, due to unintentional past mistakes the party is paying heavily. Therefore, the party seeks suggestions from all sections of people of the state to strengthen its roots,\" said publicity secretary Manoj Saikia.The AGP vowed to nurture the spirit of \"regionalism\" among the state's youth. \"Regionalism is the only way to save the state from the influx issues. Until and unless the youngsters start to value regionalism, the state's future is at stake,\" added Saikia.The party also decided to visit Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde in the last week of the October to press for the implementation of the Assam Accord.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16817388", "title": "Pune cops not allowed to quiz Feroz", "text": "PUNE: The officers of the special cell of the Delhi police, who had brought alleged Indian Mujahideen operative Sayyed Feroz to Pune on Saturday, did not allow either the city police or the state anti-terrorism squad (ATS) officials to question him.The Delhi police team, comprising four sub-inspectors and two policemen, conducted searches at Feroz's two tailoring shops and workshop in Pune Camp as well as the flat at Kasarwadi which he had allegedly taken on rent for three months. After keeping him in the lock-up of the Cantonment police station for the night, the team left with him on Sunday morning. Sources said the team went to Delhi via Mumbai.The Delhi cops, who were stationed outside the lock-up on Saturday night, did not allow some officers from the crime branch to question Feroz. A source from the city police told TOI, \"The Delhi police officers told our crime branch officer that their deputy inspector general (DIG) had given strict instructions that no one should meet Feroz in the lock-up.\"Delhi police were in Pune during GaneshotsavA Delhi police team had stayed in a lodge in Pune Camp during last month's Ganesh festival, city police sources said. Acting on a tip-off, the city police had raided the lodge and questioned the team members. Initially, the Delhi cops said they were tourists from the capital. However, the local police suspected something was not right about their statements and took them to the police station for questioning. There, the Delhi cops revealed their true identity but said they had come to Pune in connection with a murder case.It is now learnt that the Delhi team had come here to keep a watch on Feroz's activities. The sources said that one of them, posing as a Delhi-based trader, had gone to Feroz's shop, 'Options by Feroz', on Jan Mohammed street. \"He told one of Feroz's employees that he wanted to give them a huge order and got Feroz's cell phone number. This later led to Feroz's arrest,\" the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16815218", "title": "Public 'treated worse than animals' on buses: Trajano", "text": "PANAJI: Lokancho Adhar on Saturday demanded that the government ensure that senior citizens get 50% concession on fares on private buses in Goa. Speaking to reporters, the organization's president, Trajano D'Mello, also demanded that the government ensure discipline and good service from conductors, drivers and cleaners on all private buses in Goa.Objecting to the 100% bus fare hike demanded by the private bus owners as \"unjustified\", D'Mello said that before the government even considers the demand, it should ensure that the private buses offer good service to the travelling public who are \"treated worse than animals\" in private buses.Sometimes, the bus operators take their buses off the road on Sundays and holidays thereby leaving the commuters to fend for themselves, said D'Mello. \"On some routes, the buses are svery slow.\"\"The traffic police are hand-in-glove with the private bus operators and are interested only in issuing challans to private vehicles. The government must set this right before considering the demand of the private bus operators for a 100% hike in bus fares. The government should not burden the citizens further, because the private bus is the only mode of transport for the common man,\" D'Mello said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814823", "title": "Permit row: Auto drivers move HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: A group of autorickshaw drivers have moved the Delhi high court against the government's decision to issue 10,000 new permits even as the apex court had ordered addition of 45,000 more three-wheelers on the city's roads.Following the Supreme Court's last year order to increase the number of autos from 55,000 to a lakh, the Delhi government issued notification on August 8, inviting applications from auto drivers to issue 10,000 new permits in the first phase and said 35,000 more autos would get permits in the next phase. A bench of Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw has decided to hear the plea on October 17.Filing a petition, the autorickshaw drivers union, including Bharatiya Tipahiya Chalak Sangh, alleged that the government decision is \"violative of autorickshaw drivers' fundamental right to earn livelihood\".The auto drivers also alleged the government's decision to issue permits in the phased manner would encourage the auto-finance-mafias who run the racket in connivance with transport officials.\"The process ... is violative of the Delhi Motor Vehicle Rules. The process is prone to manipulation and is already causing black marketing of permits in violation of the SC's December 16, 1997 order. The auto companies are misusing the process to drive autorickshaw drivers into the arms of auto-finance-mafia, which, in turn, are using the opportunity to sell vehicles at a hefty premium. This is adversely impacting the livelihood of autorickshaw drivers,\" the petition stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16815679", "title": "Ajmer, Udaipur jails receive Rs 54 lakh for video conferencing", "text": "JAIPUR: Learning a lesson from the escape bid of undertrials in the Bhanwari Devi case, the authorities have started the work of setting up video conferencing facilities in two more central jails in the state - Ajmer and Udaipur. The two jails received Rs 54 lakh for the purpose on Friday.\"The money sanctioned to us in July 2012 has reached us finally. We hope to start the system soon,\" said Omendra Bhardwaj, director general, jail, on Sunday.\"A room would be constructed at Ajmer and Udaipur central jails which would have every gadget needed to connect it to a trial court for the presence of the dreaded undertrials,\" he added.After the escape of Kailash Jakhar, one of the accused in the Bhanwari Devi murder case in July, chief minister Ashok Gehlot had constituted a four-member committee under additional chief secretary (home) Ashok Sampatram to review the security arrangements for transporting the undertrials to courts. During then the committee had advocated on the need to have a video conferencing system for producing undertrials for trivial things like extension of judicial custody.\"The Jaipur and Jodhpur central jails already have video conferencing facility which was being used for extension of judicial custody where the court merely needs the presence of an undertrial. It has been fetching good results as it saves our time and also avoids giving a chance for the undertrial to escape,\" he added.\"Within six months we are aiming at starting this facility in Ajmer and Udaipur as well,\" said Omendra Bhardwaj.\"We have eight central jails in the state. Since video conferencing is on at Jodhpur and Jaipur jails, in the near future we will make it available at two more jails including Ajmer and Udaipur. Later, if needed, all the eight central jails would be connected to courts via video conferencing,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16817509", "title": "MP to be open defecation free in next 5 yrs: Ramesh", "text": "INDORE: Union minister for drinking water and sanitation Jairam Ramesh said that all villages in Madhya Pradesh will become free from open defecation in the next five years. He was speaking at Nirmal Bharat Yatra programme at Devguraria in Indore here on Sunday.\"MP has 23,000 gram panchayats out of which 7300 gram panchayats will be made free from open defecation in the next one year and entire state will be free from open defecation in the next five years,\" he said.Sikkim has become first state of the country to become free from open defecation while Kerala and Himachal Pradesh will be next state to become free from open defecation in next few months.Ramesh said that a majority of gram panchayats that have received 'Nirmal gram award' from the President are not 'Nirmal' (clean) ones. Every year union government gives away 'Nirmal gram award' to gram panchayats for adopting hygienic practices.Ramesh said that until now, 2100 gram panchayats have got 'Nirmal gram award'. \"I cannot say the exact number of gram panchayats that have received the award by manipulation, but I can only say for sure that number is huge,\" said Ramesh adding that there was a large number of gram panchayats that have got the award. But people hailing from those gram panchayats still defecate in the open. He added that a gram panchayat is nirmal only when women do not have to go in the open for defecation.He further said that earlier toilets were constructed for Rs 3500, so one can easily understand about their quality. The toilets which were constructed are no more in use. Keeping it in mind, now union government has increased the fund for toilet to Rs 10,000 out of which Rs 4500 will come from MGNERGA. However, the fund will be given only when money will be used for constructing toilets and one ensures its use by his family members.\"A separate allocation will be made for the house headed by widow and handicapped,\" said Ramesh adding that along with BPL families now a special category will be created for family headed by widow and handicapped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16820079", "title": "Rani Mukerji\u2019s brother Raja arrested", "text": "Rani Mukerji's brother Raja Mukerji was arrested in Mumbai on Sunday for molesting Priya Mishra.Priya is a model and TV actress and met Raja for professional reasons. She accused Raja of molesting her in his car. Raja is a small time filmmaker and had allegedly demanded sexual favors from the actress.A medical test was also conducted and later he was taken to the police custody. Raja will be produced in the Andheri Metropolitan Court soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ara/gaya", "code": "16814117", "title": "Violence mars Nitish's Adhikar yatra", "text": "ARA/GAYA: Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar's 'Adhikar Yatra' meetings at Ara and Buxar on Sunday were cancelled in view of the violence in the state's Madhubani district on Saturday. The 'Adhikar Yatra' of Nitish slated for Sunday at Veer Kuer Singh stadium located at Ramana Maidan was cancelled at the last minute. This was the second time the CM cancelled his visit to Ara. Earlier, he had to cancel his 'Seva Yatra' in June after the murder of Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Singh. Adhikar Yatra's cancellation was confirmed by Ara SDO Dharmesh Kumar Singh.A 24-year-old man critically-injured in Saturday's police firing in Madhubani district succumbed to his injuries on Sunday and the news acted as a catalyst for fresh protests in the restive region.The entire Ara town had been cordoned off for the meeting. The CM had to address a public meeting first but later it was converted into a JD-U workers' meet. Congress leaders led by Sridhar Tiwari and Pramod Kumar Rai took out a procession despite heavy security. It passed through the main thoroughfares of the town and terminated near the meeting place where they burnt the CM's effigy.Addressing the people, they said the CM had developed an authoritarian streak hence the people had protested everywhere he went. They questioned the misuse of public money on the workers' meeting of a political party and demanded inquiry into its expenditure. RJD MLA from Jagdishpur Bhai Dinesh said the CM should resign immediately. Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad convenor Amrendra Shakarwar, while condemning the firing at Madhubani, said anarchy had reached its peak in the NDA regime.RJD president Lalu Prasad on Sunday visited Paraiya, the scene of recent violent clashes between the CPI (M-L) activists and the police following alleged delay in the lodging of a gang-rape FIR and inaction against the culprits.Expressing solidarity with the people in their fight against 'police brutality and injustice', the RJD chief said instead of punishing the rape case accused, the state machinery has been let loose on protestors against injustice. Addressing an impressive public meeting there, Lalu said women and weaker sections had become vulnerable to all kinds of atrocities including gang-rape, molestation and physical assault. The RJD chief ridiculed 'sushasan' claims of CM Nitish Kumar , adding Nitish appears to have lost control and police have become tyrannical and insensitive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16816194", "title": "85 colleges fail to submit UP board exam forms", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 85 schools have not submitted the examination forms of class X and XII students even after the last date. This has put the future of thousands of students at risk because they may not be allowed to appear in the UP board examinations.The forms for classes X and XII examinations to be conducted by Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad were scheduled to be deposited by the second week of October at Government Inter College, Chunniganj and Government Girls Inter College, Vijay Nagar.DIOS authorities pointed out that as many as 50 colleges have not deposited the forms for High School and 35 for Intermediate.The first lot of the examination forms had already been sent to the UP Board office while the second one is scheduled to be sent within a week. \"The authorities of the defaulting colleges will themselves be responsible in case the examinees suffer,\" district inspector of schools Komal Yadav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16816935", "title": "'Patients to get free medicines from Nov'", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Sunday said patients undergoing treatment in government hospitals, across the state will get free medicines from next month onwards.\"We are going to be the country's first state to give free medicine to patients undergoing treatment in government hospitals,\" Chouhan said at a function organized to give bonus to tendu leaf pluckers, mostly tribals, at Malajkhand in Balaghat district. He said offices of an additional collector and additional superintendent of police will be opened at Baihar tehsil given that the district headquarters was 80 km from it.Right now, people over petty issues from tribal dominated Baihar have to go to district headquarters, Chouhan added. CM said the two offices will be opened at Baihar in 15 days.CM announced a package of more than Rs 90 crore - for infrastructure development of the district, including Rs 18 crore for a drinking water scheme for Malajkhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814198", "title": "IABF help for hurt boxer", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Amateur Boxing Federation (IABF) on Sunday announced financial assistance of Rs 1 lakh to the family of injured boxer Manisha Chauhan.The 20-year-old boxer from Mumbai is nursing a head injury picked up during a training session with a senior last week. She was then who was rushed to the hospital where the young pugilist underwent a brain surgery.Following the footsteps of the parent body, the Maharashtra State Boxing Association (MBA) also announced Rs 50,000 to be given to the boxer's family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "16814910", "title": "Malda youth arrested for Hizbul links", "text": "MALDA: The National Investigation Agency (NIA), with the help of BSF and local police, arrested a youth from Manoharpur on Saturday night for his alleged links with Hizbul Mujahideen.Sources said the youth Badal Sheikh has allegedly circulated fake currencies to the militant outfit. It was learnt from the NIA sources that an FIR was registered in Janipur police station in Jammu in January last year. Later, the Centre transferred the case to NIA for further investigation. Accordingly, a case was re-registered at PS NIA (as case No.RC-07/2011/NIA-DLI dated 19/05/2011). There were allegations of criminal conspiracy by circulating counterfeit Indian currency notes to fund terrorist outfit Hizbul Mujahideen's operations in Jammu and Kashmir.Later, NIA filed a chargesheet in July 2011 against four accused persons under sections 120(B) of IPC, 489(C) of RPC and 13 &amp; 40 of UA(P) Act. Further investigation is on under section 173 (8) of CrPC. It may be recalled that in July, 2011, one Mohammad Salim Sk of Kaliachak was arrested by Malda Police. While interrogating him, the sleuths got to know about Badal and started looking for him.Sri Madhukar, Commandant of BSF, said, \"We had information that Badal was the kingpin of the currency racket. And NIA was also looking for him. We nabbed him last night in a joint raid.\" Fake currencies worth Rs 20000 were recovered from his possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16815676", "title": "Two newborn girls abandoned", "text": "JAIPUR: Two newborn girls on Sunday were abandoned in Bhilwara and Udaipur within an hour of their birth. The two girls are said to be born at almost the same time.One of the girls was found on Sunday morning in an animal shed in Bhilwara wrapped in a jute sack. Another one was left outside an ashram in Udaipur by her parents who disappeared after ringing the bell of the ashram.The girl found in Sarada village of Bhilwara district is undergoing treatment at a government hospital. Bhilwara child welfare committee chairperson Dr Suman Trivedi said, \"The girl has sustained some scratches on her body as she was wrapped in a sack. She is undergoing treatment at a hospital. The girl is healthy and her weight is around 3.1kg.\"Trivedi said that the doctors claimed the girl was born on Sunday morning and was abandoned soon after her birth. The doctors said the baby girl is healthy.Another girl found in Udaipur is undergoing treatment at the ICU of a government hospital. Mahesh Ashram Yog Guru Davendra Agarwal said, \"Someone left the infant outside the ashram in a cot. The weight of the girl is 1.5kg and it seems that she was born just half an hour before we found her. The girl was rushed to the hospital for treatment as she is underweight.\"Since the state government is taking strict action against the accused of female feticide, the parents are now resorting to abandoning girls in large numbers. In Bhilwara, three infant girls have been abandoned since April 2012.Also, girl child policy will soon be launched in the state to provide girl children with a right environment for survival, participation, growth and development, and a life with dignity and without discrimination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16817287", "title": "Hospitals should maintain a human face: Sharad Pawar", "text": "PUNE: Hospitals should strive to maintain a human face amidst modernisation and advancements. It is a doctor, who, while rendering care, helps a hospital win confidence and trust of millions of patients, said Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar after unveiling the foundation stone of the proposed 11-storey centenary building of KEM Hospital here on Sunday. The hospital completed its centenary this year on October 4.Drawing attention to the Union government's special programmes to financially support the institutions which have completed hundred years in service, Pawar said, \"The Union government makes special budgetary provisions to support institutes that have completed hundred years. College of Agriculture in Pune received the financial support in the past and I am confident that the KEM Hospital deserves to avail the benefit of this scheme in all respects. The Union and state governments can help the KEM Hospital to realise its future projects.\"Pawar also spoke about his association with the KEM Hospital and, more particularly, with late Banoo Coyaji. He also underlined the vast and continuous contributions made and being made by Parsi community in building the nation and serving humanity.Darius Forbes, president of the KEM Hospital Society, spoke about the philanthropist Sardar Moodliar and the role of the Moodliar family in setting up the KEM Hospital. His grandfather, father, uncles and other family members were involved in procuring various instruments, equipment and trained manpower to run the hospital.Senior nephrologist Farrokh Wadia, director of the nephrology unit at hospital spoke about Late Banoo Coyaji, who gave 55 years of her life to the KEM Hospital. \"She was a fearless and iconic leader who led from the front. Although she passed away eight years ago, she still lives in the heart of all those who worked with her,\" Wadia said.Senior microbiologist V S Padbidri, director of the KEM Hospital Research Center gave on overview of the field operational research done at KEM. \"The research centre's mission has always been to carry out problem oriented and problem solving research,\" Padbidri said.Kurus Coyaji, medical director of KEM Hospital, spoke about the past achievements and KEM's future projects. \"In the 100-year journey, the KEM has metamorphosed from a 4-bedded maternity home to a 600-bedded, well equipped and, in many respects, state-of-the-art multispecialty medical centre. But this non-government hospital has always remained true to its ethos of being 'a hospital with a heart' where the best medical care is available to the rich and poor patients alike,\" Coyaji said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16815571", "title": "Home depertment sends out conflicting messages", "text": "The functioning of the home department, led by NCP leader R R Patil , appears rather peculiar. In the wake of the August 11 riots, Patil shunted out then Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik for inept handling of the situation. But a month later, he nominated the controversial IPS officer for a crucial week-long conference on homeland security dialogue between India and the US at San Diego, California. Significantly, the entire proposal was processed by the home department within a week and a letter of nomination given to Patnaik on the date of his departure to the US. When riots broke out in Mumbai after activists protesting against atrocities in Assam went on the rampage, Patil immediately moved a proposal to shunt out Patnaik. If a senior Congress minister is to be believed, Patil personally took the file to CM Prithviraj Chavan. The home minister convinced the CM that it was essential to shift Patnaik. Patnaik was shifted to the Maharashtra State Security Corporation on promotion. Patnaik's assignment is considered a parking lot for unwanted police officers. But in view of his nomination for the conference, Patnaik appears to be on a comeback trail. An IPS officer said, either Patnaik's removal was incorrect or his nomination for the conference was wrong. An officer blamed for dismal performance can't be nominated for the prestigious conference.Forging a new pathControversial chief engineer Vijay Pandhare has set a new example, not only before his colleagues in the water resources department, but in the entire IAS and IPS. At a juncture when most technocrats and bureaucrats prefer to toe the line of ruling politicians, Pandhare single-handedly took on the all-powerful deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. On his routine visit to an irrigation project in Vidarbha, Pandhare found that while the entire payment was made to the contractor long back, even basic work was not launched on the project site. An alert Pandhare then began a survey of key projects and discovered that most of them were incomplete, while payment had been made to the erring contractors. Pandhare then submitted a comprehensive note to the water resources secretary. Subsequently, Pandhare knocked on the doors of governor K Sankaranarayanan and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on the state of affairs in the department led by Ajit Pawar. Finally, it led to the resignation of Ajit Pawar from the cabinet. By and large, it was found that technocrats, bureaucrats and IPS officers prefer to toe the line of the ruling politicians for obvious reasons. Many of them are looking for post-retirement assignments, while a section of them are keen on a peaceful life. Of course, there are many bureaucrats and IPS officers, who suddenly become more knowledgeable and intelligent after retirement. Pandhare chose a new path. Instead of waiting for retirement, he decided to expose the government while in service itself. So far, no one in the government has been able to take him on for breach of discipline or misconduct. Now, Pandhare is prepared for any eventuality.Split wide openThe inauguration of the Rs 50 crore cancer hospital in Aurangabad recently put high-ranking officials in the medical education department and bureaucrats in Marathwada in a quandary. More so, as it came soon after a vertical split in the Congress and NCP. Following a lead by medical education minister Vijay Kumar Gavit, a former professor of medicine, a state-of-the-art cancer hospital was set up on the premises of the Government Medical College. A date for inauguration of the hospital at the hands of then deputy CM Ajit Pawar, too, was fixed and invitation cards circulated. While Gavit prepared for the grand event, there was a message from Mantralaya to the director of medical education, dean, Aurangabad divisional commissioner and collector not to attend the event and wait for further instructions. Even officials of the medical education department boycotted the event, but a firm Gavit inaugurated the hospital in the presence of a section of NCP workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814291", "title": "Centre tells states to initiate police reforms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Giving a new lease of life to various recommendations on police reforms including abolition of 'orderly' system in police force and evaluating quality of service at police stations by citizens, the Centre has written to states asking them to take action on several 'measures' relating to over four dozen 'functional areas' of policing which may help in improving 'law and order' machinery.Though a number of suggestions had attracted public attention after Supreme Court delivered its judgment in response to a PIL on police reforms six years ago, the majority of them have been gathering dust in the files of state secretariats.\"A detailed note has been sent to states by the home ministry. Since 'police' is a state subject, it is for the state governments to enact Acts and rules to deal with the police,\" said an official.Incidentally, the ministry woke up only after retired IPS officer Prakash Singh - who first moved the apex court on police reforms through the PIL in 1996 - had launched \"People's Police Movement\" on September 22 to highlight how both the central and state governments ignored the Supreme Court directions on many key suggestions.Reacting to the ministry's recent move, Singh - former police chief of Assam and Uttar Pradesh - said, \"Had the Centre been serious, it would have at least enacted new the Police Act for Delhi Police that comes under the Union home ministry.\"He added, \"The file to enact the Act has, however, been taking rounds of law and home ministries and Delhi government for the last five years after the apex court's direction. Though some states have amended their Police Acts, the amendments are more in the nature of perpetuating the status quo.\"Some of the 'measures' which are supposed to be implemented by states include abolition of \"orderly\" system, creating a system of district attorney to guide investigation of crimes in districts, setting up metropolitan police authorities in all cities with population above one million, establishing an independent inspectorate of police to carry out performance audit of police stations and introducing a 'citizen friendly' system of registration of FIRs.Although the orderly system (posting orderlies at the residence of police officers) has been abolished in some states, most of them still practice it through backdoor by attaching constables for screening visitors, attending telephone calls and delivering urgent messages.Taking strong view of this system, the Administrative Reforms Commission (ARC) had in June 2007 recommended abolishing it completely which it found humiliating for constables. It also viewed it as sheer waste of human resources that had actually been trained to do 'core' policing jobs.Seeking to set up Metropolitan Police Authorities in all cities having population above one million, the reform panel expressed that such body should have powers to plan and oversee community policing, increase police-citizen interface and suggest ways to improve quality of policing.The ARC in its report on 'Ethics in Governance' also suggested a \"periodic rating\" of all police stations on the perception of citizens who have approached the police station for any service. It said the citizens must be involved in the assessment and maintenance of ethics in government offices and institutions.\"All these suggestions along with the ARC report on 'Public Order' - comprising 152 recommendations relating to states - have now been sent to states for taking action to improve police functioning,\" the home ministry official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16816437", "title": "Hiring a lawyer can help cut financial losses", "text": "Prevention is better than cure, but one hardly thinks of applying it to fields other than health. Take lawyers. Would you ever think of taking legal counsel before starting a simple endeavour, say, buying a property or renting it out? Probably not, because you would be fairly confident of handling the matter on your own and wouldn't want to spend extra money on what you may regard as unnecessary advice. But remember that paying a small price now may protect you from financial loss later. Lawyers are paid on consultation basis and, typically, a onetime consultation would cost 2,000-5 ,000. Here are a few situations where legal counsel can be important.Estate planningWe all know that a will can be drawn on a simple piece of paper, but this doesn't mean it will be watertight or that your heirs may not land in a legal mess. To avoid problems cropping up later and having your heirs spend a small fortune on court fee, it's best to plug loopholes. Most people aren't familiar with complex legal terms and can overlook critical points. For instance , do you know the significance of appointing an executor for the will, or the necessity of describing the entire property adequately, or that you cannot bequeath assets to a person who is a witness to the will? Further, depending on your religion, you may be governed by different laws of accession . Your time and effort in writing a will may go waste if you commit a mistake. Here's where a lawyer can help you save both. A standard will-writing service includes advice on the types of property that the law permits you to pass on through the instrument. Once you explain to the lawyer how you want to bequeath your assets, he will draft the will and get it attested by two witnesses . This usually costs 5,000-15 ,000, depending on the lawyer. However, the service will not include additional advice on the different tools of estate planning. Such fullfledged advice would cost 45,000-50 ,000. \"For complex options like a trust, the cost could shoot up. So, before approaching a lawyer, decide on how you would like to leave a legacy for your loved ones,\" says Richa Karpe, director, investments, Altamount Capital Management.Buying propertySince buying a house or land is probably the biggest investment that you will make, it's best to be cautious while conducting transactions because a loss could leave you financially crippled for life. For instance, if you buy property and find out that it is mired in legal dispute, you will not be able to get it registered in your name. To avoid such hassles, your best bet is to get a lawyer to conduct a background check on the property you plan to buy. Apart from handling the documentation , a lawyer would also conduct due diligence on the status of property, as well as advise you on the fee that you are mandatorily required to pay, besides the illegal fee that is being charged by a broker or buyer. An independent lawyer is likely to charge 20,000-25 ,000 for the entire service, while a law firm's charges could be much higher.Leasing propertyA broker is not the best person to prepare the lease contract because he is unlikely to be aware of legal terminology, which plays an important role in such agreements. For instance, there is a difference between 'renting' your property and 'leasing' it. Moreover, the lawyer's job would not end with preparing your agreement. Once you lease the property , the housing society may levy certain charges like non-occupancy or a higher maintenance charge. Your lawyer would advise you about the vailidity of such charges. He will charge you 10,000-20 ,000 to handle the lease transaction.Should you opt for a family lawyer?Typically, such a lawyer takes complete charge of a family's legal matters, from handling documents to advising on a variety of issues. \"Barring a few ultra high net worth families , not many people engage lawyers to handle legal matters of the family,\" says Karpe. The concept of a family lawyer is similar to that of a family doctor. Just as the latter would take care of minor health problems, but would recommend specialists in case of serious ailments, a family lawyer, too, would guide you on legal matters, but is not an expert in every aspect of the law. \"Family lawyers specialise in estate planning, divorce, and the like, though they can also advise on property matters. However, certain legal matters are best handled by a specialist lawyer, who can be recommended by your family lawyer,\" says Ramesh Vaidyanathan, partner, Advaya Legal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16817487", "title": "9-day gala at Dispur sarbajanin puja", "text": "GUWAHATI: The sarbajanin Durga Puja in Dispur is all set to begin their celebrations from Tuesday itself. Unlike most other city pujas, the committee here celebrates the festival for nine days.Organized by Dispur Janakalyan Sangha, the puja will begin immediately after Mahalaya. \"This is one of the few pujas where the goddess is worshipped for nine long days. For the first few days, the goddess will be worshipped along with her entourage and from Shashti, the goddess will be worshipped in the same way as in other pandals,\" said Ajay Deb, secretary of the sangha.The traditional animal sacrifice ritual was once very popular at the sarbajanin puja mandap. However, with time, the tradition has been replaced with a unique ritual - Puspo Boli. \"Till 1998, devotees used to sacrifice at least two buffalos, 40 goats and pigeons to the goddess, but the tradition was stopped. We have now started another ritual 'Puspo Boli' in its place, where no animas are sacrificed. Instead, flowers, fruits and vegetables like gourd, sugarcane and cucumber are offered to the goddess in a traditional way,\" Deb said.\"During the puja, we even offer prayers to the machetes that were used to sacrifice the animals and birds,\" he added. The Sangha is run by the families of the state secretariat's officials. They have been organizing this Durga Puja since 1974. More than 150 families of the secretariat officials participate in this puja.\"Our parents told us that this puja was celebrated in Shillong earlier. However, since the change of the capital from Shillong to Dispur, it has been celebrated here,\" said Bijoy Sonar, a retired official of the secretariat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16816146", "title": "College principal delivers suicide threat from dais", "text": "KANPUR: Taking cue from the October 10 self-immolation bid by a mother and her daughter over police inaction in a house-grabbing case, a degree college principal on Sunday issued a similar threat at a college function chaired by Union Coal Minister Shriprakash Jaiswal in Civil Lines area.Much awkwardness and disguised flutter ensued as Meeta Jamal, principal of Dayanand Girls Degree College, threatened to commit suicide if the district authorities did not act against a private hospital where her mother Vimlay Bajpayi, 78, died recently due to alleged negligence of the medical staff.Jamal was delivering the vote of thanks from the dais when she announced this threat.Jamal said her mother was suffering from a minor ailment when admitted at the private hospital and it was pure medical negligence which caused her death on September 28.She said she had apprised the district authorities about the incident, but no action had yet been taken in this regard.While Shriprakash Jaiswal refused to comment on the issue, sources said he tried to pacify the principal and was overheard saying that she should not have made such an irresponsible statement in view of her dignified post.Jaiswal is also said to have visited Tasneem Fatima and her teenage daughter Sahiba from Chamanganj both of whom tried to immolate themselves outside the office of the district magistrate on Wednesday morning.Both are undergoing treatment at LLR hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "phulberia (bankura)", "code": "16815213", "title": "1 km of slush between hospital, govt aid", "text": "PHULBERIA (BANKURA): Last year, a health department team on its way to Amader Haspatal stopped in its tracks as their cars got stuck in knee-deep slush. They took an alternative route but had to turn back with just 1km left.It could have cost the charity hospital a chance to secure government aid which is hard to come by. No health department team ever visited the hospital again despite the fact that NGO-run hospitals are entitled to government support.\"We had pinned hopes on the health department visit. It would have helped the government know what kind of work we do. We depend entirely on private donations, so any government help would have been helpful,\" said Pijush Sarkar, who founded Amader Haspatal that has brought hope to thousands in this impoverished region. \"There are several institutions like Amader Haspatal that are doing a good job and deserve aid,\" said Biswaranjan Satpathy, director of health services. \"The Ayushmati scheme, for instance, grants help for private clinics in mother and child care. But it has to have an indoor unit.\"Apart from improving road connectivity, the government could also help create a network of local doctors by identifying and training quacks, felt Sarkar.\"We will never have enough formally trained doctors in rural areas because they can't earn even a third of what they do in Kolkata. Quacks, on the other hand, have been serving patients for ages. They could be trained in modern, scientific methods and made to work under the supervision of government doctors. It will help to save lives,\" said Sarkar.Despite the health department apathy, Amader Haspatal has received aid from the government's Paschimanchal Unnayan Parshad for a training centre for quacks, para-medical personnel, nurses and medicine salespersons.Another two-storey building will house staff quarters. \"A small indoor unit has also been planned. This is the nucleus of our project. These trained health workers need to fan out into the villages and bring about a change,\" said Sarkar.How does Dr Sarkar give quality treatment at such affordable costs? \"Clinical investigations can be done for less than half the market price. And we get medicines from the Community Development Medicinal Unit, an NGO, which provides it cheap to hospitals like us,\" said Sarkar. Foundation for Health Action, the trust that runs the hospitals, also brings out two medical bulletins - Asukh-Bisukh in Bengali and Bodhi in English. They profess cheaper, scientific and practical methods of treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16817329", "title": "Tribal artists to display work in city from today", "text": "CHENNAI: As a boy when Narmada Prasad Tekam started drawing the images of animals and birds on the walls of his hut, little did he know that one day his works would be displayed at premier exhibition venues in the country. Like many tribal boys in the hamlet of Dindori district in Madhya Pradesh, Narmada's works could have gone unnoticed. But this boy belonging to the Gond tribe was lucky. Today, the gods, birds and animals that he drew are being displayed at various exhibitions as part of 'Aadi Chitra' , a series of tribal art exhibition across nine cities organised by the Tribal Cooperative Marketing Development Federation of India Ltd (TRIFED).Paintings of at least 40 artists belonging to various tribes such as Gond, Bhil (central India), Rathwa (Gujarat ), Saura (Orissa) and Warli (Maharashra-Gujarat ) will be exhibited in the city from Monday. Talking to TOI from Bhopal, Narmada said he was happy that his works are being exhibited and sold in the main cities. \"As children, we used to scribble something on the wall. I used to draw pictures of tigers and birds. In many cases, these are not seen by the outside world and disappear with the passage of time. Events like these give a big exposure to our tradition and culture,\" he said.The themes at the Chennai exhibition will range from religious to secular, from gods and goddesses to animals and birds, lifecycles from birth, death, marriage, farming, harvest, celebration, and the five basic elements of Mother Earth, said to regional manager of TRIFED V Ramanathan . \"The subjects are presented with immaculate precision. The purity and unadulterated love of tribals for nature evolves into a unique style that reflects their history and culture,\" he said.Nankushia Shyam and Japani (the wife and daughter of the legendary Gond painter Jangarh Singh Shyam), Paresh Rathwa (Pithora style), Rameshwar Munda (Saura) and Jivya Soma Mashe (Warli ) are some of the known tribal artistes whose works are included in the exhibition tour.The aim of the tour, which began in Bangalore in September and is now on in Ahmedabad , is not only to boost the earnings of tribal artistes , but also to keep alive their respective traditions, said Ramanathan. The Chennai edition of the exhibition will begin on Monday at the Lalit Kala Akademi on Greams Road and will conclude on October 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16815910", "title": "Seasonal scare: Bilateral pneumonia cases on rise", "text": "JAIPUR: The hospitals are witnessing an increasing number of patients who are being diagnosed with bilateral pneumonia, apart from malaria and scrub typhus. The doctors claimed that bilateral pneumonia that affects the respiratory tract has become common. Most of the patients being admitted to hospitals through medicine units' OPDs are suffering bilateral pneumonia.Beds in medicine wards in majority of the hospitals are completely occupied by patients as cases of scrub typhus, malaria, dengue, viral fever and bilateral pneumonia have been reported in large numbers. It has become a difficult task for the medical, health and family welfare department to prevent the spread of the diseases. The serious patients coming to private clinics are also being referred to bigger hospitals.P D Meena of SMS hospital said, \"Most of the patients admitted to the hospital are suffering from respiratory tract infection due to influenza virus. During the past few days the bilateral pneumonia cases have increased in number causing respiratory tract infection.\" The doctors said that a case of bilateral pneumonia could infect others by sneezing or coughing. A person with low immunity could easily be affected by it. The symptoms of the disease are fever, chest pain, coughing, sore throat, nausea, fatigue and vomiting.The SMS hospital claimed that the situation has improved slightly as the number of patients has decreased. \"The number of patients coming to the hospital has decreased but still a large number of patients with fever are being admitted to the hospital and also coming to the OPD,\" an official with SMS hospital said.People are advised to consult a doctor in cases of fever due to scrub typhus, bilateral pneumonia or dengue as they could be fatal if one does not get timely medical attention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16817516", "title": "Meghalaya govt frames water policy to combat shortage", "text": "SHILLONG: With phenomenal increase in the state's population over the years, the per capita usage of water in rain-fed Meghalaya has increased substantially even as reliable resources are getting depleted due to deforestation, prompting the government to frame a state water policy.\"In this regard, a discussion paper has been brought out to elicit further comments and a comprehensive water act is also in the process of formulation,\" chief minister Mukul Sangma had informed the assembly earlier this year.\"Therefore, there is an urgent need to tap new sources and protect existing sources of water supply,\" said a state government official, even as he pointed out that a plan outlay of Rs 260.5 crore has been proposed for the purpose during 2012-13. A scheme to be implemented by the forest department is expected to protect the catchment areas.In fact, Sangma had assured the assembly that the state government would step up its efforts towards its commitment to provide safe drinking water to all habitations of the state.\"The Jowai Water Supply Scheme under the Non Lapsable Central Pool of Resources (NLCPR) is making good progress and is likely to be completed soon,\" an official in the state public health engineering (PHE) department said.The official added that work for implementation of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Project Phase-III under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) sanctioned by the Centre is also progressing.\"Renovation work taken up for Tura Phase-I and II Water Supply Scheme with grants under the 13th Finance Commission will ameliorate the present drinking water crisis in Tura,\" the official said, adding \"other innovative steps\" would be undertaken to try out new technology for harvesting rainwater in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "jhansi", "code": "16816444", "title": "Jhansi woman succumbs to burn injuries", "text": "JHANSI: A middle-aged woman Gulab who was sleeping along with her two children in her house at village Baidora in Babina sustained burn injuries on Saturday.As per Harprasad (Gulab's brother-in-law), he saw Uttam (Gulab's husband) who lives near their house, running out from their place and Gulab engulfed in fire.After somehow putting off the fire, they rushed with the victim to Jhansi Medical College in a critical condition, where she succumbed to her injuries.As per Harprasad, Uttam burnt her after raping with the help of kerosene kept in their house, on which police has registered a case on Sunday today under sections 376 and 302 of the Indian Penal Code.According to SO Babina, Ramsahai, investigations are being made in the matter as some evidences have surfaced in this case and probe is going on.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16815610", "title": "Jundal\u2019s voice report expected today", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch has completed the probe against 26/11 Mumbai terror attack accused Zabiuddin Ansari alias Jundal and is awaiting his voice sample test reports from the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL), expected on Monday. Later this week, the crime branch will file a supplementary chargesheet against him, it is learnt.The chargesheet, which runs into over 3,000 pages, pinpoints Jundal as a key conspirator, who along with Pakistani handlers, hatched the criminal conspiracy to launch a war against India. Jundal, who did his first year Masters in Hindi language, is accused of training the 10 terrorists with arms and ammunition and teaching them Hindi. \"Jundal, who hails from Beed district, even taught them a bit of Marathi. Two of the terrorists spoke fluent Marathi when locals stopped them at Budhwar Park in Colaba,\"said an officer.Sources said that the chargesheet contained Jundal's confessional statement, starting from the time he joined the banned Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI). Jundal, who is also accused in the Aurangabad arms haul case, had given instructions to two terrorists holed up at Chabad House. On November 27, 2008, when security agencies stormed Nariman House, Jundal, who was in a makeshift control room in Karachi, was giving the terrorists moral support and guiding them how to fight the agenciesfearlessly. In the mayhem, 166 people were killed and over 300 injured. Jundal's voice samples was sent to forensic sciences laboratory to match with the voice intercepted by intelligence agencies during 26/11.Jundal fled to Pakistan in 2006 after the Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) started looking for him. He joined the Laskar-e-Taiba there and never turned until he was arrested in Saudi Arab and and deported to India on July 21 this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16815000", "title": "Cops arrest hardcore Naxal", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Gadchiroli police on Friday arrested a hardcore Naxal involved in multiple encounters and blasts in Kasansur jungle, under Etapalli division of Gadchiroli. The accused, identified as Karan alias Umesh Wadde (19), has been active in Naxal outfit since 2010.Police sources claimed that during search operation in jungles under Kasansur outpost, security forces rounded up a person moving suspiciously in the forest. During interrogation he revealed his identity as Umesh Wadde from village Jhuri.Wadde told cops that division committee member Joganna inducted him into Kasansur local operating squad (LOS) in 2010. He was then transferred to Platoon Dalam no. 3 where he worked two months. Later, he was transferred to Platoon Dalam no. 4 for active participation in sabotage operations in Gadchiroli district. His activeness in sabotage activities helped him get elevated to post of bodyguard of Company Dalam commander Badru, cops informed.Preliminary probe has revealed Wadde's participation in Yergad blast, Dubiguda encounter, Markegaon blast, murder of Pusu Hedo in Parvanguda, encounter with ITBT jawans, Khobramenda encounter and Chavella blast. Presently he has been charged for his involvement in Yerkad blast and booked under relevant section of law at Dhanora police station. Further investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16819000", "title": "Yash Chopra is in ICU, may shift soon", "text": "The filmmaker was admitted to hospital on Saturday after complaining of weaknessYash Chopra (80), who had announced his retirement from film direction only last month, was admitted to Lilavati Hospital on Saturday after he complained of weakness. Acall to the hospital authorities revealed the veteran filmmaker's family has requested that no information be divulged.However, the indications are he is suffering from dengue . In a statement, the Yash Raj Films spokesperson said: \"Yash Chopra was admitted to hospital on Saturday after being diagnosed with an attack of dengue. He has been kept under observation. He is feeling much better and should be home soon. Thank you all for your concern and best wishes.\"The filmmaker, who has been busy with his last directorial Jab Tak Hai Jaan that is slated for release on Nov 13, is currently lodged in the ICU on the sixth floor of the hospital, a source told us. He is expected to be shifted soon to the eleventh floor as he is responding well to the treatment.It is learnt Rani Mukerji cancelled all media events and visits to theatres to monitor the audience reaction to her latest film Aiyyaa so she could be by the filmmaker's side for most of Saturday and Sunday.Jab Tak Hai Jaan stars Shah Rukh Khan , Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma in lead roles.\u2014With inputs by Lata Mishra and Subhash K Jha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16815464", "title": "Crime branch nabs 2 suspected ISI agents", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two suspected ISI agents were arrested by the city police crime branch on Sunday. The duo \u2014 Sirajuddin Fakir and Mohammad Ayub Shaikh, residents of Jamalpur \u2014 were apprehended for passing crucial information on the Indian Army deployment in Gujarat to Pakistan's spy agency ISI.Crime branch officials claim to have recovered coded messages in Fakir's email account. They also found maps detailing Army deployment in various parts of Gujarat.Fakir, 22, said crime branch officials, used to supply eggs and chicken to Army cantonments in various parts of Gujarat. Shaikh, 23, is a student of journalism.Inspector of special operations group (SOG) S L Chaudhary got a tip-off about the two and their ISI links. Sub-inspector K G Chaudhary had then put the duo under surveillance three months back.\"They used to often visit various cyber cafes in Jamalpur, Bapunagar and Juhapura. Some of their mails were also intercepted by us,\" said crime branch officials. All the emails were being sent to an IP address in Karachi, Pakistan. We also intercepted some calls to Karachi. The investigators added: \"Fakir says he mostly interacted with his ISI contact Tahir and that he also passed on messages by saving mails in the draft folder of his email account.\"SOG officials were, however, faced with a hurdle because all the mails contained coded messages. \"This is why we called the two for questioning on the basis of suspicion. Both have confessed to their ISI links,\" said a crime branch official.Joint commissioner of police, crime branch, A K Sharma said: \"In 2007, Fakir had visited Pakistan to meet his aunt. He says some ISI officials had contacted him there. The ISI officials struck a deal with him. They promised to pay him good money in return of information about Army's movements in Gujarat. Since the last five years they had been regularly sending information through emails. Neither of the two has any criminal antecedents.\"After returning to Ahmedabad, Fakir roped in Shaikh. \"Fakir had dropped out of school after completing standard VII and was not well-versed in technical aspects and communication. To resolve this problem he contacted his neighbour, Shaikh, who is a graduate and was dreaming to pursue a career in journalism. Shaikh, in return for some money, used to help Fakir type out his emails containing coded information,\" said crime branch officials.DCP, crime branch, Himanshu Shukla said: \"Some maps of Ahmedabad and Bhuj cantonment areas and information about vehicle and officials' deployment was also there. We found some questionnaires sent to him by ISI officials and Fakir's replies in his email account. These evidences establish that Fakir had been passing on vital information about Army for long.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16814574", "title": "Can't check umpires in local matches: BCCI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seldom do umpires down the ranks come under scrutiny. And that's what the recent sting by a TV channel has done. And it's not just about corruption. It's also about quality of umpiring in the Indian context which explains why India are still searching for its next umpire in ICC's elite panel ever since Srinivas Venkataraghavan retired in 2004.While the Indian cricket board (BCCI) has put in work to put in a system to groom good umpires, the grassroots are deprived of expertise and technology. Besides, as TOI reported earlier this week, some local umpires also indulge in biased decision-making on the field.BCCI shrugs off the issue by saying that those who commit such offence don't belong in board's scheme of things. \"The board doesn't employ such umpires. It can't get into local matches. It is up to the state associations to put in the extra effort to cut down on manipulations on the field,\" BCCI's Chief Administrative Officer Ratnakar Shetty told TOI. The board, on its part, has taken some initiative to improve the standard of domestic umpiring.\"We have translated the law book into different regional languages like Marathi, Tamil and Hindi because language can be a barrier. Local umpires can have a clear idea about the laws and express themselves better,\" Shetty mentioned adding that the board's umpiring committee also holds classes on ethical practices and what makes a good umpire.\"Finding an umpire who can make it to ICC's elite list remains a big challenge,\" Shetty admitted. Well, that can somewhat put to rest apprehensions of a senior BCCI umpire who believes the background of an umpire must be checked before he gets big responsibilities.The BCCI records all the matches played under its ambit and sends them to a team which reviews them. \"Manipulation at junior level is not there. Cameras are installed in every official match from the under-16 level. The DVDs are regularly monitored. But it is impossible to do that in local matches since the technology is very expensive. We're not sure if the state associations can afford it with so many matches going on,\" a member of the BCCI's umpiring committee said.However, the Delhi and District Cricket Association, which has already played down the allegations of on-field corruption, has a plan to cut down on such possibilities. \"Since we can't afford to install cameras, we are mulling to have a team of five people who would attend as many local matches as possible and keep an eye. They might act as match referee,\" DDCA general secretary Sneh Bansal said.This could just be the cue for the other states too. \"If the DDCA has thought like that, then it's a good example. This can be even taken up in the next BCCI meeting,\" said the member of the umpiring committee. The umpiring academy extends facilities to selected umpires, even bringing in expertise from Cricket Australia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16816584", "title": "Clean sweep by Services runners", "text": "MUMBAI: While a new, tough route, made tougher by the unrelenting weather conditions, converted the second Vasai-Virar Marathon into a case of Sunday strife for most runners, it was nothing for the seasoned trio of Elam Singh, Lyngkhoi Binning and Girish Chandra Tiwari.Singh - who suffered heartbreak at this year's Mumbai Marathon by missing the Olympic cut by 27 seconds - clocked 2:21:58 to set a new course record, pushing his fancied Army Sports Institute teammate Lyngkhoi Bining into second place. Singh became richer by Rs 2 lakh, in the process breaking Deepchand's last year's record of 2:28:03. It was a clean sweep by Services runners as Indian Air Force's Girish Chandra Tiwari clinched third place with a time of 2:28:36.\"The route was one of the tougher ones and the humidity today slowed most of us down,\" said the 31-year-old Elam. \"For the first 10-12 kms it was comfortable, but after that it got a lot tougher.\" Talking about crowd support, he said: \"It was a brilliant ambience with so much support, such encouragement.\"Even the inaugural men's half-marathon was an ASI-dominated affair, as Ashish Singh Chauhan battle d with his ASImate Arjun Pradhan to emerge winner with a time of 1:07:28.Nashik athletes Kavita Raut and Monika Athare battled it out for top honours in women's half-marathon, as an experienced Raut beat Athare at the tape in a photo finish after both clocked identical times of 1 hour, 22 minutes and 3 seconds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-15"}
