{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14788764", "title": "ME, MPharma merit lists to be out on July 17", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The merit list for admissions to Master of Engineering and M Pharm will be declared on July 17. The entrance exams for these courses had been held last week. The examination was carried out using Optical Mark Readers (OMR). The results of a large number of applicants and those who are to clear their backlog are still awaited. This has led to a delay in the admissions this year. Counseling for 4,600 M Pharm seats will be held on July 19 and 20. For 3,800 ME seats, the procedure would be carried out from July 23 to 28. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14787706", "title": "Sagar, Anuradha start favourites in Maharashtra state badminton", "text": "AURANGABAD: Owing to forthcoming Olympics, there is a break in the international badminton tournaments as all the top players are busy preparing for the London Games but as far as state and national level players are concerned, their season is about to start.Barring a handful of players, who are going to London, rest of the domestic shuttlers are targeting Srinagar Senior Nationals and for all of them doing well in their respective state tournaments is paramount to get a chance to compete in the September tourney.The first Maharashtra Senior State Selection Badminton tournament will get underway at the Divisional Sports Complex on Tuesday, marking the beginning of a busy schedule for the players in the region.Majority of the participants have already arrived here and most of them had a decent practice session on the newly-laid four hova courts on Monday.Top seed in the men's singles, Sagar Chopda, was sent a couple of days early here by the Maharashtra Badminton Association (MBA) to check out the facilities and court condition.The MBA's move to send players' representative at the venue was done specifically after some players complained about the poor quality of courts at the Solapur state tournament last year.It turned out to be a blessing in disguise for Chopda as he got a chance to acclimatize to the conditions early and had a good practice at the venue.Looking at the big draw, Mumbai Suburban's Chopda sounded confident of reaching the final where he is expected to meet second seed Subhankar Dey. The young Thane lad did well in the recently held Maharashtra Badminton League at Pune where he led his franchise Daring Doves to triumph.The absence of reigning state champion Eshan Naqvi, who did not take part because of back injury, may prove beneficial to both Chopda and Dey.Third seed Mayank Gole and fourth seed Harshad Bhagwat, both of Pune, will have to cause major upsets if they hope to overcome the stiff challenge of Chopda and Dey.In the depleted women's section, current state champion Anuradha Shrikhade of Pune and Thane's Jui Agaskar have been named first and second seeds, respectively but Sanyogita Ghorpade may turn out to be the dark horse in the tournament.Pune's Ghorpade has been in good nick of late and played a vital role in guiding her team to title in the MBL last month.There is a fierce competition in the men's doubles category with several good combinations in the fray. It will be tough for top seed and Sameer Bhagwat and Varun Khanwalkar to retain their title this time around.The new pairing of Nishad Dravid and Shlok Ramchandran, who combined well for Graceful Gulls in the MBL, have decided to continue their alliance in the state tournament too. The tall duo is serious contender for the title.Apart from Nishad-Shlok, Chopda and Abhidnya Sawant and Dey and Bisal Das pairs can also trouble the defending champions.SEEDINGS:Men's singles: 1. Sagar Chopda, 2. Subhankar Dey, 3. Mayank Gole, 4. Harshad Bhagwat.Men's doubles: 1. Sameer Bhagwat-Varun Khanwalkar, 2. Mayur Tawde-Nikhil Kolhatkar.Women's singles: 1. Anuradha Shrikhande, 2. Jui Agaskar.Women's doubles: 1. Manjusha Sahasrabudhe-Noopur Sahasrabudhe, 2. Sanyogita Ghorpade-Shruti Mundada.Mixed doubles: 1. Sameer Bhagwat-Noopur Sahasrabudhe, 2. Nishad Dravid-Manasi Gadgil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14797518", "title": "Now a film on Sarabjit Singh", "text": "Sarabjit Singh  will now have a movie made on his life by director Nagendra Singh.The shooting for the film will take place in the border areas of Ferozpur, Amritsar and Chandigarh. \"The movie will talk about his sister Dalbir Kaur, who has not left any stone unturned to secure his release,\" said a source. The story will start from his youth and will finally shift its focus to his family. The movie is titled \" Sarabjit \u2014 A Mistaken Identity\" and is being produced by Surendra Rehal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14790402", "title": "HC warns claimants to Pandya riches", "text": "CHENNAI: In a new twist to the case relating to the 'hidden wealth' of Pandya kings, the Madras high court on Monday made it clear that it would initiate penal action against persons staking bogus claims.A division bench of Justices P Jyothimani and M Duraiswamy said police and court were keeping a watch on the activities of claimants and warned that it would recommend cancellation of enrolment of an advocate handling the case.The bench made the caustic observations after one of the claimants, N Jagannathan, furnished a list of 104 properties claiming they belonged to Sivagiri zamin, the remnant of the Pandya empire. If his version were to be believed, then most of Chennai's landmarks on important locations such as Anna Salai, Nungambakkam High Road, ECR, Saligramam and Adyar belong to the zamin.Star hotels, malls, media premises, apartments, colleges and commercial establishments, worth several thousands of crores, are standing on the zamin property in the city, Jagannathan claimed.The court then directed the commissioner of land survey and Chennai district collector to be present in court on Tuesday and explain whether any property belonging to the Sivagiri estate is under government control at present in the city.Special government pleader Inbathurai informed the judges that the CB-CID had constituted a special team and it has commenced its probe. Last week, the court had directed the government to find out if any deposits or funds belonging to the Pandya kings are lying in any Swiss bank.Earlier, the bench, clearly not impressed with the fact that Jagannathan and his counsel have been issuing notices to realtors and business people in the city staking claim over their lands and directing them to stop development, asked him as to on what basis he was claiming ownership over the properties. Counsel for a leading construction firm said they had to halt work on a Rs 100-crore project after getting such a legal notice.Warning Jagannathan and his counsel Chockalingam of consequences if their claims were found to be bogus , Justice Jyothimani said they should be aware that their activities were being watched by police and court. Pointing out that the letter of administration, given by the court in favour of Jagannathan in 2004, was cancelled in 2006, the judge sought to know why did Jagannathan not surrender the copies of the letter, a will apparently executed in his favour and other documents in court immediately.Suspecting collusion among Jagannathan, his counsel and one Vidhya Patwarthan, who too has been claiming right to the property, the judge said bogus claimants would face penal action and enrolment of their advocate would be cancelled if they attempted to play fraud on the court.When the bench sought evidence for Jagannathan's claim , his counsel said all details were with the revenue department. Government pleader Inbadurai said the government and revenue department had nothing on record to prove the claim.During and immediately after the hearing of the case, several legal heirs and members of Sivagiri zamin were seen engrossed in conversation with their advocates and mediapersons. \"Our family has nothing to do with the ancient Pandya dynasty, though we too have Pandian as surname. We have inherited nothing but a family name,\" said a legal heir who intends to join the case. \"A senior member of the zamin does not have enough money to pay his daughter's college fee. This is our condition, and we don't know when this issue will come to an end,\" said another legal heir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14790488", "title": "State flying school to reopen", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan state flying school that astounded nation with glaring discrepancies and irregularities in issuing commercial pilot licenses through fraudulent means is all set to be revived. Taking lessons from the earlier debacles, the government of Rajasthan is in no hurry to restart it. And this time the officials of directorate general of civil aviation (DGCA) would be part of the recruitment and interview process.After a gap of four years, the civil aviation department will start the process of recruitment for various posts from July 13 onwards.\"We have asked the DGCA officials to be part of the recruitment process to make it more transparent. The recruitments for the post of chief flying instructor and other technical posts would be done,\" deputy secretary, civil aviation, Gautam Mukherjee told TOI on Monday.When asked about the opening of the flying school, Mukherjee, said, \"All I can say is that we are starting the recruitment. As far as commencing the regular operations of the flying school is concerned, it is a very complex issue.\"Sources added that government of Rajasthan will have to go for various licenses before giving a nod to start the flying school.Officials added that all the dubious activities have been done away with and almost every officer involved in malpractices was either suspended or terminated. \"We are now aiming at bringing in the best of commercial pilots,\" an officer said.It may be recalled that the Rajasthan flying school hit headlines in 2008 when the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) exposed a scam when one of the trainees of the school Nidhi Vashishtha approached the bureau claiming that she was trained only for 22 hours but the chief flying officer Mahendra Chaudhary mentioned 169 hours of flying in the school record and sent it to the DGCA. During the investigation, names of 14 pilots had come up who were issued flying certificates through dubious means by chief flying inspector of the Rajasthan state flying school at the Sanganer Airport. These certificates were used by the pilots to get the commercial pilot licenses (CPL) from the DGCA. Similar arrests were made in Delhi and Haryana.How state ACB played the whistleblowerThe state's ACB played the role of a whistleblower in the case of pilots fraudulently getting commercial pilot licenses from the DGCA. While the Delhi Police had only stumbled upon the malpractice, arresting some pilots, ACB, Rajasthan, brought the whole scam out into the open.ACB had also written to the CBI director and requested them for a nationwide probe into the Rajasthan ACB findings.In response to the letter an SP rank officer of CBI from New Delhi had visited the agency's headquarters recently and sought details of the 14 FIRs lodged against pilots who fraudulently got CPLs from the DGCA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14790688", "title": "Power shutdown on Wednesday", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Wednesday from 9am to 5.30pm for maintenance work.Shanti Colony area: Anna nagar West &amp; East - AA to AM blocks, 3rd to 15th Main Road, 7th Main Road, TNHB quarters, Old Y block, parts of A block, Shenoy Nagar West - I, II, III Main Road, 3rd to 8th Cross Street, Ganthi Street, Beri Beri Road, Kamarajar Street, Periya Koodal, Bharathi Puram, West Club Road, West Park Road, Kathiravan Colony, Gajalakshmi Colony, Amjikarai, Thiruveethi Amman Koil Street, Manjakollai Street, P P Garden, M M Colony, Periyar Colony, Pullah Avenue, N S K Nagar - P H Road, 11th to 23rd streets of N S K Nagar, Kannappan Street, parts of N M Road.Alwarpet area: Andiammal Thottam, V K Iyer Street, Srinivasan Road, Warren Road, St. Mary's Road, First Main Road, R A Puram, C P Ramasamy Road (Abiramapuram 1st to 4th streets, Vishalakshi Thottam, C V Raman Road, Beemanna Mudali 1st and 2nd streets and Dr Ranga Road.Gummidipondi area: Parts of Gummidipoondi Sipcot, Gummidipoondi, Elavaoor, Rettambedu, Pethikuppam.Madambakkam area: Sembakkam, Rajakilpakkam, Madambakkam, parts of Selaiyur/Camp Road, Thiruvencheri, Madurapakkam, Agaramthen, Kovilanchery, Velachery Main Road, Kamarajapuram, parts of Vengaivasal, Mappedu, Puthur.Perungalathur area: New and Old Perungalathur, Peerkankaranai, Mudhichur, parts of West Tambaram, Irumbuliyur, Kolapakkam, Vandalur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14790814", "title": "CPM state chief takes on Karunanidhi over comments", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after DMK chief M Karunanidhi accused CPM of being partial, state unit chief G Ramakrishan on Monday refuted the charges and said his party made constructive criticisms and did not side any party.Ramakrishnan said, \"The party has been fighting for the rights of many landless people. It was only in this context an article was published in the party's mouthpiece 'Theekkathir' on Saturday. Though the DMK chief was trying to divert the issue, the party cadres and the public are aware of our stand.\"Ramakrishnan said that the article also mentioned about mining of sand by members of the present and previous government but Karunanidhi choose to remain quite on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14787910", "title": "Kin want probe into police-builder nexus in externee's death", "text": "NAGPUR: The suicide by history-sheeter Shaikh Jalil took an intriguing turn on Monday when family members demanded an investigation into the role of a local builder and some Gittikhadan cops in the death. The kin had brought his body to the police station, demanding action against police personnel and a fair investigation.Jalil had 11 offences against him revolving around housebreaking and robbery cases. Externed from the city for a year in 2011, Jalil had violated the orders by coming to the city. He had been booked for staying in the locality in violation of the externment order around a month ago too. His presence in the locality on Sunday was once again brought to the notice of the police, who had come to take him into custody.Jalil's wife Nusrat Nasreen claimed that her husband was pushed from the terrace of an under-construction building at Deepak Nagar on Sunday evening. She blamed builder and political activist Satya Prakash Gupta for her husband's death. Following the allegation, Gupta too has been arrested.\"I was cooking when our son informed me that the police had come to arrest Jalil at the behest of Gupta. The police had chased him to the terrace,\" said Nustrat. \"I rushed to the terrace too and saw my husband, two police personnel and Gupta present there. Then I saw Gupta pushing my husband down,\" she said. Nusrat claimed she has given this statement numerous times to Gittikhadan police.Zonal deputy commissioner of police Mangalsingh Sriram said Gupta was arrested to verify the details. \"Senior officers will record statements of the concerned people and those present at the spot when the incident took place,\" said Sriram.He also defended the action of the police personnel. \"The constables were merely doing their jobs, which at that point of time was to nab Jalil. First, Jalil had violated the externment order and then he was creating a ruckus by pelting stones and threatening people under the influence of alcohol,\" said the DCP. He also said that police are also confirming from the doctors about the level of alcohol in Jalil's body.Sriram also said that the police personnel had contacted senior police inspector CM Bahadure and told him that Jalil was threatening to take the plunge from the top of the building to avoid arrest. \"The senior PI had also sent additional staff in a van. We feel that Jalil spotted the van and jumped since he felt it would help avoid police custody. However, he misjudged the height, and it led to his death,\" said Sriram.The DCP also dissuaded Jalil's kin from creating a ruckus with the body or else face action. \"We assured Jalil's kin there will be a fair probe,\" he said.Shaikh Abdul, a relative of Jalil, said the deceased used to fight for the poor. \"Gupta was unhappy with Jalil since he thwarted the builder's attempts to get rid of the slums,\" he said. \"Police personnel had threatened Jalil with their service revolver too,\" he said. \"Jalil had gone to the terrace to meet labourers who were engaged in construction work,\" said Abdul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14796076", "title": "Kareena-Bhansali row: A married heroine can\u2019t be SLB\u2019s Juliet", "text": "While Kareena says she played runaway bride from Ram Leela, the director maintains he called off the deal with her because the Juliet of his film can't be a married heroineAishwarya Rai couldn't be Heroine because she was pregnant. And Kareena, who is Heroine, can't be Leela in Bhansali's Ram Leela because she's getting married. While the actress said she had walked out from the Gujarati adaptation of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet, the filmmaker says he was the one to take the call not to work with her for this project.\"A Juliet no matter how far removed from Shakespeare's original vision of her cannot be a married woman. With images of her wedding festivities flashing all over, it would have been impossible for Kareena to pass herself as a Gujju Juliet despite her great talent,\" a source close to Bhansali said.Initial mutual excitement over finally working together dissolved into doubts and misgivings because, the source added, Kareena was not being clear about her wedding dates. \"Sanjay holds no grudge against the actress although she was less than honest with him about her wedding plans,\" the source said.To start with, the announcement of her wedding came as a bolt from the blue to the director. \"It threw up a series of frightening scenarios. Kareena would, understandably, get busy with pre-wedding and post-wedding events. In the midst of her wedding in October, Kareena also needed at least a month to promote Madhur Bhandarkar's Heroine which releases a month ahead of her wedding date.\"\"The parting was anything but acrimonious. Sanjay was surprised to read on Monday morning that Kareena had 'walked out' of Ram Leela. The truth is, this was building up for a long time. And money was the least of the problems. Sanjay was extremely keen to work with Kareena. He thinks she is an exceptional actress.\"According to this source, it was too early to decide who would step into Kareena Kapoor's sharp stilettos. A friend of Sanjay's, requesting anonymity, said, \"It isn't easy to find a replacement for Kareena. Sanjay isn't even trying. He is now looking for a completely new Leela .\"This is the third time Bhansali and Kareena have come 'this' close to working with each other. She was earlier offered Bhansali's Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam and Devdas - both of which eventually starred Aishwarya.Filmmakers react to Bebo's claim of leaving 'Ram Leela' due to monetary issuesMukesh Bhatt: While I understand a director should be clear about the number of days he needs to shoot a particular film, no actor should ask for extra money in case the schedule gets extended. Actors are on contract basis, they aren't paid per day. In fact, every actor should follow the director's vision. Warna picture achchi kaise banegi? These are some ethics people should follow.Ramesh Taurani: No actor has demanded extra money from me so far. We are very clear with our schedules. However, a spill over of five to seven days is normal. And then if an actor demands for extra money, it is not fair. However, fifty extra days is really high. So, in this case, an actor is certainly justified.Pahlaj Nihalani: An actor is paid an acting fee for the entire project. They don't earn daily wages. If the number of working days increase, the acting fee will also raise accordingly. However, I haven't come across such a situation in my career.Subhash Ghai: Business model has changed. Work ethics have changed. Gone are the old traditions. So today, you have to accept such things whether you like it or not. But on the other hand, we have artistes who run away from the middle of the shoot or report late and are found shooting for commercials. I think we need to have everything in black and white.- Vickey Lalwani", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "sbs nagar", "code": "14791392", "title": "Puri to bring out 3 books on Ghadar Movement", "text": "SBS NAGAR: Seventy-year-old Harish Kumar Puri, a retired professor, is a busy man these days. He has been tirelessly working on three books related to the Ghadar Movement, which would celebrate its 100th anniversary next year. Having seen the bloodshed and devastation of Partition, Puri says he was always interested in researching and writing books on revolutions related with the Indian Independence struggle.Puri, who retired as professor from Guru Nanak Dev University in Amritsar, has been a recipient of the Fullbright-Hays Senior Fellowship at University of California Berkeley and the Shastri Indo-Canadian Senior Fellowship at University of British Columbia, Canada. He has also served as the senate member of various universities and presented papers in international seminars and conferences.\"All the great revolutions for Independence had a huge impact on my mind. I was only eight when India got freedom. Where most of the people were celebrating freedom, the Partition had left ugly scars,\" said Puri. With a desire to research on these movements, he chose Ghadar Movement as the subject for his books. Puri also visited US five times because it was there that Ghadar Movement started. \"The movement will turn 100 next May and my first book of the series, 'Ghadar to Bhagat Singh', would be out in a couple of months. The remaining two books will be published next year,\" he shared.Apart from being an author, Puri has been a counselling member of 'Crime Against Women and Children' since 2006. \"I have observed over the years that most family disputes can be solved with a few sessions of counselling. The organization presents a forum where families can solve their difference without the harassment of the legal system,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14788283", "title": "50-year-old injured in gas cylinder blast", "text": "THANE: A 50-year-old woman was injured in an LPG cylinder blast in her Mumbra house, which was partially damaged in the explosion.A new re-filled LPG cylinder had been installed at the residence of the victim, Nafisa Salim Vasawala, a resident of Anees Apartment in Bombay Colony, said fire brigade officials. Soon after, Vasawala, who stays alone in the first floor apartment, ignited the gas stove to cook food. However, the gas started leaking and the kitchen was filled with LPG odour. Vasawala ignored the smell and continued with her chores.As she stepped outside the flat, a huge blast took place in the kitchen, destroying refrigerator and other items. The electric wiring caught fire, which partially damaged the other room as well. Neighbours rushed with water and the fire was brought under control after some time. Fire brigade officials reached the spot and doused the flames.Vasawala's first floor residence at Anees Apartments here about five mintues back As Vasawala lighted the gas stove to cook food, the kitchen was filled with the odour of LPG gas. Vasawala choose to ignore this and continued with her kitchen chores.A leaking LPG cylinder triggered a huge blast inside a flat at Mumbra injuring the lone occupant, a 50-year-old Nafisa Salim Vasawala, and partially destroying her home at Bombay Colony on Monday.Fire brigade officials said a new re-filled LPG cylinder was installed at Vasawala's first floor residence at Anees Apartments here about five mintues back As Vasawala lighted the gas stove to cook food, the kitchen was filled with the odour of LPG gas. Vasawala choose to ignore this and continued with her kitchen chores.No sooner she stepped outside the flat, a huge blast occurred inside the kitchen completely destroying the fridge and other things there. The electric wiring caught fire and partially damaged the other room. The fire was brought under control after some time by neighbours who rushed with water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14790440", "title": "Another judge to hear petitions against Rajendra Rathore", "text": "JAIPUR: The two criminal revision petitions filed against the discharge of BJP legislator Rajendra Rathore, who was accused in the Dara Singh fake encounter case, will be heard by Justice Ajay Rastogi on Tuesday.The petitions were earlier being heard by Justice Mahesh Chand Sharma who issued notices to the legislator last week.The bench shuffling has taken place since Rathore engaged advocate Mahendra Gaur as his counsel whose cases were not being heard by Justice Sharma for quite some time now.Some senior advocates made a complaint to Justice Sharma on Monday that the 'exception' made by him about advocate Gaur was allegedly being misused by some litigants for \"escaping out\" of the judge's hearing roaster. Justice Sharma, however, said that if a petition were filed in this regard in a proper manner, an appropriate order would be passed.It was argued by advocate Suresh Sahani that he has already moved a petition for recalling Justice Sharma's order through which cases wherein advocate Gaur puts in an appearance for any of the litigants were not being listed before his bench. But Justice Sharma asked advocate Sahani to first get this petition listed before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14791736", "title": "City's oldest biz centre being crippled from all directions", "text": "BHOPAL: City's oldest market place is gasping for space. New Market, developed in the early sixties, is crammed and clogged with thousands of vehicles coming from all the four directions of the city and passing through this area. The area has been witnessing the messy traffic situation for years together without any let up. Absence of foot paths for pedestrians and large number of vehicles parked all along the market areas and the roads complicated the traffic chaos here.Also, the stretch coming under the BRTS is under construction for many months now started spilling more problems on the roads. Experts suggest many ways and means to de-congest this business centre. This include the construction of footpaths, removal of the Roshanpura crossing (which will be done soon), construction of multi-level parking facility on priority basis and a sustained anti-encroachment drive to keep the streets around the market free from encroachments.\"Besides busy traffic, a large number of people also throng the market everyday. But compared with the traffic and pedestrians, the facilities are grossly inadequate,\" said Sidharth Rokade, assistant professor at civil engineering department of MANIT.Unlike other important road junctions of Bhopal, this is a place, where a large number of traffic police is present. Still there is no let up in the chaos.\"The vehicles of the VIPs including the bureaucrats, vehicles with orange and red beacons atop and people coming in high-end cars create problems,\" said a traffic cop on condition of anonymity.They violate rules and would park their cars on the road creating traffic snarls, he alleged.Traffic expert Prafulla Joshi said that because of lack of facilities, five persons were killed this year. \"Two women were hit by a speeding vehicle while trying to cross the road. It highlights how dismal the pedestrians' facilities are in the market area,\" Joshi said.\"The rotary at the Roshanpura square, one of the busiest intersections, has to be crossed with great caution just to get to the other side of the road because of lack of pedestrian facilities. It is a very dangerous place, a disaster in the offing,\" said Rokade, who is also a traffic and transport engineering expert.This square is choked with vehicles coming from all four directions. It has to be redesigned as soon as possible, he adds.Parking, any person going to New Market would agree, is one of perennial problems because the parking facilities have become inadequate.\"The parking lot created opposite the CTO building becomes incapacitated on evenings and weekends. The only solution to this problem is multi-level parking facility as the land is expensive here. Hence, optimum land use has to be ensured,\" added Rokade.At the same he also cautioned that too much parking distance would compel people to break rules and they would resort to parking nearer to the shops or the places they visit in the area.\"Parking distance should not exceed more than half a km otherwise it would become difficult during rainy and summer seasons,\" he added.Also encroachments in the form of thelas and vegetable sellers also need to be removed for ending the traffic chaos there, opined the experts.The on-going construction of BRTS corridor worsened the problems. \"Big pits have been lying open for many months now. It is really worrisome as with the onset of monsoon, the pits would be filled with water and these become traps for the passersby,\" said Rokade.BottlenecksOutdated roads and junction designsNo central islands or mediansNo pedestrian wayEncroachments eat away roadsParking lot incapacitatedBig pits dug for BRTS lying openSubway not operationalWay to end logjamGeometrical improvementsPedestrian and road surveysRemoving encroachmentsMulti-level parking before Kwality restaurant or backsideSpeedy completion of BRTS worksVolunteers for traffic managementIdentify alternative routes to lessen congestionTime bound one way traffic system can be implementedSkywalk for pedestriansZonal Action PlanAfter 1956, when Bhopal became the capital of Madhya Pradesh , steps are being initiated to redesign the busiest part of the state capital: the New Market and its adjoining areas in 2-3 km radius of this busiest business centre. A huge exercise is being carried out to design and execute the first ever Zonal Action Plan (ZAP) in this part of the city. These areas include New Market, Malviya Nagar, Jawahar Chowk, South TT Nagar, North TT Nagar and Shastri Nagar. These six localities are spread in 306.35 hectare of land. The idea is to reduce traffic congestion from the New Market and its neighbouring areas. This market, developed in early sixties, and Malviya Nagar remain the most congested places in the state capital.\"There is a meeting with the BMC commissioner in the next couple of days. We are working on the proposal now. Also two-three alternatives are being worked upon,\" said Avnish Saxena, associate of ARCONS, Bhopal-based consultants for the ZAP.Why ZAPToo many traffic junctionsNarrow roadsAge old construction bylawsVehicles to north-western and north-eastern parts of the city is passing through this areaNon-regularised marketsLocal vendors, kiosks, hand carts, footpath, shopping, Sunday haatTraffic congestions due to mela ground and processions in the areaInsufficient green spaceHow it will be doneOptimum use of existing infrastructureEfforts to create new infrastructureUse of government land as resourcesRedevelopment of the area, needs to be redefined because it was developed in the 1960sTo create traffic system and parking provisionsDetailed rules and regulations for integrated controlled development", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14791391", "title": "Indonesia\u2019s smoking orangutan to kick the butt", "text": "LONDON: Tori, a 15-year-old orangutan who has a penchant for puffing on cigarettes at an Indonesian zoo will be forced to quit her habit, zookeepers have said.The star attraction of the Taru Jurug Zoo will be moved away from visitors who regularly throw lit cigarettes into her cage so they can watch and photograph her puffing away and flicking ashes on the ground, the officials said.With the help of conservationists officials at the zoo are planning to move her to a small island in the middle of the Central Java zoo's lake where she can kick the habit and be kept away from visitors. Zoo director Lili Krisdianto said the move was aimed to protect four endangered orangutans at the zoo, the Daily Telegraph reported.The primate mimics human behaviour, holding cigarettes casually between her fingers while taking long drags and blowing bursts of smoke out her nostrils to the delight of visitors.Medical tests are being conducted on Tori to determine how much of her smoking has affected her health, said Hardi Baktiantoro of the Center for Orangutan Protection , which is helping to coordinate the intervention.A mesh cover will initially be placed over Tori's cage, and later she will be moved to a small island away from the public, he said.Several Indonesian zoos have come under scrutiny following animal deaths, including a giraffe that died in the long-troubled Surabaya Zoo in March with an 18-kg ball of plastic in its stomach after years of ingesting trash thrown into its enclosure by visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14785598", "title": "City's human capital needs proper training", "text": "NAGPUR: While lack of big industrial houses is said to be the reason behind the city's perennial wait for metro city status, many also ask whether the city can provide the required skilled manpower to fuel such growth. While Nagpur undoubtedly has the potential for turning into an educational hub, the ground reality is quite different.According to education experts, there is a huge disparity between local students and those of other metro cities. \"The basic difference is that our curriculum does not stress on soft skills and personality development of students. In campus placements at city colleges, students present excellent theoretical inputs but lack miserably in communication skills,\" said Deepak Kulkarni, head of the department of textile technology at Government Polytechnic College.He blames the curriculum designed at the university for this problem. \"Students here too possess the know-how in every field but they are not directly exposed to practical experience and hands-on training. So, even if Mihan or other such biggies set up shop in the city, they will need technical as well as practical skills on the basis of national merit, and our students might lag behind,\" he added.Endorsing his views, senior lecturer and soft-skills trainer Prantik Banerjee said that city students are academically efficient but not so sound in soft skills. \"When top companies come for placements, they look for leadership skills, ability to express well, performance in teamwork and knack of gelling well with their counterparts. Though city students have high percentile, they surely do not know how to be persuasive,\" he explained.Director of Tirpude College's MBA wing Lalit Khullar was of the view that no one can be singled out. \"The development of personality and command on language lies in the hands of parents and teachers during the early years of a child. Also, instead of shuffling students from schools to tuitions, some relief should be given to them to develop a hobby or unleash their creativity,\" he said.President of Vidarbha Economic Development Council Devendra Parekh said that in metros, academies and industries have tied up to provide facilities like summer internships and other training programmes to students. \"Mere classroom and bookish knowledge will not help students excel. They should be brought out of their shells to face real and challenging experiences,\" he said.Kulkarni believes that it is possible to overcome this by putting in place some measures. \"First - the curriculum of every course should be revised at least once in five years to keep pace with latest developments. Also, faculty exchanges should take place between academies and industries where industrial experts can guide students and teachers about the latest things in the field,\" he suggested.Banerjee said, \"Having proficiency in English is a must now. But our texts rely only on grammar and structure formation. All undergraduate courses should include interactive practicals to develop interpersonal skills. Science students should also be given project presentations and while evaluation, specific percentage should be kept aside for communication skills, so that students take it seriously.\"Students too are not satisfied with the present system of education. Engineering student Deepali Brahamankar said, \"We do not get the opportunity to step out of classrooms and take a sneak peek into the industrial world. There have been some forums and interactive classes assigned in the syllabus, but teachers use them to complete the portion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14790441", "title": "Raj police's website emerges as model for a national system", "text": "JAIPUR: Some features of the newly introduced web interface of Rajasthan police will be replicated in the Crime and Criminal Tracking Network &amp; System (CCTNS) being developed by the Union ministry of home affairs for sharing information on crime and criminals among nearly 16,000 police stations in the country.Director general of National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB), Shafi Alam, who arrived in Jaipur on Monday, was all praise for the web interface of the state police. He said he was quite impressed with the functionality of the project in Rajasthan. The State Crime Records Bureau (SCRB) had given a presentation of the police website to the NCRB chief. Alam said that the way information regarding criminals and crimes are being shared across the police stations for the past few months is commendable.\"I have closely studied the system and several features are quite great. I think they should be shared with all the states through CCTNS. The work on CCTNS is going on war-footing,\" said Alam.SCRB SP Sharad Kaviraj, who supervised the state police's web project since its inception, told TOI that the uniqueness of the software is the way it connects every police station and makes it easy for them to share information on people who have warrants pending against them.\"Every police station can update information regarding wanted criminals. Over 32,000 warrants have been sent since February with the help of this system,\" said Kaviraj. Even common people can also see this information on criminals and inform police.He said that each police station in-charge has the log-in panel in the website and has to update from time to time what efforts were made to catch a particular criminal who has a warrant pending against him.\"If a police team has gone to his house, the SHO will have to write this on the website which will be made available online for all police stations to see. If the residence of the criminal has changed, policemen from across the state will know about it and won't keep sending police teams to same address which will save time and resources,\" said the officer. Any update on the website regarding warrants will be notified to the concerned SHO through SMS. The SMS will be auto generated.He added that police stations of Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat have also been connected with the system which means even police stations of these two states also get updated information about criminals wanted there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14791349", "title": "Aggarwals return with rich memories", "text": "LUDHIANA: Who doesn't love summer vacation? For Aggarwals, holidays spell a time to escape the ordinary activities and slip into fun. This year, the family decided to visit Dubai, a city full of surprise which has something for everybody - from traditional double-decker tours to beach fun, city parks and theme parks to zoos. Residents of Kitchlu Nagar, Anoop Aggarwal and wife Mamta Aggarwal, along with their daughter Isha saw all this and more at the memorable family vacation, this year.A Mathematics teacher in KVM School, Mamta said, \"I along with my husband and younger daughter, Isha, went for a month-long holiday to Dubai. My elder daughter Shiksha, who is pursuing masters in fashion technology from Gurgaon, couldn't come along as she is busy with studies.\"She added, \"Dubai offers an amazing range of things to do for families. In addition to the fabulous beaches, one can experience everything from rugged mountains to awe-inspiring sand dunes, lush green parks to traditional villages; ancient wind towers to ultra-modern shopping malls. The highlight of our trip was a glimpse of the world's tallest building Burj Khalifa, Jumeirah Beach, Al Arab (seven star hotel) and Atlantis Hotel (on sea). We also went to Ferari World in Abu Dhabi and Sharjah for shopping, and tasted a wide range of vegetarian cuisine including Chinese, Italian, Indian and English.\"Isha said, \"It was a wonderful trip. Though, we missed my elder sister, but we enjoyed loads. I liked Jumeira Beach, Dubai Mall and Atlantis Hotel. These places had amazing world-class facilities.\"Anoop, an educationist, said, \"Family vacations are a time to bond, share a few laughs and make beautiful memories. The time spent in the company of family members is always special and if its an exotic destination like Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Sharjah, one surely ends up enjoying more. For me the trip was refreshing as it gave me time to relax and unwind in the company of family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14789065", "title": "Lawyers urged to strike work on July 11, 12", "text": "MARGAO: Lawyers in Goa have decided to support the call given by the apex lawyers body, the Bar Council of India (BCI), against the proposed Higher Education and Research Bill, to abstain from work on July 11 and 12.The South Goa Advocates' Association (SGAA) announced their decision at a press briefing in Margao on Monday. Sources said the lawyers' body in North Goa and the Goa high court bar associaition will also extend their support to the BCI decision.On their decision to strike work, SGAA members said that BCI, who had failed to find any breakthrough with its meetings with minister for Human Resource Development (HRD) Kapil Sibal , asked lawyers from across the country abstain from work on July 11 and 12 if legal education is not removed from the purview of the proposed Higher Education Research (HER) Bill.\"The Bar Council of India (BCI) has been opposing the proposed HER Bill, which is aimed at regulating legal education, saying it is an attempt to take away their powers and hand them over to nominees of the HRD ministry,\" said SGAA president Avdhut Arsekar, while addressing mediapersons on Monday. Arskekar added that the SGAA had convened a meeting on July 6 where it was unanimously resolved to extend support the call given by the apex body. Other SGAA members present were vice-president Adison D'Cruz, secretary Winston Mascarenhas and former SGAA president Anacleto Viegas.SGAA members said that by way of the the proposed bill, the government is trying to take away the BCI's power and trying to replace the BCI's legal education committee with a National Accreditation Regulatory Authority which will decide whether or not to grant approval to educational institutions.The SGAA also upped the ante towards its demand for an independent high court in Goa with Arseker saying that they had spoke to MP Shantaram Naik and were in the process of speaking to other authorities concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14791398", "title": "US students visit Kalmadi high school", "text": "PUNE: About 20 students from the US visited the Shamrao Kalmadi High School, Ganeshnagar, recently under a youth exchange programme initiated by iEARN India, an educational and resource organisation.A cultural event was organised at the school auditorium as the school welcomed these students - all in the 14 to 18 age group and their tutors; and introduced them to the host families. The youth exchange programme is of six weeks and students would be attending various classes to learn about Indian culture. A day-visit to an agri-tourism centre in Baramati is also on the agenda to help them understand the rural life of India.Their host families will organise few ceremonies which involve applying mehendi, making rangoli etc. Connar Davis (18) from North Carolina says, \"I am mostly excited about Indian food. I love the spices here and have already tasted paneer tikka and must say I loved it.\" The chief guest for the event was Shrikant Paranjpe, head of department of defence and strategic studies at the University of Pune. The guests included Swati Patel, assistant cultural affairs officer, US Consulate, Sunita Bhagwat, country co-ordinator of iEARN, Kushal Hegde, president of the Kannada Sangha and principal Kamini Saxena.Guru Poornima celebratedGuru Poornima was celebrated in Abhinav Education Society's English Medium School and Junior College Ambegaon (Bk). Students felicitated their teachers by giving them flowers as a token of respect and honour. Debates and poetry recitation on 'Guru' were conducted by students of all age groups. The students also organized a plantation drive for the teachers. A song expressing gratitude about the teachers was also presented.NIE back to school with Radio MirchiTimes NIE in collaboration with FM radio station, Radio Mirchi went to several city schools with the cartoon character Supandi of \"Tinkle\" comic book.The schools included DAV Public School Aundh; DES Secondary; Balshikshan Mandir; Wisdom World School; City International School, Pimpri; Vidyanchal; Paranjpe Vidya Mandir; Kalmadi Shamarao High School, Ganeshnagar and Pawar Public School.Generally, Supandi makes the readers smile with its absent-mindedness, however, this time it was students who had to entertain Supandi. RJs Rahul, Anuprita, Jyonita, Smita and Aditi organised small competitions in schools like jokes-sharing and repeating favourite movie dialogue. The winners were presented comic books, mugs and other items. Supandi shook hands with the participants and cheered them while the games were on.Green Pune driveThe City International School, Kothrud, has taken up a drive for a greener Pune till July 10. The school has adopted the Mahtoba hill behind Paramhansnagar which is located 2 km from the school. The event was planned and organized by principal Nirmal Waddan and vice-principal Padmaja Chavali, wherein students planted a sapling each. The student would place a name tag on the sapling planted by him/her and will nurture it throughout his/her school career. At the end of the school tenure, the child will hand over the tree to his successor and also take an oath to become a responsible citizen and contribute towards protecting the environment. Rajya Sabha MP Vandana Chavan was present.Environment Day observedHill Green High School and Junior College Undri, organized a poster exhibition based on the topic of conservation of environment. Posters made by students were displayed in the corridors of the school. Sonali Sawant, a student of std IX-A, dressed up as a tree and went to each class to give the message of environment conservation. Another exhibition titled 'best out of the waste' was also held to display items made by students using waste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14786558", "title": "A-320s have a history of hydraulic failure", "text": "NEW DELHI: A suspicion of a \"rarest of rare\" possibility of all three hydraulic systems in Air India's Airbus A-319 failing on Monday kept 128 people holed up inside the aircraft for a full 12 hours in Pakistan and they reached their destination only when a relief aircraft came to their rescue. So just what is this system and why is it so important for an aircraft?Senior pilots explain this with the example of cars. Just like invisible pressurized liquids in the engine, steering and braking system help you drive, steer and slow down when needed, an aircraft moves on ground and flies in air on the basis of hydraulics powering almost everything that a pilot has to do like move the flaps on the wing; steer the aircraft and lower or raise the landing gear.The hydraulics in Airbus A-320 family aircraft inducted by erstwhile Indian Airlines in early 1990 were known for their routine hydraulic failure, a problem still experienced by the national carrier in its older generation A-320s. Airlines say Airbus' newer gen planes have tried to solve the problem by having multiple back-ups.An A-320 family aircraft has three hydraulic systems called green, blue and yellow for the same of identification. The green and yellow run through engines and are inter-connected. If one engine fails, the other can run these systems. The blue one is run by an electric pump. They all have a back-up with the yellow and blue having an electric motor for this job.The blue hydraulic system, interestingly, has a small turbine fan which drops out of the aircraft belly and moves with the high air flow. This generates enough power to have sufficient hydraulics for basic functions and basic electricity.While all seasoned commanders said Captain S K Vashishth did the right thing by following the standard operating procedure when the warning came, they doubt if the alarm was for real. \"If all the three systems fail, then the aircraft is simply un-flyable and will just drop from the sky. All three hydraulic systems failing together is an extremely rare possibility for today's modern planes. AI must take up this issue with Airbus very sternly as aircraft manufacturers often feel their machines are foolproof and if anything goes wrong, they blame it on human error,\" said a senior commander.However, another senior pilot pointed a finger at AI's maintenance. \"In good old days we had preventive maintenance and now it is corrective maintenance. Finance department clears part replacement only after it stops working and we have instances of aircraft being grounded for very small missing spares,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14787871", "title": "1 hurt in Kurla building collapse", "text": "MUMBAI: One person was injured when a portion of a Kurla building collapsed on Monday. The incident occurred around 5:45am in Kurla's Aadi Karamat Ali Nagar in Kasaiwada. Rizwan Qureshi (36), who suffered injuries, was later admitted to Sion Hospital.\"The victim stays at a ground plus one structure in Kasaiwada. He was injured when a portion of the building collapsed,\" a fire official said.In another incident, two persons-Munawar Khan (22) and Mohd Khan (25)-were wounded after a tree collapse in Kala Ghoda on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "14797310", "title": "Injustice has been done to Faisal: Miandad", "text": "LAHORE: Former Pakistan captain Javed Miandad has claimed that \"injustice\" has been meted out to his nephew, Faisal Iqbal , as far as the latter cementing a place in the national cricket team was concerned.\"No doubt injustice has been done to some players including Faisal. But at the same time, as a professional, I believe if he keeps on scoring runs there is no way he will not be rewarded in time,\" Miandad said.Faisal, who has been in and out of the national team for the last few years, was recalled to the Test squad for the tour to Sri Lanka last month after nearly two years on the sidelines.Unfortunately, he still didn't get a chance to play as the selectors preferred to go with debutant Ayub Dogar after skipper Misbah-ul-Haq was banned due to slow over-rate, thus overlooking the experience of Faisal.Miandad pointed out that normally when a senior player is unavailable due to some reason the next most seasoned player is preferred to replace him.\"But in Sri Lanka this didn't happen and it was not fair. But I don't want to create any negativity because I believe a player has his own destiny to fulfil.\"Miandad, who has been asked by the PCB to work with the under-19 players and members of the senior team during camps in Lahore, said he was delighted to be given this responsibility.\"But I have always said that players who have played around 200 ODIs or 50 Tests don't need any coaching. They just need to be fine-tuned. I believe the younger players can benefit more from my experience,\" he said.Miandad, who has remained coach of the national team thrice, said there was no doubt the Pakistani players were not always consistent.\"A coach can only advice a player but it is the player who has to go and perform and handle the situation in the middle.When we played no one coached us, we learnt by ourselves because I believe once you play for the national team it is your responsibility to keep improving and learning and if you say at this level you need coaching then you shouldn't be playing for your country,\" Miandad said.Miandad also said that in the past family commitments had kept him away from accepting any coaching assignments with the national team.\"But now I have time and if required can also go on tours with the team.\"The former captain, who has played in 124 Tests and is presently having a senior position in the board, said that consistency had always been a problem with the national team despite producing some great players.He made it clear that there would be no clash between him and head coach Dav Whatmore .\"The board has also appointed Whatmore... he will do his job and I will do what I have to do.\"Miandad also did not hold back from saying that justice was not done with him when he was coach.\"I was removed in 2004 when my contract still remained. When I told the board what needed to be done they didn't listen. They were not fair in dealing with me as coach.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14788538", "title": "Man kills self, accuses cop of harassment", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 35-year-old man immolated himself at his home on Shardamandir Road in Paldi on Saturday and died early on Sunday morning. After his death, his relatives surrounded Ellisbridge police station and demanded action against police personnel responsible for allegedly abetting his suicide.According to Ellisbridge police officials, Premji Jitiya, used to work as a labour contractor at construction sites in western city parts. Last week, he was questioned by policemen in connection with the disappearance of a 16-year-old girl Bhavna (name changed) at one of his sites. Bhavna, a resident of Sukhipura slums in Vejalpur, had eloped with a youth.Police apprehended Jitiya and questioned him thoroughly in case. According to his dying declaration to police officials, he was threatened by Pankaj, a police constable with Vejalpur police station. He had asked Jitiya to reveal the location or be ready for the consequences. Jitiya apparently became very disturbed by it and immolated himself on Saturday. He sustained over 90 per cent burns and died on Sunday. His relatives approached the Ellisbridge police station from the VS Hospital and demanded punishment to the policeman responsible. They refused to take possession of the body till the justice was delivered.PC Joshi, assistant commissioner of police, A division, rushed to the spot. \"I assured them that proper investigation will be made in the case and responsible will be booked. We registered a case of abetment to suicide against the constable at Ellisbridge police station and transferred it to Vejalpur police for further probe,\" said Joshi.Meanwhile, police found Bhavna, the girl in question, from Fatepura in Dahod district and apprehended Soma Pargi, 21, and two others for rape and abduction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14791492", "title": "Counselling starts tomorrow at Sam Higginbottom Institute of Agriculture, Technology &amp; Sciences", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The counselling for various undergrdaute and postgraduate courses at Sam Higginbottom Institute of Agriculture, Technology &amp; Sciences (SHIATS) for the session 2012-13 will begin from July 11. The counselling will start at 9am, said SHIATS registrar Prof AKA Lawrence.Prof Lawrence said on July 11 and 12, counselling for various undergraduate courses such as BSc agriculture, horticulture, home science, forestry, food tech, MLT, animal husbandry &amp; dairy, PCM, PCFS, PMCS, ZBC, LSCFS, public health, animation and visual effect, biotech, BTech agriculture engineering, food tech engineering, water resource engineering, civil engineering, mechanical engineering, production &amp; industrial engineering, electrical &amp; electronic engineering, electrical engineering, electronic &amp; communication engineering, electronic &amp; instrumentation engineering, dairy technology, computer science &amp; engineering, biotech, bioinformatics along with BCA, BA, BBA, BABD, BPharma, BLib, BCom, Journalism &amp; Mass Communication etc will held for Christian candidates who secured merit 1-300 and 301-628. Similarly, in above course counseling for general candidates will start from July 13. The counseling for undergraduate course will be end on July 20, 2012, said the registrar.Prof Lawrence added that counseling for postgraduate courses like MSc Agriculture, Science, Home Science, Computer Science, Bioinformatics, Dairy Tech, Food Tech, Bio chemistry, Biotech, Microbiology, MLT, PCM, forensic science, mathematics, media technology, animal science, anthropology, pharmaceutical chemistry, clinical along with mtech agriculture engineering, water management engineering, energy management engineering, water resource engineering, food tech engineering, remote sensing &amp; gis, biotechnology, bioinformatics, MTech Engineering, Computer Science, MCA, Dairy Tech, MBA, MBA Agriculture Business, MBA IT, MBA IB, MA Mass Communication, MTH, MLISC, MPH, MA Education, MA English will be held on July 21 to July 27 while BEd &amp; MEd counseling will be held on July 28 &amp; 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "14791462", "title": "Train tragedy averted near Bahraich railway station", "text": "BAHRAICH: A major train accident was averted on Monday when seven bogies of Gonda Mailani passenger (52256) train detached from the engine and stopped at the outer signal of Bahraich railway station about five kilometres away. The engine and one bogie reach the platform.The railway ministry has sought a detailed report of the incident. According to reports, improper locking of the bogies or cracking of the clamp in the interlocking system might be the reasons behind it.After detachment, one part of the train moved towards the railway station while the other part stopped at the outer. The guard informed the driver and other higher authorities about the incident.The train was coming from Risia railway station to Bahraich. There were about 750 passengers in the seven coaches. The breaking down of coupling is being given as the reason for the bogies to have separated from the engine. The incident affected train traffic for three hours on Gonda-Mailani division.The train starts from Bareilly and terminates at Gonda. It was scheduled to arrive at Bahraich at 2.50pm but the train was running late by 90 minutes.The engine reached Bahraich railway station with one coach, when the driver contacted the guard on walkie-talkie, he came to know that seven coaches are at the outer signal five kilometres away from the station near Anar Kali river.The station superintendent informed the control room about the incident. The engine again went back with one coach where the technical team connected all the coaches again and the train reached Bahraich railway station after three hours at 7.20pm.Station superintendent M A Siddiqui said that DRM and other officials have been informed about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "jind", "code": "14788346", "title": "Brain behind first women-driven khap panchayat", "text": "JIND: July 14 is set to become a milestone in Haryana's history, with Bibipur village hosting the first women-driven khap panchayat. And this could well be credited to Ritu Jaglan, who has been arming village women with the knowledge to take on the khaps and fight against the patriarchal system.In the panchayat, the women would seek support of the khap leaders to fight female foeticide and sex determination tests, says Ritu. But convincing rural women initially to shed their inhibitions to speak out was a tough job indeed.The 25-year-old gritty girl formed a 'women battalion' and started giving training to them to denounce male dominance.Ritu, a postgraduate in English from Kurukshetra University who is eloquent in the local dialect, made the womenfolk realize their place in the society and developed a rapport with them. \"I told them that there's no reason why men should dominate social meetings. Women need to have a say as they are as important a part of the society as are men,\" she points out.\"Today, they know how to speak in the presence of elders without causing any affront to them. After training, the hesitation has melted away,\" says Ritu.Attired in salwar kameez with a tucked ponytail , spirited Ritu prepares for the crusade every day. She tells the womenfolk how they can make their daughters self-confident by providing them good education. \"I argue with them that a daughter should get a rightful position and the bias must go away.\"Ritu champions women's rights and her campaign has gained momentum. Her brother, Sunil Jaglan, 30, who is a sarpanch, has been egging her on in her fight to change the conventional mindset. \"At home, we call her a 'vakil' due to her argumentative nature,\" says Sunil.Ritu wants to become a teacher like her father Om Parkash Jaglan but says that fight against female foeticide is her first priority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14788727", "title": "Supreme Court asks man to pay wife Rs 50k to fight divorce case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man seeking divorce has been asked by the Supreme Court to bear the cost of litigation on behalf of his wife.As a condition for entertaining the man's appeal against a Karnataka high court decision to quash the trial court's divorce decree granted to him, a bench of Justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhay asked him to pay Rs 50,000 to his wife to enable her to engage a lawyer to fight the case against him.The bench entertained Madhav's appeal against the HC judgment, but ordered, \"The petitioner is directed to pay Rs 10,000 per month to the respondent (Ashwini) towards maintenance till the disposal of the special leave petition/appeal and a sum of Rs 50,000 towards legal expenses.\" The court asked the husband to pay up the legal cost within four weeks.\"For the month of July, the amount of maintenance shall be paid on or before July 23. For all succeeding months, the amount shall be paid by the 10th day of each month,\" the bench said while asking Ashwini to respond to her husband's appeal in 10 weeks.Madhav had got a divorce decree from a Bijapur trial court on the ground of mental cruelty caused to him by Ashwini. However, on appeal, the Gulbarga bench of the HC comprising Justices D V Shylendra Kumar and H S Kempanaa set it aside, saying trivial fights between the couple had been exaggerated to sound like mental cruelty.The HC had said, \"We are of the definite opinion that the husband has not made out any case to prove any degree of cruelty meted by the wife against him; that differences between a couple during marital life is otherwise not uncommon in our society and more so in such families, and that being blown out of proportion and when we notice that the wife herself has been subjected to acts of cruelty; and the view of the trial judge is nothing short of a highly prejudiced and biased view taken against the wife, not sustainable in law.\"While entertaining Madhav's appeal against the HC judgment, the apex court bench of Justices Singhvi and Mukhopadhay last week said increasingly, it was coming across cases of husbands being unfair to educated wives.\"While marrying, you (men) looked for educated girls or those who were in service. When disputes arose, you want to refuse maintenance on the ground that she is educated or that she is in service. If you cannot accommodate an educated wife, then you should not have married an educated girl,\" the bench said before asking Madhav to pay monthly alimony to Ashwini.The bench said it was a question of how the husband accommodated the views and needs of the educated wife. \"Do not marry at all if you do not want to accommodate educated girls,\" it observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14792382", "title": "Constable held for misbehaving with girl", "text": "The Kukataplly police arrested a 50-year-old head constable for harassing an 18-year-old girl, who went to the police station to report misbehaviour of youths in her neighborhood. Police arrested K Ashok Reddy, head constable of the Kukatpally PS. On Saturday, the complainant from Madhavaram Colony went to the police station and lodged a complaint against some local youths who allegedly teased her. Head constable Ashok received the complaint. After the girl returned home, Ashok began calling her on the cellphone and spoke to her in a vulgar way. On Sunday, he even went to her house and misbehaved with her. As he continued to make phone calls, the girl along with her family members brought the issue to the notice of senior officials and Ashok Reddy was arrested on Sunday night. tnnA case was booked against him under section 354 (Assault or use of criminal force against a woman to outrage her modesty) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). He was produced before court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14785741", "title": "INFO GFX on facts, problems &amp; solutions", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur has potential to become an educational hub, with its central location and huge number of educational institutesNagpur district has 1,523 primary and 873 secondary schools of the state board, 48 schools affiliated to CBSE, another 6 affiliated to other private boards. There are 322 junior colleges presentNagpur University has 58 engineering colleges producing 15K graduates each year and 60 MBA colleges with 4,000 studentsNagpur division also has 62 polytechnic colleges with 20,000 students every yearIn the medical stream, Nagpur has half a dozen colleges offering health science courses (medical, physiotherapy, dental, ayurveda , homeopathy, Unani etc)Over a 1,000 architecture and hotel management graduates also pass out every yearPROBLEMSQuality of education is a casualty due to blind expansion of colleges under NUHuge shortage of qualified principals and lecturersNU does not have a research-oriented culture, students pursue doctoral thesis only in traditional subjectsInfrastructure at colleges is suspect, with many institutes on the outskirts having bare minimum facilitiesOf almost 2,500 schools in the district only a few can boast of quality education, based on academic results. Same is the case with 322 collegesMushrooming of schools is at the cost of quality, since there are no inspectionsSOLUTIONSNU should immediately stop permitting new colleges, as done by Mumbai and Amravati varsities. Already, management and engineering colleges are not getting enough students, with over 2,500 seats vacant in management colleges and 7,000 seats empty in engineering institutesUpgrading infrastructure should happen on a war footing across NU colleges to raise academic qualityVacant faculty positions should be filled up immediately to ensure quality does not sufferNU should take proactive role in dealing with scams and erring collegesLocal education officials should inspect schools, infrastructure so students get good environment to learn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14792138", "title": "I'm too sexy for my shoes", "text": "HYDERABAD: With 'Daaru desi' and 'I'm sexy and I know it' replacing 'Papa kehte hai' and 'Seasons in the sun' as the \"in\" songs hummed in school, the kids of generation Y are growing up much faster than their predecessors, using words and displaying behaviour which one wouldn't have expected from a child in their wildest dreams around five to 10 years ago. Increased exposure to all kinds of information including adult content and lifestyle changes have resulted in a whole generation of children who well, aren't quite childlike anymore. Frequent parlour and gym visits, rising pocket money, smoking, drinking and early initiation into sexual activities now feature in the common things that young adolescents from the higher classes in city schools do these days.Even as activists everywhere continue to stress on the hazards of smoking and drinking, the age at which people are introduced to them has been consistently decreasing. Shockingly, several city students from class IX onwards admit to at least having tried a cigarette or alcohol. Roshan R (name changed on request), who recently finished class XII said, \"I had my first cigarette when I was in class X and I started drinking in class XI. By the time I got to class XII it was no big deal. At least half my class would smoke and drink regularly and it was considered cool to do so. I know guys who turned into chain smokers in class IX itself. Now, the number of kids who start doing these things in class IX is much higher than when I was that age.\"A manager at a local pub said, \"We get a lot of requests from school going teenagers to host parties here and serve them alcohol and cigarettes. Some are so keen to just enter a pub and spend some time inside that they tell us they will not order alcohol, but just snacks and mocktails. Especially on Mondays and Tuesdays in the afternoon hours, many such kids turn up. However, we don't entertain any such requests as we don't let anybody in without age proof.\"Pointing out the role peer pressure plays in urging kids to take up drinking or smoking, Archita Rao (name changed), a class XII student said, \"From class X itself there were so many of my friends who went around partying and then boasted about their nights out and their drinking episodes. To be honest, the main reason why I started drinking so early was because everybody else was doing it and I did not want to be the odd one out.\" She went on to say that many of her friends had talked about \"smoking up\" (smoking marijuana) and she too had gone with the flow and tried it. \"I knew it was supposed to be a bad thing, but I just gave in to the pressure and tried it out.\"In a bid to be as grown up as possible, city students are even taking to drugs at younger ages. Case in point; a city couple with deep pockets wanted the best for their children and enrolled them in what they thought was the best international school in town. But the couple was alert enough to smell the marijuana from the stories their children carried home about their classmates. The kids were promptly removed from the school, but not before the parents confronting the principal about it. \"The principal said he was responsible only for what happened in the school premises and not outside. So technically if students were doing drugs outside the campus, he couldn't care less,\" said the parent.Many city children grow up in the lap of luxury, well literally. They wear branded clothes, they throw birthday bashes at multinational food chains and they swear by their best friend, an iPod or a tab that keeps them company when they get bored. Resorts are booked for weekend getaways or simply get-togethers. They boast of designer watches and fast cars as gifts after clearing Class X. The exposure to an all-adult lifestyle would predictably reflect in their behaviour too, say sociologists pointing out at the remarkable ease with which they carry out an adult task of say lighting a cigarette or on a positive note, interacting with people older to them with a lot more confidence. Concerns regarding their appearance and the circle they move in come early in life.This emphasis on appearance is directly related to the trend of dating which is catching on quickly among school kids. \"Dating and taking care of my looks too are very important. Things like getting ones' eyebrows threaded, hands and legs waxed and manicures and pedicures are very common now. In fact, it has actually become a necessity as we all want to look nice for our boyfriends,\" said another class XII student from the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14787716", "title": "BMC suspends 3 officials for negligence in Dadar school case", "text": "MUMBAI: Following the closure of a Dadar school due to the BMC's non-payment of rent, the civic body on Monday suspended three of its officials for negligence. Two deputy law officers and an administrative officer were suspended as they did not attend the court hearings.The small causes court ordered the closure of Sayani Road Hindi municipal school, which had 132 students on its rolls, as the BMC had failed to pay rent for the last four years to the owner.The BMC had taken the Bhaktewar Building on Sayani Road, Dadar, on lease in 1932. Last week, the court told the BMC to pull down the shutters of the school. Corporators claimed that the BMC had over 90 days to appeal in the higher court. What comes as a complete shocker to activists monitoring civic schools is that no appeal had been made in this regard.\"There will be a departmental inquiry on the three officials, but they have been suspended for now. They were negligent in not attending court hearings,\" said Mohan Adtani, additional municipal commissioner.Adtani said that the 132 students have been shifted to Khed galli in Kherwadi for the time being.There are 252 more municipal schools, which are on rent, and Adtani will take a review of their pending bills on July 20.Nitin Gadekar, a member of the working committee of Mumbai 227, said, \"With a budget of Rs 2,342 crore that translates to Rs 52,044 per child, it is shocking that the BMC dilly-dallied in paying a fine of Rs 52,000 that resulted in the closure of the civic school.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "14789577", "title": "Subhendu may defy party diktat to attend Jangalmahal meet", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Subhendu Adhikary, Trinamool MP and the party's strongman in East and West Midnapore, is set to defy a whip from his party leadership, apparently aimed at cornering him.The party's West Midnapore district leadership has prohibited all MPs, MLAs and ministers from attending a meet on July 12 organized in Jangalmahal by the Janajagaran Mancha to mourn the killing of two Trinamool workers a couple of years back. The Mancha, seen as a wing of the Trinamool, had printed posters naming Adhikary, minister Sukumar Hansda and some party MLAs as speakers at the meet. At a district party meet on Sunday night, MLAs Srikanto Mahato and Churamoni Mahato objected to the use of Trinamool flags at the July 12 meet, saying the Mancha was not a wing of the party.The MLAs also alleged that the Mancha was extorting money from the locals in Jangalmahal. Its proximity to the Trinamool was discrediting the party in Jangalmahal and giving the CPM an edge there, they said. Though Adhikary said he would decide on Tuesday whether he would attend the meet, those in his inner circle said the MP would very much be there on July 12 when he would be accorded a reception by the Mancha. Minister Hansda, too, said he is yet to decide.But other Trinamool leaders, invited to speak at the meet, have buckled under pressure and said they would not be attending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14792556", "title": "Swift response lets to arrest of chain snatcher and burglar", "text": "BANGALORE: Two calls to police in as many hours in the dead of Sunday night resulted in swift action, leading to the arrest of a chain snatcher and a burglar.Kamakshipalya police received a call around 11pm from Agrahara Dasarahalli resident Saraswti, that a man had snatched her gold chain minutes earlier when she was standing at her gate, talking on her mobile phone.Swinging into action, police erected barricades and started questioning those who were loitering around in the area. Head constable Nagaraj and constable Chikka Honnaiah caught hold of a youth, Manjunath, who was moving around suspiciously. On interrogation, he spilled the beans and police recovered Saraswati's gold chain from him, DCP (West) SN Sidramappa said.Two hours later, the central control room received a call from a resident of Malagala, near Nagarbhavi. The caller, Bhaskar, had dialled 100 and told police that four men were trying to break into his neighbour, Khadar's house. Khadar and his family were not in townThe control room alerted the jurisdictional Jnanabharathi police, who rushed a Hoysala to the spot.ASI Devaraj and head constable Byralingaiah chased the fleeing burglars and caught hold of one of them, Ram Bahadur, a native of Nepal , while the others managed to escape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14791126", "title": "30,000 diamond workers jobless in Saurashtra", "text": "RAJKOT: Haresh Meshuriya (30), a resident of Abharampara village in Amreli district, lost his job at a diamond polishing unit before two weeks. Left with no option, he drives a loading rickshaw for survival. His monthly income has fallen to Rs 2,100 a month from Rs 6,000.Nitin Satashiya (30) has also met the same fate as Haresh's and all that he does now is kill time in absence of sufficient work in his unit.The slowdown in the world's biggest diamond cutting and polishing centre, Surat, has had a cascading effect on Saurashtra, which houses nearly 4,500 small units employing nearly four lakh workers. Many big and medium units in Surat outsource to polishing work, especially that of low-cost low-value diamonds, to Saurashtra units.Industry sources said that nearly 30,000 diamond workers in this region have been rendered jobless in last two months. \"At least 15,000 have lost their job in Amreli district alone and the number will also increase,\" said Lalit Thummar, president of Amreli Diamond Association.For diamond workers in Saurashtra, mainly Amreli and Bhavnagar, it's a double whammy. They can't even go back to farming\"We have 20 bigha lands. But rains are also insufficient for farming,\" said Satashiya.In Amreli, about 80 small units have shut down and more are likely to follow suit. \"Of the 1,600 units, majority are running partially at present,'' said Thummar.Sources say that diamond units have been unable to pay polishers for the last two months. \"In 2008, at least 150 polishers had committed suicide. The government needs to step in to avoid a repetition,\" said a diamond unit owner.The condition in Bhavnagar which has 1,500 units is not different. \"The only difference is that diamond units have not shut down completely but have decreased the working hours,\" said Vitthal Mendapara, president, Bhavnagar Diamond Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14742576", "title": "The 59th Idea Filmfare Awards 2011(South)", "text": "It was a night filled with stars and surprises as Chennai played host to the 59th Idea Filmfare Awards 2011 (South). The dazzling awards ceremony witnessed stars from Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam and Kannada film industries walking down the red carpet.The night was a feast for the fans as they got to see an array of performances, which included Tamannaah, Shruti Haasan, Richa Gangopadhyay, Rima Kallingal, Poorna and Sandalwood girls Priyamani and Sanjjanaa. The star-studded evening saw film personalities coming together and celebrating the best of southern cinema. Taking the glitz and glamor to another level were the star performers of the event --- Priyamani, Sanjana, Shruti Hasan, Nayantara among others.Here's the complete list of the award winners of the 59th Idea Filmfare Awards (South)TamilBest Film Aadukalam Best Director Vetrimaran (Aadukalam) ( Video )  Best Actor Male Dhanush (Aadukalam ) ( Video )  Best Actor Female Anjali (Engayum Eppodum) ( Video )  Best Supporting Actor Male Ajmal (Ko) ( Video )  Best Supporting Actor Female Ananya (Engayum Eppodum) ( Video )  Best Music Director G V Prakash (Aadukalam) ( Video )  Best Playback Singer Male Aalap Raju (Ennamo Edho, Ko) ( Video )  Best Playback Singer Female Chimayee (Sara Sara Vaagai Sooda Va) ( Video )  Best Lyrics Vairamuthu (Sara Sara Vaagai Sooda Va) ( Video )  MalayalamBest Film Traffic Best Director Blessy (Pranayam) Best Actor Male Salim Kumar (Adaminte Makan Abu) Best Actor Female Kavya Madhavan (Gaddama) ( Video )  Best Supporting Actor Male Thilakan (Indian Rupee) Best Supporting Actor Female Lena (Traffic) Best Music Director M Jayachandran (Pranayam) Best Playback Singer Male Vijay Yesudas - Eepuzhayum Sandhyakalum-(Indian Rupee) Best Playback Singer Female Shreya Ghoshal - Paattil Ee Pattil (Pranayam) Best Lyrics Onv Kurup - Paattil Ee Pattil (Pranayam)  KannadaBest Film Olave Mandara ( Video )  Best Director Jayatheertha (Olave Mandara) Best Actor Male Puneeth Rajkumar (Hudugaru) ( Video )  Best Actor Female Ramya (Sanju Weds Geetha) ( Video )  Best Supporting Actor Male Ravishankar (Kempe Gowda) Best Supporting Actor Female Shruthi (Puttakkana Highway) ( Video )  Best Music Director Jassie Gift (Sanju Weds Geetha) ( Video )  Best Playback Singer Male Chethan - Yaarigelona Namma Problem- (Lifu Ishtena ) ( Video )  Best Playback Singer Female Shreya Ghoshal - Gaganave - (Sanju Weds Geetha) Best Lyrics Kaviraj - Sanju Mathu Geetha - (Sanju Weds Geetha) ( Video )  TeluguBest Film Dookudu ( Video )  Best Director Sreenu Vaitla (Dookudu) ( Video )  Best Actor Male Mahesh Babu (Dookudu) ( Video )  Best Actor Female Nayantara (Sri Rama Rajyam) Best Supporting Actor Male M S Narayana (Dookudu) Best Supporting Actor Female Annie (Rajanna) Best Music Director S S Thaman (Dookudu) Best Playback Singer Male Rahul Nambiyar - Guruvaram March Okati - (Dookudu) Best Playback Singer Female Shreya Ghoshal - Jagadhannadha - (Sri Rama Rajyam) Best Lyrics Jonnavithula - Jagadhannadha - (Sri Rama Rajyam)Special Honours Lifetime Achievement Awards S P Muthuraman (Director) ( Video ) Seema Sasi (Actor) Critics Award Vikram (Deiiva Thirumagal) ( Video )  Best Debut Aadhi ( Prema Kavaali)( Video ) Shruti Haasan (7aum Arivu, Anaga Anaga O Dheerudu) Best Choreograpghy Prem Rakshit - Naath Naath Badrinath - (Badrinath)  Best Cinematograpghy Velraj (Aadukalam) ( Video )  Also Check out: Filmfare Awards South: Red Carpet", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14792731", "title": "State 2nd in crime against women", "text": "GUWAHATI: The National Crime Records Bureau's (NCRB) latest statistics revealed that Assam has become one of most vulnerable places in the country in terms of crime against woman.According to the latest NCRB figures, the rate of crime against women in Assam was the second highest in the country in 2011 with 36.9 per cent. The state of Tripura, which topped the chart in the category, was only a marginal 0.1 percent ahead last year. .\"The rate of crime against women has increased marginally from 18.0 in the year 2010 to 18.9 during the year 2011 in India. Tripura has reported the highest rate of crime against women at 37.0 during the year 2011 as compared to 18.9 crime rate at the national level,\" said the report.The rate of crime against women meant number of crimes against women per one lakh population.NCRB's \"Crime in India 2011\" report has ranked Kerala next to Assam with 33.8 per cent rate of crime against woman. Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal were placed at fourth and fifth positions respectively. Andhra Pradesh has registered 33.4 per cent of crimes against women last year while West Bengal stood at 31.9 per cent.The NCRB report further said, \"There were 2, 28, 650 incidents of crimes against women in the country out of which Assam registered 11, 503 incidents.\" Nagaland has the lowest rate of crime against women among the northeastern states with only 1.9 percent. NCRB registered only 38 cases of crime against women in 2011.Assam Police statistics for 2011 highlighted that among all the heads of crimes against women, the highest number of cases was registered in the category of cruelty by husbands and relatives.\"A total of 5745 cases of cruelty by husband and relatives were registered in Assam in 2011. There were 2998 cases of kidnapping and 2011 rape cases were registered against women in the state for the same period,\" stated Assam Police records.The national percentage of cases for cruelty by husband and relatives on women was recorded at 43.4 per cent last year. \"Although women may be victims of any of the general crimes such as murder, robbery, cheating and others, only the crimes which are directed specifically against women are characterized as crimes against women,\" said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14790678", "title": "\u2018Cold war is being fought against Islam\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: Islam should not be suppressed out of fear that it breeds extremism, India-born philosopher and academic Akeel Bilgrami said on Monday. He contended that there is a kind of religious fundamentalism in the heart of the United States \"comparable to the fundamentalism in Iran and Saudi Arabia\".Speaking on 'Mentality of Democracy' in his inaugural address to the 2012-13 class of students at the Asian College of Journalism here, Bilgrami while alluding to Islamic resurgence in the world, observed, \"A cold war is being fought against Islam\". This, he said, paved the way for expansion of a military-industrial complex in the United States where suppression is never overt but has taken the form of marginalization of alien viewpoints. \"The opposite of freedom is not coercion... they just pity you... say poor chap, 50 years out of date. The marginalization is pervasive ...you are treated as an eccentric, people snigger in corridors,\" he explained.\"In the heart of America... in Nebraska and Kansas ... deeply conservative Christians go to the Church because it is part of human nature to seek solidarity and community,\" said Bilgrami, Johnsonian Professor of Philosophy at Columbia University, New York. Obviously, common people's need for well-being born out an alienation spawned by consumerist and exploitative capitalism could not be satiated by visiting a bowling alley, as political scientists may suggest, or obsession with entertainment or an icon like Sachin Tendulkar, he said. In the heart of America, a hub of religiosity, not surprisingly there is talk of 'Armageddon' reminiscent of the crusades, he said.In contrast, there was an absence of religiosity in Europe though its people had experienced a similar kind of alienation due to the capitalist culture. However, since the late 19th century, there had been vibrant labour movements that provided the feeling of solidarity and community at weekly union hall meetings.Reputed in the western academic world as a philosopher of language and mind, Bilgrami said the Arab Spring and revolutionary movements in West Asia could be attributed to a \"change in the mental map of people brought about through public education by one television channel, Al Jazeera, telling people how corrupt their ruling elites are.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14788717", "title": "With similar genes, zebra fish could help decipher mysteries of human body", "text": "NEW DELHI: A brightly striped aquarium fish is giving scientists a peep into the mysteries of the human body. Indian and western scientists are now taking keen interest in the zebra fish \u2014 a popular aquarium fish. Scientists say the genes of humans and zebra fish \u2014 found in India and Pakistan -- is 80% similar.Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB) Hyderabad recently set up a state-of-the-art zebra fish research facility. Scientist Dr Rakesh Mishra, who heads the CCMB, said the fish has gained tremendous international prominence as a model organism.Speaking to TOI, Dr Mishra said, \"Thousands of genes between humans and the zebra fish are similar and using this fish for scientific studies has several advantages. Its embryo is transparent and hence we can actually see the body being formed. It is found all over India and breeds throughout the year making it readily available. It is known for its high fecundity (mature females lay several hundred eggs at weekly intervals) and short generation time (3-4 months). The embryo also develops completely in 48-72 hours because of which experiments can be completed very fast.\"The team is now working to see how the body of the zebra fish forms which could ultimately tell us how humans develop from a single cell and the mechanism in which \"the anterior and posterior\" is decided.Dr Mishra said, \"We are going to replace the genes of zebra fish with that of humans to see how it behaves. We are beginning by studying how embryonic development begins with a single cell and then divides to result in a body pattern. We want to study the mechanism that controls the expression of homeotic genes which control formation of anterior and posterior body axis.\"Zebra fish, unlike humans, can regenerate their spinal cord following injury. Scientists are now trying to see how they do it and whether humans can replicate such an action.Yona Goldshmit, a scientist working at Monash University in Australia, is also studying the mechanism of spinal cord repair in zebra fish. She recently described a protein that may be a key difference between regeneration in fish and mammals. One of the major barriers to spinal regeneration in mammals is a natural protective mechanism, which incongruously results in an unfortunate side effect.After a spinal injury, nervous system cells called glia are activated and flood the area to seal the wound to protect the brain and spinal cord. In doing so, however, the glia create scar tissue that act as a physical and chemical barrier, which prevent new nerves from growing through the injury site, she said.One striking difference between the glial cells in mammals and fish is the resulting shape: mammalian glia take on highly branched, star-like arrangements that appear to intertwine into dense tissue. Fish glia cells, by contrast, adopt a simple elongated shape - called bipolar morphology - that bridges the injury site and appears to help new nerve cells grow through the damaged area to heal the spinal cord.\"Zebra fish don't have so much inflammation and the injury is not so severe as in mammals, so we can actually see the pro-regenerative effects that can happen,\" Goldshmit explained.Spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) is a group of progressive neurodegenerative diseases that affect the nerves in the spinal cord that control muscles, leading to weakness, movement difficulties, poor posture and trouble breathing and eating. Scientists are using the zebra fish to study a cure for this.Researchers from the University of Pittsburgh are using zebra fish to study the biological mechanisms that lead to intestinal inflammation, providing additional understanding that may allow development of better therapies.Prakash Thakur, a research associate, described a mutant zebra fish strain that shows many pathological characteristics, including inflammation, abnormal villous architecture, disorganized epithelial cells, increased bacterial growth and high numbers of dying cells in the intestine. \"Most of the hallmark features of the disease are seen in this mutant. We are utilizing this fish as a tool to unravel fundamental mechanisms of intestinal pathologies that may contribute to intestinal inflammatory disorders,\" Thakur said.Human acute T-cell lymphoblastic leukemias (ALL) and lymphomas (LBL) have high relapse rates in pediatric patients and high mortality rates in adults. Hui Feng at Boston University School of Medicine is using a zebra fish model of leukemia to search for promising targets for new molecular treatments for these diseases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14789558", "title": "City firm provides insulation fabric for many space missions", "text": "COIMBATORE: The entire nation rejoiced the successful test launch of Agni V missile which according to defence experts reiterated India's position as an emerging global superpower with an arsenal of tactical and strategic weapons that boast of enhanced striking capabilities. Coimbatore city also played a major role in the Agni project as the entire carbon cloth lining which is an insulation material for the rocket nozzle of the missile was supplied from Aerospace Materials Private Limited, a private firm in Kovilpalayam which has been collaborating with Indian space Research Organisation for PSLV and the Chandrayan missions in the past.\"We were extremely satisfied with the Coimbatore based firm as none of the nozzles of Agni V malfunctioned during the test launch. It was a complete success at all levels,\" said Avinash Chander, Program Director AGNI, DRDO, Ministry of Defence.\"This is my first visit to Coimbatore. Unfortunately I cannot spend much time here but I will definitely be back again. I am impressed with what I have seen and heard so far and it is a great place with much potential for development,\" he added. Avinash went on to say that the cotton city reminded him about Ahemdabad, especially its entrepreneurial sector which is buzzing with creativity and vision. \"The DRDO is looking for strong tie ups with the industrial sector and with substantial technological advances being made on a daily basis there will be several opportunities emerging in the coming years,\" he added.The firm had supplied 10,000 meters of carbon lining fabric used in the rocket nozzle to ensure that it withstands high temperatures, used in three stages of Agni V testing.\"The nozzle has to withstand high temperatures of about 4000 to 5000 degree Celsius after it is launched and the insulation fabric is supplied to ensure that there is no malfunction in the vital missile components due to high temperatures,\" said AM Palanisamy, Chairman, Aerospace Materials Private Limited.\"The ISRO has had an effective collaboration with the firm in the past during our space missions,\" said RM Vasagam, eminent scientist. The firm is now entering the manufacture of carbon based composite components which is now slowly replacing metallic composite components used in rocket and missile development. Abvinash Chander laid the foundation stone for the new unit being set up at a cost of Rs 15 crore in Kinnathukadavu in Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14791483", "title": "Rain leads to waterlogging, traffic jam", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Four days back, the city denizens were patiently waiting for the monsoon to deliver them from a hot, clammy summer. But after rejoicing in the showers within last 48 hours, they on Monday experienced waterlogged and muddy streets in every nook and corner of the city.And what could be the worst situation for the city residents, the rainwater entered into several houses at Malviya Road, Georgetown near Swami Vivekanand School locality who throughout the day waited for AMC authorities to drain the rainwater from their houses.\"Despite making several calls to the municipal authorities, no one turned up to take stock of the situation. We, the residents, put our own effort to deal with the situation,\" said Dr Rajesh Srivastava while talking to TOI.He added: \"The showers have exposed the tall claims of the government agencies that elaborate efforts were made to check the monsoon.\" The city on Monday recorded 7.6 mm rainfall and left the city denizens drenched.As a result, residents of scores of areas had to deal with waterlogged roads and traffic jams. \"This is only a sign of the problems to come,\" said Rajapur resident R K Pandey pointing towards the Rajapur-Ashok Nagar street. \"By Sunday afternoon, most of the city localities, which are low-lying, were waterlogged. Several of my neighbours' homes, which are below road-level, got flooded.\"Areas like Niranjan Crossing, Nawab Yusuf Road, Nakhas Kohna, Bahadurganj, etc., were the worst-affected in the city. Pointedly, schoolchildren were the worst suffers who remained in traffic jams for hours at most of the city streets like Civil Lines, Thornhill Road, Stanley road, Johnstonganj crossing, Lukerganj Overbridge, Hotstuff crossing etc.Girjesh Pandey, a resident of Rajapur, told TOI: \"I was trapped in traffic jam for more than an hour as there was no traffic cop on duty to regulate it.\" Residents of the waterlogged areas were also faced with slow-moving traffic and ankle-deep water, though the rainfall was only moderate.\"I made the mistake of taking my children to the school in the rain . Despite it being the first day of re-opening of school, the traffic was horrible,\" said Aman Ahmed, adding, \"We had to wait for more than hour to reach my home.\"In city areas , most of the roads were dotted with puddles, which brought first day of the week traffic to a halt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14791764", "title": "Pharmacy course down students' preference list", "text": "BHOPAL: Pharmacy courses no longer enjoy top choice with students, going by a dip in number of students opting for the course in the first round of the counseling. Only 722 students locked their choice for the desired colleges against the availability of 8,250 seats in the first round of counseling, which began on June 15 ended on July 6. The directorate of technical education has now extended it to July 19.Last year, 30% seats had remained vacant in pharmacy colleges. Admitting to lack of interest in pharmacy, Madhya Pradesh Association of Technical and Professional Institutes spokesman BS Yadav said: \"Compared to engineering, pharmacy does not enjoy the same degree of attention from students.\"Statistically speaking, of 1,504 students registered for counseling, only 50% locked their choice in the first round of the counseling.When asked the reason of students' lack of interest, Yadav said students do not want to take admission in pharmacy courses through counseling.\"The trend of last couple of years suggested that most of the students find it better to take direct admission through college level counseling rather than appearing for the pre-engineering pharmacy test (PEPT) because they know that there are ample seats available.\"Last year, colleges managed to fill 70% seats in the pharmacy through the PEPT pass outs counselling as well as the college level counseling to fill up the vacant seats.Besides, he said students find it little tough to study pharmacy courses. \"Engineering courses a bit easier for students compared to the pharmacy courses,\" he said.The lack of interest in pharmacy is not limited to students only. Even college owners do not seem interested in running the pharmacy courses. The figures for the past seven years suggest an increase in seats between 2005-06 and 2010-11, but the number of pharmacy colleges went down.In 2005-06, there were 4,570 pharmacy seats in 70 colleges across the state. The number of seats went up to 8,829 in 2010-11 while the number of colleges which stood at 131 in 2008-09, began dropping in the following years. In 2010-11, there were 127 colleges with 8,829 seats whereas the next year, the figure for colleges came down to 117 with 8,250 seats. This year, the All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) did not receive a single new application from the state to start the pharmacy courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14787000", "title": "Ruckus in collectorate over caste certificates", "text": "NAGPUR: Hundreds of polytechnic aspirants and their parents created a ruckus in the district collectorate on Monday over failure of the administration in issuing caste validity certificates (CVCs) on time. Tuesday is the last date for submission of application forms for polytechnic admissions. Hundreds of students who had submitted caste certificates have not got a CVC yet. Unless a reserved category student has this certificate, he does not get benefit meant for his caste in admissions.The agitated students and parents had reached the collector office to get the document. As district collector Saurabh Rao was not present, they first raised slogans in front of resident deputy collector (RDC) Pramod Bhusari's chamber and then squatted in the corridor outside his chamber.A rattled Bhusari promised that they would get the documents on Tuesday morning. However, the parents said that they wanted it on Monday. Realizing that the issue could snowball, Bhusari directed Setu officials to work beyond office hours and issue as many CVCs as possible. Around 1,500 certificates were finally issued by Monday evening.However, hundreds of students still do not have the much required document. Polytechnic colleges have become very strict about documents and even if a single one is missing , the application is rejected outright. These students are demanding that they should be given admission on the basis of receipts of CVC applications.Shamsuddin Qureshi of Janhit Sangharsh Samiti slammed officials for being callous towards careers of hundreds of students. \"A week ago they had promised that the CVCs would be issued by Monday at any cost. However, nothing has materialized.\" Many students, including Meen Nimje, Sheela Somkunwar and Shweta Patil, blasted the officials.Setu officials, meanwhile, said the process had taken so much time because there were a large number of errors in the applications. However, they could not explain how 1,500 applications were processed on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14791298", "title": "Railways lethargy halts Surat's pace", "text": "SURAT: If massive traffic jams at several places in the city are leaving commuters fuming daily, it is the railways that is to be blamed to a large extent.Long delays in giving approvals has put a brake on the at least five railway overbridge (ROB) projects, which are aimed at easing traffic congestions and improving the connectivity in the city. These projects are hanging fire for almost four years now. After the city limit expansion in 2007-08, Surat's area more than doubled to 326 sq km from 125 sq km.In order to increase the connectivity and roads, number of bridges was planned including rail overbridges to provide easy access to the people living on one side of the railway track with other parts of the city.\"We planned this rail overbridges keeping in mind the easy routes of transport for the people living in these areas,\" said Jatin Shah, city engineer of SMC.However, as these ROB involves railway tracks, SMC needs the permission of railways.\"Our experience with the railways till now has not been good. Our work is delayed without any reason due to lethargic attitude of the railway authorities,\" said Shah.Work on three of the five ROBs is pending because of lack of approval.BK Gadhia, executive engineer in SMC's bridge cell said, \"We have not been able to call the tenders as railways have not given us the basic approvals.\"Railway officials said that approvals come from different departments of the railways and therefore it takes time. \"We don't know when the approvals will come,\" he said.Even the leaking railway underground which needs urgent repairs has not taken up by railways despite the civic body depositing amount of Rs 7.50 crore for the purpose long ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14791315", "title": "Another power theft of Rs 16L detected in Piplod", "text": "SURAT: Continuing its operation in the city's posh Piplod area on the second consecutive day, Dakshin Gujarat Vij Company Limited (DGVCL) has detected power theft to the tune of Rs 16 lakh on Monday.DGVCL's vigilance squad had started a surprise checking drive in Piplod area on Saturday. On the very first day, the squad members detected 17 lakh worth of power theft after checking 83 connections.Official sources said the vigilance squad checked some 93 connections in Piplod area, both in the residential societies and commercial establishments, and irregularities were detected in about 23 connections. The wrong doers were slapped with electricity bills and fine amount worth Rs 16 lakh on the spot.In the past two days, the DGVCL has detected power theft worth Rs 33 lakh from Piplod area. The electricity users were using various techniques such as tampering with electricity metres, direct connection from overhead wires and from the supply lines of DGVCL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "14790124", "title": "Woman refuses to marry, brother kidnapped", "text": "NADIA: A Class-VIII student was reportedly abducted by his neighbour in Nadia's Ranaghat area on Sunday after his sister turned down a proposal to marry him. Both the boy and the accused have not yet been traced, said police.The victim's sister, Beauty Biswas Das, 25, got married six years back. But she had separated from her husband and had been living at her parents' house in Raghabpur for the past two years. The accused, Sashadhar Biswas, a hawker, was in good terms with Beauty's family.Locals said that after Beauty's father Tulshiram died three months ago, Sashadhar, who is also married, started pressuring her to get married to him. But Beauty refused.On Sunday morning, her brother went missing. In the afternoon, she received a call from an unknown number. \"The caller warned me that if I do not agree to marry Sashadhar they will kill Tapas,\" said Beauty. She then lodged a complaint with Ranaghat police.As a house wife, who does not stay with her hubby since last two years due to lack of understanding, did not respond to the pressure of a neighbouring man to marry him, the man allegedly abducted her minor brother. While the boy is still missing, the alleged man is absconded. It happened at Habibpur - Raghabpur under Ranaghat Police Station in Nadia on Sunday, police said.Beauty Biswas Das (25) was married about 6 years ago. But due to lack of understanding with her husband, she returned to her father's place at Raghabpur two years ago. Since then she has been staying here.The house of Beauty's father Tulshiram Biswas situated at Raghabpur Christanpara. Sashadhar Biswas, a married man of neighbouring opporpara had a good relationship with Tulshiram. Tulshiram died three months ago. Sashadhar was used to go to Tulsiram's home since before wed of Beauty. According to local sources, since then he nourishes an attraction to Beauty.As Beauty has been staying at her father's place since last two years, the desire of Sashadhar grew again. After the death of Tulshiram, Sashadhar started to pressurize Beauty to marry him. She refused. She works in a local Pharmacy.Beauty has a brother known as Tapas. He is a class eight student of Fulia Siksha Niketan in Nadia. He has gone missing since Sunday morning.Beauty received a phone call from unknown person on Sunday afternoon stating that she should meet Sashadhar and assure to marry him. Otherwise they might lose Tapas.\" The phone caller warned me that if I do not respond to their order, they will kill Tapas,\" Beauty said. She then lodged a complaint with Ranaght Police. Suspected, Sashadhar has the hand in the abduction of Tapas. Police raided the house of Sashadhar Biswas , a hawker on Monday. But he was absconded, police said.Tapas is still missing. His mother Rupa Biswas who is a weaving labourer, was dumbfound for the mishap.Beauth has an unmarried sister too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14790508", "title": "AIADMK woman found dead at home in Taramani", "text": "CHENNAI: P Banumathi (50), a member of the AIADMK women's wing, was found dead in her house in Taramani on Monday night.Her husband Pasupathi, an MTC employee, found her dead in the bedroom when he returned from work and called police. Personnel from the Taramani police station rushed there and sent the body to the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital for autopsy.Adyar deputy commissioner of police R Sudhakar, Saidapet assistant commissioner of police P Deivasigamani and other senior officers visited the scene. Experts lifted fingerprints from the house.There was no sign of any injury on the body except for a line of dried blood from the nose, police said adding that the woman may have been strangled. Senior police officers who made an inspection of the murder scene, said there were some signs of a struggle on the bed. There were no signs of any valuables missing from the house. The jewellery on her body was intact. \"This may not be a murder for gain,\" a police officer said.Initial inquiries by police, after questioning some of the slain woman's neighbours, revealed that Banumathi and her husband often quarreled over trivial issues. Police have taken Pasupathi into custody for questioning. The Taramani police registered a case under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14788990", "title": "One caught with ganja at Margao", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao police arrested Shashi alias Sunil alias Sagar Saini, a native of Panipat in Haryana, late Monday night at Malbhat in Margao after he was found to be in possession of 258gm ganja, worth approximately 25,000.Margao PI Sudesh Naik said that the 24-year-old accused, who was nabbed near the Konkan Railway line, was \"staying temporarily at the Margao railway station\".Further investigations are being carried out under the supervision of SDPO Mohan Naik. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14791434", "title": "41-year-old commits suicide", "text": "LUDHIANA: A 41-year-old man reportedly committed suicide on Sunday by hanging himself with a ceiling fan at his house in Dugri. Ravinder Kumar was running a confectionery store in the area. SHO, Dugri, Bant Singh said, \"He was under debt and took the extreme step because he was depressed.\" Kumar is survived by his wife and three children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14789177", "title": "Industrial tie-up to revive sick units", "text": "NASHIK: To boost industries by providing them with business opportunities from firms overseas and revive defunct plants with the help of companies planning to invest in the city, the Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) has tied up with Mumbai-based Mindspring Advisors Pvt Ltd (MAPL), a corporate finance advisory firm, to offer consultancy services.This decision was taken at a meeting between NIMA office-bearers and MAPL officials. It was decided that a joint initiative be taken to revive sick and closed units in Nashik with help from foreign investors and technical consultants.NIMA president Dhananjay Bele, Mindspring senior official Rishikiesh Shintre, NIMA secretary Manish Kothari, treasurer Mangesh Patankar, former president Narendra Hirawat and chairman of NIMA's sub-committee on power Milind Chincholikar were present at the meet.Bele said, \"Nashik has emerged as one of the fastest developing cities in the country and as an industrial destination. Industries have to face various problems and tough competition while expanding the business. We have tied up with MAPL to make advanced technology at international levels available to local industries and help those companies which have good quality production and market but are closed due to various reasons like finance etc.\"MAPL official Rishikesh Shintre on the occasion said that his organization is a corporate finance advisory firm and is engaged in providing assistance to industries in achieving business growth and revive closed industries with the help of investors in the country as well as overseas.Nashik has about 3,000 industrial units in the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation's Satpur and Ambad industrial areas, out of which 2,700 are micro, small and medium enterprises. About 150 industrial units are defunct due to various reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14789773", "title": "Uttar Pradesh Police fails to track 2 \u2018missing\u2019 cops", "text": "LUCKNOW: At a time when the country is spending Rs 2,000 crore on Crime &amp; Criminal Tracking Network &amp; Systems (CCTNS) to help access the current status of any criminal from any police station in the country, the Union ministry of home affairs (MHA) and the Uttar Pradesh Police (UPP) are clueless about its two IPS officers who have been 'missing' for almost four years now. There is no official word about their resignation and their names continue to be on the list of officers shown as 'absent'.One of the officers\u2014Dawa Sherpa\u2014is a native of Darjeeling and had even bagged a ticket from the BJP to contest the 2009 Lok Sabha polls from there. The other officer, Kiran J Jadhav, is an MBBS who gave up his stethoscope to serve the nation as a police officer. When TOI asked about their whereabouts, both the UPP and the MHA officials were clueless. The officers are of 1991 batch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "14792557", "title": "Man alleges foul play in techie-son's drowning", "text": "MANDYA: The alleged drowning of IBM techie Manjunath M, 27, has taken a new twist with his father, Muniraju, alleging foul play. Manjunath and his five colleagues, all from Bangalore, had gone on a weekend picnic to Keretonnur Lake near here. Manjunath drowned while swimming with his friends on Sunday. The body is yet to be recovered. Although jurisdictional Pandavapura police registered a case of unnatural death, Muniraju lodged a complaint, seeking investigation if there was any foul play.Investigating officers said no arrests have been made and foul play is only an allegation. \"We're searching for Manjunath's body. We have neither arrested nor taken his friends into custody. We only kept them in the police station for their security and will hand them over later to their parents. We'll ascertain the cause of death after we retrieve the body,\" said Panadavapura sub-inspector Lakshmegowda.Kaushalendra Kumar, superintendent of police, Mandya said an investigation will be conducted but the priority now is to find the body.Friend denies itA resident of Akshayanagar, near TC Palya in Bangalore, Manjunath and his friends were working with IBM's global service section in Bangalore.A friend of his said the death was an accident and there were no reasons to suspect foul play. \"Soon after the incident, they informed us that Manjunath had drowned. Those who went with Manjunath were his good friends and there were no differences among them. Suspecting foul play wrong. Perhaps his father lodged a complaint out of grief and frustration. We'll try to convince his father about our cordial relationship with Manjunath,\" said a friend in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14789478", "title": "Winged visitors flock to Danapur Cantonment area", "text": "PATNA: It is monsoon time again and rain has rejuvenated the cantonment area of Danapur as the season has brought along with it a huge flock of migratory birds. In fact, the sub-area of the Cantonment has turned into a bird watchers' delight. The tall, huge trees are now home to a large number of Asian Open Bill Storks, popularly known as Jhangils, and will remain so for the next four-five months. As such, the area has virtually turned into a bird sanctuary.Many residents call these migratory visitors as 'Siberian Cranes'. However, keen bird watchers and ornithologists say that though these birds belong to the family of cranes, they are not Siberian. \"They are basically Open Bill Storks, who migrate from different Asian countries, especially during the monsoon, in search of wetlands. It is the habitat need that compels these migratory birds to cover miles,\" said Prof M K Sinha, head of the department of zoology in Ranchi University and active member of the National Environmentalists Association. However, with the passage of time, the number of these visiting storks is fast dwindling and they are considered endangered, Sinha added.\"These storks are the most welcome visitors to the Cantonment area as their arrival heralds the onset of monsoon. Jhangils choose the Cantonment area as they find a doting host in the Indian Army unit stationed here,\" said an old resident of the locality, Uday Kumar. In fact, these storks or Jhangils have been flying down here for centuries as they find a safe haven here. Not only the Armymen, even civilians of the area consider them auspicious as they bring rain and prosperity. No one ever tries to harm them, he said.Another environmentalist and keen bird watcher, Abhik Sarkar, who hails from Danapur area and is at present associated with Indian Environmental Society said, \"These storks are indeed wonderful creatures. They always fly to different places every year for nesting. Once their eggs are hatched, they fly back to their native place with the onset of winter. These birds are usually seen alone or in groups of five to eight, probing in muddy waters for something to eat. From what I've seen, snails, earthworms and other insects are their favourite food here.\"Cantonment officials have marked out the specific area which is a favourite of Jhangils as an ecological park. Any human activity and movement of vehicles is restricted there to ensure safety of these migratory birds.\"We try our best to protect these birds from poaching. Many of the Army jawans also feed them regularly. If any of these birds are injured, we even make special arrangements for their nursing. In fact, I have never seen any resident of the locality or even a rank outsider harming these birds,\" said an Army colonel, Naveen Kumar.It may be mentioned here that the Danapur Cantonment is one of the oldest cantonments in the country. During the British regime, a special doctor used to be deployed here to take care of these migratory birds, sources in the army said.\"The accumulated rainwater in the area results in breeding of small fish, which serve as prey for Jhangils. They also find plenty of fish in the nearby Ganga,\" said another local, Tarun Shankar, a retired college teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14787904", "title": "Murdered woman identified", "text": "NAGPUR: The woman, who was found murdered in a drain behind Maharajbagh on Sunday morning, has been identified as Aparajita Raipure and learnt to be in her teens. Aparajita's stepmother had gone to Sadar Police Station to lodge a missing complaint. She was directed to Sitabuldi Police Station where the murder was registered.Aparajita was found with several stab injuries on her neck. According to sources, Aparajita had fled from her Sadar residence on a couple of occasions and was staying with her grandmother. Her grandmother and stepmother approached police as Aparajita had not turned up for many days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14787637", "title": "Muslims meet senior cop to air grievances", "text": "MUMBAI: In a bid to get an idea of the griveances Muslims may have about various aspects of governamce, additional commissioner of police Naval Bajaj (special branch) has begun interacting with community members. The first such meeting was held at Azad Maidan's Police Club Hall on Monday; similar sessions are planned in Bandra-Kurla Complex and Chembur.Monday's meet saw grievances and complaints fly in thick and fast even as Bajaj and a team of his subordinates jotted down them. The demands included acquittal of the accused in the 2006 Malegaon blasts case (who are currently on bail), better representation of Muslims in the police, no more police training in Israel, stopping the harassment of traders who bring cattle to the Deonar slaughterhouse during Bakri Eid and the appointment of Muslim officers in areas where the community has a sizeable population. Besides activists and ordinary citizens, former minority commission chairman Naseem Siddiqui and MLA Amin Patel, too, shared their views.Concerns were also raised over the slow progress in some pending cases.A number of questions dealt with issues like tardy pace of judiciary and latches in the child labour act. Taj Qureishi of Nagpada wanted Bajaj to tell the government to expedite the cases which have been running for years.Many demanded that if the state was serious about increasing Muslims' representation in the police, it should reserve a few seats for candidates who know Urdu. \"Give 10% reservation to Urdu-knowing candidates,\" said retired ACP Shamsher Khan Pathan, who heads the Awami Vikas Party.Replying to the demand for simplifying the police recruitment exam, Bajaj said: \"Earlier, the essay paper in Marathi was a big stumbling block for Muslim candidates. That paper has been dropped and only objective-type questions are asked in the police recruitment exam. Besides, as there is no interview, chances of discrimination have also diminished.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "14790949", "title": "Badly planned layouts submerge in water", "text": "KARWAR: Stagnation of water in residential areas on the outskirts of the city is causing problems for people. Unplanned and haphazard construction of buildings is said to be the root cause of these problems. Officials of Karwar City Municipal Council (CMC) on Saturday visited places which are marooned in Baad area of Karwar.For many years these lands were open farmlands and rainwater was flowing through these lands to reach the sea. But later these farmlands were converted into the plots and sold. Those who purchased these lands have built compound walls by filling the lands with red soil. This has become a hindrance in the flow of rainwater and the areas surrounding such lands are marooned during monsoon. The houses in these areas are being submerged.People blame the CMC authorities and officials Karwar Development Authority for lack of plans in city development and allowing constructions in violation of rules.They said that the drainage built by the CMC by spending cores of rupees has been rendered useless due to these unplanned constructions.On Saturday the officials visited Padribag, Habbuwada and Gunagiwada areas of Karwar and assured people that action would be taken to clear the water stagnating in the residential areas. People alleged that stagnation of water has led to generation of mosquito menace and they feared that epidemics like dengue and malaria may spread in the area. The CMC officials said suitable action would be taken soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14791121", "title": "Muda officials at loggerheads", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore Urban Development Authority (MUDA) chairman L Nagendra and commissioner C G Betsurmath have fallen out with each other over the visit of a senior bureaucrat.The issue has now taken a twist with the commissioner contesting the assertion of Nagendra that he was kept in the dark about the inspection by urban development secretary P N Srinivaschari.In an unusual move, Betsurmath on Monday released a press release to explain his side.\"I personally informed the chairman about the visit of the secretary and told him that he will start the inspection from 9 am. I'd called him on his cellphone and conveyed the message. But I don't know why he is making allegations against me,\" he stated.On Sunday, when Srinivaschari was inspecting a housing complex constructed under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) with the commissioner, Nagendra, a BJP leader, who was appointed chairman to the urban local body 16 months ago, arrived at the spot and questioned Betsurmath. He accused the official of keeping him in the dark about the secretary's visit and complained to the secretary. But the commissioner claimed Nagendra was informed about the visit on Saturday.\"I called him on his cellphone and told that the secretary is planning an inspection on Sunday at 9 am and he said he will meet him,\" Betsurmath said. \"I've updated the chairman about all issues till now and have cooperated with him. I've not done any mistake. Even then the chairman is making baseless allegations against me,\" Betsurmath stated.When contacted, Nagendra said he was not informed about the visit.\"Let him prove that he did keep me in the loop. It is the duty of the commissioner to keep me informed about the inspection by the secretary. Why can't the commissioner inform me about the secretary's inspection to the MUDA? If such attitude continues, I'll send a complaint to the urban development department,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14786529", "title": "Abu Jundal: From changing places to changing names", "text": "NEW DELHI: Syed Zabiuddin Ansari, the key 26/11 handler was given eight different aliases by Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT) leadership since his induction in the outfit till his stay in Saudi Arabia, which also suggests that the organisation used more than one Quniyat (nickname) for its operatives.Interestingly, while in Pakistan, Ansari's famous alias was 'Daud'. Sources say that Ansari had two accommodations in Karachi's Hyderabad Colony and Rawalpindi's Sama Garden area where gunmen were posted in his security, to make him look like a gangster was living in the area.Times of India has found out about all the aliases Ansari was given in Lashkar-e-Toiba for different occasions and places, which he has disclosed during his interrogation with the Delhi Police and Intelligence officials. According to the sources, Ansari's name for the training programmes of Lashkar-e-Toiba was 'Abu Jundal' and when he became a favourite in the organisation; his first identity card was made in the name of \"Asis Asrar\".For his stay and travelling, he was given the name 'Daud' and ISI officers also used to call him by this name. In 2007, when he visited a gulf country and then went back to Pakistan via Dhaka (Bangladesh), one ISI officer received him at the airport, who reportedly gave him the name 'Daud', said a top source.After 26/11, his name was changed to 'Abu Ikrama' but since there was a sudden crackdown on Lashkar members, he was asked to hide and given a new alias 'Bhatti', said the source. In 2009, his passport and National Identity Card was made in the name of 'Riyasat Ali', showing him a resident of Sheikhupura in Mudrike. ISI officers had helped in making these identities for him, which were used by him to flee to Saudi Arabia.For his activities, he needed to be in touch with Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi and ISI officers from Saudi Arabia, so he was given a new name 'Azam Khan', especially for the email conversations and his email ID, say sources. Sources add that Ansari stayed in Qatar as well for a while where he used the alias 'Rashid'.In all his names, investigators have found the name Daud most interesting. \"He was made to look like a gangster in 2007. He was given a house in Karachi's Hyderabad Colony, which is interestingly also very close to Clifton Road locality in Karachi where underworld don Dawood Ibrahim has a house. Then, after sometime, he was taken to Rawalpindi by a ship with the same name and given a house in Sama Garden locality, close to which Dawood Ibrahim has reportedly his another house. This house also bore a look like a fortress as several guards were deployed with guns there for his safety. We are trying to verifying from him whether it was to pose him as Ibrahim only,\" said a top source.In another development, the Delhi Police will be writing to Interpol asking for details of Ansari's Pakistani SIM card. A source said \"we will seek SIM card of Jundal from FIA of Pakistan through Interpol. This SIM card was in the name of Riyasat Ali and he used the same during his stay there in Pakistan\". Delhi Police had already obtained details of three SIM cards which he used in Saudi Arabia through diplomatic channels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14786603", "title": "MUHS making efforts to improve medical education", "text": "NAGPUR: Efforts are being made at various levels to improve the medical education scenario in the country. Be it increasing the number of seats for certain courses, improving infrastructure in colleges or bringing changes in the examination pattern, academicians are doing their bit.Vice-chancellor of Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS), Nasik, Dr Arun Jamkar, who was in the city to attend the installation ceremony of the new team of Indian Medical Association, Nagpur chapter, elaborated on efforts being taken by MUHS in this regard.\"This year itself, we have sent notices to 100, out of the 311 colleges in the state, for insufficiencies pointed out by the local inquiry committees. Most of these were quickly rectified,\" informed Dr Jamkar. Many of these colleges were functioning with staff strength of under 60 per cent, whereas the minimum staff requirement for a college to be affiliated to the university is 80 per cent, he added.MUHS is taking help of technology to avoid instances of paper leaks that have been plaguing other universities. \"Soon, we will be introducing a system wherein the papers would be set only an hour prior to the exam and would be sent to the respective centres through secure computer networks. This security will be further enhanced by using techniques like biometric identification and floating passwords,\" said Dr Jamkar. The papers relayed to the systems in the centres will then be printed 30 minutes before the exam on high speed printers. The entire procedure will be outsourced to professional companies, he added.Dr Jamkar, who has always advocated development of soft skills among doctors, has also introduced several courses for this purpose. Not only has a course in communication been introduced for the medicos, but also one in health care management. \"There is a three-module course to train doctors on how to behave with patients. Many teachers in the state have been already given training. Another course for senior doctors, who have to double up as administrators, has been designed. The course conducted by management professionals has already started in Pune and will soon commence in other cities too,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14788079", "title": "Man gets 7-year jail for raping minor", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a man to seven years rigorous imprisonment for raping a minor girl after promising her that he would marry her.Additional sessions judge Suresh Chand Rajan held 30-year-old Vijay Kumar , an UP native, guilty for rape on the basis of the victim's deposition that he had committed the \"wrong act.\"\"I am of the view that she (victim) had made consistent statements and specifically made allegation against the accused that he had committed the wrong act with her,\" the judge said, while sentencing the convict and also imposing a fine of Rs 6,000 on him.The case against Kumar was lodged in May 2010 by the victim's father, a sweetmeat shop owner, who alleged that his employee Kumar has kidnapped his 15-year-old daughter.Kumar was subsequently arrested on May 15, 2010 by police at Bhatinda in Punjab and the abducted girl too was recovered from him and the two were brought to Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14787065", "title": "Teesta Setalvad didn\u2019t tutor witnesses: HC", "text": "For social activist Teesta Setalvad it was a clean chit from the Bombay high court. The defence team had accused the activist of bringing the four witnesses to the Mumbai court and tutoring them. The high court however refused to believe that the four accused were tutored. ``It cannot be forgotten that an application was filed by Zahira Shaikh resulting in a retrial in Mumbai,'' said the court pointing out that Teesta had intervened in the plea.The court said that Teesta probably wanted to ensure that the four accused were produced before the court in Mumbai. ``It cannot be said that the witnesses were tutored,'' adding, \"No other motive can be attributed to Teesta.''When TOI contacted Teesta, the activist said: \"We were interested in the process ensuring a fair trial. The fact that four have been convicted by the high court when all were acquitted in Vadodara has justified our stand. We must also understand that none of the injured bakery worker witnesses were even brought forward by the prosecution in Vadodara and the prosecutor functioned in a partisan manner. As for the campaign against us it was vicious and motivated by powerful forces who wish to impede our legal aid assistance to the victims of the Gujarat carnage.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14785475", "title": "It's OK to break down, to let it all out: Federer", "text": "LONDON: Roger Federer's timing was exquisite, as always. The seven-time Wimbledon champion arrived on the dot at the back-rooms of the All England Club for an exclusive interaction with select media.Pics: Federer wins seventh Wimbledon titleIt had been a night of much celebration and little sleep but the once and newly returned world No. 1 looked none the worse for wear. And he was quick to acknowledge that given the magnitude of the stakes for both finalists, it was always going to be a tearful affair, either for him or Andy Murray .The Swiss superstar, who has often wept after both wins and losses, didn't shed too many tears on Sunday night. But he insisted that it was fine for grown men to cry, \"To show you are human, that your heart can be broken too\".On the morning after his \"most special\" Grand Slam victory, Federer said, \"When you cry, you communicate with fans. I think they appreciate the fact that we care about winning and losing, we care about what they feel. I think all of us players are happy to play the tennis, hold the trophy, sign a few autographs and leave the arena. The difficult part is the speech, especially knowing that 15,000 people are feeling bad for you. So, it's OK to break down, to let it all out.\"Federer said everything that he had gone through in the last two-and-a-half years, all the times he had lost matches he should've won, after having match points and leading by two sets to love, as at Wimbledon last year, had prepared him for Sunday's final.\"You learn from those situations, you also know that the more you put yourself in positions where you can go through and win the title, it's only a matter of time. Yesterday, when leading two-sets-to-one and a break up, I was ready for it, I could almost taste the win, but I also needed to be respectful of Andy's situation of how the crowd was feeling. I thought it was a great final, one of the biggest of victories for me,\" he said.The 30-year-old, whose 3-year-old twin daughters Charlene Riva and Myla Rose watched the trophy presentation ceremony on Centre Court with wife Mirka, said he was thankful for that precious moment. \"In the middle of all that craziness, we got that intimate, family moment for which I am really grateful.\"Federer, who qualified for the ATP's season-ending championships with Sunday's win, will take a short break from tennis before he begins preparations for the Olympics, at the All England Club, starting July 28.The most decorated player in men's tennis said, \"For me, the tournament I remember first as a child has always been Wimbledon. So that was a goal for the season, the Olympics is one of my three goals for the year. It's a whole different tournament compared to these two weeks, it's best of three sets, so the dynamics change, especially in the early rounds. I want to win, to do well for my country and I also want to enjoy the Olympic experience.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14788415", "title": "HIV scare in Mumbai as funds dry up", "text": "MUMBAI: An HIV scare looms large over Mumbai as regular supply of condoms, syringes and medicines to tackle the deadly virus has nearly dried up in its most vulnerable pockets. Twenty-one NGOs (non-governmental organizations) and 13 community-based organizations (CBOs) that handle a total of 52 intervention projects for the city's population at highest risk of contacting and spreading HIV have not received central government funds since April.This blow comes at a time when already close to 60,000 of the 4.20 lakh individuals in the state afflicted with HIV are living in the city. Although its prevalence in the general population has been on a decline, the graph has only been rising for the high-risk groups.The crunch in funds has directly affected efforts made by agencies to protect an estimated 2.34 lakh high-risk individuals. They include female sex workers (FSW), transgender individuals, men having sex with men (MSM), intravenous drug users (IDU), truckers and migrants. Currently, HIV prevalence among FSW is as high as 27%, 18% in IDUs, 12% in MSM and 30% in the transgender population.Following the fund crisis, most NGOs and CBOs have been forced to downsize their workforce and a few have even completely stalled their work. Funds allocated to each project vary from Rs 9 lakh to 20 lakh, depending on its reach. Without the money, most organizations have been unable to pay their staffers, and have defaulted on the rents and electricity bills. The worst hit are some former sex workers-turned-outreach workers and -peer educators, who have had to go back to their old ways to support their families.TOI came across one such outreach worker from Malwani who said she waited for two months for her salary of Rs 7,000 to arrive. \"On the third month, I had no choice but to do the only work I knew,\" said the worker, who is associated with a CBO that caters to the transgender population. As an outreach worker, her job is to visit brothels to distribute condoms and inform new entrants about prevention.A Ghatkopar-based NGO told TOI that they were struggling to even purchase stationery for daily use while a south Mumbai CBO that works with MSM said they had to take huge loans to meet ends. Eldred Tellis, director of Sankalp Rehabilitation Trust, said he had to borrow approximately Rs 7.5 lakh from his trust's buffer to sustain three IDU projects. \"Though bigger NGOs can sustain for a while, smaller organizations are finding it extremely difficult to cope,\" he said.Ashok Row Kavi, founder-chairperson of Humsafar Trust, also said three of his MSM projects were badly hit. \"Without paying salaries, how can I expect my volunteers to be present at the site and distribute condoms everyday? This (fund crunch) has created a dent in the measures taken so far and an increase in HIV prevalence is likely,\" he said.Dr Balkrishna Adsul, additional project director of Mumbai District Aids Control Society ( MDACS), said, \"The delay was from NACO's end. But funds have arrived now and we have started disbursing it already.\" He also said the crunch at the Centre could be caused by the drying up of money from global agencies. Geneva-based Global Fund (GF) had announced stoppage of funds till 2014 for diseases, including HIV, in India.Dr Neeraj Dhingra, deputy director general, NACO, said he would check how and why the crunch happened. \"There is sufficient money to fund projects as long as NGOs are clear with their records,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14791399", "title": "CBI ex-chief says agency needs functional independence", "text": "PUNE: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), which functions just like any other government wing, needs functional independence like that of the Supreme Court, former CBI director Joginder Singh said on Monday.He said people expect miracles from the CBI, but the agency is faced with major constraints like shortage of manpower and other support machinery. While there is no shortage of funds to overcome the constraints, \"there is lack of political will to put things right\", Singh said.Speaking on the \"autonomy of the CBI\" at a function organised by the Pune chapter of the Public Concern for Governance Trust, Singh said that with political pressure and lack of facilities, the CBI cannot function independently.\"The post of the CBI director is a high-profile and high-pressure job. One meets the prime minister frequently,\" he said. He related several of his experiences of political interference in investigations of corruption cases.Citing Union home minister P Chidambaram's comments that the police system is the most abused and outdated and that self esteem is low in the police department, Singh said that things are the same for the CBI as well. \"There are no basic facilities and the CBI is ill-equipped, just like the police are when they face a situation like the 26/11 attacks in Mumbai,\" he said.There is shortage of manpower and machinery required to carry out investigations. \"The CBI is answerable to the court as well as the government. It is just like any other government wing. There is a need to give functional independence to the CBI just like the Supreme Court,\" he said.Singh said that several cases have been pending for the last 20 years. \"We need more judges. There is a need to strengthen the system,\" he said. Singh added that sting operations should have legal validity, and that everyone should have the right to carry out such operations.Former state director general of police B G Misar gave the welcome address, while former intelligence bureau director V G Vaidya presided over the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14787588", "title": "New IT policy to focus on local sourcing: Sachin Pilot", "text": "CHENNAI: Union minister of state for communication and IT Sachin Pilot said on Monday that the new IT policy was almost ready and would contain provisions to involve more domestic manufacturing companies in the electronics growth story.\"The draft notes have been finalised,\" said Pilot. \"The value addition needs to go beyond putting some screws and bubble wrapping the product here in India. Some percentage of sourcing must be done locally.\"The electronics market in India is worth $45 billion and is expected to grow to $400 billion in less than 10 years. \"So, the ministry is really focused on electronics manufacturing getting a boost. We want to make sure that domestic firms gain from this growth, which will be mainly driven by domestic demand,\" said Pilot.Pilot, who had earlier said crossholding among telcos may be scrapped, said this would be considered in the new IT policy. \"If I have taken it up, it will be addressed,\" he said.He said that IT exports are likely to reach $300 billion by 2020 but the focus should be on how to take IT to the masses. \"There is no reason why we should restrict ourselves only to export dollars. Businesses should create more local content,\" said Pilot. \"We are looking to get 22 Indian languages the same status. So far, only six languages are allowed for internet domain name registration.\"On banking licence for post offices, he said the ministry has written to the RBI and the matter was under consideration. There are more than 23 crore savings bank accounts in the post offices. He also said there are no plans to change post office life insurance services as they were doing well. In Tamil Nadu, he said the revenue of the postal department increased by around 18% to Rs 882 crore and there are plans to interlink all the post offices in the state.Pilot said that things are still difficult at BSNL on the financial front, although some circles have shown signs of return to profitability. \"Traditional landline business is not giving us any money,\" said Pilot. \"We are looking at more joint ventures although I can't give out more details now. We will also take steps to make management more efficient.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14787383", "title": "Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission to hold public hearings on power cuts", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) has indicated that it would hold public hearings on the road map prepared by Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL) for making the state load shedding free before approving it. However, it did not say when the hearings would be held.MSEDCL's petition for approval of the road map and demand for an interim relief of Rs3,037 crore was held on Monday in Mumbai. On interim relief, the Commission told MSEDCL to modify its tariff petition and include recovery of the amount from consumers as interim relief. The public hearings on the tariff petition will start from Wednesday.MSEDCL is enforcing power cuts based on the principle that any division having less than 34 per cent losses in urban areas and 37 per cent in rural areas will not be subjected to power cuts. However, those above it face power cuts ranging from 5.30 hours to 11 hours in urban areas and from 10 hours to 16 hours in rural areas.As both contentious issues, MSEDCL managing director, Ajoy Mehta, himself represented the company in the hearing. He told the MERC that after the implementation of the new protocol, consumers in high loss areas had started paying up. He further said the Commission that MSEDCL intended to implement power cuts on the basis of 11 KV feeder level losses. When the losses went down, power cuts would be stopped, he stressed.Strongly opposing this, consumer representative, Pratap Hogade, pointed out that this violated MERC's load shedding formula adding that MSEDCL staffers had been assaulted due to such measures.Countering Hogade, Mehta said he had boycotted MERC's committee constituted to prepare the road map and hence had no locus standi. He asked him as to how MSEDCL could reduce theft without such measures. MERC chairman, V P Raja, too asked Hogade to suggest measures to punish power thieves collectively.On interim relief, Mehta said that MSEDCL's financial condition was precarious and it could not wait for the tariff order, which would take at least six to seven weeks. He said that banks had stopped giving loans to the company as it had failed to pay instalments on time. MSEDCL was also defaulting on payments to Mahagenco and Mahatransco, which had affected the finances of the two companies.Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA) in its submission stated that in spite of central government's policy to give open access to consumers having a connected load of more than 1MW, MSEDCL was doing its best not to provide it. VIA urged MERC to issue directives to MSEDCL for complying with this policy.Power trouble*No power cuts in division having less than 34 per cent losses in urban areas and 37 per cent in rural areas*Load shedding in areas with high losses - ranging from 5.30 hours to 11 hours in urban areas and from 10 hours to 16 hours*After new protocol, consumers in high loss areas have started paying up*MSEDCL intends to implement power cuts on the basis of 11 KV feeder level losses*MSEDCL's financial condition bad and banks have stopped giving loans to the company as it had failed to pay instalments on time", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14796716", "title": "Court asks Bhatts to deposit Rs 10 lakh", "text": "In May this year, Mumbai-based writer Kapil Chopra filed a case of plagiarism against the makers of Jannat 2, alleging the Bhatts had stolen his script to make their film. Chopra maintained in court that he had registered his screenplay with the Film Writers Association way back in 2007.In a court hearing last evening, it came to light that Chopra had met Jannat 2 's director Kunal Deshmukh a couple of times when he narrated his story, and even left a bound copy of the script with the director. There was no response.Later, when Chopra saw the promos of the film, he thought his screenplay had been copied to the T, including the plot, dialogues and characters. He met Deshmukh and Mukesh Bhatt but both rubbished his claims after which, he filed a case against the film's makers.After hearing Chopra's complaint, the Bombay High Court has asked the Bhatts to deposit Rs 10 lakh, the amount being for the conditional order that they can release the satellite rights of Jannat 2.Kapil maintains that Jannat 2 is his work. To which Mahesh Bhatt shot back, \"Kapil is in delusion. It is Shagufta Rafique who has written the script. The Court will decide later if Kapil's complaint holds any merit,\" adding, \"The industry needs to be saved from people like Kapil who think that every work of significance is theirs.\"Shagufta simply said, \"Losers always exist. Kapil is one such.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14789778", "title": "Y S Jaganmohan Reddy moves Supreme Court over denial of bail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Y S Jaganmohan Reddy on Monday filed a Special Leave Petition (SLP) in the Supreme Court challenging the dismissal of his bail application by the AP High Court.In the SLP, Jagan said his bail application was dismissed by the high court for the sole reason that he was wealthy and hence could interfere with the process of investigation, influence witnesses and tamper with the evidence. Further, Jagan stated that the high court had held the petitioner guilty when it said: \"This Court is of the opinion that individual right of the petitioner for bail cannot have precedence over larger interests of the society which is stated to have sustained wrongful loss by way of deprivation of public money of larger magnitude for development and welfare of the people of the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14792318", "title": "Pick wisely, save early to benefit", "text": "In India, when it comes to tax planning, a wide diversity is observed. On one hand, most of the rich people have consultants to take care of their tax planning needs, while a large number of not-so-rich ones are hardly serious about it. Each year, a majority of the tax-paying population suddenly wakes up during the last few weeks of March and dumps money into some tax-saving instruments, as told by some X or Y, most claiming to be advisors.Often these people invest in an asset class, such as real estate, where tax savings is not that great. Some of the highly paid knowledge workers don't even have the time to think about taxes, leave alone plan for it. They just leave it to their employer \u2014 they don't even look at their salary slips to see how much tax is being deducted every month. For double-income families, tax planning is still more important as it can save a decent amount every year.While saving for tax, you can take care of your portfolio allocation as well by giving a decent allocation to equity, debt and real estate in your investments. For example, there is no long term capital gains tax in India for equity-related investments. Hence, you can save in equity-oriented mutual funds for your long-term needs, such as a child's education, marriage and retirement. When the goals are reached, you could withdraw the amount without paying any tax and utilize the same for achieving your goals.Instead of renting a house, you may buy one, live and save taxes on the interest and principal paid. If you are a conservative investor or going to retire pretty soon, then you may look at tax-free bonds that are offered by government companies such as IRFC and NHAI. On a pre-tax basis, these bonds offer highly attractive rates (11%-plus per annum), and come with a sovereign guarantee.Conservative investors who want an assured return for their kids' college fund could invest in deep discount bonds offered by institutions such as NABARD in their kids' names. When they become a major, the fund is taxed in the hands of the children \u2014 at which point of time the tax would most likely be nil, because, in all likelihood, he or she won't have any income then.Similarly, a part of the retirement planning could be done effectively through PPF by way of tax free withdrawals, while continuing to invest in PPF.From this year, you could save taxes when you pay for your health check-up. For youngsters, first utilize your 80C benefits and other direct saving options. Then go ahead and identify your goals and appropriate vehicles for investing for the same.Many small and medium business owners take it lightly when it comes to tax planning. Make sure you plan and budget your expenses and investments well in advance to have some more money in your pocket. Although the first quarter of this financial year has passed, it is still not too late to plan your taxes. Go ahead and do it yourself if you have enough financial knowledge. If not, outsource it to someone who is an expert in this field: May be a financial advisor, a planner or a professional tax consultant.The author is director of Chennai-based Prakala Wealth Management", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14788073", "title": "4-yr-old dies after being hit by cement mixer", "text": "MUMBAI: A four-year-old girl died after being hit by a cement mixer on Maharashi Karve Marg at Marine Lines on Monday afternoon. The driver, Sanjay Premlal Dahaye, has been arrested.The incident occurred when the child, Kavya Hemant Benani, was returning home from school with her mother, Alka. A junior kindergarten student, she went to Sunderbai Thackersey Blossom English School at Marine Lines. Every day, Alka walked from their home on Princess Street near Kalbadevi to the school to fetch Kavya, their only child. Alka's husband, Hemant, works in the software section of Wipro at its Belapur unit in Navi Mumbai.On Monday afternoon, Alka, holding Kavya's hand, was crossing the road near Aaykar Bhavan. The police said Alka was a few steps ahead of Kavya when a cement mixer hit the child. Though the vehicle was moving at 20 kmph, it hit Kavya on her head, throwing her to the ground, the police said. But some who claimed to have witnessed the accident, told the police that in the impact, the girl was thrown a few feet away. Passersby took Kavya to Bombay Hospital where she was declared dead on arrival. Meanwhile, people of the area handed Dahaye over him to the Azad Maidan police.\"We have booked the driver for rash and negligent driving,\" said senior inspector of Azad Maidan police station Deepak Dhole. Kavya's body has been handed over to her parents, after autopsy at G T Hospital. The police will also record Alka's statement.According to residents, the road opposite the income tax office is an accident-prone zone. \"Vehicles coming from Churchgate speed, and at times, they do not even obey traffic signals. Hardly any traffic police personnel man the stretch,\" said Bharat Patel, a resident of the area.On Saturday, a 76-year-old woman, Ameena Gurhapurwala, who stayed at Bhendi Bazaar was crushed to death by a truck near JJ hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14788686", "title": "From faulty EVMs to communal speeches, concerns galore", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee has demanded that the election in the state should be held in a single phase. In the memorandum submitted to the election commissioner, Congress said that since Gujarat is a peaceful state, the election should be held on one day, in a single phase. Congress insisted that elections should not be held under in-charge DGP Chitranjan Singh.The Congress also raised doubts over functioning of electronic voting machines. It said that technicians operating EVMs should directly be under the EC instead of the state government. The Congress' representation led by state Congress vice-president Balubhai Patel demanded that officers who are allegedly close to chief minister Narendra Modi should be kept away from the election related work. The party also highlighted the issue of over three lakh state government employees who do not get a chance to vote as they get busy in election-related duties.BJP: The BJP delegation included party general secretary Shankar Chaudhary who insisted on avoiding polls during Navratri and Diwali as there will be low voters' turnout during these festivals. The party also said that in Gujarat traders and businessmen carry large amount of cash during their daily activities. The EC should not mistake common people carrying cash as misuse of funds by political parties. It also demanded that the EC should ensure that there should be uniformity in the orders given by returning officers.Communist Party of India (Marxist): In its representation, the CPI (M) raised doubts over the use of Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs). There have been instances in the past where the EVMS were misused during the local elections. The party also expressed concern about use of black money in the polls.Socialist Unity Centre of India (Communist): SUCI in its representation highlighted the issue of migrant workers who do not figure in the voters' list as they have no photo identity proofs. It also raised concern over the communal speeches during the election meetings. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14797731", "title": "Director Shankar praises Rajamouli", "text": "Sensational director Shankar praised Rajamouli's \"Naan Ee\" (Eega) to the core. The South India's top director had the opportunity to watch the Tamil version of Eega on Sunday (July 8) at Devi Cineplex in Chennai and praised the film to the hilt.Shankar was highly impressed with Rajamouli's screenplay and said that Naan Ee gave him a never before experience and the film was really outstanding. He also left his message 'Super Film' at visitor's book of the movie theater.Well, accolades from such a top director who made VFX rich Robot on par with Hollywood standards, will certainly take Rajamouli and his team to a new high.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14792582", "title": "Will talk to Mamata when she\u2019s ready to talk: Pranab", "text": "KOLKATA: Friends and foes swapped places in Bengal's political firmament on Monday with opposition leaders extending a warm welcome to UPA's presidential nominee Pranab Mukherjee in the assembly and ally Trinamool Congress giving him the cold-shoulder.The role reversal prompted Mukherjee to lob the ball into Mamata Banerjee's court saying, \"I am ready to talk to her as and when she is ready to talk to me.\" The comment clearly indicated that Congress wouldn't stoop any further to placate its temperamental ally. Trinamool Congress, on its part showed no inclination to mend fences and kept up its rhetoric against Mukherjee.\"Pranab Mukherjee should have called her to find out if Mamata Banerjee will talk to him and this requires no mediator. Some people (read Pranab Mukherjee), have a better comfort level with the CPM. But we are not bothered about not receiving an invitation letter nor are we greedy about receiving a call,\" said senior party leader and panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee. \"It is a matter of taste and conscience. There are no ego clashes,\" he added.The minister clarified that the Trinamool Congress has no candidate for the presidential poll. \"Our announced candidate was APJ Abdul Kalam . Our leader Mamata Banerjee will tell us whom to vote for. None of us know about it yet,\" he said.Hostel warden Uma Poddar, who is accused of forcing a Class V girl to lick her own urine, was suspended on Monday. But the action is too little, too late, say guardians. The incident has scared other children of the hostel, too, they say. The charges on Poddar are too light, they say \u2014 a view Bolpur court seemed to share.Poddar has merely been booked for wrongful detention and 'a malignant act that could spread infection' (IPC Sections 343, 269 and 270). The court held that police should have booked her under the Juvenile Justice Act. Bolpur lawyers also feel that such \"torture\" should have been dealt with all seriousness under Section 23 of the Juvenile Justice Act. On the other hand, the parents of the victim face serious charges like criminal trespassing and intimidation, based on a complaint from Visva-Bharati. The university's FIR says that the parents damaged public property when they came to see their \"tormented\" ward at Karabi Girl's Hostel on Saturday night.Visva-Bharati spokesperson Amrit Sen has claimed that they did not mention any parent's name in their compliant but Birbhum SP Rishikesh Meena on Monday said that the complaint mentions \"five names, including those of the girl's parents\". \"We arrested the parents on the basis of the university's complaint,\" he said. When asked about the court's censuring the police for going soft on the accused, Meena said: \"We frame charge on the basis of the complaint. The sections imposed against the hostel warden were based on the compliant lodged by parents. We may include other sections if the court directs us to do so.\"State education minister Bratya Basu is writing to HRD minister Kapil Sibal to take action against those involved in the case. \"The state government does not have jurisdiction over a central university like V-B,\" Basu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14789936", "title": "Gang hired students to kill teacher", "text": "KOLKATA: Five persons, including a Class-XI and a first-year college student, were arrested on Monday in connection with the murder of schoolteacher Barun Biswas, the crusader who had set up the Pratibadi Mancha in 'rape village' Sutia. The Class-XI student is suspected to have fired at Biswas at the Gobardanga railway station on Thursday.Police said that the prime accused in the Sutia gang-rape cases, Sushanta Chowdhury, had plotted the murder from the prison. Chowdhury is currently serving his sentence at the Dum Dum Correctional Home. He met his close associate Shubhankar Biswas about one-and-a-half months back during the hearing of his case at the Bongaon court. During the meeting, he probably instructed Shubhankar to hire contract killers.To implement Chowdhry's plan, Subhankar roped in the first-year BSc student, who studies in a Bongaon college and is reportedly a member of the Trinamool Chhatra Parishad. According to police, the student wanted to study engineering and was in need of money for coaching classes. Shubhankar used this as an opportunity and lured him with \"offers\" that the student could not turn down. To assist him in the act, he took into confidence another student, who studies in a Bongaon school.According to police officers, Shubhankar and the college student met Sushanta at the prison about a month ago. They sealed a \"deal\" in which the two students were promised Rs 3 lakh for killing Barun Biswas. After the contract was finalized, the two youths started working on their plan. According to investigators, the duo had been trailing Barun for about three weeks.\"The duo had tried to kill Barun when the latter had visited a relative at a hospital in Ghola some days ago. But they missed the opportunity as their target was always crowded by others. They then planned to kill him on his way back from school,\" said a police source.Before his death, Barun had given a vivid description of his killer to uncle Atal Biswas. He had said that a young boy who sat beside him in the train had fired at him. The killer got off with Barun at Gobardanga station and fired at him when Barun was about to start his motor cycle. The description given by the victim helped the police nab his killers.Police arrested the five after a night-long raid by personnel from police stations of Gopalnagar, Bongoan, Baduria and Gaighata and the Bongaon GRP. Apart from the two students, cops arrested Shubhankar Biswas alias Photke, Raju Sardar and Biswajit Biswas alias Bisho.\"The case is being registered with the GRP Bongaon. Few people have been arrested during a joint raid by the GRP and our district police. The raid is still on,\" said a senior police official.Earlier, police had arrested Bhim Biswas soon after Barun's murder. Villagers in Sutia, however, said that many accused in the gang-rape case are still roaming freely in the village.\"The likes of Amit Poddar alias Bablu are still roaming freely in the area. Unless all the gang members are arrested, we fear the gang will reorganise,\" said a rape victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14789809", "title": "Fight in KMK continues with another sacking", "text": "COIMBATORE: The crisis within the Kongunadu Munnetra Kazhagam is continuing with party general secretary E R Eswaran removing G K Nagaraj from the post of vice-treasurer on Sunday after accusing him of creating divisions within the outfit.Eswaran told TOI that the decision was taken at a meeting of district secretaries held at Attur in Salem on Sunday. Nagaraj created divisions within the party by giving wrong advice to party president Best S Ramasamy, he said. \"Our party secretaries told me that they cannot accept the leadership of Best Ramasamy. Some political parties used some leaders to split our party. The secretaries strongly believed that Nagaraj created confusion in our party and we have removed him from the post,\" Eswaran said.He added that Ramasamy, instead of speaking to district secretaries when the news spread that they were boycotting him, gave statements to the media and created confusion.Eswaran claimed that all the state-level and district-level party leaders were united and the party would not split. \"But we will take action against the leaders who created confusion. The general body meeting will be held in September and the date and place are yet to be decided,\" Eswaran said.Meanwhile, Nagaraj denied the allegations and claimed that the general secretary (Eswaran) was trying to sideline most of the party leaders, which shows that the party is going in wrong direction. \"I am not ready to accept party being saddled by a single person,\" said Nagaraj. He said the party got seven lakh votes when the fought the election together. He claimed that he was neither a supporter of the president or the general secretary and didn't want the party to split.Ramasamy and Nagaraj will address the media on Tuesday at Red Cross conference hall in the city.Our party secretaries told me that they cannot accept the leadership of Best Ramasamy. Some political parties used some leaders to split our partyER Eswaran | general secretary, KMK", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14788446", "title": "SUV theft: Youth nabbed by Rajasthan cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Rajasthan police arrested a 21-year-old youth in connection with theft of a Mahindra Bolero SUV on Saturday. A team of Vastrapur police will go to the neighbouring state to get possession of the thief and the SUV.According to Vastrapur police, Virmaram Jat , 22, was caught by Rajasthan police with an SUV without number plates. Police questioned him when he claimed that the SUV was new. However, when the police confirmed it with engine and chassis number, they found it to be from Ahmedabad. They contacted city police, where it was found that a SUV was reported stolen from Gurukul Road with Vastrapur police.\"Jat told police that the SUV was stolen by Omprakash Bishnoi, a contraband supplier from Rajasthan. Bishnoi had been caught by Punjab police and was handed over to Rajasthan police early in June when he managed to flee and came to Ahmedabad. Here, he stole the SUV on June 17 and went to Rajasthan,\" said a cop. tnn He then approached Jat, fresh out from jail, and gave him the vehicle to sell and offered Rs 5,000 commission,\" said a Vastrapur police official.Officials said that after recovery of the vehicle, search for Bishnoi will be commence for vehicle theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14790550", "title": "Share data, the Dropbox way", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Fed up of uploading different files and then sending links to others or of carrying movies or crucial documents in different hard drives, then there is an interesting solution, a web application, 'Dropbox,' available for you.Dropbox makes it easier to share files, texts, movies and songs with others. It is proving very useful in small set-up offices, clubs and organizations. It does away with the need of personally sending an e-mail or text to different individuals and allows the user to share files with others who also have an active Dropbox account.\"It is an interesting application. And we can use it on our computer as well as on smart-phones. My elder sister, who is living in Germany puts latest songs and Hollywood movies in the Dropbox and we access them while sitting here in Chandigarh,\" said Rohini Brar, 20, an Arts student at a city college. All it takes is to create an account by logging on to www.dropbox.com and it is all free. After creating an account, one can add more persons to his network of Dropbox and can also send references to others to join this platform.One can create a Dropbox folder on your computer and can put any kind of data in it. It supports almost all operating systems and is a secure option.\"I am using this application to deal with my clients across the city. I have added all my regular clients on Dropbox and just mention about new variants and features of my products on it. It is proving to be a big marketing tool for my business,\" said Varun Verma, an entrepreneur manufacturing electronic appliances here.Free space from 2 GB to 18 GB:Dropbox account offers an initial free space of 2 GB and one can use it for as long as he wants. Besides one can also gain more space by making references. Free space can go up to 18 GB, while 500 MB free space is allotted per referral.Besides, there are individual pro-plans offering 50 GB, 100 GB space and there are also team accounts starting at 1 TB space. These plans are paid ones and one can make online payment for these.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "14789301", "title": "Link road clears hurdle after 9 years", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Offering relief to commuters going from Greater Noida towards Ghaziabad and Meerut, the Greater Noida Authority and Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA) claim to have finally cleared the \"last major hurdle\" to the 22km-long and 130m-wide link road between Holland Factory area in Greater Noida and NH-24, Ghaziabad.The Greater Noida Authority has now allotted 7.71 acres to GDA for rehabilitating those whose land was acquired for making way for the link road. The allotment was approved in the Authority's 92nd board meeting on Monday.According to Authority CEO, Rama Raman, while the construction work on most of the 22km stretch of the link road is already complete, construction of around 1.5km has remained stuck for almost nine years now. While several factors, ranging from farmers' protest to lack of funds, have contributed to the delay of the ambitious project, construction work on the last 1.5km remained suspended because, earlier last year, GDA had claimed that it \"did not have enough land\" since this stretch hosted abadi land for villages like Bahrampur Akbarpur and Chak Birampur. While the authorities had managed to settle the issue with the villagers, GDA did not have land to shift them.GDA has already begun work on the \"design and work details of the pending stretch\" of the link road that will reduce travel time between the two cities to just 20 minutes. With the alternate land allotted close to the villages and approved by the board, officials say that the pending work will resume soon.GDA will now shift these farmers to a new location along Hindon river. Earlier this year, the Greater Noida Authority also released Rs 15 crore to GDA for carrying out the remaining construction work. Once complete, the link road will be completely signal-free.The link road that aims to connect Greater Noida's Sector Zeta to Vijay Nagar in Ghaziabad, will start at the Holland Tractor factory in Greater Noida and pass through Devla, Khodna, Khurd, Khairpur Gurjar, Etaida and Haibatpur before meeting NH-24 near the Vijay Nagar bypass in Ghaziabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14787709", "title": "I have shed my blood in J&K;: Army chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Striking an emotional note, Army chief General Bikram Singh said he had \"shed his blood'' in Jammu and Kashmir , when he was wounded in a terrorist incident there, while interacting with some Kashmiri children on Monday.\"Kashmir Valley is always in my mind. I have shed my blood as I was hit by a bullet while serving there. I have done a number of tenures in that area as I commanded the 15 Corps and the 10 Division and my battalion is also there,'' the Army chief said.Gen Singh promised the children from the Lolab Valley in J&K;, who are visiting different parts of the country under Army's humanitarian Operation Sadbhavna, that he would visit their school whenever he visited the state next.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14788203", "title": "Huge mango tree cut illegally in Ravi Bhavan", "text": "NAGPUR: At a time when government is geared up to take up massive plantation drive, its own officials appear lax in protecting even existing trees. On Monday, a district civil supplies officer Deorao Wankhede allowed felling of a 50-year-old huge mango tree in his quarter in Ravi Nagar under the garb of chopping branches.Naresh Shrikhande, tree officer and garden superintendent of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), says no permission was not taken for felling the tree and the act was in violation of Section 8 of the Maharashtra (Urban Areas) Preservation of Trees Act, 1975. \"We will issue a show-cause notice to the PWD and Wankhede and seize the felled wood,\" Shrikhande said.Sources said Wankhede, who stays in quarter No A 14/1 and is posted in Gadchiroli, was at home when the tree was cut. However, he says he was not and had come to Nagpur to attend a meeting. Wankhede said, \"we wanted to cut some weak branches and asked PWD engineers. They gave us phone number of a contractor who cuts tree in the area.\"However, under the Trees Act, even chopping of branches needs permission from tree officer.Wankhede's wife Vaishali says she had tried to stop the labourers after the branches were cut but they did not pay heed and felled the entire tree. \"The labourers had come to trim branches of roadside trees and we requested them to cut some branches of the mango tree. They felled the entire tree,\" she said.PWD assistant engineers Charudutt Ansingkar and Vidya Lanjewar, who gave the tree contractor's phone number to Wankhedes, washed their hand of the episode saying there was no written request from Wankhedes. \"We never grant permission to fell trees in the area,\" they said. However, residents said trees are routinely cut in Ravi Nagar quarters without seeking NMC permission.Shrikant Deshpande of Nature Nature Conservation Association (NCA), a NGO that has filed PIL in the high court on large-scale tree felling, says as there is no stringent punishment under the Act people have no fear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14789213", "title": "NMC man beat me up: Corporator", "text": "NASHIK: NCP corporator Sanjay Sable of ward 28 was allegedly beaten up by a sanitary worker in the Chowk Mandi area of the city on Monday. The person accused of beating up Sable has pleaded innocence.The Bhadrakali police have registered cross complaints in this regard. In the complaint lodged by Sable, he alleged that around 5.30pm in the Chowk Mandai area of old Nashik, NMC sanitary worker Santosh Salve and some of his associates approached him and started demanding money. Sable said Salve and his associates also pulled out a gun to threaten him. He said passersby noticed the commotion and intervened.However, Salve in his complaint said no such incident had taken place. He said was passing through the Chowk Mandai area when the corporator and his supporters beat him up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14792977", "title": "5-member team to keep BS Yeddyurappa in check", "text": "BANGALORE: The BJP high command is likely to set up a five-member team to vet key decisions of the new administration.The move is aimed at reducing former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's influence on the Jagadish Shettar government, say people familiar with the situation. The team will comprise Shettar, state president KS Eshwarappa, outgoing chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, Yeddyurappa and BJP general secretary HN Ananth Kumar.But such a team may curtail the freedom of new political boss Shettar.The high command may empower the team to decide on cabinet composition and portfolio allocation. This proposal came after over 40 MLAs, mainly supporters of Gowda, met at minister Govind M Karjol's residence on Monday and petitioned the party's Karnataka point man, Dharmendra Pradhan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14791409", "title": "Too posh to wash? Survey says richer men drive dirty cars", "text": "LONDON: Owners of luxury cars like Ferrari are less likely to keep them clean as being wealthier drivers they are \"too posh to wash\" their vehicles, a survey has revealed.According to a survey, rich are more willing to drive dirtier vehicles for longer than poorer but prouder owners who prefer to keep their cars clean and tidy. Only one in 17 car owners from professional and managerial backgrounds wash their vehicle once a week, reveals the survey, compared with one in 12 among lower-income motorists, the Daily Mail said. Only 3% of the 18,080 members surveyed admitted to washing their cars just once a year or not at all, a figure which doubled to 6% among women drivers.The survey showed that drivers in Scotland and north-east England have the cleanest cars, with 11% of owners washing them every week as against just 4% in London and South-West England. The clean-car gap widens even more among those who clean their cars twice a week. Around 1 in 6 of lower-income owners wash their vehicle fortnightly, but only around 11.5% of wealthier owners do so. \"Professionals and managers prefer to wash their cars every couple of months,\" the study said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14790666", "title": "Several trains rescheduled for repair", "text": "CHENNAI: Due to technical repair in the Arambakkam-Tada section, the railways has rescheduled some trains on July 7, 9, 12, 14 and 16.12712 Chennai Central-Vijayawada Pinakini Express, scheduled to leave Chennai Central at 2.05pm, will leave at 2.50pm. The railways will also provide turncated services for some EMU local trains. Mooremarket Complex (MMC) - Sullurpeta EMU local scheduled to leave MMC at 8.30am, will be partially cancelled between Elavur and Sullurpeta. Sullurpeta - Mooremarket Complex EMU local scheduled to leave Sullurpeta at 11.10am, will be partially cancelled between Sullurpeta and Elavur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14787608", "title": "Sangma faces ire of disability bodies", "text": "KOLKATA: Disability organizations and rights activists are furious with presidential candidate P A Sangma's \"derogatory\" comment in Ahmedabad that \"India should have a President who is not blind, dumb and deaf\". While the National Platform for the Rights of the Disabled (NPDR) released a statement demanding an apology, Kolkata-based Sruti Disability Rights Centre shot off an angry fax to Sangma, asking him to withdraw the \"insensitive\" words. On Monday, Chennai-based Vidya Sagar stepped up the heat with a letter to the returning officer for the presidential polls 2012, demanding Sangma's disqualification. The Federation of Tamil Nadu Physically Handicapped Associations also decried his statement.\"We strongly condemn the statements of presidential candidate Mr P A Sangma at Ahmedabad on July 6, 2012, derogatory to the inherent dignity and rights of persons with disabilities. We, the representatives of the disability sector of India, vehemently object to his statements, his views and projecting such views publicly among the masses. We therefore urge you to disqualify Mr P A Sangma,\" Vidya Sagar's letter said.\"It is unbecoming of a person contesting to become the first citizen of the country to express such insensitivity and callousness, even while lashing out at his rival. The language used to deride your rival cannot be tempered with phrases that are clearly derogatory in nature. In a sweeping remark the presidential aspirant has deemed persons with disabilities as being unfit to hold the office of the President,\" the NPRD said in a statement.\"We have already written to P A Sangma, asking him to take back his insensitive comments,\" said Sruti Disability's Shampa Sengupta.Singer-activist Ritika Sahni, who heads Trinayani, a disability welfare trust, called Sangma's statement \"ridiculous\". \"If a person aspiring to be the President can't see beyond the disability of a person and ignore his/her competence and merit, such a bias is bound to get in the way of any issue he takes up,\" said Ritika.\"There remains null hope on him to proactively work for the inclusion of marginalized/vulnerable groups such as disabled people, if he is elected as our President,\" said Vidya Sagar officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14792406", "title": "Osmania and Gandhi medical colleges too 'ill' to take additional seats", "text": "HYDERABAD: Lost in the brouhaha over Medical Council of India (MCI) not giving additional seats to medical colleges in the Telangana region are the crucial reasons behind such a decision. The medical seats issue could have become a 'T' talking point, but going unnoticed in the political din is the poor state of premier government medical colleges, Osmania and Gandhi.TOI finds that Osmania Medical College, that currently has 200 MBBS seats, does not have the required infrastructure to cater to the needs of the existing strength itself, leave alone for additional students. One of the oldest teaching hospitals in the country, it falls far short of the accommodation facility (there are over 1,000 students requiring hostel facility but accommodation is available only for about 450), library, faculty, as well as the hospital infrastructure. It does not have a 24-hour lab facility either. The existing lab too is substandard.While it has a high patient turnout in the emergency wing, monitoring techniques are not available. A chunk of clinical materials that include cotton and betadine are being bought by the poor patients themselves due to inadequate supply. These issues incidentally figure in the criteria that medical colleges need to meet for additional seats.Junior doctors here say that the number of operating rooms has remained the same since its inception but the seats have kept on increasing. This has led to decreased teaching hours for the students, they say. \"If earlier we were operating once in three days now it is once in six days. We oppose this disproportionate increase in the seats,\" says Dr Aditya Vikram, president of the association of junior doctors at Osmania. \"Last year we got Rs 3 crore sanctioned for the hostel but for the last three months the kitchen has been under repair. All undergraduate students are eating outside,\" adds Dr Aditya.If the deficiencies at Osmania were glaring, the MCI authorities rejected the application of Gandhi Medical College without even inspecting the facility. College principal Dr K Venkatesh said the hospital's 150 seats could not be enhanced to 200 because it does not have a daily outpatient turnout of 2,000 patients. \"Gandhi's daily OP turnout is 1,250 patients,\" said Dr Venkatesh. Incidentally, low OP turnout was cited as the reason for not awarding additional seats to the government medical colleges in Guntur and Warangal as well. But even Gandhi is plagued by poor hostel facility and infrastructure for students.Experts rue the lack of initiative on the part of the state government towards its medical colleges. They say that about a year or so ago, the Centre had released about Rs 69 crore for upgrading of infrastructure in medical colleges and had asked the state government to pitch in as well. But till date the amount is still lying unused.Andhra Medical College in Visakhapatnam and Kurnool Medical College were granted 50 additional seats each year by the MCI. The college authorities claim that they had 100% faculty and hostel facilities for the students. Now, these two state-run colleges are on par with Osmania. The three colleges now have 200 MBBS seats each. But some senior doctors contend that almost all the private medical colleges lack on several counts right from poor patient turnout to hugely inadequate faculty but end up getting MCI clearances and demanded an inquiry into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14787171", "title": "Complacent India scrape past South Africa 6-5 in hockey Test", "text": "BANGALORE: Indian hockey's familiar drawbacks of mindless tackles and complacency came to the fore in their practice match against South Africa at La Albericia, Santander on Sunday.The 6-5 verdict in favour of the Indians came after a harrowing time in defence, particularly in the second half of the match where strikers Shivendra Singh (13th, 38th minutes), Dharamvir Singh (19th, 21st), Tushar Khandker (36th) and VR Raghunath (53rd, PS) were on target.South Africa, who scored through Smith (17th PS), Tim Drummond (42nd), Ian Haley (48th) and Justin Reid Ross (67th PC), ran out of time after notching their fifth goal through Austin Smith's penalty corner conversion in the 69th minute.It was a crucial game for chief coach Michael Nobbs as he wanted to see how the players, who had played three games in four days, coped with fitness while playing a team that was fresh.\"We started at our usual tempo and were playing well. We scored early and controlled vast majority of the play. We had it a little bit easier compared to the other games, but whenever you get complacent, things happen and this was just the case here,\" Nobbs said, explaining how the team slipped into errors.The first of the mistakes came when skipper Bharat Chetri was suspended after he took out a rival forward following a counterattack.\"This put us in a bit of disarray as we had rested (the other goalkeeper) Sreejesh for the game. We had to play Ignace (Tirkey) in the goal for ten minutes. We also had a penalty stroke against us for this tackle and they scored so it was 1-1.\"According to Nobbs, some inspired play by Dharamvir during Chetri's suspension fetched India two great field goals in a span of three minutes as the team went into the break leading 3-1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14790022", "title": "Girl may need long-term therapy: Docs", "text": "KOLKATA: The 10-year-old Visva-Bharati student who was allegedly forced to lick her urine is likely to have suffered a trauma that won't be easy to get rid of, say psychiatrists. She could suffer from a phobia which could haunt her till the late teenage years, they feared. The girl needed long-term supportive therapy to lead a normal life, the experts felt.\"This is a traumatic experience which she will never be able to forget. It seems that she suffers from nocturnal enuresis due to which she wets her bed. Such patients find it difficult to hold their urine at night. They need to be handled sympathetically and put through toilet training. Terrorizing them like this could have adverse effect,\" said psychiatrist Shiladitya Ray.A radical punishment like this could affect her self-confidence, felt psychiatrist Amarnath Mallik. \"It shows how intolerant people have become even while dealing with children. This will make her feel guilty and scared though she has no reason to be. The fact that it's being discussed and debated will further affect her morale. Being at the centre of attention for a wrong reason will not help her confidence. She needs all the support and encouragement she can get. It would also be advisable to shift her from the hostel to the more familiar environment of her home,\" said Mallik.The girl could suffer from depression , felt some experts. \"Those who undergo such experiences early in life tend to develop behavioural problems and are likely to shun social life. It could persist till they are in their late teens or early adulthood. Without proper supportive therapy, they could even become neurotic,\" said Ray. He cited the instance of an eight-year-old boy who started stammering after being punished and humiliated in school. \"For a child, this is a torture that could leave an indelible scar. It's a criminal offence,\" he said.State education minister Brtaya Basu said he will urge the Union home ministry to initiate stern action against the hostel warden. \"I can't act directly since Visva-Bharati is a central university,\" said Basu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14791982", "title": "Court's nod to prosecute 3 accused in Sugni Devi land scam", "text": "INDORE: The special session court here on Monday gave its permission to prosecute three accused in the Sugni Devi land scam case. Permission for prosecution of other accused will be given later and court has directed the Lokayukta police to submit challan in the case by September 10, the next hearing of the case is scheduled.Prosecutor of Lokayukta sought more time from the special session judge for the Prevention of Corruption Act cases, Rajeev Kumar Shrivastav, for filing the challan and start prosecution against the remaining accused in the case.The Lokayukta argued in the court that according to the Central Vigilance Committee directive and observation of Supreme Court clearly mentioned that if permission for prosecution is not given by the authorities concerned against their employee, then investigation agencies are deemed to start prosecution after three months from the date of application seeking permission to prosecute them.Now the onus is on Lokayukta to prosecute the accused in the case and submit challan in the case on the next hearing.In the land scam, a plot of land, falling under Sugni Devi premises, was allegedly allotted to a firm, Dhanlaxmi Chemicals at a throwaway price during the term of then mayor Kailash Vijayawargiya, presently the industries minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14791660", "title": "More women in Allahabad may benefit from maternity scheme", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To provide medical facilities to pregnant women and their newborns, the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) has given a proposal to extend the Janani Shishu Suraksha (JSS) scheme for pregnant women in all primary and community health centres of the district.Currently, the facility is only available at two Federal Referral Units -- Karchana and Handia - and Dufferin hospital and once approved, the facility will be available at eight PHCs and 12 CHCs.Additional CMO, NRHM, Dr Chandan Lal told TOI: \"The facility will be extended to all primary/community health centres under the NRHM.\" He added that pregnant women of all 20 blocks of the district can deliver babies, including Caesarean section, in the public health institutions for free.Deputy CMO Dr Vivek Srivatava said \"Under the initiative, pregnant women enrolled under Janani Shishu Suraksha (JSS) scheme will be entitled to free transport from home to the government health facility and also drop-back home after 48 hours of delivery.\"He added that pregnant women will also be provided free medicines and consumables, free diagnostics, free blood whenever required, and free diet for the duration of their stay at the health centre, expected to be three days in case of a normal delivery and a week in case of Caesarean section. The JSS scheme has yielded good results in the district and over 5,500 pregnant women have benefited from it till date. The scheme was launched in the district in August 2011.Dr Chandan Lal said the benefits will also be put in place for sick newborns in public health institutions for healthcare for 30 days after birth. They will be entitled to fee treatment besides free transport, both ways, and between facilities in case of a referral.Both essential and desirable investigations (required) are being conducted free of cost for the pregnant women during ANC, PNC, INC up to six weeks which includes investigations required prior to both normal delivery and Cesarean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "st cruz", "code": "14789263", "title": "A dam calamity in St Cruz", "text": "ST CRUZ: A 100-year old earthen dam in Vhoddlem Bhat with a storage capacity of over 1,500 million litres is flowing to waste for the first time in many decades after a dispute between a tenant, Calapor comunidade and water resources department.Trapped in a hillside with a still pristine lush valley, the unique man-made reservoir of the Portuguese-era, Bondvoll lake or Bondava or Bondovonnchem tollem, as it is locally called, holds enough water to irrigate a sprawling parcel of 120 hectares of agricultural land from Bandh to Four Pillars in St Cruz.Experts believe this public utility reservoir belonging to the Calapor comunidade can easily cater to Panaji's drinking water needs. Spanning about 200m and towering 22m high, the dam with a sluice gate imported from Austria by the Portuguese, holds the flow from perennial aquifers in a vast 26-hectare submergence area.The huge tank keeps the ecology of almost half of St Cruz village with its drinking water wells, coconut groves and other vegetation radiantly green round the year, villagers say. \"The ground water charge extends to a large area and the lake is like a mini wildlife sanctuary, providing a lifeline to a large number of plants, birds, reptiles and mammals,\" Nandkumar Kamat, an environmentalist said.Sources said that the WRD has been considering a proposal to tap the reservoir for agriculture, domestic consumption and tourism utilities. \"It can serve as buffer storage during emergency and at least 10 million litres daily (mld) can be piped to Panaji,\" a source said.With a decline in agriculture leading to wastage of the resource, the dispute over tenancy rights has added yet another dimension to the lake's fate.The trouble flared up after WRD floated a tender on December 17, 2009, to develop the huge tank.The development, included beautification and plugging a leakage from the lake, a source said. The leakage in some part of the dam shrunk the quantity of storage after the monsoon, though it remained constant at a certain level. In April this year, WRD had also filed a police complaint alleging that the sluice gate had been broken and water was flowing waste.No repairs have been carried out after the court order.The Calapor comunidade, an age-old body owning the lake, had issued an approval (NOC) to hand over the tank to WRD in 2008. \"This was like an endorsement of the resolution adopted by gaonkars on July 6, 1979, to hand it over to the government for maintenance,\" a member said.Reacting to the development, Hirabai Kavlekar, the widow of tenant Keshav D'Souza alias Keshav Kavlekar filed a suit before the fast track court, stating that her husband had been declared a tenant by the Tiswadi mamlatdar and prayed that the WRD be restrained from going ahead with the project.The fast track judge, Irshad Agha, granted temporary injunction, restraining the WRD from doing any work in the area pending further hearing and final disposal of the suit.The department challenged the order before the high court of Bombay at Goa. A single-judge bench, comprising Justice F M Reis upheld Kavlekar's tenancy right and dismissed the appeal on January 10, 2012. While doing so, the judge issued direction to the trial court to decide the civil suit (property dispute) on merits by December 31, 2012.Records indicate that Tiswadi mamlatdar had declared Kavlekar a tenant on the basis of his application for claim of tenancy rights. Subsequently, on 10 August, 2005, the joint mamlatdar passed an order declaring that he is tenant of area under 144/1 in a revised order.As per a practice prevalent in other lake areas, the submergence area is auctioned for cultivation after lakes dry up in summer. Kavlekar won the right to cultivate a 550 sq m patch of the paddy field in Bandol in the higher reaches of the dried up lake for a year after he bid in an auction in 1967 held by the comunidade. Earlier, the auction was held annually, but has ceased after the advent of tenancy.\"For the nearly four decades, Bondvoll lake has largely remained filled up,\" Calapor comunidade attorney Mariano Araujo said. The cultivation is carried out only if the submergence area dries up.While comunidade members wait uneasily for the order, the silence of the managing committee in the past, leading to the deadlock over a public property due to a private tenancy dispute extending over the lake's entire submergence area, has baffled some of them.The tenancy dispute pertains to the land under survey no 144/1, which comprises the lake's entire submergence area.\"The previous attorney did not attend court hearings,\" Araujo said. The form one and XIV, as a land record, shows the petitioner holding tenancy rights in 550 sq m, as an occupant.WRD chief engineer S T Nadkarni declined to comment on the issue. \"The matter is sub judice, but such water bodies should be protected,\" he said.The earthern dam was built around 1910. \"The Portuguese started building the Chimbel and Bondvoll lakes around 1908. By 1911, Panaji had tap water from Chimbel,\" says Percival Noronha, a historian from Panaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14789086", "title": "Corporation\u2019s dairy project to reach out to Vilappilsala families", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a move to placate the residents of Vilappilsala, the city corporation is chalking out a project that would provide employment for one member of each family residing near the garbage treatment plant.The project will be included in the list of schemes under 12th five year plan and a sufficient sum will be allocated from the plan fund for the same.The idea is to set up a pig farm and a dairy farm on the vast acreage of garbage treatment plant. Twenty five families living near the factory have already been identified.\"We will recruit one member from each family to be employed either in pig farm or dairy farm. They will be given monthly salary and in future the corporation will have the right to upgrade them as contingent employees. This would mean that they would also be eligible for a monthly pension after retirement,\" said a member of the ruling council.Already the employees of garbage treatment plant have undertaken vegetable farming in almost five acres of land on the factory premises. \"The recruited locals will also be employed in this vegetable farm. This project will be given priority while preparing the estimate for various schemes to be implemented under 12th five year plan,\" the member added.The corporation has also directed the officials to prepare a scheme to effectively utilize the products from pig farming and dairy farming. \"The additional proposal will be prepared in consultation with experts in meat processing and dairy farming. Just like vegetables, the corporation will also market the dairy products from Vilappilsala,\" an official said.The project also aims at serving a dual purpose. Once the pig farm is established, the excreta from poultry farms will be collected and transported to the pig farm. \"This can be used as manure for vegetable farming and also as feed for the pigs,\" he added.The corporation will undertake the project in co-operation with the Vilappilsala panchayat and state government. \"We would need the full assistance of the state government in implementing the scheme. A meeting is soon expected to be convened to discuss the implementation of the project,\" the official said.Already 5,000 plantains and various varieties of vegetables are being cultivated on the vacant areas within the factory premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "jaipur/jodhpur", "code": "14790487", "title": "Rajasthan, a hub for cyber crimes", "text": "JAIPUR/JODHPUR: If the statistics of national crime record bureau are anything to go by, Rajasthan is fast becoming a hub for cyber crimes. The state has registered a 134% increase in cases registered under IT Act in 2011 as compared to 2010. The cyber crime cases registered under IPC sections have registered an increase of 700%. Jaipur has registered a rise of 181.5% during the same period for cases registered under IT Act.The National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) recently released its data on different crimes in the country and in the cases registered in the cyber crimes category during 2011 under the IT Act 2000, a total of 130 persons were arrested. Of them, 77 are in the age group of 18-30 years.Jodhpur has 15 cases of Obscene Publication/Transmission in Electronic Form, just four less than Bangaluru, which has recorded 19 cases under this category for the corresponding period. This places Jodhpur second in this category. As many as 40 cases were reported under this category across the state in 2011. In the list of 88 cities, released by the NCRB, Kochi comes third with 12 such cases.\"We are going to monitor the cyber crime cases through the special police cell being set up in Jaipur,\" a senior police officer said. He added that earlier the mechanism to solve cyber crimes was not up-to-date, however, now the cops at the police station level are being trained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14791897", "title": "IIM-I simplifies admission process", "text": "INDORE: The dream to study at the Indian Institute of Management (IIM-I) has become less hard!Unlike last year, all the students scoring 60% and above in Class XII board examination will be allowed to take the aptitude test and personal interview. Based on these, the students will be given admission to the five-year Integrated Programme in Management (IPM). Sixty per cent weightage will be given to the quantitative and verbal abilities while 40% to the interview.Last year, when IIM-I had launched the programme, only top 1,000 students, based on their Class XII result, were allowed to appear for the institute's aptitude test and appear for the interview. There were over 5,000 registrations. After finalization, 120 students were given admission to the IPM course.Though the number of seats is almost the same this year, all students scoring 60% and above will get a fair chance to show their abilities. Andrews Armstrong, executive assistant, admission department, confirmed that, \"There is a slight change this year. All students who score 60% and above will be allowed to sit for the test unlike last year when the scrutiny was done,\" he said.One of the students at the institute said, \"In 2011, when the programme started, only those students who got 90 plus percentage in their board exam could appear for the aptitude test. However, the test is going to be tougher this year so that only good candidates are selected for personal interview. One-seventh of the candidates clearing the aptitude test will be called for personal interview.\"The institute has announced the admission notification for IPM this year. The last date for registration is July 20.Meanwhile, the new selection criteria has given hope to many students. The registration for the programme is likely to surge this year as compared to last year. Abhishek Patidar, one of the aspirants, said, \"This is a good decision as those students who could not secure good marks in board examination will get a chance to appear for the aptitude test.\" Another student said, \"It will give fair chance to all the students. Those who perform in the test will get admission. Applying for SAT too will not be important like the previous year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14790160", "title": "Interview schedule at Panjab University", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The admission schedule for the session 2012-13 for Panjab University's department of Hindi has been announced.The interview for admission to MA Hindi 1st semester will take place on July 10 at 10am in the department itself. For the department of anthropology, the interview for admissions to MSc (honours) first semester will be held on July 12 at 10am and for Centre for Medical Physics (UIEAST), interviews for MSc (medical physics) first year will be held on July 18 at 11am in the department of physics.The aptitude test for admission to MA part-1 (Sanskrit) will be held on July 12 at 10 am at the department of Sanskrit. Interview for admission to master of library and information science, first semester, will be held on July 13 at 10am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14789589", "title": "Nitish Kumar dares BJP to poach JD (U) leaders", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Monday dared ally BJP to poach the JD (U) leaders, if it can.Reacting to state BJP president C P Thakur's recent claim that a number of JD (U) leaders were in talks with the BJP to cross the fence, Nitrsh said, \"If somebody of the JD (U) wishes to join the BJP, he (Thakur) can take him away. We will have no problems.\"The controversy started last week after former BJP MLC Sanjay Jha joined JD (U). Nitish, who is in the eye of a storm following his open advocacy of \"secular\" prime ministerial candidate of the NDA, has, however, refrained from speaking publicly on the NDA affairs, particularly his relations with the BJP leaders. Talking to newsmen on the sidelines of 'Janata ke Darbar mein Mukhyamantri', he refused to respond to questions on his Gujarat counterpart Narendra Modi.The CM also refused to comment either on the BJP leader L K Advani's defence of Modi or on the change of guard in Karnataka where the BJP had to remove CM D V Sadananda Gowda under pressure from renegade B S Yeddyurappa. Advani had on Sunday blogged that no political leader in India's history has been as \"systematically and viciously maligned\" as the Gujarat CM.\"It is the internal matter of the BJP and I should not comment on this. I never speak against any individual. My party has taken stands on the issues and they are known to everybody,\" Nitish said and added the party's stands were always based on principles and were not against individuals.He also declined to comment on the removal of Gowda even though JD (U) president Sharad Yadav had reacted to it on Sunday, saying Gowda was made the sacrificial goat. Nitish said, \"We have nothing to do with Karnataka affairs. Parties are free to take decisions.\"With the JD (U) taking a stand different from that of the BJP on the Presidential election, meanwhile, speculations are rife that the two allies might again disagree on the candidate for Vice-President for which the election has been notified. \"We have not discussed the issue as yet. There will be discussion in the JD (U) as well as in the NDA,\" the CM said.Reacting on his bete noire Lalu Prasad's comment that the marriage between JD (U) and BJP was a mismatch and divorce was imminent, Nitish said the RJD chief could not even imagine where he would be thrown in that eventuality. He said Lalu had already been discarded by people and he would not be able to win back their confidence. \"He speaks 'agram-bagram' (nonsense) and thinks he can befool people. He is free to think so,\" Nitish said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14788101", "title": "Kolis claim 'harassment' by coastal security agencies", "text": "MUMBAI: Given how Ajmal Kasab and his Pakistani cohorts managed to enter Mumbai aboard a dinghy, the Coast Guard decided to perform a drill last year. The agency tested the loyalty of Mumbai's fishermen to see if they would succumb to allurement and aid suspicious elements. One night, its personnel posed as intruders and urged five fishing boats in separate enclaves of Versova, Worli, Madh Island, Khar Danda and Mahim to ferry them to shore by offering a cash reward of Rs 40 lakh. Each of the boat owners not only declined but also alerted the local police.Plying their trade along the 110 km coast of Mumbai, Koli fishermen call themselves the \"eyes and ears\" of coastal security agencies given their vast numbers and their familiarity with the landscape. They do not face the risk of entering Pakistani waters like their Gujarati counterparts but that does not preclude them from being ill-treated. Mumbai's fishermen claim they are waging their own battle against \"harassment\" by local agencies.Damodar Tandel, president of the Akhil Maharashtra Machhimar Kruti Samiti, says Indian fishermen are caught in a vortex of \"extortion and bullying\" by security agencies.\"Each agency that patrols the city's coast, be it the navy, Coast Guard or Mumbai police, makes vulnerable fishermen the target of harassment,\" says Tandel. \"We are accused of entering the forbidden boundaries of oil rigs mid-sea even though we are careful not to do so. We are blamed for ferrying workers without smart cards even though 40% of fishermen are yet to be issued these cards by the fisheries commission. We plead with the authorities to endorse the identification passes that are issued by the local fishermen's cooperative but to no avail.\"\"There are instances when we hire relievers to replace workers who are sick or unable to join the fishing expedition for certain reasons,\" says Tandel. \"If the Coast Guard or police find new faces on the boat without biometric ID cards we are made to pay hefty fines or the catch is seized.\"For a community that has 25,000-30,000 people patrolling the seas off Mumbai aboard 5,000 fishing boats, the cost adds up. State home minister R R Patil recently convened a meeting with representatives of the fishermen in the presence of the police commissioner, where he urged the police to spare them \"unnecessary harassment\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14790218", "title": "M S University to turn into a Wi-Fi campus", "text": "VADODARA: Imagine students sitting on the green environs under the shade of Asia's second largest masonry dome of M S University's Faculty of Arts and enjoying access to internet connectivity on their mobiles, laptops or iPods. This would become a reality as MSU is now turning itself into a Wi-Fi campus.MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh, an IT man himself, has decided to convert the tranquil campus into a Wi-Fi enabled, which will allow 37,000 students, thousands of faculty members and visitors access and exchange resourceful information on the campus spread on 272 acres.The university is about is achieve its target of providing internet nodes on the desks of all the teachers of the campus. From 2002 onwards, a fibre optic network put up by Technology Promotion Trust is already in place. MSU spent Rs one crore towards strengthening its IT infrastructure by installing radio connectivity through radio towers.\"Now, we have two channels available for internet connectivity. With both fibre optic network and radio connectivity in place, we already have the backbone network for converting our campus into a Wi-Fi enabled institute,\" Singh told TOI, adding that the BBA programme building at the Donors Plaza ground (now re-christened as Maharaja Pratapsinhrao Gaekwad Parishar) will become the first building of the university which will be Wi-Fi enabled.A proposal regarding this has already been cleared by MSU's syndicate members during the last syndicate meeting and orders are being placed.After BBA, MSU will convert the Faculty of Technology and Engineering (FTE) popularly known as Kalabhavan into a Wi-Fi campus. \"We are adopting cluster phase-wise approach for this. FTE will be made Wi-Fi enabled by end of this year and in the second phase, we will start working on the main campus starting from Faculty of Science,\" says Singh.Director of MSU's computer centre is already formulating the proposal for FTE to decide the best available technology. \"It will be a controlled network with closed access so that it is not misused by outsiders. Every student will have a user id and password which he or she can use to access the Wi-Fi network,\" says Singh, adding that through collaboration with Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Limited (MKCL), database of unique identity of all students is already being created.MSU has so far installed seven radio towers and is in the process of installing five more to strengthen its IT infrastructure. After strengthening its radio connectivity, additional 528 internet nodes have been provided to teachers, 328 more are under process.\"There is a demand of 350 more internet nodes pending before us to provide internet connectivity to even research scholars working at our laboratories,\" adds Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14798574", "title": "Chhal Sheh Aur Maat between Ijaa and Aditi", "text": "Tonight on Chhal Sheh Aur Maat on Colors TV, there will be a confrontation between the two main women of the Jaiswal household.Ijaa (Aishwarya Narkar) is the mastermind who plots against Aditi ( Hunar Hali). When Aditi consults her mother in-law, the latter is unnerved and challenges Aditi by telling her that her son Kabir ( Avinesh Rekhi) will only listen to his mother and that Aditi can do as she pleases. Ijaa is convinced that Avinesh will throw Aditi out of the house.Aishwarya Narkar, who plays ijaa , is confident over her win in Chhal . \"What Aditi and I shared earlier was a put on Rishta. The family members are unaware about what's happening between me and Aditi. Chhal Sheh Aur Maat will always go on between the two of us. We both will play our games\". Further adding, \"Poor Kabir. He will keep getting trapped between his mother and me because he won't be able to believe it that ijaa can be so weird. I'm 200% confident that he will not blame me\".Ijaa's motive is simple. All she wants is the money and she will go to any extent to get it. But in this whole web of conspiracies, will ijaa ever have a change of heart? \"I don't think I will turn positive because even if I do, eventually no one will trust me. But towards the end, my character of ijaa should have the realization that what I'm doing is wrong\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14798496", "title": "Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes 'reach speedy divorce settlement'", "text": "Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes have reached an out of court private settlement in their divorce case, avoiding a very public court battle and detailed exposure of the actor's links to Scientology.The remarkably swift deal, which both of them have signed, was concluded just 11 days after the 33-year-old filed for divorce and followed marathon negotiations between two teams of attorneys over the weekend.The 50-year-old is thought to have been especially keen to avoid a drawn-out court case that could have highlighted details about him and the controversial religion Scientology, which he follows.The church has repeatedly been cited as a reason for the couple's separation and it has faced a lot of backlash in the past fortnight.It is believed that the former couple's six-year-old daughter Suri will live primarily with Holmes, but that Cruise will have generous visitation rights and be a full part of the child's life.The Dawson Creek actress, who was raised a Catholic, is thought to have secured her wish that Suri not be brought up in the Church of Scientology.On one visit to her lawyers' offices in New York at the weekend Holmes apparently spent six hours discussing the deal, which also includes a property settlement.Holmes is currently living in a three-bedroom apartment in New York with Suri, while Cruise is based primarily in Los Angeles with his two adopted children Connor, 17, and Bella, 19.\"We are committed to working together as parents to accomplish what is in our daughter Suri's best interests,\" the Telegraph quoted the joint statement of the former couple.\"We want to keep matters affecting our family private, and express our respect for each other's commitment to each of our respective beliefs, and support each other's roles as parents,\" the statement read.The reference to \"respective beliefs\" in the statement appeared to confirm that Scientology, and its role in Suri's upbringing, was a key factor in the split.Holmes filed for divorce on June 28, against her husband of five years, Cruise. She had also filed for sole custody of Suri with a court in New York.\"The case has been settled and the agreement has been signed. We are thrilled for Katie and her family and are excited to watch as she embarks on the next chapter of her life,\" Holmes' lawyer Jonathan Wolfe said.\"We thank Tom's counsel for their professionalism and diligence that helped bring about this speedy resolution ,\" he said.Holmes had signed a cast iron prenuptial agreement before the marriage five years ago, and has indicated she wants to \"earn her own money\" from her acting career.\"Tom is really pleased we got there, and so am I,\" TMZ quoted Bert Fields, Cruise's lawyer, as saying. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14788127", "title": "Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology predicts scattered rainfall in days to come", "text": "KANPUR: The mercury rose sharply due to sunny sky on Monday. Rain in the evening turned the weather pleasant.In the morning, there were some clouds with signs of sunshine. The sun shone with full vigour during afternoon. The evening turned pleasant due to drizzling at various places.The maximum temperature stood at 33.4 degrees. It was four degrees higher than the previous day. The minimum temperature was recorded as 22.8 degrees. Humidity was 91% in the morning, which reduced to 76% in the afternoon.Majority of areas like Lal Bangla, Yashoda Nagar, Kidwai Nagar and surrounding localities witnessed heavy rain. However, it did not rain the same way in the entire city. Some areas, including Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology (CSA) received light showers.The meteorologists of CSA have predicted scattered rainfall. Heavy showers are likely to lash on Wednesday or Thursday.TOI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14791573", "title": "Scarce rain puts Mumbai in deep water", "text": "MUMBAI: The recent bouts of rainfall in the city have done nothing to mitigate its looming water problems. The catchment areas of the lakes that supply water to Mumbai have not filled up to satisfactory levels, civic officials say. With scarcity increasing, the BMC is likely to extend its 10% water cut beyond July 15.\"The water situation hasn't improved at all,\" said additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota. \"It is a cause for concern. We will review lake levels on July 15 and then take a call on whether to extend the water cut.\"The BMC had pinned its hopes on July rainfall, since the last few years' trend suggested that lake levels improve in the month. \"But the trend was not visible this year,\" said a senior civic official.Of the six lakes, the civic administration is particularly concerned about Upper Vaitarna, where there is no useable water at present. While the minimum required level to draw water is 595.44 metres, the current level is 593.94 metres. A civic source said that since the 10% water cut was imposed on July 1, the lake's stock has increased, with the civic body managing to save 15 days' water.Mumbai needs 3,450 million litres of water per day. To meet this need, the lakes collectively must have a stock of at least 1,254,000 million litres per year. In comparison, the present (as of July 9) collective stock is 129,646 million litres. As of July 9 last year, the collective stock of the lakes was 206,522 million litres.By imposing the water cut, the BMC has reduced water supply from four lakes\u2014Bhatsa , Modak Sagar, Tansa and Upper Vaitarna. In terms of supply timings, the cut amounts to 25 minutes for a four-hour supply. \"Unless rainfall increases in the next few days, water cuts will be here to stay,\" a civic official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14797520", "title": "North India experiences pleasant weather, thanks to monsoon rain", "text": "NEW DELHI: Intermittent monsoon rain kept the weather pleasant across North India on Monday as temperature remained normal at most places.Monsoon showers returned to the capital after a gap of over a day with the city receiving light showers in the morning.The minimum temperature was recorded at 28 degrees celsius, normal for this time of the year while the maximum was 33.9 degrees celsius. A total of 0.6 mm of rain was recorded in the city.Weather in the capital has been pleasant since Friday when the annual monsoons hit Delhi and the temperatures have come down giving much-needed relief from the scorching sun.In Uttar Pradesh, major rivers continued to swell as intermittent rains lashed several parts of the state.The level of Ganga is rising in Fatehgarh, Dalmau (Raebareli), Varanasi, Ghazipur and Ballia, while Yamuna is rising in Banda, Gomti in Auraiya and Ramganga in Bareilly, officials said.The water level in Ghagra river is increasing in Ballia while Rapti is rising in Balrampur and Siddharth Nagar.Jalalabad received 8 cm rainfall, followed by Bareilly and Unnao at 7 cm each.Elsewhere, Hardoi, Lakhimpur Kheri, Pilibhit, Faizabad and Fursatganj received 6 cm showers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14786344", "title": "Aid to riot-hit shrines against statute: Gujarat", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Narendra Modi government on Monday said compensation to religious structures damaged in the 2002 riots would be against the tenets of secular governance and justified its stand in the Supreme Court by saying it had given no grant for repair of such structures damaged by the 2001 earthquake.Additional advocate general Tushar Mehta told a bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra that the state's policy did not permit use of public funds for repair and reconstruction of religious structures.Challenging a Gujarat high court order asking the Modi government to compensate damaged religious structures, Mehta referred to Article 27 of the Constitution which did not permit the state to recover or utilize taxpayer's money for promoting a particular religion.Unimpressed, the bench said, \"Prima facie your argument on Article 27 seems to be on slippery ground.\" The court wanted to know whether the Gujarat government took a similar stand on a demand for compensation for repair of quake-damaged religious structures.\"During the earthquake in Bhuj, did you not compensate any religious structure and was there not any claim,\" asked the bench. Mehta said in natural calamities, the primary concern of the state was to restore normal life by providing financial aid to distressed families. \"During the Bhuj earthquake, we (state) did not compensate a single religious structure nor was any claim entertained,\" he added.The bench said, \"We will then have to examine the aspect whether the state must compensate religious structures during earthquake or tsunami.\" The court asked Gujarat government to file a survey report on the extent of damage sustained by religious structures during the riots, the compensation amount disbursed till now and the scope of state's objection under Article 27.The Gujarat government also objected to the HC's February 8 order and the manner in which it adjudicated the state's guilt before saddling it with the task of compensating damaged religious structures. The HC had held that damage to religious structures was a direct consequence of the state's \"inaction and negligence\".The matter is expected to be heard next on July 30 by when the petitioner NGO has been directed to prepare its response to the state's affidavit. Nearly 500 structures were reported to have been destroyed during the 2002 riots, but the NGO had submitted a list of about 270 to the HC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14789339", "title": "It's a rough and tough ride to Fort Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: The road to Kochi's heritage zone is tough to tread on. And the roads in Fort Kochi, the much acclaimed tourist spot, bear all the signs of the lackadaisical attitude of the authorities -- potholes, illegal encroachments and ill-maintained footpaths.The road leading to Fort Kochi from Veli is heavily encroached upon; and the parallel stretch through INS Dronacharya is pothole-ridden. And despite umpteen attempts by the corporation authorities to clear them from the area, illegal vendors and encroachers have taken over the place, blocking the view of the beach and the famed Chinese nets.\"Fort Kochi has become more of a commercial hub. Civic agencies seem to have given maintenance a miss. One among the earliest European settlements in India, which saw the footprint of the Portuguese, the Dutch and the English, it certainly doesn't live up to the charm of a place that is in the tentative Unesco heritage zone list,\" wrote traveller El Sots in her blog. Though the Fort Kochi Heritage Conservation Society and the Kochi Corporation had chalked out various plans to tidy up the region, little progress has been made.There is hope for change, says Dominic Presentation MLA. \"Rs10 crore has been earmarked for the Fort Kochi beautification project and it is expected to be completed in a year's time. This will ensure better roads and timely maintenance of roadsides and pavements. More trees will be planted along the avenues, and there will be benches for people to take rest. Most tourists who come here prefer to walk,\" he said.According to A P Anil Kumar, tourism minister, beautification projects that concentrate on maintenance and renovation of infrastructure will encourage sustainable development in tourist high-points like Fort Kochi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14791002", "title": "Woman ends life over dowry demand", "text": "HUBLI: A married woman committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling fan at her house in Chabbi village of Hubli taluk on Sunday.According to Hubli rural police, the deceased is Shilpa Mahantesh Kubasad, 22. Shilpa was married to Mahantesh since a year and the couple, along with Mahantesh's mother, was staying in Shalavadi of Navalgund. Later they shifted to Chabbi village. Mahantesh and his mother were allegedly harassing Shilpa to bring money from her grandfather, who is a resident of Sutgatti village. Shilpa had lost her parents before marriage and was brought up in her grandfather's house. Unable to bear the harassment by her husband and mother-in-law, Shilpa allegedly ended her life. Her grandfather has lodged a complaint at Hubli rural police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bolpur/new delhi", "code": "14785811", "title": "PMO seeks report on Visva-Bharati outrage", "text": "BOLPUR/NEW DELHI: The Prime Minister's office on Monday took serious note of an incident where a Class-V student of Visva-Bharati's Patha Bhavan school was forced to lick her urine as punishment for bedwetting. The PM is the university's chancellor and his office has asked for a report. The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights too has slapped a notice on the state government asking for a response within 10 days.As the incident sparked national outrage on Monday, Uma Poddar, the hostel warden accused of subjecting the child to extreme humiliation, got bail hours after she was arrested. Sparking a wave of anger among guardians and Santiniketan residents, the traumatized girl's parents too were arrested and charged with criminal intimidation.But on Monday, when the case came up before additional chief judicial magistrate Pijush Ghosh, he gave the parents unconditional bail and pulled up the police for \"going soft\" on Poddar. Calling the incident \"deplorable and highly condemnable\", Ghosh directed Visva-Bharati to bear the expenses for the victim's treatment and realise it from Poddar's salary. The court expressed dismay over the way Visva-Bharati had handled the incident.Poddar allegedly sprinkled salt on the soiled bedsheet and forced the 10-year-old child to lick it on Saturday to punish her for bedwetting. The incident has left the child so traumatized that she insists she won't go back to the hostel ever again. \"I want to move to another school if I'm not allowed to attend classes from home,\" she told TOI. \"I begged and pleaded with the warden not to make me lick the soiled bedsheet, but she didn't listen. When I complained to my mother, the warden taunted me and demanded to know why I had called my mother,\" she said.Soon after the court order, Visva-Bharati vice-chancellor Sushanta Dattagupta told reporters that a committee probing the allegation against Poddar \"has found substance in the girl's complaint\". The incident happened in front of her roommates, the V-C said, adding that Poddar had been suspended.But the action is too little, too late, guardians say. The incident has scared other children of the hostel, too. The charges against Poddar are too light, they say \u2014 a view the Bolpur court seemed to share.Poddar has merely been booked for wrongful detention and 'a malignant act that could spread infection' (IPC Sections 343, 269 and 270). The court held that police should have booked her under the Juvenile Justice Act. Bolpur lawyers also feel that such \"torture\" should have been dealt with all seriousness under Section 23 of the Juvenile Justice Act.On the other hand, the victim's parents face serious charges like criminal trespass and intimidation, based on a complaint from Visva-Bharati. The university's FIR says the parents damaged public property when they came to see their \"tormented\" ward at Karabi Girl's Hostel on Saturday night.Visva-Bharati spokesperson Amrit Sen has claimed that they did not mention any parent's name in their compliant but Birbhum SP Rishikesh Meena on Monday said that the complaint mentions \"five names, including those of the girl's parents\". \"We arrested the parents on the basis of the university's complaint,\" he said. Asked about the court censuring the police for going soft on the accused, Meena said: \"We frame charge on the basis of the complaint. The sections imposed against the hostel warden were based on the compliant lodged by the parents. We may include other sections if the court directs us to do so.\"State education minister Bratya Basu is writing to HRD minister Kapil Sibal to take action against those involved in the case. \"The state government does not have jurisdiction over a central university like Visva-Bharati,\" Basu said.Times ViewTeachers who resort to such inhuman 'punishment' have no place in our education system. If the allegations against the warden are proved correct, she must be sacked immediately. Further, she must be criminally prosecuted for the mental torture afflicted on such a young child. For their part, the authorities at Visva-Bharati University must not be seen to be protecting the errant teacher. Their duty in this case is to protect the child, not a member of their staff who has let them down so badly, if the allegations are right.(With inputs from Agencies)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14788754", "title": "Cricket politics leads to GU fracas", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Trouble erupted in the Gujarat University (GU) campus on Monday. The fracas, said GU authorities, was caused over politics in Gujarat Cricket Academy.President of sports and recreational club of GU was the vice chancellor, Parimal Trivedi. Trivedi retired recently. On his exit mode Trivedi appointed the pro-VC of GU, Mukul Shah, as the president of the club. Based on his appointment, Shah also became GU's representative in the GCA.This move did not go down well with former GCA president and Congress leader, Narhari Amin. On Monday afternoon Amin marched into the GU campus with senate and syndicate members. Amin confronted Shah and said that his appointment as the club's president is illegal and was carried out at the behest of BJP leaders of Gujarat. Amin also alleged that this was saffronization of the club and GU. He threatened to launch a political counter-attack.Amin alleged that the club has not seen its mandatory annual general meeting being convened in the last two years. Congress leaders also staged a protest demonstration at the VC's office in GU campus.After this demonstration and developments the 10-member core committee of the club held an emergency meeting and appointed the vice-president of the club as the president. This also means that the club at present has two presidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14790230", "title": "Bakery verdict splits Hanuman Tekri", "text": "VADODARA: Hanuman Tekri where most accused in the Best Bakery case stayed and the bakery itself was located, was divided in emotions. There was celebration in some homes, while moving scenes were witnessed at others following the verdict.The verdict split the locality into two as five persons were acquitted, but the life imprisonment for four was upheld by Bombay High Court. Any loud celebrations were missing due to the fact that some were still slated to spend more years in the prison.Sushila Anup Tadvi, mother of Shailesh Tadvi, who was acquitted on Monday, said that she got the news through television. \"He was my only son and my two daughters were married and used to stay with their in-laws when he was arrested. I had to call one of them to stay with me along with her husband. His acquittal has come as a major relief. I hope he comes back home soon,\" she said. Her husband and Shailesh's father Anup Tadvi said that they would celebrate once their son comes home.Haresh Gosai, brother of another acquitted accused Pankaj Gosai, said, \"God has been kind. My brother and I hadn't done anything. The court has given correct judgment. Though it came a bit late, we are all happy with the verdict. Our family had faced lot of troubles when I was arrested along with Pankaj years ago.\" Haresh too was an accused in the Best Bakery case and was convicted. In 2006, the special court that held a fresh trial had acquitted him.Raju Baria's wife Champa was unaware about his acquittal till she reached home late in the evening from work. \"I was at the plastic factory where I have been working. I came to know about the acquittal only on reaching the locality. I am very relieved as life had become a daily struggle without him. I had to make the two ends meet and make my children go to school. Nobody came forward to help us. My son Mehul passed his standard 10 examination with 50 per cent marks. If his father was around he would have done better,\" she said.But the mood was absolutely in contrast at Dinesh Rajbhar's home with his family insisting very strongly that he was innocent. Dinesh's life imprisonment has been upheld by the high court. \"There were riots in the locality and we left the place to save our lives. How can a person who is in such a situation kill others? I have no hopes left now,\" said Dinesh's mother Sharda. She claimed that Dinesh's sister Manorama had taken mentally ill after he was named in the case.\"I have no means to fight the case at a higher level. Besides Manorama, I have another unmarried daughter Mamta. My priority is to get her married now,\" Sharda said.Chatur Baria, brother of Shana Baria, whose life sentence was upheld, was working on a room of his house when he got the news. He avoided giving elaborate replies and said that he knew only what others and the news channels had been saying. \"I used to stay at Ghadiali Pol when the incident took place,\" Chatur said adding that Shana's wife Amrut stayed in the locality, but was not at home.Moving aheadKailash Vasava nee Hina - the second wife of Zahira Sheikh's brother Nafitullah, who survived the massacre that left 14 dead on the night of March 1, 2002 - avoided interactions with the media and spoke reluctantly in the past. After the verdict on Monday, she was much more approachable and spoke willingly.Hina said the locality had left its past behind and was a peaceful place now. \"We stay together and help each other out. Things have changed a lot here and people want to move ahead with their lives. People are busy with their day to day routine and few want to bring back the bitter memories,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "14788443", "title": "Consumer forum awards one-month jail term for bank manager", "text": "BARNALA: Finding him disobeying its earlier orders and that of the state commission to compensate a consumer, who was defrauded of Rs 40,000 at a bank ATM despite alerting the bank officials, the Barnala District Consumer Forum has sentenced the chief manager of Barnala branch of State Bank of India to simple imprisonment for one month.The bank has also been asked to pay Rs 5,000 to the consumer, which the bank authorities complied with immediately after pronouncing of judgment on Monday evening.The sentence has been awarded for disobeying the orders of the state commission, wherein the bank's appeal was dismissed and the bank official had been asked to obey the district forum order.On August 17, 2010, Surinder Kaur of Barnala had gone to withdraw some money from the ATM of SBI's Barnala branch. As she failed to withdraw the amount, a conman, claiming to be a bank employee, reportedly asked her to complete the transaction but fraudulently changed the card and left the ATM. Seeing other consumers successfully transacting at the ATM, Surinder Kaur approached the bank authorities and got to know that her card has been changed. She requested for blocking the account but authorities allegedly took time in doing so. In the meantime, the conman withdrew Rs 40,000 in two installments from her account from some other ATM.Deciding her case, Barnala forum had on February 10, 2011 directed the bank to pay Surinder Kaur Rs 40,000 and compensate her with Rs 5,000 as fine. The state commission also rejected the banks review appeal on March 14, 2012 and asked it to pay the consumer. The bank paid only Rs 23,300 but not the remaining amount. On this, Surinder Kaur again approached the district forum on July 4 with contempt proceedings against bank officials.Taking up the case, the forum headed by president Sanjeev Dutt Sharma and member Karnail Singh on Monday awarded one month's simple imprisonment to SBI's Barnala main branch chief manager Paramjit Singh Sodhi. It also accepted a bail bond of Rs 50,000 with one surety for the same amount, whereas the bank authorities deposited the fine amount of Rs 5,000.Surinder Kaur said that she was waiting for the compensation since long and is satisfied with the orders. Bank authorities however said they will file an appeal against the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14788165", "title": "Nagpur University seals records, answersheets related to new scam", "text": "NAGPUR: Two days after TOI first reported about another Kohchade-style scam in Nagpur University, the shocked administration finally started acting to save itself from further embarrassment. Controller of Examinations (COE) Siddharth Kane told TOI that they had sealed all documents and records related to the case. \"We have taken into custody some answer-sheets where marks seem to have been increased using unfair means. But we're investigating further through our in-house panel,\" he said.The COE assured that if the alleged kingpin of the scam, assistant registrar (revaluation) Sandhya Chunodkar-Handa, was found to be guilty by the disciplinary action committee (DAC), NU will take strict action against her, including suspension.Kane said Chunodkar-Handa had been officially transferred to the university tribunal with immediate effect, where she will work full-time. \"The decision was taken on Sunday after media reports, but her new posting was decided on Monday,\" he said.Over 200 students have allegedly benefited due to the fraud by Chunodkar-Handa, who used to help engineering students clear subjects via re-totalling and revaluation by charging over Rs15,000 for each subject.During her visit to TOI office to clarify her stand, Chunodkar-Handa said that she had been forced to take the assignment of assistant registrar (revaluation). However, NU officials revealed that she had herself demanded this section, from where she could operate her modus operandi.She also defended her son, studying in St Vincent Palloti College of Engineering, whose marks were allegedly increased in as many as three subjects out of four for which he applied for revaluation. She said that the answer-sheets of her son in three subjects were undervalued and while re-totalling, the evaluator increased his marks.However, Kane termed her statement as totally incorrect, clarifying that only the original evaluator has a right to increase the marks if questions were not evaluated. \"If such a thing happens, it is the duty of the officials to bring it to CoE's notice, who then calls on the original evaluator to finish the job. If she is saying that those marks were increased during re-totalling, it is a big breach of rules and she would be punished along with the evaluator,\" he said.BOXPro-VC to be appointed soon: VCIn response to a delegation of members of Joint Students' Action Committee, who stormed NU premises on Monday, vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal promised to look into the demands raised by students. The delegation raised several demands in the meeting with officials such as the registrar, COE and director of students' welfare. Sapkal told TOI that the process of installating CCTV cameras had already started, along with the appointment of a pro-VC.\"The VC agreed to all our demands. He also promised that pro-VC would be appointed immediately,\" Yashodhan Waghmare of Vidyapeeth Vidyarthi Sangram Parishad (VVSP) told TOI. The demands included immediate appointment of Pro-VC, action against all the officials involved in various scams, computerization and installation of CCTV cameras. They also demanded that students should be allotted different exam centres than their colleges.(With inputs from Anurag Mundhada)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14790304", "title": "Cops \u2018close\u2019 over 1,500 petitions without inquiries", "text": "CHENNAI: The city police stations have 'closed' more than 1,500 petitions without making proper inquiries with either the petitioner or the accused. The incident came to light following a random inspection by a special team from the city police commissioner's office.Of the 11,746 petitions received in 2011, more than 2,100 are still unresolved. But the police stations concerned reported back to the grievance section at the commissionerate that only 350 petitions are pending. The other matters were amicably settled, they had reported.\"Even though many petitions were still pending with the assistant commissioners, deputy commissioners and joint commissioners of police, the police inspectors concerned claimed that the petitions were closed. The grievance section prepared list of details of the closed petitions and submitted them in turn to the police commissioner,\" a police officer said.The incident came to light, when some petitioners were found loitering on the corridors of the commissioner's office with their same old petitions. A senior police officer listened to their complaints and inquired about the status of the case at a crime review meeting. When the police inspector concerned told the senior officer that the matter was closed after conducting proper inquiry, the assistant commissioner of police (public relations office) A D Mohanraj was asked to check the actual status of the petitions received during the last three years.It is a part of an exercise to streamline the existing system. \"We have assigned police personnel to collect details of petitions received in the past three years. If the petitions are still pending, we will dispose them after conducting proper inquiry,\" additional commissioner (law and order) P Thamaraikannan told TOI.\"We are not coming to any conclusion as to where it went wrong and who were responsible for it. It is only a preliminary finding. We will take action against errant officials after receiving the final report,\" a senior officer said. Now the segregation work is underway and it is expected to be completed in a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14792809", "title": "Admission starts at Cotton", "text": "GUWAHATI: Thousands of eager aspirants were seen waiting patiently on a hot, sultry day on Monday in the main hall at Cotton College on the first day of admission at the TDC level, which also saw the implementation of the index factor method for the first time in the college.Students accompanied by their guardians flocked to the college, known as the centre of educational excellence in the northeast region. For the 375 total seats in the science stream, close to a thousand students gathered in the college. The tension among the students grew as the names were announced as per the merit list. At least 2,065 applicants had applied for the TDC courses in the science stream. Admissions in the science stream commenced with the induction of one Ankita Gogoi, who took majors in chemistry, with a total of 452 marks in her kitty.The admissions coincided with the implementation of the index factor method for the first time in the 112-year-old college. As per the new system, students were offered a selection of the best of three subjects in the science stream, excluding English and other modern Indian languages (MIL). The index factor method is supposed to provide an equal footing to students from various education boards.Under the new method, the highest marks of AHSEC are standardized with the highest marks of the equivalent examination of the CBSE where the value used for standardization is called the index factor. \"The new method has been implemented to give an equal footing to students from different boards. The method was put to use at BITS Pilani, and the best of three and best of four subjects are used in Delhi University. We will continue the process tomorrow,\" said Kamal Barman, co-convener, admission department of Cotton College.With 233 seats available in the unreserved category and 58 in the OBC and MOBC categories, Monday's proceedings saw admission in 215 to 220 seats, and the standardization of marks close to a total of 251.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14791503", "title": "Rehras and Amiera win hearts", "text": "LUDHIANA: Seven-month-old Rehras of Gurdev Nagar and five-month old Amiera of SBS Nagar grabbed the coveted super baby title in the baby show organized by Mother's Pride Pre-school at its campus in New Lajpat Nagar, Pakhowal Road, the results of which were declared on Monday.Gurdev Nagar resident Harjinder Singh, a restaurant owner and father of Rehras who got the news from TOI, said, \"We are thrilled at the wonderful news. Rehras bagged the title of the super baby among more than 200 babies who participated in the event. This sure is an achievement for him.\"Harmanjeet Singh, a businessman of SBS Nagar and father of five-month-old daughter Amiera, said, \"The entire family is thrilled at the achievement of Amiera and we're going to celebrate this special award with a party.\" Shobhan Soi, director of Mother's Pride Pre-school who organized the baby show, said, \"On Monday, around 40 parents turned up to receive the awards and there was great excitement among parents and babies for the results. We also gave nine couples Most Aware Parents Award with books on parenting.\"Residents of Civil Lines, Shweta and Tarun Jain who are the parents of six-month-old Pritesh, won the prize for being one of the most aware parents. They said, \"It's a great honour for us to have won a prize in this category. Parenthood is a very important responsibility and parents need to know minute details about childcare to be able to call themselves good parents. Before the birth of our baby we had studied a lot about parenthood and childcare, and we guess that helped us win the award.\"Back at the baby show, children were evaluated under different age groups of 0-6 months, 7-12 months, 1 to 2 years and 2 to 3 years for grand prizes for Most Healthy Baby, Sunniest Smile, Most Active Baby, Friendliest Baby, Most Attractive Baby and Most Sparkling Eyes. There were prizes for the Most Aware Parents and also a grand prize for the All Round Super Baby for two babies. Almost 60 prizes for different age groups and different categories were awarded. More than 225 babies had participated in the show.Well-known doctors of the city, including Gagan Modgil, Bharat Suneja, Vikas Bansal, Gurpreet Singh Kochar, Anurag Jain and Sunaina, judged the show. Besides the prizes to the winners in different categories for the baby categories, prizes were also given to Most Aware Parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "14789389", "title": "Of hapless district magistrate and defiant deputies", "text": "SASARAM: In a district, the district magistrate (DM)-cum-collector is as good as a king. Or, so you thought. But that's not always true.Rohtas DM Anupam Kumar's is a case in point. His directives to his subordinates are falling on deaf ears. So are his recommendations to the state government for actions against the deputies. The situation has come to such a pass that he is referred to as \"bechara DM\" in district administrative circles.Sources said the officers against whom the DM recommended action include Sasaram Nagar Parishad's executive officer P Lal, Akodhigola circle officer (CO) S Ghulam Rabbani, Dinara CO Yadunath Singh, Dehri-on-Sone CO Sudhir Kumar, Bikramganj child development project officer (CDPO) Chandrakanta Devi and Bikramganj supply inspector Vijay Narayan.Lal allegedly would ignore the DM's instructions, including the one to ensure removal of garbage from different residential localities in Sasaram. The urban development department has been sitting on the DM's letter for action against him for four months now.In another blow to the DM's authority, the state government instead of taking action against CO Rabbani as recommended by the DM, \"rewarded\" him with a posting in the same capacity in Gaya district. This after the DM, fed up with the CO's alleged negligence, relieved him of his responsibilities in Akodhigola.The DM's report against the CDPO's functioning has been gathering dust in the department concerned for several months. He wrote against Dinara CO Singh after he found him neglecting people's grievances while action was recommended against CO Kumar after the DM found that the state government's ambitious RTPS (Right to Public Services) Act was not being implemented seriously in Dehri. Supply inspector Narayan earned the DM's wrath for alleged irregularities in supplies meant for PDS (public distribution system).DM Kumar could not be reached for his comments. However, Rohtas district public relations officer Ravi Bhushan Sahay confirmed several letters of the DM seeking action against \"lax\" subordinates did not evoke any response from the government during the past few months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14792550", "title": "BWSSB grievance meet to be held in service stations", "text": "BWSSB grievance meet related to water and sanitary problems will be held in service stations of Kethmaranahalli, Kumaraswamy Layout, Jeevan bhima Nagar, KG Tower, Byrasandra, Coles Park and Hesarughatta between 7 am and 9.30 am.BWSSB water adalath of south-east-2 subdivision will be held from 9.30 am to 11 am in Jaynagar 4th block. The disputes of customers coming under the jurisdiction of Byrasandra, Jaynagar 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5th blocks, Jaynagar 4th T block. Wilson Garden and Lakkasandra limit will be heard. Contact: 22238888.BWSSB water adalath of west-3 subdivision will be held from 9.30 am to 11 am at Hampinagar. The disputes of customers coming under the jurisdiction of Mysore road, Bytarayanapalya, Padarayanapalya, JJ Nagar, Magadi road, Chalurpalya, Kempapura agrahara, Gopala pura limit will be heard. Contact: 22238888.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14792652", "title": "Forum gives principal lesson in schooling", "text": "BANGALORE: A special child in Class IX of a reputed Christian institution near Bangalore paid a heavy price because his father because he couldn't cough up additional fees for personal tuition. The principal alleged that \"he (the child) imposed homosexuality on other hostel mates besides indulging in other nuisance\", after the child's father moved a consumer forum demanding refund of school fees.But in its May 24 order, the 4th additional consumer disputes redressal forum asked the principal to return within 15 days the Rs 15,000 collected as tuition fees and pay compensation of Rs 5,000 to the boy for causing mental agony. The forum also directed the school to pay Rs 2,000 towards cost of litigation to the father. The forum observed: \"The said act of the principal and his staff is totally uncalled for, unwarranted and inhuman in nature in any civilized society.\"\"The principal has spoiled one academic year of the boy without any reason and put him under mental and physical torture. There is a total deficiency in the service on the part of the school,\" observed a two-member bench comprising president JN Havanur and member Anita Shivakumar.In its order, the bench noted that the principal and school staff, particularly the warden, began giving unbearable torture to the child by branding him as poor in studies and a troublemaker. They alleged he was imposing homosexuality, among other things, on others, it added.The casePeter Prasad (name changed), a resident of Horamavu, admitted his son Phillip (name changed), a special child, to St George High School, Dodda Gubbi, off Old Madras Road, in June 2011. He paid Rs 15,000 as fees for the year. A week after Phillip joined the school, the principal Rev. Fr Paulose asked Prasad to meet him urgently and told him his son had fought with some hostel students. Prasad was told the warden had put Phillip in a dark room and locked there.Prasad took Phillip home and sent him to school after a day. The principal agreed to keep Phillip in the hostel if Prasad was ready to pay Rs 7,000 as tuition fee for a separate teacher. Prasad agreed but sought time to pay money. He was summoned to the school in September 2011 when the principal demanded the amount. When Prasad said he couldn't pay up, the school refused to admit Phillip and declined to issue the Transfer Certificate unless the amount was paid. Prasad moved the consumer forum for refund of fees and compensation for mental agony to his child.Principal's defenceThe complainant is only seeking to escape from paying the tuition fee amount to the special teacher hired for the child. Ours is a Christian institution, which always gives utmost importance to the mission of imparting education to all, especially the lesser-privileged and also the under-privileged in the society. The child was a troublesome boy in class and hostel. In consultation with the principal, the warden gave him a single room to save other hostel inmates. The child was trying to subject other students to homosexuality. He has not been terminated from the school, but he remained continuously absent from October 10, 2011. Neither the student nor his parents have demanded the transfer certificate as on today and the management never denied giving it.Rev Fr Paulose | principal, St George High School", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14788387", "title": "Overbridge develops cracks before inauguration", "text": "PATIALA: The newly constructed railway overbridge (ROB) near Rajpura has developed cracks even before its inauguration for traffic. To escape the ire of senior authorities, officials have started repairing the newly constructed ROB .Work on the Rs 17-crore bridge on Ghanaur-Bahadurgarh road, started over one year back and authorities had declared it ready for inauguration recently. With the new bridge developing cracks even before opening for traffic, Punjab public works department (PWD) authorities have started claiming that they never declared the bridge ready for inauguration. However, sources said the department had conveyed to senior authorities for finalization of a date for inauguration of the project.\"The cracks have in fact averted a major mishap because, had there been no crack, authorities would have inaugurated the bridge without conducting any inspection, which would have led to its collapse within days,\" sources said.\"Punjab government should take strict action not only against the company hired for constructing the bridge, but also against PWD officers, who failed to ensure use of quality material,\" demanded Malkiat Singh, a Rajpura resident, who travels on this road frequently.Though authorities have started repairing the cracks, area residents have demanded inspection of the bridge by technical experts, so as to avoid mishaps. Interestingly, some PWD officials admitted that the bridge has developed cracks, but disowned responsibility for the same.When contacted, SDO of PWD, Pankesh Kumar, confirmed that the bridge has developed cracks. \"As directed by senior officers, the construction company has started repairing the bridge,\" he said. Asked how this happened despite supervision by his department, the SDO evaded reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14788344", "title": "Belgaum corporators seek mayors' support", "text": "MUMBAI: A delegation from the recently dissolved Belgaum Municipal Corporation met mayor Sunil Prabhu on Monday, seeking support of the Maharashtra state mayors' council against the Karnataka government's move. The council, headed by the Shiv Sena leader, has heads of municipal corporations across Maharashtra as its members.The delegation, comprising Belgaum mayor Manda Balekundri, her deputy Renu Killedar and standing committee chairman Pandhari Parab, listed alleged atrocity indicted by the Karnataka government while dissolving the civic body.Prabhu told the delegation that the matter will be looked into. at the council level.\"We will move a resolution against the Karnataka government's action at the council's meet. The issue will be then taken up with the PM,\" said Prabhu, adding that the council was in favour of declaring Belgaum as an union territory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14791317", "title": "Ambegaon NGO wins United Nations Development Programme award Equator prize", "text": "PUNE: Shashwat, an NGO based in Ambegaon block in Pune district, received the prestigious special recognition award in the thematic prizes category of water, freshwater resource management from the Equator initiative of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) at the RIO+20, United Nations conference on sustainable development held in Brazil on June 20. The NGO received US $15,000.Shashwat has contributed towards local development solutions for people, nature and resilient communities. Shashwat was also awarded the 'Equator Prize 2012' on the same day. The award comprised a citation and US $5,000. About 25 organisations from around the world were presented the Equator Prize 2012.Anand Kapoor, founder member of Shashwat, accepted the special recognition award from environmental activist Sunita Narain and Nobel Peace Prize recipient Mohammed Yunus of Bangladesh .Kusum Karnik and Kapoor started work among tribals in the remote villages of Ambegaon block in 1981. Shashwat was registered in 1996 and has been working with Katkari, Thakar and Mahadeo Koli tribals in the catchment area of the Dimbhe dam. Shashwat, with the help of the tribals, have been able to develop fisheries in the Dimbhe reservoir, with support for obtaining fishing lease, besides fishing boats and nets.Several government departments like the Central Institute of Fisheries Education Mumbai and the National Fisheries Development Board, also extended support to it. \"Tribal farmers have been supported to create small and new paddy terraces on steep slopes above the dam waters in the dam catchment area by their traditional 'Padkai' system and a government scheme is now in place. The organisation also supports local farmers with land tenure securitisation. Through lobbying and partnership with the local government, the organisation has supported crop irrigation on the cultivatable land around Dimbhe reservoir which emerges when the water levels go down,\" said Karnik, vice-president and managing trustee of Shashwat.Vidya Bal, president, Shashwat, said grain harvests have improved substantially, and people from nine villages no longer need to migrate in search of work. tnnTribals here have conserved forests around their villages and documented their forest conservation practices with support from Shashwat, which is promoting involvement of locals in wildlife sanctuary management.With a team of village volunteers and full time workers, Shashwat runs a residential primary school for school dropouts, has made a beginning towards starting a tribal children's hostel and Tribal Sports Academy while their health care program focuses on women and children, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14788195", "title": "A varsity that thrives on the rainwater it saves", "text": "NEW DELHI: Every summer, the city hits a dry patch and the government makes panic calls to different states, seeking help to meet the water demands. This year has been no different either. But imagine an entire university functioning in the city without a government water connection or any tankers and still managing the daily water demands. Surprising, isn't it? What Jamia Hamdard University in Hamdard Nagar has achieved is not only fascinating but also a rare example of successful rainwater harvesting.The university has a rainwater harvesting system that recharges underground aquifers every year. It's the only water source for the staff and students in the 100-acre campus. And they have managed it quite well without any help. \"We don't let even a drop of rainwater go waste. The resource has been serving us for the last 10 years,\" says professor Javed Ahmed, head of the botany department.All the water collected from rooftops moves through pipes and is routed to wells located near each building. It then passes through coir filters so that unwanted solids are left behind. There are seven wells in the campus with a capacity of about 50,000 litres each. Even during a weak monsoon, at least two lakh litres of rainwater is collected.An old drain-like structure connects the Jahanpanah city forest to the campus wells. All the rainwater from the forest flows through the drain on a slope and falls into these wells, adding to the water already stored. \"The rainwater from the Jahanpanah forest is another great resource. Engineers who developed the rainwater system had the foresight to make these arrangements to maximize water collection,\" added Javed.But water collection is not all. The varsity has been reusing waste water to maintain the demand-supply balance. . \"Wastage is criminal. When the city is facing such an acute water shortage, reuse of water is important,\" said Javed.However, there have been times when the administration has had to rely on tankers. \"Sustaining with rainwater is not always possible. Bore wells may go dry once in a while. And it's not right to over-exploit them. So at times, we have had to call for DJB water tankers,\" says Muzaffar Hassan Shamsi of the engineering team at the university.The university had applied for a DJB connection about five years ago. \"They asked us to deposit around Rs two crore for the connection. Our vice-chancellor had requested for a reduction in the fee but the connection is still pending,\" added professor Javed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14787681", "title": "Railway project stuck in funds puzzle", "text": "MUMBAI: The ambitious Panvel terminal complex project seems to have gone off track. For, City and Industrial Development Corporation Ltd (Cidco) and the railways have not been able to find a common ground on the issue of generating funds for the project.Former railway minister Dinesh Trivedi had, in his budget speech, proposed the creation of a terminal complex in Panvel and a coach maintenance centre in nearby Kalamboli in partnership with the Maharashtra government through Cidco.A senior railway official said: \"We have asked Cidco to share 2/3rd of the project cost. However, there has been no commitment so far.\" Another senior official said Cidco had proposed that funds be generated for the project based on the public-private partnership (PPP) model. The total cost of the project was estimated to be around Rs 850 crore, he said, adding that the first phase would cost Rs 130 crore.\"\"We do not have any objection if Cidco goes ahead with plans to generate funds on its portion of land using the PPP model. However, Indian Railways does not have a policy on the commercial exploitation of land through the PPP model to execute a project of this nature,\" the official said.Asked about the controversy over funds, a Cidco official said: \"We are willing to share the cost on 50:50 basis, excluding the land that will be made available to execute the project.\"Meanwhile, a senior government official said all was not lost yet as the state had set up a committee to iron out the differences. \"The demand by the railways on Cidco sharing 2/3rd of the cost can be considered as the project is in the interests of the city,\" the official added.However, a senior railway official asserted that \"work on the Panvel coaching and terminal complex was unlikely to take off in the near future\".Shifting some long-distance trains (from CST and LTT) to Panvel was expected to allow the authorities to run more local services in the suburban sector. It would have also helped improve track- and OHE-maintenance work.The coach maintenance complex in Kalamboli where a terminus is planned for long-distance trains, was to have a state-of-the-art stabling yard for trains. It would have taken care of day-to-day maintenance of coaches and engines, besides mechanized cleaning and washing. . The complex, which will take at least four years to complete, will have a capacity to repair and clean around 10 trains at a time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14787475", "title": "Gazetted officers pledge to work for peoples' cause", "text": "GONDIA: General secretary of Maharashtra State Gazetted Officer's Association GL Kulthe called upon the members to do their work with a strong commitment to serve the society. Recently the association organized a work culture workshop in Gondia wherein the speakers aired their views about style of working of the officers and ways to improve them.In his address Kulthe said, \"There are 1.80 lakh gazetted officers in state. Recently, the state government decided to bestow the transfer powers of 80,000 class II gazetted officers on their department heads. It's a welcome decision as this gives fillip to the theory of decentralisation of power. And in this process the co-ordination committee can play a major role in protecting the genuine interest of the officers and avoid injustice to anybody.\"Kulthe further said, \"Keeping in mind the workload and responsibility, the gazetted officer should have five day a week work schedule. In fact, it is one of two our main demands. The other demand is increasing the retirement age to 60.\"About the residential facilities for the officers going to Mumbai, Kulthe said that a rest houses for them are already under construction at Bandra.In view of the recent fire at Mantralaya, he advised the officers to keep duplicate copy of their service records.Others who addressed this workshop included state organizer of the association Shivdas Wase, vice-president Dr Pramod Rakshamwar, officiating collector and resident deputy collector of Gondia Prakash Sharma and retired additional collector Kamlesh Sonale.Others who attended the workshop were additional collector SK Jadhav, district planning officer Krishna Firke, district planning officer SS Joshi, deputy SP Vasant Gaikwad, agriculture officer Vikas Humne, district information officer Vivek Khadse, scientist of Geological Survey of India Shirish Kulkarni, civil surgeon Naseem Akhtar, deputy engineer of irrigation department Rajendra Gaur and assistant conservator of forest Ashwin Thakkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14791258", "title": "From tomorrow, chemists to down shutters by 6 pm", "text": "PUNE: The chemists' association on Monday said that medical shops would remain open only for limited hours from Wednesday onwards in protest against prohibition on sale of allopathy medicine against prescription of non-allopathy doctors.The Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) authorities, however, made it clear that the prohibition was on sale of abortion drugs against prescription of non-competent doctors and not on sale of other allopathy drugs.\"Chemists' shops across the state will remain open only between 10 am and 6 pm from Wednesday onwards. If the state government failed to resolve the matter; the chemists will observe a total bandh from July 18,\" said Anil Navandhar, secretary, Maharashtra State Chemists and Druggists Association.FDA commissioner Mahesh Zagade said, \"The association has misinterpreted what I have said about sale of allopathy drugs. I said that abortion drugs should be sold only against prescription by competent allopathy doctors. The prohibition is not meant for sale of other allopathy drugs. The circular issued in this regard is there on the FDA's website.\"Navandhar, however, claimed that the FDA has initiated action against some chemists for sale of other allopathy drugs sold against prescription of ayurveda, homeopathy and unani doctors.\"The commissioner is changing his stand. He had said earlier that chemists should not sell allopathy drugs against prescription of non-allopathy doctors. When our delegation met him, he asked us to adhere to what the Drugs and Cosmetics Act 1940 says. But, if we follow the act, then healthcare in rural Maharashtra will collapse as all doctors practising in the state's interiors are ayurveda and homeopathy doctors who practise allopathy also,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14792722", "title": "Pascal's bail plea hearing tomorrow", "text": "BANGALORE: The 1st fast track magistrate court on Monday adjourned the hearing on the bail plea of French consulate official Pascal Mazurier, who is accused of raping his daughter, to Wednesday.This followed a request by the public prosecutor for more time to study the DNA test report.Mazurier, deputy head of chancery here, has been in judicial custody since June 20. Defence lawyers sought for bail producing a media report suggesting that DNA tests had come up with ambiguous findings. They also filed an application seeking a copy of the report.Contesting this, public prosecutor C R Raveendran said a media report should not be the ground for granting bail. Senior police officers said the court asked investigating officer D Devaraj to be in court at the next hearing. He is likely to be questioned about the DNA tests.Devaraj said a questionnaire has been sent to the DNA labs seeking clarity on ambiguous portions in the report. He added that the labs had to clarify on a lot of issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14790309", "title": "Faith for the fisher folk", "text": "MADURAI: Arockia Annai Church in Vadipatti town, 30 km away from Madurai in the periphery of the district, has turned into a favourite pilgrimage destination for thousands of fishermen on the western coast of Kanyakumari. After the 45-day fishing ban was implemented in the region on June 14, the coastal region that consists of more than 47 fishing hamlets is abuzz with activities as all the men are at home and most of the family functions happen during this period. Among the many events that take place in the coastal villages at this time, family pilgrimages are very prominent and for many, the Vadipatti shrine in Madurai is a favourite. \"Many of us go on pilgrimages during the fishing ban period and Vadipatti has earned a name for itself after Velankannai,\" says L Wilfred from Colachel who visits Vadipatti every year along with his family. For A Valanarasu and Justina from Pillaithoppu, their faith in Mother Mary is what brings them to Vadipatti every year. \"We are visiting Vadipatti this week to offer our prayers and seek blessings of Mother Mary for the safety and well being of our family members venturing into sea,\" Justina says.A visit to the church reveals that many families have come from Kanyakumari district to offer their prayers. \"During the fishing ban period, many families come to Vadipatti as it much closer compared to Velankanni. We come here with a lot of faith and most of our prayers are answered,\" says Rathnam from Thengapattinam who had come to the church with his family members.\"The fishermen hold on to God and divine providence because of the nature of their profession. They venture into the dangerous sea with a lot of hope and it is natural for them to have strong religious faith,\" says Tony Hamlet, parish priest of Eraviputhanthurai. \"Many of our laity visit Vadipatti, bring the holy water from the church and use the water for ailments,\" Tony says.Parish priest of Vadipatti, A Blaise also confirms that many pilgrims come from the coastal region and their number is steadily increasing after the church turned into a pilgrimage centre in 2001. \"They come as family pilgrimage and stay in Vadipatti. Many come here with lot of faith and their prayers are answered and we have established a conducive atmosphere in the church that helps people pray. There are not many attractions in this small town to distract people and it help them to concentrate on prayer,\" Blasie says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14789094", "title": "Furious over poor water supply, women lock up NMC engineer", "text": "NASHIK: An executive engineer of the water supply department of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), U B Dharmadhikari, was locked up by angry residents led by NCP corporator from ward 29 (A) Ranjana Pawar on Monday for over an hour at the department's office near GPO.A delegation of residents from Kumbharwada-Kazi Gadhi led by corporator Ranjana Pawar had met Dharmadhikari and submitted a memorandum over the issue of irregular and insufficient water supplyto the localities. The delegation mainly comprised of women who carried empty water pots with them.The engineer assured them that he would look into the matter. Not convinced over this response the agitators bolted the office door and locked Dharmadhikari in for an hour.While the engineer said that there had been an issue over water, he added that the decrease in supply was due to water cuts due to the delayed monsoon. \"We will monitor distribution, especially in the old areas, before making a deciion ,\" Dharmadhikari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14786681", "title": "Roger, Peter and Paul: Trio with a tryst", "text": "There's so much similarity between the current World No. 1 and Wimbledon champion Roger Federer and another of his ilk, Peter Sampras .For one thing, both were born in the second week of August - Sampras on August 12, Federer on August 8.The American legend first etched his name on the trophy in 1993 at the age of 22. Federer was also 22 when he won his maiden crown at the All England Club in 2003. And that's just the start of a long list.However, there's a link cutting across the years, watching quietly and unassumingly amid the applause that greeted the Swiss star on Wimbledon's Centre Court on Sunday when he beat Andy Murray for his seventh Wimbledon title - was coach Paul Annacone .The American was a common factor that hauled the two players back when success turned elusive. The 49-year-old, working tirelessly behind the scenes, appeared to answer a second calling after helping Sampras re-invent himself after the all-time great appeared to have lost his way.In a remarkable tryst, Federer, after emulating his role model Sampras' record, hit a two-year lean patch. After claiming his 16th Grand Slam title at the 2010 Australian Open, he failed to win a Slam until Sunday.Sampras, after breaking Roy Emerson's record at the 2000 Wimbledon, also suffered a temporary loss of form until the US Open 2002.Annacone, who took over as Sampras' coach after Tim Gullikson passed away, worked with him from 1995 to 2003 and though they parted ways for a brief period, it was Annacone's approach that allowed Sampras play his natural game - a turnaround that brought him his 14th Grand Slam title. Annacone was a net rusher and asked the great American to follow the same tactic with rich dividends.Similarly, when everything was going against Federer, Annacone maintained that Federer could win 20 Grand Slams. Although the Swiss star had hired several coaches - Peter Lundgren , Darren Cahill , Jose Higueras , Tony Roche and Severin Luthi - he never came up with the right balance. Eventually, prior to the 2010 US Open, he hired Annacone.When news broke out that Federer hired Annacone, Sampras was very enthusiastic about the decision and said it would work. Annacone, mindful that strategy for average players don't necessarily apply to great players like Federer and Sampras, induced patience along with keeping things simple with a clear view of what to achieve.The Swiss star, it appears, holds the same philosophy. He doesn't train as hard as others and Annacone endeavoured to fine tune his game, not overhaul it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14790558", "title": "Raje as party president will be a boon: Digambar Singh", "text": "JAIPUR: The sparks between the two camps in the state BJP refuse to die. The debate over the change in party leadership has strengthened further with the Vasundhara Raje camp leaders now openly backing her for state chief's post.Former minister Digambar Singh's comments have once again fueled the speculations over a change in the state BJP leadership. This has been the long pending demand of the Raje camp and it is believed that the Raje loyalists had made a similar demand in May when the former chief minister, upset with Kataria yatra in the tribal area, had threatened to resign from the primary membership of the party.However, even within the Raje camp, there are a few who believe that Raje might not be handed over the responsibility directly but chances are that the next party president would be the one who has her recommendation.However, Digambar Singh, a known Raje loyalist, seems confident that Raje would be taking over as the state president soon. \"Vasundhara Raje as the state party president would be a boon,'' said Digambar Singh on Monday. On Monday, he claimed that it has already been decided that she will have a strong say in decision related to the next assembly elections. State President Arun Chaturvedi refused to comment on Dr Digambar Singh's statements.\"It would be a good thing. Raje was the state president in 2003 when BJP came to power. This time too, if she leads, the party's performance would be good and the BJP's figure in the assembly would be around 150,'' he said.The former minister also hinted that senior party legislator Gulab Chand Kataria can take over as the Leader of Opposition in the assembly. \"He is a senior leader of the party and we all have faith in him,'' said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14789039", "title": "Government should recover money of duped investors", "text": "PANAJI: An NGO has demanded that the government recover the money a Pune-based couple that has duped many Goans. Addressing mediapersons, Michael Ferns, chairman of the Goa Citizens Welfare Trust (GCWT), stated that the government should recover the money from the couple and return the same to the Goan investors.Ferns said this was a \" 45 cr scam\" and \"2,500 people had been cheated\", but did not mention how he arrived at these figures. According to the police, they have so far received complaints from 10 people and the total amount invested by them amounted to 60 lakh. Ferns criticized chief minister Manohar Parrikar for not acting on the memorandum submitted by the GCWT to Parrikar three months ago.The GCWT also sought the government's immediate attention to the Institute of Psychiatry and Human Behaviour (IPHB). \"There has been no director in the IPHB for 11 years,\" said Eddie Tavares of GCWT. The institute is also lacking a medical superintendent, an occupational therapist, librarian and a rehabilitation centre, he added.Syed Abdul Aziz of GCWT demanded that bars and restaurants next to educational institutions should be relocated. He also called for a ban on the entry of Goans to casinos. Ferns alleged that girls rescued from raids on illicit activities were being kept in a protective home for months on end. The GCWT members later proceeded to the protective home in Merces and held a protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14791112", "title": "400m synthetic track to be functional by next academic year, Mangalore University VC says", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore University vice-chancellor TC Shivashankara Murthy has said the 400 metre synthetic track which was taken up a year ago at a cost of Rs 1.4 crore would finish by next the academic year.Speaking on the delay in the work, VC said, \"The work had come to halt for some days after a huge hard rock was found in the middle of the track.\" \"From the next year students of 197 colleges affiliated to the varsity can practise in the athletics track. After the completion of the track all athletic competitions will be organized on the MU campus only,\" said Shivashankaramurthy. This athletic track is an eight-lane track and the university has plans of converting it into a 10-lane track in future.Every year about 300 students from the varsity take part in various athletics competitions held in different parts of the country and currently it stands fifth among universities in India in sports. At present, the 32-year-old university depends on its constituent colleges in Ujire and Moodbidri to host intercollegiate and inter-university athletics meets. \"The new facility will help the varsity organize training camps for student who excel in athletics,\" said Kishore Kumar CJ, deputy director of physical education, MU. He also said that summer camps for athletes would be organized from the next academic year on the varsity campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14790493", "title": "CCTV cams to keep an eye on corporation schools", "text": "CHENNAI: After several private schools installed CCTV cameras on their campuses, it is now the turn of corporation schools to keep an eye on the students. The civic body, which plans to install CCTV cameras in 32 schools, is likely to install them in two schools next month as a pilot project. It is primarily to ensure that outsiders don't enter the campus, officials said.A senior corporation official said: \"This is based on the recommendation of National Accreditation Board for Education and Training. We are working to extend it to more schools after getting feedback from teachers and students.\"Some private schools in the city have CCTV cameras. The corporation's move, some parents said, was a good model for private schools lacking adequate security measures.A majority of corporation schools lack security guards and a few do not have gates or high walls. Officials said the cameras would be placed mainly at the gates. \"We will consult parents and teachers to find the strategic places to install the cameras,\" said a senior official.Many private schools are also reviewing CCTV footage to track bullying, misconduct and scuffles among students. CCTV surveillance also help them ensure punctuality among students and teachers.Corporation officials said they were considering providing the cameras with proper safeguards to avoid thefts. \"The main aim of installing cameras is to prevent outsiders entering schools. It will also ensure protection of vehicles of students and teachers,\" said one official.Some students said the proposed system should not intrude into their privacy. Students Federation of India state president K S Kanagaraj said: \"We are not against the proposal but they should not install CCTV cameras inside classrooms.\"Officials said the security situation would improve. \"It will also ensure that children are picked up only by their parents or guardians. School authorities can inform police if they spot an outsider selling drugs near the institution. This will also prevent students using cellphones on school premises,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14790566", "title": "Government employees, lawyers submit memos", "text": "AJMER: A tense situation was witnessed on Monday when the government employees' union and advocates came to give memorandums against each other at the district headquarters. Police tried to make peace between the two groups.Angry government employees went to the chairman of Rajasthan Revenue Board and gave a memorandum for providing security at the e-mitra kiosk. Employees shouted slogans demanding justice and accused police of one-sided action as they had arrested a government employee on the complaint of advocates but have still not made any arrested in connection with the vandalism by lawyers on Friday.Looking at the ruckus, advocates of the revenue board informed the district bar association where a common house was called on this issue. \"We were informed that government employees' association had came to attack advocates so we rushed to the spot,\" said an advocate.\"Looking to the situation we called extra force,\" said police. Deputy SP Vishnu Dutt Samtani was made in-charge of tackling the situation and many times advocates and employees charged on each other.Police kept patience and made efforts to control the situation. \"We came here to give memorandum to police against employees who misbehaved with advocate on last Thursday evening\" said Chander Bhan Singh Rathore of bar association.Police on Saturday arrested kiosk employee Lakhan Singh and produced him in court where no advocate came forward for him. Court sent Lakhan to jail. \"On the report of advocate, police arrested an employee but have taken no action against them who attacked the kiosk on Friday\" said employees' leader. Advocates are demanding to arrest other employees involved in beating of advocate. They are on strike since last Friday on this issue and work is suspended in courtsOn the complaint of advocate Inder Singh Tanwar, advocates on Friday went on revolting showdown and turned the kiosk office into a pile of debris. They smashed every thing from computers to counter of the office. Five people including two women employee at kiosk sustained injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "14790101", "title": "Morcha in for a fight in 31 GTA seats", "text": "DARJEELING: The Trinamool Congress and CPM will test their strength against Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) in 31 of the 45 GTA seats. The Morcha stands uncontested in 12 seats.The CPM has fielded candidates against Morcha chief Bimal Gurung and his wife Asha in Tukvar and Darjeeling-I constituencies. Trinamool is keen to give a fight to Morcha general secretary Roshan Giri and assistant secretary Binay Tamang at Sitong-Latpanchar and Bloomfield-Rishihat.Trinamool has fielded 18 candidates and CPM 13. The GJM is contesting all the seats and is unopposed in nine Darjeeling and three Kalimpong constituencies. CPM has not fielded any candidates in Kurseong after Saturday's assault on its cadres.Gurung was miffed when he learnt in Kolkata that Trinamool planned to contest the GTA polls. After his meeting with chief minister Mamata Banerjee , he had admitted to \"heated exchanges\" and vowed that GJM would win every seat \"no matter who contests\".The nomination process ended peacefully, said district magistrate Saumitra Mohan.After the assault on the CPM candidates in Kurseong on Saturday, the district administration had beefed up security on Monday. \"Today, there were no incidents as we had arranged foolproof security cover at the nomination centers in the three sub-divisions. We ensured that candidates were escorted to their nomination centers,\" Mohan said.Heavy security cover was deployed in and around offices of the district magistrate and SDOs while gun totting policemen cordoned off the nomination centers, allowing only candidates and their proposers inside.On Saturday, CPM candidates and former Rajya Sabha MP Saman Pathak was assaulted by GJM supporters and stopped on the way to the Kurseong SDO's office to file nominations. A Trinamool candidate was also allegedly stopped near the SDO office, but he managed to file his nomination.In fact, police arrested six GJM supporters from Kurseong in connection with the assault. They were released on bail on Sunday.\"There were no complaints from the three hills sub-divisions today. But we request that formal complaints be lodged at police stations if there are any and we will take action,\" said the DM.Despite the district administration's claim that nominations were filed sans intimidation on Monday, Trinamool candidate from the Sukna-Panighatta constituency in Kurseong Rajen Mukhia said, \"So many independent candidates came to file their nominations today. I don't know whether it was to block other political party's candidates. But if all have really filed their nominations then I will have to believe that democracy has returned to the Hills\". Interestingly, 43 candidates filed their nominations as independents. Trinamool has fielded 18 candidates from three Hills sub-divisions - four each in Darjeeling and Kurseong and 10 in Kalimpong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14789652", "title": "Board Shatabdi, reach N Bengal in eight hours", "text": "KOLKATA: Those who frequently travel from the city to North Bengal or vice versa, now have a reason to cheer. Frequent travellers from North Bengal to Kolkata and tourists from the city have reason to cheer.Come Thursday, Howrah and New Jalpaiguri will be connected by a Shatabdi Express from Thursday. This will be the fastest train till date between the two important locations in the state, covering the 570-odd km in only eight hours. Both the Darjeeling Mail and the Padatik Express - the two most popular trains between Sealdah and New Jalpaiguri - take over 10 hours to cover the distance. More importantly, it won't be an overnight journey.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee , who will visiting during her trip to North Bengal on Wednesday, will flag-off the train from Siliguri. This train will run at 'open fast timing'. Scheduled services for the 12041 Howrah-New Jalpaiguri Shatabdi Express will start from Howrah on Thursday. The train will start from Howrah at 2.15pm and reach New Jalpaiguri at 10.20pm. The 12042 New Jalpaiguri-Howrah Shatabdi Express will start from NJP at 5.35am to reach Howrah at 1.35 pm. The trains, in both directions will have seven AC chair car coaches and one executive car, apart from a generator car and an SLR bogie. On both directions, the trains will stop at Kishanganj, Malda Town and Bolpur and will run six days a week barring Sunday. The train will run six days a week (except Sunday).\"There was a long-standing demand for a Shatabdi Express between North Bengal and Kolkata. There is a huge rush of traders from North Bengal who travel to Kolkata on business. Most of them are not keen to waste a couple of nights for a few hours work in the city.Till now, they preferred to travel by the Darjeeling Mail or Padatik Express which starts from NJP in the evenings and reaches Sealdah early in the morning. They would be forced to spend the whole day and part of the evening in Kolkata before taking the Darjeeling Mail or Padatik Express back to NJP. These traders can now start from NJP early in the morning, reach Kolkata in the afternoon, finish their work in a few hours and take the overnight train back home. In this way, they need to spend barely 24 hours,\" an Eastern Railway official said.There are also many tourists from Kolkata - particularly those with children -who find it difficult to travel to places like Darjeeling or Sikkim immediately after reaching NJP early in the morning. In most cases, they reach their final destinations late in the afternoon, too tired to go sightseeing. With Shatabdi Express reaching NJP at 10.20pm, the tourists could spend the night at a hotel and start for Darjeeling or Sikkim early in the morning, reaching their destinations by noon.\"There is always a huge rush in trains between Kolkata and NJP. This train will help to ease the situation, particularly during vacations,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14797219", "title": "SC upholds conviction of former Bihar MP Anand Mohan in Gopalganj DM murder case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Supreme Court has upheld the conviction and life term of former Bihar MP Anand Mohan Singh in the murder of Gopalganj district magistrate.Anand Mohan, former MP from Sheohar, was awarded life term under Sections 302 (murder) and 109 (abetment of offence), of inciting a mob to lynch Gopalganj district magistrate Krishnaiah.Krishnaiah was lynched by a mob accompanying the cortege of a BPP leader Chotan Shukla on December 5, 1994. The officer was pulled out of a car, beaten up mercilessly and then shot dead.Anand Mohan, was the leader of the then Bihar People's Party (BPP) at the time of the murder. The BPP is now defunct.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "vizianagaram", "code": "14792174", "title": "Maoist dump found", "text": "VIZIANAGARAM: Security forces unearthed a major dump of Maoists in the faraway Duggeru forest area in Makkuva mandal of Vizianagaram district on Monday.The dump contained more than 40 kilos of explosive material and other weapons.Sources said the Greyhounds forces found the dump between Modangi and Balugeda areas near Yerra Samanthavalasa, which was once PWG Naxalites stronghold in the district.\"The movement of Maoists has weakened in the last five years. The rebels might have stored the explosives long ago,\" police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14791526", "title": "Anti-Corruption Bureau quizzes Yadgiri in cash-for-bail scam", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cash-for-bail case accused and Nacharam history-sheeter Yadagiri Rao was taken into custody by Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths on Monday.On Monday morning, an ACB team went to the Chanchalguda prison, where Yadgiri Rao was in judicial remand, and took him into custody. He was then shifted to ACB head quarters at Moazamjahi market where the Central Investigation Unit (CIU) team headed by joint director Sampath Kumar interrogated him till evening.The history-sheeter was later taken back to Chanchalguda prison. He would be again brought to the ACB office on Tuesday morning and the same routine would continue till the custody period gets over on Friday. So far, ACB has arrested four persons, including former judge TV Chalapati Rao, suspended CBI judge T Pattabhirama Rao, his son Ravi Chandra and Yadgiri Rao in the scam.Three more accused in the case, including advocate Aditya, Karnataka MLAs Gali Somesekhar Reddy and Suresh Babu, are yet to be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14789582", "title": "Cong takes FB route to slug it out with TMC", "text": "KOLKATA: Political battles in Bengal seem to have found a virtual arena.After Mamata Banerjee's page on Facebook proved to be a major draw, now it is the turn of Pradesh Congress and its 67-year-old president Pradip Bhattacharya. In a hard-hitting Facebook post on Monday, his first, Bhattacharya claims Trinamool Congress's misadventure on the Prez poll has put the latter in a blind alley and made them politically insignificant.The focus of Bhattacharya's post, however, is his one-time colleague in the Bengal cabinet. In 1972-76, when Bhattacharya - a first-time MLA - found a place as MoS labour in the Sidhartha Shankar Ray cabinet, Subrata Mukherjee, also a first-time legislator, was making waves as a student leader and found an important place in the cabinet as the panchayat and rural development minister. While Bhattacharya is still in Congress, as its Rajya Sabha MP and state president, Subrata is again a panchayat and rural development minister, but in the Trinamool Congress-led government. Subrata is also Mamata's hand-picked Trinamool \"spokesperson\" on the presidential poll imbroglio.Bhattacharya wrote, \"Politicians need to keep in mind that young generations are looking at them as role models. Subrata Mukherjee's pathetic rhetoric against the next President of India may be self satisfying in a perverse way - but exhibits a very un-Bengali, mean and unnecessary example in front of millions of young Bengalis.\" \"But what else you can expect from a frustrated group of politicians? Despite having a thumping majority to develop the state, they are more busy in developing \"conspiracy\" theory to cover their ineptness, group fighting and misadventures. Doesn't it resemble the CPM stand during 70s and 80s - when \"conspiracy\" theory was its only mantra?\" he says.Bhattacharya adds, \"On the issue of next presidential election, misadventure has put TMC in a blind alley and made them politically insignificant. But does that justify that they will vent out their frustration publicly in such a derogatory way against the most prominent Bengali statesman Shri Pranab Mukherjee? It's a sad day for Bengal and all Bengalis are feeling ashamed.\"Subrata doesn't have a Facebook profile. His party supremo does. However, it appears the Congress effort has a long way to go, till it catches up with Trinamool - at least on Facebook. Mamata's webpage has been \"liked\" by 88, 296, with her posts drawing an average of 2,500 likes and 1,000 comments. Her June 30 post promising a lasting peace in Darjeeling, drew over 4,500 \"likes\" and over 1,200 comments alone. In the five hours that Bhattacharya posted his, only nine people had \"liked\" the post.Trinamool Rajya Sabha MP Derek O' Brian puts it in context. \"It isn't only about a Facebook page, Trinamool Congress has an interactive website updated every 15 minutes and Twitter deals with over 80,000 followers. Trinamool, as a party, doesn't only tolerate social media but embraces it. The social media is only a clog in the wheel of a 360 degree communication, which also involves banners, rallies, TV and print media,\" he says. For Congress, however, there is still hope. It can take a lesson from its leader Shashi Tharoor , with nearly a million followers on Twitter, he is ahead of Narendra Modi , Sushma Swaraj , Omar Abdullah and Trinamool's Derek O Brian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14791834", "title": "Restoring city's past glory", "text": "INDORE: The city also known as 'mini Mumbai' or the 'financial capital of Madhya Pradesh' has a rich heritage and is among the fastest growing cities in the country. TOI show cases some of the people who have done their bit for the cause of the city, in its run-up to the first anniversary. Right from conservation of rich cultural heritage to donating land for developmental projects, Indoreans have stood apart, setting an example for the rest of the country and making the city proud.Himanshu Dudwadkar, 35, is one among the many Indoreans, who has been striving to protect the cultural heritage of the city. The 35-year-old Indore-based architect along with Shreya Bhargava, another architect, successfully restored the Malhari Martand temple at Rajwada constructed by the scion of Holkar dynasty, Usha Raje Holkar, to its past glory.Made of wood, the Holkars' temple of Malhari Martand (a combined form of Lord Shiva and Surya) was destroyed in a major fire in 1984 which caused immense damage to the edifice. This project received the UNESCO world heritage award which was a great inspiration for Himanshu and Shreya. Buyoed by the success, they decided to set up a body that would initiate the task of restoration of the varied heritage of the city. He started with the listing of the heritage sites that had to be restored.Before commencing the actual fieldwork, he gathered basic information from various sources including gazetteers, travel books, and other specialized books on the history of the area to be listed. This ensured that no important structure or representative style of the building was left out.Himanshu had initiated the restoration of many important places like Chattri Bagh and was also involved in reviving the 250-year-old painting at Maheshwar. The fact that the city should be made tourist-friendly is also looked upon by these people. The proposal for the restoration of Krishnapura Chattri and Hawa Bangla are pending and it will be taken up soon.Himanshu says, \"The city has a vast potential and the rapid modernization and the quest to be a metro is some what affecting its legacy and cultural identity. In the process of development conservation of heritage seems to be a long lost topic.\"It was this fact that made me decide to do something for the restoration of the rich and varied heritage.As one of the most obvious symbols of national and local culture, historic buildings and areas can have considerable educational value to teachers, tourists and the young populace. So, Himanshu has tried to target the youngsters of the city with the help of exhibitions of photography, paintings and arts. He is trying to eliminate the long settled notion among the young people that conserving the heritage is basically an anti-development strategy.Often, historic areas are punctuated with landmark buildings, such as churches, temples, mosques or town halls that provide reference points in the local built landscape. The tourists also visit the city to adore the beautiful structures so it is important to restore them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14788168", "title": "5 dengue, 86 malaria cases in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the city welcomes the monsoon, it's not all reason to rejoice. Accompanying the rain each year is dengue, malaria and other mosquito-borne diseases. This year, there have been five confirmed cases of dengue and 86 cases of malaria, which is almost the double the number of cases reported last year till July 9.Municipal authorities held a meeting on Monday to discuss the ways to check the breeding of mosquitoes and intensify the awareness programs. \"One patient from Civil Lines, North Delhi was confirmed positive for dengue last week. Before this, we had a patient from Shahdara who was diagnosed with the mosquito-borne disease. The total number of dengue cases reported till date is five,\" said Dr N K Yadav, municipal health officer. He said that meetings are being held regularly to take stock of the medicines and manpower needed to fight the disease.\"This year, the malaria cases have gone up to 86 as against 40 cases reported last year till this time of the year. No new chikungunya case has been reported though. Five cases of chikungunya were reported between January and February,\" Yadav added.He said that with the arrival of the monsoon season, breeding of mosquitoes in water stagnating in the surrounding and household items like the coolers, flower vase, unclean overhead tanks is common. A survey by the National Vector-Borne Diseases Control Program in the Capital recently found mosquitoes to be breeding at more than 12,000 offices and households .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14789989", "title": "Cable operators fleece clueless set-top-box customers", "text": "KOLKATA: Have you ever imagined how life would be without television? The very thought can spoil your mood. Television has become an inseparable part of lives and that is exactly what cable operators are taking advantage of.The transition process of the cable television regime from analog to digital has been full of glitches and anything but transparent. To top it, the rates of set-top-boxes (STB) haven't been standardized. While in some areas of the city operators are asking for Rs 600 per STB, in others they are asking for double the price. Perplexed customers are wondering if an STB would be the ideal choice or a direct-to-home (DTH) service would be better.Madhu Sardar, a resident of Rammoy Road in Bhowanipore, said his cable operator is asking for Rs 800 to install the STB, but has hinted that the post-installation monthly rental will increase from Rs 200 to Rs 300. \"It is indeed very confusing. If this confusion continues, I will opt for DTH,\" he said. Sarkar subscribes to Siti Cable.The information and broadcasting ministry has recently decided to extend the date of digitization rollout from July 1, 2012 to November 1, 2012. All the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) rules for digital addressable system (DAS) will come into effect from November 1, 2012.Kolkata Police has given strict instructions to the multi-service operators (MSO) that they should be transparent about the rates and stocks of STBs so that the end customers are not harassed by cable operators.Debrata Bandyopadhyay of Bagbazar relayed an even queerer tale. \"We have three rates prevailing in our area. Our cable operator said they can install STBs at Rs 600, Rs 800 or Rs 1,500,\" he quipped. To avoid any post-installation problems, Bandyopadhyay opted for the Rs 1,500 variety, which comes with a three-year guarantee, replacement in case the machine develops a problem. In case of the Rs 600 variety, the monthly rental is supposed to increase.All these transactions, however, are done without a receipt. In places like Howrah (west) and Uttarpara, cable operators are charging Rs 600 for an STB whereas in Sodepur, it is Rs 1,000.Asked about these transactions, Siti Cable director Suresh Sethia said: \"Cable operators should not be charging higher prices for STBs. Siti Cable is charging between Rs 800 and 850 (taking into account rupee depreciation) per STB. Cable operators should also provide bills against every transaction,\" he said.Sudip Ghosh, the director of another MSO in the city, Manthan, said their STBs cost around Rs 799. Manthan caters to around 30-32% of KMDA area. Out of that, STBs have already been installed in 65% to 70% of households, he claimed. In KMC area, Manthan has 38-40% presence. \"We ask all our cable operators to get the Subscriber Activation Form filled up by the consumer. It has three copies. One lies with us (MSOs), one with local cable operators and another copy with the consumers. This is a must,\" he asserted.H S Saggu of Chakraberia Road (North), who has a Manthan connection, said his cable operator had initially asked for Rs 800, but now is asking for Rs 1,000. He is in two minds over whether to avail the facility.Both Sethia and Ghosh said Siti Cable and Manthan respectively were coming up with websites for consumer redress and they would also have a toll-free number to take complaints from consumers.\"We will soon start running consumer awareness programmes on our local channels,\" said Ghosh. Asked how they planned to address the complaints, Sethia said at first the customer care department would try to address the problems. If they failed, the nodal officer would take charge. The TRAI has directed every MSO to appoint one nodal officer for consumer redress. Otherwise, consumers are free to knock at the door of the Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal ( TDSAT).All the MSOs in the city have so far been able to give STBs to 40% of the population. These STBs are shipped from China. Each shipment comes with 20,000-25,000 STBs. According to estimation done by operators and DTH players, there will be requirement of around 30-35 lakh STBs in Kolkata. There are around 10,000 cable operators in the city and 15 MSOs in West Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14789667", "title": "Bihar School Examination Board topper scores 56/100", "text": "PATNA: If the results of entrance tests conducted by different colleges of Patna University (PU) are any indication, students passing the intermediate examination from Bihar School Examination Board (BSEB) are far less skilled than their CBSE or ICSE counterparts.A candidate figuring in the top 10 in the BSEB exam conducted this year, managed to secure just 56 marks in the entrance test conducted by Vanijya Mahavidyalaya for admission to the BCom (Hons) course.In the entrance test conducted by Patna Women's College for admission to the same course, less than five girl pass-outs from the BSEB could find place among altogether 160 candidates selected. The remaining candidates passed the +2 exam either from CBSE or ICSE, said PU students' welfare dean Ezaj Ali Arshad.The results of entrance tests for admission to BA (Hons) and BSc (Hons) of biology stream in B N College, which were announced on Monday evening, also indicated the same trend.The results of entrance tests conducted by Magadh Mahila College, Patna College and Patna Science College are yet to be declared, but it is anticipated that the story would be no different in their case too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14787861", "title": "Ganga still away from Massacre ghat despite rain", "text": "KANPUR: Though the level in Ganga had increased but the water is still away from Massacre ghat in Cantt. The heavy rainfall so far was not enough to flood the ghat. But there is a ray of hope as the water being released from Narora dam and heavy rainfall in the hills of Uttarakhand may do the needful.At present, the river is more than 500 metres away from Massacre ghat. The people have to walk upto the mainstream to take a dip or have a bath.During this period of the year, the river gets flooded with water. The drivers become active at Massacre ghat and do not allow people to take bath in deep waters. But this year such a situation is missing. Instead, the ghat is full of filth and garbage. Pigs can be seen loitering on the river bed. Heaps of rotten flowers, polythene packets, 'puja samagri', idols of gods and goddesses etc could witnessed spread at the place. Surprisingly, no one from the Cantt Board has paid attention towards the ghat. It is most modern and beautiful and has a number of amenities to its credit.The nature-lovers and those who have fascination for the Ganga have expressed disappointment that the holy month of Shravan is going on and the ghat is yet not clean. People gather here to see the natural width of the river.The drivers become active at Massacre ghat and do not allow people to take bath in deep waters. But this year such a situation is missing. Instead, the ghat is full of filth and garbage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14788432", "title": "Regional transport offices to soon have e-payment facility", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The regional transport offices in the state will soon be spared of long queues. The e-payment system which will ensure fast payment of fees, vehicle tax and cess at motor vehicles department will be extended to all regional transport offices in the state within three months.This was announced by transport minister Aryadan Muhammed while launching the e-payment facility at regional and sub-regional transport offices in the district here on Monday. The minister said that with e-payment being implemented in all transport offices, the burden of the people will be lightened. \"It will save time and ensure fast payment of taxes,\" said Aryadan Muhammad.With the e-payment facility, the public can pay tax for 24 kinds of services. The facility on www.keralamvd.gov.in can be utilized for this purpose. Transport commissioner KS Balasubramaniam and other officials attended the inaugural function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14792119", "title": "A day before exam, DAV V finally wakes up", "text": "INDORE: Nearly 200 management students studying in various colleges affiliated to Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) had a narrow escape from missing their third semester examination.The varsity finally woke up from its deep slumber and declared the ATKT results of first semester examination, here on Monday. As the colleges were not allowing the students to sit for the third semester examination without the ATKT results, the miffed students, on Monday, visited the varsity along with students' union representatives to meet the registrar and the vice-chancellor. Vice-chancellor Dr DP Singh however took cognizance of the matter and the results were declared just a day before the examination.The exam was initially scheduled to begin from June 30, but as the ATKT results were pending, students had requested the varsity to extend the examination dates. However, extension of dates too could not solve the purpose as the results were not out till Monday morning.Javed Khan, district secretary, NSUI said, \"On June 29, students had approached the varsity with similar complaint after which examination was extended to July 10. But, due to lackadaisical approach, varsity could not declare the results in 10 days time. Only after the protest, they woke up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14788650", "title": "Death of a pregnant woman sparks row", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The death of a pregnant woman at the Women and Children Hospital at Thycaud sparked of a controversy with the relatives alleging medical negligence as the cause of death.The relatives of Keerthi, 29, from Aanadu near Nedumangadu said that they were kept in the dark about the death till very late. They alleged that the hospital authorities had informed the Thampanoor police before telling them about the death. This also raised suspicion about a foul play by the hospital authorities.\"Though the hospital records say that the death was due to a cardiac arrest, the doctors told us she had died due to fits,\" said Renuka Devi, Keerthi's mother.The relatives of the deceased refused to accept the body without post-mortem. They also demanded that the inquest be prepared in the presence of the revenue divisional officer (RDO). Later it was decided to prepare the inquest in the presence of the RDO. It was also decided that a special team of doctors will do the post mortem. The body was later shifted to the mortuary of the Medical College hospital and the post-mortem will be held on Tuesday. Meanwhile Thampanoor police have registered a case for unnatural death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14790542", "title": "Man accused of murder beaten to death", "text": "CHENNAI: A 25-year-old murder accused was allegedly beaten to death by three of his friends during a game of carrom at ICF on Sunday.As the victim, Sridhar of Padi, was found dead on the ground in front of a three-storey apartment complex, his family members and neighbours claimed he may have fallen from the terrace and died.Police inquiries revealed that Sridhar entered into an altercation with three other friends while playing carrom and assaulted them. The three then beat him with a cricket bat and pushed him from the terrace.Later, police nabbed Munnah, Manivel and Satish who confessed to committing the murder. They were later remanded in judicial custody.Police said Sridhar, accused of murdering a man named Arunagiri in 2009 at ICF, recently came out on bail. On Sunday, he went his mother-in-law's house in Ambedkar Puram 'V' block in ICF. He went to the terrace and got into a game of carrom with his friends.During the game, he demanded that one of his friends give him money for expenses and sent another friend, Satish, to buy cigarettes. When Satish returned empty-handed, Sridhar allegedly abused him.Satish and the two others then beat him with sticks and a cricket bat. They threw him from the terrace and fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14790125", "title": "Audience laps up treat from Slovakia", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On the second day of the ongoing European Film Festival, a movie from Slovakia, 'Apricot Island', was screened at Bhargava Auditorium, PGI, on Monday. The film is about the impulsive passion of three men towards one woman.Directed by Peter Bebjak, the movie interested all age groups at the auditorium. The week-long festival had marked its beginning here on Sunday with the screening of an Italian film, 'Wedding and other disasters'. It revolved around 40-year-old Nana, who ran a small bookstore. The original title of the movie -- directed by Nina Di Majo -- was 'Matrimoni E Altri Disastri'.On Tuesday, a film from Denmark, 'Aching Hearts', will be screened at the same time. It revolves around high school sweethearts Jonas and Agnete, their friendships and families, trials and tribulations. The film talks about feelings of betrayal and jealousy of first love.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "14791221", "title": "Chikmagalur women breed aquarium fish", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: Women in Mudigere taluk have started rearing ornamental fish for profit. Currently, a dozen women have started rearing fish in the backyard of their houses with the assistance of the fisheries wing of the Regional Research Centre at Mudigere.\"The aquarium culture has started gaining ground and most of the houses want to have one at least one aquarium with ornamental fish. Even business establishments have shown interest. In this backdrop, the department has started rearing ornamental fish and a number of women in the taluk have come forward,\" Fisheries wing head and assistant professor AV Swamy told TOI.He said, cement ponds measuring 6x4.5 ft are sufficient to rear gold fish, which are much sought after and each of them can be sold anywhere between Rs 60 and Rs 80.Three males and two females would be released in the pond first and after the eggs are laid, hatching starts in another four days. Even after taking into consideration the mortality rate, one can get around 1,000 hatchlings. Once they weigh 100 gm, they can be sold. Gold fish rearing can fetch more than Rs 30,000-40,000 and the department helps those interested, Swamy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14791326", "title": "Power department study trips take things nowhere", "text": "LUDHIANA: Three official trips to Ahmedabad, Pune and Jaipur and all the inspiration from there have done little to change the city's struggle with tangled overhead high tension wires. The power department's final consensus is that it is difficult to lay all wires underground because it is not easy to maintain it.Announcements regarding high tension wires being shifted underground had started in 2008 with then MP Shiranjit Singh Dhillon saying they had adopted Barewal as a model and if it is successful there, the move will be replicated across the city. In 2009, a group of engineers went to Ahmedabad, which was the first city for adopting and implementing the project of successfully laying wire underground.In 2010, officials made another announcement that they would move high tension wires in city's main markets underground and work will begin from Feroze Gandhi market. Even this claim remained unfulfilled. Again in 2011, after visiting Pune and Jaipur and studying the system there, officials announced that they will move wires on Pakhowal Road, Hambran Road and Ferozepur Road but residents have seen no signs of change.Requesting anonymity, an engineer who had gone to Jaipur and Pune, said, \"Here nobody wants to adopt a new technique because they are afraid of maintenance. Moreover the system in Jaipur is much advanced and organized but on the other hand in our city there is hardly any coordination.\" He added that Ludhiana and Jaipur are similar in terms of power load but in Jaipur there are 85 grid sub-stations whereas this industrial town has only 26 grid sub-stations making it tough to replicate the system here.Residents condemn the power department for its failure in fulfilling announcements even after three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14789714", "title": "Fate of 97 Magadh University affiliated colleges uncertain", "text": "GAYA: With the Magadh University (MU) Syndicate putting on hold the proposal to grant/extend affiliation to colleges of questionable nature, the fate of no less than 97 of the 105 affiliated colleges under MU hangs in balance. The university, on its part, has constituted a high level committee to physically verify the infrastructure, faculty and regularity of academic activities before finalising its response to the proposal to grant/extend affiliation to these institutions.Not only MU, the state government, too, has put a large number of affiliated colleges of the university on the scanner following detection of alleged fraud to claim financial assistance from the government on the basis of false statement regarding the facilities available and other mandatory requirements. The government has sought detailed report from the university following the detection of gross irregularities.Most of the institutions on the government scanner, according to university insiders, are virtual degree shops having negligible infrastructure and 'floating' faculty surviving on the whims and fancies of the degree shop operators. The government and the university have received complaints of embezzlement of public money meant for distribution among the teaching and non-teaching staff. Classrooms, laboratory, library, playground etc, the mandatory requirements for the college exist only on paper in quite a few of the degree shops, while other institutions magnify their small infrastructure to claim funds.The worst part of the story, according to MU officiating VC Arun Kumar, was that most of these colleges do not follow recruitment norms and such appointments have not been approved by the statutory bodies like the College Service Commission and the University Selection Committee.The officiating VC said that he was determined to force the closure of the degree shops and only viable units having the requisite infrastructure, students and faculty will be allowed to function in the university. Kumar regretted that the inspectors appointed to visit the colleges and make their recommendations, in most cases are hand in glove with the degree shop owners and make recommendation on extraneous consideration. The inspectors, who make affiliation recommendation on extraneous considerations will also be made accountable for their actions, said the officiating VC.The degree shop phenomenon first surfaced in 2004 when it was detected that no less than 455 students appeared in Chemistry (Hons) from Lalu Mandal college. The number of examinees in physics, botany and zoology in the college stood at 642, 150 and 452. Intake in honours subjects even in the premier institutions like AN College, Patna, was not more than 60 in one subject. The then chancellor Rama Jois had ordered an inquiry by Justice Prem Shankar Sahay into the matter. But nothing was heard on the subject thereafter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14792050", "title": "Hike in subscriptions, DTH players set to lose ground", "text": "INDORE: The growth of Dish TV, a direct-to-home (DTH) service provider has been hit in the state following a hike in subscription price and the set-top-box. The company has hiked its monthly subscription by Rs 20 and set-top-box (STB) price by about Rs 200 earlier this month.The company's STB now costs Rs 1790 while Airtel another service provider is mulling a hike in subscription tariff but the others are adopting a wait and watch strategy. The hike is subscriptions would affect the two lakh subscribers of DTH service in the state but will deter the new consumers from opting to the service.Post announcement of its subscription fee hike, which became effective since July 3, the sales of new Dish TV connections has come down by almost 20% over the past week, said an executive of a retail electronics outlet requesting anonymity. Operators like Tata Sky and Videocon d2h are the gainers, he added.The operator claims that they had to take the decision to hike tariff to deal with the impact of rupee devaluation against the US dollar.In an e-mail reply to TOI, Shashi Arora, CEO, Airtel digital TV, said, \"Pricing of our services has always been based on the input costs and competitive benchmarking. In the recent past, high entertainment tax and customs duties levied on our products coupled with the steep appreciation of dollar has forced us to make some pricing correction. Our endeavour will continue to provide the best value proposition to our customers\". However, he didn't disclose the quantum of price hike at his company.Interestingly, the move by the DTH operator comes in the wake of the price hike in STBs by the cable operators. Secondly, the DTH operators have recently charged a large sum from their subscribers in the name of replacing the existing STBs with high definition (HD) one.Anand Gupta, spokesperson of cable operators and MSO Association, said, \"The move by the DTH operators will result in switching over of their subscribers back to cable operators.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14796516", "title": "Uday Chopra turns B-Town's unlikely playboy", "text": "Once the lesser brother, with arguable box office success, Uday Chopra now seems to be slowly coming into his own. Only four months ago Uday was put in charge of YRF's international division and he seems to have realised that with great power, comes great appeal. After being a doting \"mentor\" to Parineeti Chopra for the past few months, he is now paying close attention to pouty beauty Nargis Fakhri .We spotted Uday at a cosy dinner with the Rockstar actress a couple of days ago. And they had even caught up for coffee at a suburban five star a few days before that. A friend of Nargis however said that the two were with others.A source said that the two met within the YRF office premises and hit it off instantly. \"Nargis knows a senior official at YRF and is a regular visitor there. Uday bumped into her one day,\" added the source.Needless to say, gone are the days when Uday would be seen moping over his break-up with Tanisha Mukerji. Reportedly, the Neal 'N' Nikki jodi had been going strong for many years and was headed straight for the mandap until Tanisha insisted on a pre-nuptial agreement to secure her future in case things didn't go happily ever after. The staunchly traditional Chopras were offended and stepped in.Apparently Uday took the break-up very badly and has only now begun to recover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14791776", "title": "Training programme for Haj pilgrimage held", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A total of 716 Haj pilgrims have been selected from Allahabad district for Haj pilgrimage this year. After the selection, the UP State Haj Committee has decided to offer training session to these selected pilgrims with an aim that they should not feel any sort of problem during the pilgrimage. The pilgrims will be imparted training on different schedules from July 11 to 14.Secretary, UP State Haj Committee said training will be imparted to Haj pilgrims at Madrassa Darul Uloom , Gharib Nawaz Mirza Galib Road on July 11, Madrassa Jamia Mazi Diyawahidiya Gadikala, Leader road on July 12, Ornelus Higher Secondary school, Noorullah road on July 13 and Madarsa Khadijatul Kubra Lilabnat ward No 8, Khanpark , Handia on July 14.Secretary added that haj pilgrims can attend the training session as per their connivance at any place so that they should not feel any sort of problem during the haj pilgrimage. As many as 200 selected pilgrims can attend the training session at any center on one time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14796925", "title": "'Bol Bachchan' to reach the 100-cr mark?", "text": "Rohit Shetty's Bol Bachchan, starring Ajay Devgn, Abhishek Bachchan, Asin and Prachi Desai in the lead, seems to have had a spectacular opening. The film has grossed rs 43.10 cr over the weekend in India. A trade source says, \"The action comedy opened at 12.10 crores net on Friday and 14 crores net on Saturday. The Net Box office in India saw a phenomenal increase on Sunday, contributing to the day's total of 17crores (approx), with numbers still coming in from all centers.\"The film is reportedly turning out to be Devgn-Shetty's biggest films, having generated 36% higher figures than Singham and around 43% bigger than Golmaal 3 during their opening day. In the international scenario, the film has grossed US$ 2.06 mn over the weekend with the split as follows US - US$ 540000, UK - US$ 255000, Middle East - US$ 650000, Australia - US$ 167000, Rest of the World - US$ 450000.If the trend continues, the film will soon reach the 100-crore mark in Bollywood !", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14790004", "title": "GMH-16 card counter shift causes inconvenience to patients", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On Monday morning, long queues were seen outside the out patient department's card registration counter shed of Government Multi-specialty Hospital in Sector 16, as it was locked. Attendants waited for hours only to be informed that the window has been shifted to the emergency building.According to officials, the department was closed after some parts of the shed collapsed on Saturday midnight following heavy rain. \"I came early in the morning to get my mother's registration card. After hours we were informed that the window has been shifted,\" said Ramesh Kumar, a resident of Sector 40.While Dr S D Bakshi from GMSH said, \"We had to shift these windows in emergency and we are trying our best to facilitate patients coming from outside for treatment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14790308", "title": "Students' passport mela to be held in Trichy, Thanjavur", "text": "TRICHY: The regional passport office, Trichy will hold a students' passport mela on July 14 in Trichy and Thanjavur, the first time since the Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) began functioning.The mela will facilitate students to apply for a passport without a prior online appointment, thus saving them from waiting a week for the same. Students can come with a duly filled online registered application form obtained from www.passportindia.gov.in and the required documents to attend the mela. All students above 16 years of age with a minimum 10th standard qualification can take part in the mela.The idea for holding an exclusive mela was sparked in the wake of a surge in the number of students thronging the PSKs in Trichy and Thanjavur that come under the regional passport office, Trichy to obtain passports, said regional passport officer (RPO) K Balamurugan.\"Most of the students from the eight districts of Trichy, Karur, Pudukkottai, Ariyalur, Perambalur, Thanjavur, Thiruvarur and Nagapattinam have been applying for passports with an aim to pursue different courses abroad. But the RPO has to reject student applications that do not have the all the required information and documents. This creates a lot of problem for the students and some lose their opportunity to go abroad for their studies,\" Balamurugan said.\"We value the precious time between their school results and the course admission. They should not fail to reach their goal because of such trivial issues. Hence we plan to sort out all the issues by holding such an exclusive camp where they can get their applications processed,\" he added.Tokens will be issued from 9am to 11am on the day, on a first-come-first-serve basis for 350 and 250 applicants in Thanjavur and Trichy PSK's respectively. Applicants should submit the printed copy of the online registered form, birth certificate if born on or after 26/01/1989, address proof, 12th standard marks card for non-ECR purpose, bonafide certificate issued by the college and student identity card.In addition, the RPO has advised applicants below 18 years of age to submit the valid passport of the parents along with annexure 'H' signed by the parents. In case they do not possess a valid passport, an affidavit with their declaration for not holding or applying for a passport and a no objection for issuing passport to their minor child can be submitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14789271", "title": "Police arrest gun-maker in T P Chandrasekharan murder case", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police have arrested Thadathil Thankachan, hailing from Kelakam in Kannur, for manufacturing the revolver recovered from Kodi Suni when he was arrested from Modakozhimala by the Special Investigation Team on June 13.The dagger in possession of the killer gang at the time of arrest also was made by Thankachan, police said.Meanwhile, Thalassery district and sessions judge on Monday dismissed the anticipatory bail plea of Rejikanth, another accused in the T P Chandrasekharan murder case. Rejikanth is suspected to have followed the Innova car used by the assailants of Chandrasekharan.Thalassery police arraigned T K Rajeesh, another accused in the murder, in a case related to bomb throwing at Ponniam in May 2009. Five RSS workers suffered injuries in the attack. Nine accused in the case have already been arrested and Rajeesh is made the tenth accused following his confession to the SIT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14787895", "title": "Drivers at risk from Moolchand frame on Ring Road", "text": "NEW DELHI: Driving on Ring Road, be careful while crossing the stretch between Moolchand and Defence Colony. Otherwise, you might ram into the 20-foot-long metal structures lying on the footpath and the main carriageway for the past 10 days.The public works department (PWD) dismantled the metal structures, which were part of the overhead covering of the Moolchand underpass, after a large vehicle got stuck in the underpass about 10 days ago. It, however, did not take away the structure and left it on either side of Ring Road.While a portion of the structure has been placed on the carriageway in front of the Defence Colony police station, the other part is lying on the pavement across the road, posing a serious road safety hazard, especially in the night.Traffic officials have contacted PWD twice but nothing has been done so far. \"Though these structures are not causing much of traffic snarls, they can lead to road safety hazards. We have asked the civic agency to remove or reaffix the structures immediately,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.However, PWD officials claim that removing the structures would be unnecessary if these can be reaffixed. \"The structures were placed by DTTDC and we are in touch with it to see whether the structures need to be replaced or can simply be reused. If they can be reused, it would be unadvisable to move the structures which are heavy,\" said PWD director (works) Deepak Panwar.For the time being, PWD is planning to place safety signs. \"We have instructed officials to place reflective tape on the structures so that they can be viewed from a distance. This will be done immediately,\" said Panwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14788544", "title": "Cousin killed eunuch for control of north Delhi dera", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lust for power and wealth drove a man to kill his influential eunuch cousin in April. Announcing the arrest of the main accused and his associates on Monday, police said Ranjita, chief of a eunuch dera or seminary, was murdered by her 36-year-old cousin Laxman and his cohorts Satish and Paras. Days later, they also killed Ranjita's aide Sharmila to wipe out opposition within the dera.Police said the trio worked in the dera at Majnu ka Tila, north Delhi. \"Ranjita's dera has territorial control over eunuchs in Delhi, Sri Ganganagar (Rajasthan) and Hoshiarpur (Punjab). Laxman's plan was to eventually become the head of the dera and enjoy a lavish lifestyle,\" said Chhaya Sharma, DCP, south district, on Monday.While Ranjita's burnt body was found in Sri Ganganagar on April 28, Sharmila's was found in Muradnagar on May 8.During interrogation of the accused, police learnt that Ranjita had acquired property and wealth in Delhi and Rajasthan with Laxman's help, however she paid him only Rs 300 per day as expenses. Laxman, who had spent 14 years at the dera, and the two others allegedly strangled Ranjita and took her body to Sri Ganganagar, where it was burnt.\"Next morning, they declared that their guru had been eliminated,\" said Sharma, adding, when Sharmila spoke against them, they forcibly took her away and beat her to death with sticks.\"Sharmila's body was packed in a suitcase and thrown on the highway near Muradnagar. Then, it was burnt.\"Police found the three accused in possession of a pistol with three live cartridges, a van, mobile phones, Rs 3 lakh cash, and gold jewellery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14788638", "title": "NCW seeks report on Pinki Pramanik from Kolkata police", "text": "NEW DELHI: Concerned over reports of ill treatment of former athlete Pinki Pramanik, the National Commission for Women (NCW) has asked the Kolkata police for a report.NCW officials said the authorities have been asked to reply in a week. In a statement, NCW said, \"The commission has sought action taken report from the director general of prisons and commissioner of police, Kolkata regarding this matter within a week.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "peddapuram (east godavari)", "code": "14792465", "title": "MLA P Gandhi Mohan 'attacks' journalist", "text": "PEDDAPURAM (EAST GODAVARI): Peddapuram MLA P Gandhi Mohan allegedly manhandled and abused a cameraman when he was trying to film a clash between his supporters and protestors over a land dispute here on Monday.Both the MLA and the photographer lodged complaints against each other. The MLA reportedly bought a 5-acre disputed land along with a local police officer in his relative's name and tried to take possession of the property with the help of a huge police when locals gathered to protest against the MLA's his action. Police said they would inquire into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14791611", "title": "Juhu residents complain of civic apathy", "text": "MUMBAI: Over 400 families living along Juhu Tara road detest the monsoon. Each year, their society gets flooded during the season and they have to wade through sewage to reach their doorsteps.Residents of New Bomaby CHS, Rohit Apartments and Rising Sun Society, and students and teachers of Dilkhush Special School say the civic body has been ignoring their requests for an additional drainage line. But the BMC says it is helpless because of a jurisdiction problem.The residents say that the monsoon only brings misery upon them. \"It spells disaster for us. Not a single year has gone without our society getting flooded. Every time it rains heavily, we begin to panic,\" said Harbajan Kaur Jolly, a senior citizen who resides in North Bombay Co-op Housing Society.Many old housing societies that are across the road from J W Marriott get flooded each monsoon, as they are low-lying . Behind them lies the Juhu Aerodrome, into which they are not allowed to drain rainwater. While buildings along the beach are at road level and have a drainage line, the older buildings lack a proper drainage system.To make matters worse, most of the buildings , which came up between 1965 and 1970, use septic tanks instead of sewer lines. Charles Ferreira , a resident, explained that the water table in Juhu is very high as it is near the sea. Thus, the septic tanks could not be installed below a depth of 30 feet. \"When water accumulates in our society, it mixes with sewage. So, it's not just rain water we have to wade through, but also vile smelling sewage. This is not only unhygienic , but also a health hazard.\"The BMC is aware of the problem, but claims that it is powerless. An official in the K-west ward office told TOI, \"The complexes on the eastern side of Juhu Tara Road all slope towards the east, away from the sea. It would be ideal to have a drainage line behind these buildings, to drain out the water that accumulates in those societies. But the land behind the buildings is owned by the state government, and we no not have the authority to build any drainage system there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14792813", "title": "Textile bandh to oppose VAT imposition today", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam Textile Merchants' Association (ATMA) has called a day-long textile trade bandh in the state on Tuesday against the government's decision to impose five per cent value added tax (VAT) on textiles.\"Commoners will be the worst sufferers of the government's decision to impose 5 per cent VAT on textiles. Though Uttarakhand, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Andhra Pradesh, Odisha, Nagaland, Goa and Delhi had imposed VAT on textiles in the past, they decided to withdraw their decision after the move badly affected textile business. Various organizations across the state have supported us and we urge the Assam government to revoke its decision\", Subhkaran Maloo, the president of ATMA, told the media here on Monday.Maloo added that due to imposition of 5 per cent VAT on textiles, the business of merchants, who used to export textile products to other northeastern states, has been badly hit. \"Guwahati is the hub of textile business in the northeast. Traders of Meghalaya, Manipur, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and Tripura are refusing to buy textile goods from Assam after the imposition of five per cent VAT on textiles with affect from June 28\", he added.Various trade organizations in the city and other towns of the state have supported the textile trade bandh called by ATMA and will stage a dharna against the state government's move at Dispur Last Gate on Tuesday.The All Guwahati Traders' Association has appealed to textile merchants to keep their establishments open in the flood-affected areas of the state in view of the requirements of the people in those areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14788802", "title": "Boy falls from Malad building, dies", "text": "MUMBAI: A 12-year-old boy, Adarsh Rathod, fell to his death from the terrace of a six-storey building adjacent to his residence at Malad (East) on Sunday. Prima facie, the police believe that the fall was accidental, but will carry out a detailed probe to rule out any other possibility.Adarsh was a Class IX student at the St Francis School in Malad. He stayed at Parekh Nagar in Prabhat Society, with his grandmother, mother Bhavna, and older brother. Chirag (17).Adarsh's father, Amrutlal, had died when he was a toddler. Amrutlal's job in the railways was given to his wife after his death.\"On Sunday night, Adarsh had dinner with his family. He told his mother that he was going out to play. Around 9.30pm, he went to the terrace of Surya Society. Usually the terrace of Surya Society is locked, but as repairs were going on, it had been kept open on Sunday. Police suspect the ledge wasn't high enough and Adarsh could have lost his footing, slipping to his death,\" a police officer said.Adarsh was rushed to a local hospital first and then to Bhagwati Hospital in Borivli where he was declared dead.They identified Adarsh as he resided in the same neighbourhood and informed his mother immediately. Adarsh was rushed to the Sanjivani Hospital at Malad and then to the Bhagwati Hospital at Borivali, where he was declared dead. An autopsy was conducted at the Borivali post-mortem centre and his body was handed over to his family. They have left for their hometown for carrying out the last rites.An accidental death record has been lodged by the Kurar police. Bhavna's statement has been recorded. Officials said there were no eyewitnesses when Adarsh fell so they would probe the sequence of events leading to his death. The police are also making inquiries with neighbours of the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14786404", "title": "He's my son Zabi, confirms Jundal's mother", "text": "NEW DELHI: This should settle all doubts about Abu Jundal being Syed Zabiuddin Ansari from Beed in Maharashtra who went missing in 2006 to dodge a police hunt for him in connection with the Aurangabad arms haul case and the Ahmedabad train blasts. Days after Jundal's mother raised doubts over claims that the person deported from Saudi Arabia was her son, Rehana has now confirmed that the man is indeed her 'Zabi'.\"Are you my Zabi?\" is what Rehana Begum asked Jundal when lawyer M S Khan, hired by her to represent her son in court, handed over his phone to the LeT man at Delhi Police's special cell office on Monday evening.Since she was speaking to Zabi after six years, she wanted to be sure about her son's identity. Khan told TOI that she asked him several questions about their family to ascertain whether the man in Delhi Police's custody was really her son.\"Rehana asked the name of Jundal's uncles and other questions related to their family. After Jundal answered all the questions, she said she was sure that Jundal was her Zabi,\" Khan said. He added that Jundal looked calm after talking to his mother. He also asked her about her well-being.Khan, who has represented over 125 suspected terrorists in various terror-related cases across the country, on Monday took the court's permission to meet Jundal. The court, which had earlier granted Delhi Police Jundal's custody till July 20, had said in its order that he will be allowed to meet his lawyer every day in police custody for half an hour.Earlier, when Jundal was deported from Saudi Arabia on June 21, mediapersons had thronged his house in Beed, Maharashtra, to take Rehana's reaction on his alleged involvement in the 26/11 attack.She said Jundal, who is alleged to have instructed Ajmal Kasab and other terrorists on the phone from Karachi, did not send any money to them; nor did she receive Rs 50 lakh from anyone.The charges made against her son should be investigated properly, she had said, because she believed he could not have been involved in any terror activity. When she saw his recent photographs, she could not believe that it was her son because he looked different from earlier.She had also denied that police had collected DNA samples from her and her husband Zakiuddin Ansari. She said that the family did not know where to search for him after he disappeared in 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14787172", "title": "17 lakh lawyers to skip court on July 11, 12", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than 17 lakh lawyers will strike work on Wednesday and Thursday, paralyzing judicial work across the country to protest against the Higher Education and Research Bill piloted by the HRD ministry, alleging that it would take away important academic regulatory powers from the Bar Council of India (BCI).After exhausting its representations opposing the HER Bill, the regulatory body BCI on Monday said it had no option but to go ahead with its ultimatum - boycott of litigation work for two days by lawyers.BCI chairman and senior advocate Manan Kumar Mishra told reporters, \"If the government does not exclude the Legal Education and Advocates Act from the purview of the bill even after protest on July 11 and 12, then a joint meeting of state bar councils and office-bearers of all bar associations will be held under the leadership of Bar Council of India and lawyers from across the country will assemble at Jantar Mantar and gherao Parliament on the first day of the monsoon session.\"He said a BCI delegation had met HRD minister Kapil Sibal several times protesting against provisions in the HER Bill, 2011 and the National Accreditation Regulatory Authority for Higher Educational Institutions Act, 2010, the Foreign Educational Institutions (Regulation of Entry and Operations) Bill, 2010, and the National Law Schools Bill, 2010 but the government had turned a deaf ear to the lawyers demand.By introducing these bills, the government wanted to make it easy for foreign educational institutions to set up branches in India and completely erode the power of regulatory bodies including BCI, Mishra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "14789381", "title": "Merchants protest against new traffic regulations", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The merchants doing business on TB Road in Kottayam are running from pillar to post to reinstate the services of private buses through the road.Following the new traffic regulations enforced in the town from April 1, private buses are deviating from Market Junction to ML Road towards Kodimatha without plying through the TB Road.Merchants here, numbering more than 250, have complained that their business had been affected badly due to the new traffic regulations.\"Our business has been affected badly. People don't frequent this road as there is no bus service,\" said Suresh Brindavan, a merchant. \"We have brought this issue to the notice of home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan and he assured us that he would solve the issue,\" he said.Meanwhile, following the direction of the minister, Kottayam DySP P D Radhakrishna Pillai had a discussion with the representatives of merchants on Monday.\"The meeting was to address their complaints and invite suggestions for solving the issue,\" said Pillai.\"Following the new regulations, the traffic blocks in the town have been reduced to an extent. TB Road is now free of traffic blocks. Hence, completely changing this rule may not be practical,\" he said. However, he did not rule out making slight changes in the regulations.The main demand of the merchants is to reinstate the bus-stop near Anupama theatre on TB Road. \"For this, buses diverted from Market junction will have to take the Kozhichantha Road to enter TB Road and reach the bus stop. Buses can then divert to the Old Market Road to return back to ML Road,\" said Suresh.The bus operators had also raised protests against the new traffic regulations citing that they had to cut down trips due to the delay while using the ML Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14788691", "title": "Maglev tech-based plan mooted for Thiruvananthapuram", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: One more transportation system -- Maglev technology which uses magnetic force to suspend, levitate and guide vehicles -- is being actively considered for solving the traffic woes of the city.Along with proposals for mono rail and metro rail, a proposal to use Maglev technology for setting up a mass rapid transport system within the city was put forth by Korean experts before a high-level meeting convened by the chief minister here on Monday.Representatives of Hyundai Rotem company, that visited the chief minister and later took part in the high-level meeting, made a presentation on the advantages of Maglev technology. After going through the presentation, chief minister Oommen Chandy suggested experts to find out the most suitable mode of urban transport for the capital city. Delhi Metro Rail Corporation chief advisor E Sreedharan was also present at the meeting.\"The three technologies are being actively considered. We will look for the cost effective, sustainable technology which has already been successfully implemented in other parts,\" said transport minister Aryadan Mohammed. He said there would not be any doubt that the city would get a rapid transport system and the suitable technology would be decided soon.Sources told TOI that the majority of people's representatives and bureaucrats who were present at the meeting were of the opinion that monorail was the ideal system for the capital city. \"The city is not big for a metro and not a guinea pig to be experimented with Maglev, which doesn't have a working model anywhere in India,\" said an official.The meeting also decided to examine the possibility of extending the south end of the first phase of monorail from Thampanoor to Pappanamcode. The feasibility study report suggested that the first phase should come up in 22.8km connecting Pallippuram and Thampanoor. However, E Sreedharan asked officials to extend the project till Pappanamcode, covering five more kilometres to the south.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14791076", "title": "Undertrial commits suicide in Bhavnagar jail", "text": "RAJKOT: An undertrial lodged in Bhavnagar district jail committed suicide on Monday morning.According Bhavnagar city police officials, Mehul Makwana (24) committed suicide by hanging himself with the help of his shirt.Police said that Makwana was arrested in a case of theft of Rs 28,000 in Khedutvas area of Bhavnagar two days ago. He was sent to jail on Sunday evening after he had spent one day in police custody.Sources say that Mehul could not sleep in jail on Sunday night since no one from his family came forward for his bail.\"Primary investigation suggests that Mehul had been arrested in theft cases in the past as well and his family members used to make efforts for his bail. But now they were tired of his frequent arrests and did not come bother for getting him bailed out. It is likely that he was upset over this and took this extreme step,\" said Pradeepsinh Jadeja, police inspector, A-division police station, Bhavnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "14791125", "title": "Man cries foul over techie-son's death", "text": "MANDYA: The alleged drowning of IBM techie Manjunath M, 27, has taken a new twist with his father, Muniraju, alleging foul play in his death.Manjunath and his five colleagues, all from Bangalore, had gone on a weekend picnic to Keretonnur lake near here. Manjunath drowned while swimming in the lake with his friends on Sunday. The body is yet to be fished out.Although the jurisdictional Pandavapura police have only registered a case of unnatural death, Manjunath's father has lodged a complaint, seeking investigations if there was any foul play.However, investigating officers said that no arrests have been made so far in the case and foul play is only an allegation which needed to be investigated.\"We are searching for Manjunath's body. We have neither arrested nor taken into custody his friends. We have only kept them in the police station for their security and will hand them over later to their respective parents. We will ascertain the cause of death after we retrieve the body from water,\" said Panadavapura sub-inspector Lakshmegowda. Kaushalendra Kumar, superintendent of police, Mandya said an investigation will be conducted but the priority now is to find the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14791072", "title": "Extend train to Karwar : MP", "text": "MANGALORE: The railway authorities has extended the services of train no. 16517/16518 Yeshwantpur-Mangalore Express night train to Kannur (Cannanore), overriding the popular demand to extend it to Karwar in Uttara Kannada.However, according to the data available with Udupi-Chikmagalur MP K Jayaprakash Hegde, the average passenger traffic in the train from Mangalore to Kannur and vice versa is less than what the railways had predicted. While on an average 32 people travel in the train from Mangalore to Kannur, 36 passengers take the train on its return to the coastal city. The passenger traffic in the night train to Mangalore is 511 while coming and 517 in the reverse direction.Based on the data and a representation by the Railway Hithrakshana Samiti in the coast, Hegde has written to minister of state for railways KH Muniyappa requesting him to take steps to divert the train to Karwar, which is about 250 km from here.The train was extended to Kannur in January 2010. At that time, Muniyappa had supported the railways' move saying that since the railways was a national asset, questions should not be raised on extending the train to Kannur. \"The move was taken in view of revenue generation,\" he had said.According to Hegde, the minister's claims have fallen flat as the statistics tell a different story. In his letter to Muniyappa, Hedge said, \"The extension of the train to Kannur is a breach of trust. The state government along with the Indian Railways has created a SPV called HMRDC (Hassan Mangalore Railway Development Company) and invested 41% in it. After the completion of the project, instead of fulfilling the promise given to the state which funded the project, the railways obliged to the demands of a state (Kerala) .''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14786005", "title": "IT companies struggle with growing benches", "text": "BANGALORE: Ketan Jalan joined a top-tier IT company in July last year, immediately after his engineering degree. It's one year now, and he has not worked on a single project yet. He still goes to office every day. He went through a Java certification training. He's now registered for an Oracle course. But the training courses don't take much time. He spends most of his \"working hours\" Googling, playing or in the cafe. \"It's boring,\" he says. But that may be understating the problem. It's also not good for his career, because he has no work experience to show for himself. And work experience is what matters most in salary increases and promotions.There are many like Jalan, because IT companies failed to anticipate the sudden drop in demand on account of the global economic slowdown over the last year. Some employees are even allowed to stay at home. \"It's making me mad. Now I'm scared I might be laid off,\" says another young techie who has been on what IT companies call \"the bench\" for close to five months now.A bench, up to a point, is a necessary evil. Even though these employees don't earn anything for the company, there will inevitably be a bench formed by employees who would have just completed a project and would not have another to immediately work on. A bench is also needed\u2014as a strategy\u2014to quickly get a project going when the company receives an order (a client will not accept a situation where his work cannot be immediately implemented). It's like a manufacturing company that keeps investing to ensure there's always some excess factory capacity that can be used when an order suddenly flows in.In normal times, IT companies have about 20% of their employee base on the bench. But as of the quarter ended March, the employee utilization rate (which is the opposite of the bench proportion) had fallen to about 67% for many, including Infosys, Wipro and MindTree \u2014 which means some 33% of their employees were on the bench. Considering that Infosys has 1.5 lakh employees, nearly 50,000 today are not earning any revenue for the company. For TCS and iGate, the utilization rate has dropped by about 4 percentage points over the last one year.\"There are companies with a bench size of up to 40% today,'' says an HR professional at a tier-1 IT firm who did not want to be named. Nirupama VG, MD of HR consultancy Ad Astra, says the bench size has gone up for many companies by 10 to 15 percentage points.C Mahalingam, HR head at software product engineering services company Symphony Services, says the churn duration (the time an employee spends between completing one project and getting into another) used to be 45 to 60 days, but with opportunities dwindling, the duration is getting longer. \"This opens up a huge resource management challenge and is the biggest concern for HR managers today,'' he says. Companies are reacting to the bench problem in multiple ways. Infosys Technologies has said it will delay the joining dates of the freshers it hired this year, some of them to as late as mid-2013. iGate has said it will delay the joining by one to two quarters. Many others are said to be taking similar measures. Most are reducing the extent of hiring they are doing this year. \"Companies also handle benches by increasing the training period and using them for internal projects,\" says Navin Kumar, CEO of IT skills development firm iPrimed.(Some employee names have been changed)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14798681", "title": "Filmfare crowns Nirhua as Star of Bhojpuri Cinema", "text": "The July issue of one of the most popular magazine on celebrities Filmfare has crowned Nirhua as the superstar of Bhojpuri cinema. In the article, it also mentioned that Nirhua is one of the most sought after and expensive stars to work with in Bhojpuri industry.The article also mentioned that the common man look and feel is what makes him everyone's favourite.In an interview with Filmfare, Nirhua has also expressed his desire to get into politics for betterment and development of Bhojpuri film industry.Times Of India had tagged him as the 'Biggest Star' of Bhojpuri cinema.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14787752", "title": "Chartered accountant dupes educational institute of Rs 1cr, arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mulund police recently arrested a 30-year-old chartered accountant (CA) who allegedly siphoned off over Rs1 crore from the bank account of a city-based educational institute over the last four to five months. After committing the crime, Hariharan Krishnan fled to Coimbatore with his ailing parents.Krishnan deposited a portion of the amount in his mother's account and invested some of it in real estate in Coimbatore. He reportedly committed the crime to make a fast buck.Investigators said Krishnan's scam came to light when one of the directors of the institute received a call from the bank enquiring if he had issued a cheque of Rs 42 lakh to the CA. Based on the complaint filed by the director, the Mulund police formed a team to track down the accused.Krishnan had been working at the institute for the last two to three years. and was a trusted employee to the employers.\"To avoid getting caught, he made his parents stay in one hotel while he stayed in another in Coimbatore which was few distance away. He was caught before he could have strike the deal of buying a property in Coimbatore,\" said an officer.The investigation team brought Krishnan to Mumbai on July 5. He has been booked for cheating and forgery.TOI tried to get details from one of the Vice-President on Monday who informed he will revert back but there was no response from his end till late evening.According to the FIR copy produced before the Mulund Court, the complaint said that the fraud could have gone unnoticed if the bank had not intimated them about the \"self cheque\" that has come up for clearance. The FIR said that after instructing for stop payment the officials went through the books of account of the institution and found out discrepancies that had taken place in the current year.Investigators said that after noticing the fraud, the directors of the institution went through the banking transactions and found that the cheque was cleared in the self account and was withdrawn by the accused Krishnan.Based on the information, the police arrested the accused who had confessed that \"he flicked the cheque leaflets that was signed by the directors while they go out on a tour. The blank cheque leaflets are kept signed at their office if required in case of emergency to make payments to the staffs and employees\", said the investigators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14787570", "title": "Dara Singh continues to remain critical", "text": "MUMBAI: The condition of wrestler-actor Dara Singh continues to remain critical. The veteran actor was rushed to Kokilaben Hospital in Andheri (W) on Saturday evening and has been critical since then. A medical bulletin released by the hospital on Monday said the actor is critical and on ventilator support, due to which medical investigations to check for any clot in his brain cannot be done.The actor's son, Vindoo, said, \"My father's condition remains critical and doctors are trying their best. He has not been keeping well for a year now. He has developed a rare nerve problem called CIPD (chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy) and is unable to do things by himself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14791555", "title": "Man held with 1.5kg opium", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police arrested one person with 1.5kg opium on Monday. Accused Mithilesh Kumar, a resident of Bihar , was nabbed from Field Ganj area in division no. 2. SHO Gurpreet Singh said, \"Initial investigations have revealed that Mithilesh is the son of an RPF inspector. A case has been registered and the accused has been taken in police remand for two days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "basaguda, bijapur", "code": "14787519", "title": "Villagers, jawans battle distrust, Reds", "text": "BASAGUDA, BIJAPUR: Several CRPF jawans stood around tall poles with a black box mounted atop each at CRPF's Basaguda camp in south Chhattisgarh's Bijapur district. One of them tried to fix the position of the box, a Wireless Local Loop (WLL) transmitter, while the others gazed intently for a bar to appear in the receiver.For them, the elusive bar means connecting with loved ones. \"I can then hear the voices of my children and wife at home in Kanpur,\" said a jawan of CRPF's 168 battalion. He last spoke to his loved ones back home about two days ago.\"We have various phones, including satellite phones. But, often the landline gives out a constant busy tone and the mobile phone network goes off,\" said a commandant. The jawans are then taken in batches to villages closer to the district headquarters to call up their families.Often, Maoists dig up roads and cut electric wires plunging the tents or pre-fabricated huts where jawans live in darkness for days.Villagers, too, are cut off from the world. After the Sarkeguda encounter, villagers told TOI that Markam Soma and Kaka Senti were missing. Their wives feared they were killed by the police. Clutching her children, Senti's wife said, \"I am pregnant. Where will I go looking for him?\"Nobody from the government had bothered to inform them that Soma and Senti were undergoing treatment in Raipur's Dr Ambedkar Hospital, their legs chained to bedposts.The CRPF's Basaguda camp is the last post signaling government presence. Beyond it stretches the Maoist liberated zone.Basaguda recently grabbed headlines after the encounter at Sarkeguda, about 3 km from the CRPF camp, in the liberated zone. About 400 CRPF, CoBRA commandos and state police men marched out of the Basaguda camp on June 28 night for Operation Silger.Villagers have suffered the police, Salwa Judum and Maoists. \"One night about 4-5 years ago, some andarwale (Maoists) came to our village and asked for food. We gave them. Next morning, the Salwa Judum and policemen came and asked why we gave them food,\" recounted an old man at Sarkeguda.When villagers said they fed the Maoists fearing their lives, the Salwa Judum and policemen beat them mercilessly. \"After they left, we fled our homes and did not return for 3-4 years,\" he said.Since the encounter, villagers at Sarkeguda are wary of any stranger. \"We try to figure out if a stranger is from the police, or sent by the Maoist,\" said a girl, studying in class X.Even earlier, menfolk would run away when CRPF men patrol near villages, said a CRPF man.Distrust, fear and malaria stalk villagers and jawans. \"Battling malaria is as tough here as combating the Maoists,\" said an officer. Between January to June, 40 cases of malaria and 50 typhoid cases were reported in CRPF's 168 battalion comprising around 1,100 jawans. Last year, 90 malaria cases were reported.The CRPF jawans are treated by doctors or flown to a city hospital. \"Villagers die like flies. There are no doctors for miles. By the time a serious patient is carried on bamboo poles to the nearest hospital, he is almost dead,\" said Markam Narayan of Sarkeguda.Getting supplies and ration to the camp is akin to launching an operation. A road opening party precedes the vehicle carrying ration to check for explosives, landmines or ambushes by Maoists. \"In 2010, 12 people were killed while bringing ration to the camp,\" said the CRPF commandant.After that, private vehicles were used to ferry ration to the camps. \"That increased risk of our lives,\" said a villager from neighbouring Murdonda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14790130", "title": "Shorter, greener flights may slash air fare", "text": "KOLKATA: A year from now, flights to Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore or to Hong Kong, Dubai and Doha may take a short cut, reducing travel time, cutting down delays and saving enough fuel to actually bring down ticket prices. This may lead to There will be an environmental impact as well with planes burning less fuel to make the journeys , thereby slashing carbon emission and making skies less gray than it is now.\"Over the next 12 months, communication, navigation and surveillance ( CNS) system at Kolkata airport is set to undergo a sea change. Not only will the new system usher in complete automation, reducing stress in pilot-controller interface, but it will also help airlines economize on fuel by directing them through the shortest and most effective route possible,\" said Manohar Lal Lehkra, regional executive director, Airports Authority of India.The Rs 48-crore project has been cleared and the order has been placed with Spanish firm Indra that has supplied equipment to Eurocentre, China and several Gulf countries. The work order is expected to be issued soon. The installation of the system will be completed in 10 months.Automation will ring in Continuous Descent Operation (CDO) that will guide an aircraft to descend right from the cruise altitude to landing strip in a straight line. At present, a flight, after takeoff, climbs to the allotted cruise altitude and flies at the level till it is time to make the descent to land. \"The longer an aircraft flies at a lower altitude, it encounters more air resistance and consequently burns up more fuel. If the plane does a CDO, it will save at least 23 gallons per flight. Annually, an aircraft can save enough fuel to power 100 cars for a year,\" Air Traffic Controllers Guild secretary (east) Sushil Mondal said.On the anvil is Airport Inter-facility Data Communication (AIDC) as well. Once this is in place, there will be no need to speak over phone to hand over the plane from one air traffic control (ATC) to another. \"Coordination in data link between ATCs will be seamless and automatic. This will allow controllers to provide more direct routing, thereby saving more fuel and reducing flight time,\" explained ATC Guild (east) president Asit Sinha.The air space in the Kolkata Flight Information Region (FIR) is also set to undergo a change. At present, the tower controls aircraft movement from ground till 2,000 ft. Thereafter, approach control takes over till 15,000 ft followed by area control that monitors and regulates flights till 46,000 ft. Once the new systems are in place, the area control will be further split into two vertical segments-lower area control that regulates flights till 25,500 ft and thereafter upper area control till 46,000 ft.While Kolkata FIR has three sectors at present that extend till Jamshedpur and Patna in the west; Dhaka and Guwahati FIR in the east; and Bhubaneswar, Visakhapatnam and oceanic airspace in the west, the upper area will be realigned into seven sectors and the lower one into eight sectors. Controllers in charge of the upper area control will handle all over-flights and some medium haul domestic flights. Those in charge of the lower area control will handle bulk of the domestic flights.At present, Kolkata FIR handles around 300 landings and takeoffs and 1,500 over-flights daily. With the proposed reduction in lateral separation of two aircraft from 50 nautical mile to 40 and then 30 nautical mile, more flights will be able to pack the same airspace.\"The airspace realignment will bring in operational flexibility, enabling effective use of air traffic controllers. When traffic increases in a sector, it can be collapsed or divided into multiple sectors. When traffic drops, two or more sectors can be merged or consolidated. Apart from providing direct routing, there will be less VHF congestion, less controller overload and seamless transfer from one ATC to another. Now, it is Kolkata-Nagpur-Mumbai or Kolkata-Varanasi-Delhi. Post modernization, the routing will be direct to Delhi or Mumbai with no interchange at Nagpur and Varanasi. This will obviously mean increased safety as controllers will have to handle fewer number of flights at a time,\" Mondal said.Another upgrade that will happen in the system upgrade is installation of Automatic Dependence Surveillance Broadcast ( ADSB) stations to monitor and pinpoint position of aircraft through a satellite-based system. These stations will be set up at Amritsar, Jaipur, Port Blair, Trivandrum, Ahmedabad, Nagpur, Calicut, Cochin, Coimbatore, Mangalore, Varanasi, Lucknow, Guwahati and Agartala. Three more stations are proposed at Bhubaneswar and Patna and Pengyong in Sikkim. These will supplement the feed from the existing radars at Kolkata, Berhampur, Visakhapatnam, Varanasi and Guwahati in the east.\"ADSB will be a major safety booster as it will extend seamless radar coverage to blind spots like regions beyond Jamshedpur, Dhanbad and the north-east that are not under electronic surveillance now. All the radars, including the ones at Kolkata, Badur, Jharsuguda, Katihar, Varanasi, Nagpur, Guwahati and Berhampur, will be integrated. Once that happens, instead of single feed, controllers will get multiple feeds on the monitor,\" said Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14792284", "title": "Conference on designer rice", "text": "HYDERABAD: Designer rice, research on which is still on, may just be the effective solution for the growing demand for rice globally. Scientists and research bodies have come together to dwell on this topic and prepare a future action plan at the two-day international symposium on 'Dialogue on designer rice for future - Perception and prospects' at International Crops Research Institute for Semi-Arid Tropics (ICRISAT) that started on Monday.In the backdrop of limited natural resources like land and water, decreasing soil health and inevitable adverse effects of the changing climate, the dignitaries discussed the possibility of making designer rice which would be less dependent on these factors but high on productivity.E A Siddiq, rice scientist and professor of Angrau, said, \"By 2050, rice production has to be increased by 70% owing to the growing demand.To achieve this, we need to tap all technologies and increase the potential yield in even those areas where the conditions are not very favourable for the growth of rice.\"Siddiq explained that designer rice would be costing less than traditional rice in terms of cultivation or purchase of end product. \"This particular type of rice will be designed for the needs of the common people. The purpose is to reduce the cost of cultivation and increase productivity. This variety would be farmer-friendly, eco-friendly and would also fulfill all the nutritional requirements of the people.\"Scientists claim that designer rice, which is yielded from a genetically engineered plant, can be cultivated within a short time and will also be independent of the crop season since it will depend less on weather and soil conditions.A breeding facility for designer rice research will also start from Tuesday at the International Rice Research Institute (IRRI), ICRISAT.Robert Zeigler, director of IRRI, said, \"Across the world, rice is a favourite and an important specie.The present rice production scenario will take care of food needs for the next 20 years. Hence, we cannot afford to wait but start the research early since it takes about 15 to 20 years for research to get completed and venture into production.\"The international and national delegates who are participating in the event will submit their research paper on this subject.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "santiniketan", "code": "14790029", "title": "Anger grows against 'vindictive' varsity", "text": "SANTINIKETAN: The flurry of incidents since Saturday, following the torture of a 10-year old by hostel warden Uma Poddar, has left the girls of Karabi hostel panicky. While the victim is traumatized and wants to quit the hostel or even Patha Bhavan altogether, her co-boarders are pleading with their parents to take them home for the time being.What has made things worse is the arrest of the victim's parents on Monday. The girl's father was bewildered when the police came to take him and his wife in custody. \"I could not believe it. This is the first time that we had to spend five hours in a police lock-up. It was humiliating. Neither I nor my wife has committed any crime. We have never done anything illegal. We rushed to the hostel to see our ailing daughter who was treated inhumanly by the warden. How could we stay calm at home after hearing that she had been tortured and was in distress? Though the court granted us bail, we will be haunted by this bitter experience throughout our life,\" he said.It is an ongoing nightmare for the children as well. On Saturday night, they were witness to a gherao by their parents that continued till after midnight. Caught in the melee of complaints and counter-complaints and with police coming and going around all the time, they, too, are scared.\"Most of the boarders are junior students of Patha Bhavan. My daughter, too, wants to go home. I tried to assure her that things will return to normal in a day or two but she is still worried. I have advised her not to discuss the matter in her class with the day students and keep to herself for a few days,\" a guardian who came to visit his daughter said on Monday.The parents are trying to put up brave face before their kids, but they, too, are worried and angry. The torture of the Class V girl had come as a shock for them, but the arrest of her parents has alarmed them. Even Visva-Bharati residents are stunned by the manner in which the victim's parents were treated. They wonder how the university could slap charges of criminal trespassing and intimidation on the parents when they had entered the hostel to help their traumatised child.\"Our daughters are away from home. It keeps us worried all the time. What would any parent do if they hear that their child is in trouble? Wait for visiting hours? Breaking 'hostel discipline' in such a situation cannot be ground for arrest,\" said the mother of a boarder of Karabi Hostel, asking not to be named.Former Visva-Bharati vice-chancellor Sujit Kumar Basu said: \"The arrest of the parents has come as a surprise to me. It has annoyed me a lot. It is true that the university-hostel management has to follow some restrictions regarding entry to hostels but the parents are entitled to enter the hostel. I came to know from the media that the parents reached the hostel beyond visiting hours to take their daughter home. The university and police should have handled the matter judiciously,\" Basu said.Veteran Tagore scholar Somendranath Banerjee is equally upset. \"I find no substantial cause to lodge a complaint against the parents. They may come to the hostel to take their daughter home. It should not have happened in Santiniketan. The Visva-Bharati authority is getting intolerant. I am stunned.\"Painter Jogen Chowdhury, who is a member of the Visva-Bharati executive committee, expressed \"concern\" over what he called an \"alarming incident\". \"As a member of the executive committee I should not express my views while the investigation is on. But as an individual I have all the sympathy for the child and her parents. I do not know what they could have done that night in the hostel premises.\"A former Visva-Bharati teacher saw the university complaint as a \"vindictive\" step. \"The university administration has become vindictive. They lodge police complaints at the drop of a hat or threaten to do so to stem dissent. Some days ago, the university lodged a complaint against a former principal of Patha Bhavan who opposed the university's constructing a boundary wall. If they do such things with their own people, they can do anything with anybody,\" the teacher said.Sensing the mood, VB authorities called a press meet and tried to explain that they did not want the parents to be arrested. In the presence of VC Susanto Gupto, registrar Manimukut Mitra said: \"We had lodged a general diary because we felt there was a security threat to the hostel. We did not want the parents to be arrested. What police have done is their responsibility.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14792779", "title": "Lalbagh walkers can't walk free", "text": "BANGALORE: Best to leave your stuff behind when you go on a morning walk in Lalbagh. Walkers here are saddled with their odds and ends, as the locker facility - set up to safekeep belongings -- has been hijacked by the security personnel.Thirty-two lockers had been installed three years ago to ensure that the walkers could leave their belongings, like handbags and other stuff, and swing their arms freely as they took a brisk walk in the 240-acre botanical garden. But the garden's security personnel have managed to get possession of the keys to the four almirahs housing the 32 lockers, and are using them for the safe custody of their steel plates and lunch boxes.MLC MR Doreswamy, a morning walker at Lalbagh, had donated the locker facility, which was installed near the Double Road gate. He planned to install similar facilities at the three other gates, but with the horticulture department cold to the idea right from the beginning, it was only a matter of time before the facility was hijacked. That 30 of the lockers did not have keys only made their task easy.\"The lockers are in sad shape due to lack of maintenance. The system worked for a few days in 2009, when they were installed. There are many tourists, including foreigners, who come with their luggage. Morning walkers too carry some stuff, which could be placed in these lockers for safety. But the security personnel have taken away both locks and keys,\" Doreswamy told TOI.Lalbagh Walkers' Association president Prof P Sadashiva said: \"It's sad that a good idea and infrastructure is being killed due to lack of maintenance. I raised this issue at the Lalbagh trust meetings several times. But the committee has not met for six months now. I will bring up this issue when the meeting happens again,\" he said.\"There's a lack of security personnel, and there is no one to monitor their work. This must be fixed,\" says Venugopal Reddy, a regular walker.DC's APPROVAL A MUSTHM Krishnappa, deputy director, horticulture department, said the deputy commissioner's approval was required for the maintenance of the lockers. \"We have sought the DC's approval. The lockers are helpful to walkers, but we faced a problem and that's why they have not been maintained. The issue will be fixed by August 1,\" he told TOI.LOST AND FOUND DROP BOXThe next time you go for a walk in Lalbagh and lose your vehicle, office or house key, don't fret. Just rush to the West gate or main gate or Double Road entrance and you may find the key in one of the drop boxes kept there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14786140", "title": "Bhandewadi slaughterhouse terrible", "text": "NAGPUR: A state government committee appointed on the direction of Supreme Court to inspect the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC)-run slaughterhouse at Bhandewadi has submitted that its general condition is terrible.The six-member committee consisting of Dr DV Kadoo, Dr KS Bhide, Dr SB Baseshankar, Abodh Aras, Dr NN Zade and SN Kapoor, had inspected the slaughterhouse on April 17. The report was submitted to the government recently.The report states the slaughterhouse is in a complete mess and is not maintained as per the norms. On an average, 100 animals are slaughtered daily but the infrastructure is missing.The committee has said that the slaughterhouse, spread across 560 sq metres, is being run without the approval of the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB). There is no effluent treatment plant (ETP) and hence disposal of solid waste is improper. The NMC has failed to comply with the directives.The committee has recommended complete restructuring of Bhandewadi. There are no gradients for drainage. As there is no drainage facility, blood flows in an open pit. There are no doors, no window ledges and rodent-proof equipment. The cemented floor is in a damaged state and seepage of blood is a regular occurrence.The report states that there is no freezer room or dry storage facility. Lighting and ventilation is not as per the norms. Water supply is from a bore well which is not covered.The committee observed that after the animals are slaughtered, there is no place to dress carcasses. Hides and skin are transported by hand and there is no sterilization facility for knives.It was observed that animals are treated cruelly. During their visit, committee members saw more than four animals tied to each other with short ropes.When moved, the animals were seen falling. They were being pulled by their tails. Besides, the animals are tied in the open near a dirty water body. They are not fed or given water before being slaughtered.At the time of the visit, the committee noticed a truck full of huge blocks of ice indicating that the meat of the slaughtered animals is being sent to places outside the municipal limits.In a suo motu writ petition being heard in the high court, NMC's health officer Dr Milind Ganvir has filed an affidavit on March 31, 2006, committing that the Bhandewadi slaughterhouse will cater to only domestic consumption and not for export.However, export of meat is rampant. Kannubhai Savadia, founder of Sukrut Nirman Charitable Trust, which is fighting to save cows, had lodged separate complaints in December 2010 and 2011. The latest one was on May 11, 2012 with Nandanvan police and RTO officials pointing out about illegal export of meat. Till date, no action has been taken.Savadia said that on April 4 and April 22, the police had seized four meat-laden trucks in Mehkar and Chikhli in Buldhana district. Of these, two trucks were from Bhandewadi. \"What more evidence do the local officials want,\" asked Savadia.Several other meat-laden trucks seized last year were allegedly from Kamptee where an illegal abattoir is being operated in the heart of the city.Dr Ganvir admitted that there are complaints of meat exports from Bhandewadi but was not firm about any action against the accused. \"We will keep a tab on check-posts and take action,\" was his reply.On the bad state of the slaughterhouse, Dr Ganvir said Bhandewadi is a temporary arrangement. The NMC is scouting for an alternative site to set up a modern slaughterhouse.RECOMMENDATIONS* Make provision for water and fodder for animals* Restructure the existing slaughterhouse* Set up proper sanitation and sterilization facilities* Animal handlers need to be trained* Construct ETP immediately* Medical examination of butchers must* Construct paved roads up to unloading points* Provide exhaust facilities in the building* Appoint full-time veterinary officers and security guards* Check export of meat", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14791256", "title": "Two sub-registrar offices to come up in Nigdi", "text": "PUNE: Two property registration offices will soon come up in Nigdi - one of the fastest growing areas in the Pimpri-Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) jurisdiction.An official of the inspector general of registration (IGR) and controller of stamps department said that in 2009, the state government had decided to open six new offices in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. However, till now, the IGR office has managed to finalise locations for two offices at Nigdi and one in Kothrud. The search for space for the rest is still on.In a recently held meeting, PCNTDA officials expressed their willingness to allocate five gunthas (50,000 sq ft) for constructing two sub-registrar offices and a record room for registered property documents. The proposal for the same would be tabled in an upcoming meeting of the authority. The official said that the amount of funds, which will be allocated once the approval comes through, needed to build the offices, will be decided later.At present, the city has 20 sub-registrar offices, where, on an average, 20 to 25 documents are processed daily. Registration of sale and purchase of land, documents regarding built up area as well as leave and license, rent agreement and commercial property deals are done at these offices. All the IGR offices are computerised and interconnected enabling property buyers and dealers to register properties at any sub-registrar office. The additional offices will cater to the residents in the locality as well as share some load of the existing offices.The major hurdles in opening new offices have been non-availability of properties owned by local self-governing bodies and high rents quoted by private property owners. The sub-registrar office needs a fixed location mainly because it stores crucial data of every property bought as well as related documents. The entire office is designed accordingly, where high capacity servers are used for data storage.\"The IGR held meetings with the PCNTDA and also other local self-governing bodies for new offices. The existing offices are also not very spacious, but nothing can be down about them. We have almost finalised locations of the offices in Nigdi and are awaiting possession. Now, we need to focus on other locations to open additional offices as per the state government's decision of 2009,\" the official said.Another challenge that the IGR office is facing is an approximately 25% shortage of staff, the official said. \"Some proposals regarding hiring of staff through modern and advanced aptitude tests, instead of hiring the traditional way, are pending with the government,The existing procedure not only wastes time, but the hired employee has to start from a very junior post. A highly qualified candidate can join the office at the middle level or a higher rank and contribute to the makeover of the IGR office,\" he said.The IGR office has bought computers and related machinery for the makeover of all the sub-registrar offices in the state. The new offices will have new computers connected to the internet, the official said.The IGR and controller of stamps department is the second largest contributor to the state's treasury after the sales tax. The department collected over Rs 15,000 crore from the sale of stamps and registration of properties in the last financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14790935", "title": "Efforts stepped up to prevent dengue", "text": "HUBLI: Alarmed by the rise in dengue cases in Dharwad district, the district administration has woken up to the need to take immediate measures to combat the dreaded disease.Dengue spreads from aedes aegypti mosquitoes. Destroying the larvae of the mosquitoes will significantly help combating the disease. However, larvae detection is the biggest challenge before the district administration, which has now set out on a survey of places where the mosquitoes are likely to breed.Stagnated water the culprit Health inspectors have started visiting all taluks of the district to identify high risk areas where dengue cases are being registered and the probable places where mosquitoes breed. Both the HDMC and the district health department have jointly conducted larvae survey in 25,000 houses in the HDMC limits.Normally larvae can be find in places where water stagnates - compounds and backyards of houses, air coolers or in unused tyres thrown in the vicinity. If larvae is found in stored drinking water at the time of survey, health department officials will change the water or they will give temephos liquid to the public which can be used to kill the larvae.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14790178", "title": "Poaching fears return to Sunderbans", "text": "KOLKATA: The beast of poaching may have reared its ugly head after four years in the Sunderbans, a reserve much feted for its conservation programmes.The death of a tiger cub in the Sunderbans last month and the capture of three cubs a few days later on the Bangladeshi sides of the mangroves have triggered suspicion that the dead cub might have been from the same litter that was being smuggled top Malaysia and may have been killed by poachers.The National Tiger Conservation Authority of India ( NTCA) - which has made a poaching probe mandatory for all unnatural tiger deaths - is yet to give its verdict on the death of the two-month-old cub on June 5. But tiger conservationists in India and Bangladesh are sniffing a link between the two incidents as the three cubs - two females and a male and about two months old - were rescued on June 10, just five days after the body of the dead cub was found floating on the Raimangal river. The narrow river acts as the border between India and Bangladesh. The cubs being smuggled to Malaysia were captured in Halde Bunia forests, just across the river in Bangladesh, less than 2km from the forests on the Indian side. The two Bangladeshi poachers who captured the cubs had managed to make their way to Dhaka before being arrested.The twin incidents come nearly a year after India signed two MoUs with Bangladesh on the conservation of the Sunderbans and the Royal Bengal Tiger. The pledge, however, seems confined to papers. Experts now believe a joint Indo-Bangla joint poaching racket is operating in the thick mangroves.Sudipto Dutt, member of the state wildlife board, said it was possible that the poachers were attacked by a tiger and couldn't capture all the cubs. \"One cub might have got separated from its mother and died later. Since the place is very close to the Indian border, the body might have floated to the Indian side. A simple DNA analysis of the cubs can solve the riddle. And this will also open new avenues of international cooperation between two countries,\" Dutt said. Echoing his view, another member of the state wildlife board, Biswajit Roy Chowdhury, said they would soon approach the forest minister to take up the matter with the Centre. \"We will raise the issue in the next meeting of the board. There should be proper probe before dubbing any tiger death natural,\" he said.Monirul Khan, associate professor of zoology at Jahangirnagar University in Dhaka, called for a joint probe into the death of the cub. \"Halde Bunia forests, from where the cubs were captured in Bangladesh, as confessed by one of the arrested poachers, is very close to the Indian border. It's hardly a kilometre or two from the Indian forests of Arbesi and separated only by the Raimangal. With poachers striking so close to the border, there should be joint probe to track the origin of the crime,\" he said.Yusuf Ali, chief conservator of forests, Bangladesh, added, \"They have also confessed that one of their members were killed after a tigress attacked him while trying to protect the cubs. However, the kingpins of the poaching racket are still on the run and we are yet to know what happened to the mother.\"Though there has been no official case of tiger poaching in Indian Sunderbans since 2008, reports of tiger body parts seizure is nothing new in the state. In 2010-11 alone, five tiger skulls and four tiger skins were seized in Bengal.However, the Indian foresters are in dark over the Bangladesh incident. \"It's true that there are two MoUs between the countries, but field level implementation is yet to be done. Unless that's done, we cannot approach our Bangladeshi counterparts officially. Our hands are tied,\" said Sunderbans Biosphere Reserve director Pradeep Vyas, adding that there have been reports, of late, that cases of poaching are on the rise in the Bangladesh Sunderbans. Bangladesh CCF Ali said that they are ready to help India in probing the cub death. \"For that, the Indian officials should approach us,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14796919", "title": "Horticulture holds a great importance in agriculture, says President of Horticulture Society of India", "text": "LUDHIANA: Horticulture, comprising cultivation of fruits, vegetables, flowers, mushrooms, etc., holds a great importance in agriculture, observed K.L.Chadha, former Deputy Director General (Horticulture), Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) and President of Horticultural Society of India during his visit to Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) on Monday. He held an interaction with the scientists at PAU. Those who participated in the discussion included, D.S.Cheema, Dean, College of Agriculture, W.S.Dhillon, Director, Punjab Horticulture Postharvest Technology Centre (PHPTC), PAU, Jagtar Singh Dhiman, Additional Director of Communication, Y.R.Chanana, former Head, Department of Horticulture, PAU.\"Due to rich content of vitamins, fibres, minerals and anti-oxidants, horticultural produce holds great nutritional significance,\" said Chadha. \"Due to high yield potential, horticulture has a capacity to replace atleast some area from under foodgrains. Horticulture has been revolutionalized technologically and the benefit of technology must be made to effectively outreach to farmers.\"Discussing strategies, President of Horticultural Society of India, said that the priority areas should include gathering correct statistics, thrust on production on quality disease free planting material and postharvest handling of the produce. He added that t he formulation of small farmer groups and promotion of cooperative farming should be encouraged.Chadha added that keeping in view the requirement of city dwellers, peri-urban horticulture holds great scope. He appreciated PAU for developing the need-based technologies for fruits, vegetables and flowers and popularizing them to the farmers. \" Marketing of the produce is very important as far as horticultural produce is concerned,\" President of Horticultural Society of India observed. \" Unlike wheat and rice, the fruits and vegetables have not been put in the frame of minimum support price. There are many associated ventures like bee-keeping, processing, value addition, etc. that can help additional income and employment.\"President of Horticultural Society of India, said that a lthough, government has taken many initiatives such as allocating budget, providing institutional support and promotion of horticulture, more needs to be done, especially, during 2012 which has been marked as the year of horticulture. He added that the concept of Apni Mandi was good and needs to be further improved. He informed that the fifth Indian Horticulture Congress 2012 is being organized at PAU by the Horticultural Society of India with the active support of PAU and several central and state governmental organizations, during November 6-9. He further elaborated that the congress will have discussions on advances in frontier areas, mitigation and management of biotic and abiotic stresses, postharvest technologies, innovative market strategies, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14789475", "title": "Haj data tampering: Guilty will not be spared, says Azam Khan", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh state Haj Committee on Monday lodged an FIR with Hazratganj police station claiming that the data entry records of people shortlisted for haj and those in the waiting-list have either been tampered with or hacked.State haj minister Azam Khan assured to set up a departmental inquiry to look into lapses, if any, on the part of officials.Pandey said as per the FIR, haj applicants had submitted their requests till April 25. As per the directives of the Haj Committee of India, the data of the same was uploaded on IHPMS (Interactive Haj Pilgrim Management System). For the data entry, the state Haj Committee was given two login usernames and passwords.While the first username and password was for the supervisor, the second set was for eight group in-charges (now 7). The second username and password was also being used by two private organizations\u2014Rais Think-Tank for helpline and Abhishek Computers for data entry on IHPMS.The data after being uploaded was to be edited and added till May 10. After the said date, details of 36,754 haj pilgrims from UP were available. On May 15, a total of 25,359 haj pilgrims were provisionally selected through lottery while 11,366 applicants were kept in the waiting list.Haj Committee of India directed the state committee to submit the original passport and receipt of Rs 51,000 each of the provisionally-selected applicants and send the same till June 11. Against the order, the documents were sent through Mohd Abbas and Abdul Raheem Ansari on June 18 by train.The documents were received at the Haj Committee of India office in Mumbai on June 20. Earlier, on June 15, Haj Committee of India selected 1 to 4,227 applicants from the waiting-list and their original passports and Rs 51,000 receipts were sent on July 7. Undertakings from another 1,060 from the serial order in the waiting-list were also sent.Earlier on June 30, office staff Misbaurehman and Naresh asked supervisor Arif Rauf to mark the passports of the applicants from Meerut. The district was allotted to Abbas' group. However, since he was away in Mumbai, his work was being looked after by Misbaurehman.Strangely the marked persons' names were against the list of those who had given passport undertaking. On further probe, Arif found that the marked names missing from the waiting-list were finalised during lottery. On further checking, it was found that the application form of such individuals whose names were being marked didn't exist in the office. Similarly, Arif received several passports through registered post. Arif then informed the Haj officer about the same.On further checking of Haj Committee of India server, it was found that names of applicants were changed in at least 11 covers as compared to the original waiting-list. No application of such individuals had been received by the haj office.The matter was then brought to the notice of secretary Haj Committee who subsequently informed the Haj Committee of India. It was found that names of 152 individuals had been changed in the provisionally selected list while names of 18 individuals were changed from the selected list between May 17 and June 29 from different IP addresses.District police chief told reporters that the matter also comes under the purview of cyber crime and hence it will be investigated under the IT Act too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14792255", "title": "AP high court slaps Rs 5000 fine on Vizag officials", "text": "HYDERABAD: Taking a serious view of negligence of authorities in filing counters, the AP high court on Monday imposed a penalty of Rs 5000 each on the municipal commissioner, vice-chairman of urban development authority, district collector and officials of the R&B; department for their failure to keep the court informed of the action taken in response to a petition alleging inaction in checking haphazard proliferation of statues in Visakhapatnam city.The bench, comprising acting Chief Justice P C Ghose and Justice C Praveen Kumar , made this order while dealing with a petition filed by Ch Ayyannapatrudu, a former minister and TDP leader who complained about the proliferation of statues of various political leaders in various areas of Visakhapatnam. \"Busy area, roadside lanes and even the green belt areas are not being spared and it is causing a lot of inconvenience to the people in the form of traffic congestions,\" he said.The bench observed that the authorities of the GVMC, urban development body and the municipality had not bothered to file their counter so far despite them being repeatedly granted time. \"We do not know when will the sleeping stage of your authorities will be over,\" the bench observed while addressing the government counsel representing the matter and imposed the penalty on them and directed them to file their counter within a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "14789406", "title": "Wanted: Doctors at health centres in Cherthala", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The shortage of doctors and para-medical staff has hampered the smooth functioning of community health centres (CHCs) and primary health centres (PHCs) in Cherthala taluk.The 15-bed PHC in-patient unit in Ezhupunna coastal grama panchayat was shut down following the shortage of the doctors and para-medical staff there.The Vettackal PHC is also facing similar problems, and people in this coastal area have announced agitation programmes from July 16 in protest against this.There is also shortage of doctors and para-medical staff in the CHCs in Thuravoor and Muhamma and the PHC in Vallethodu. District panchayat member M C Siddarthan said there was severe shortage of doctors and para-medical staff in almost all PHCs and CHCs in Cherthala taluk.\"Though we have drawn the attention of district medical officer K M Sirabuddin to this issue, he has not responded positively. Whenever we have approached the DMO demanding deployment of adequate number of doctors in CHCs and PHCs in Cherthala, he has told us that there was no shortage of doctors in health centres here,\" Siddarthan said.Ezhupunna grama panchayat president K R Ajay Kumar said in the coastal area, 250 patients visit the PHC a day. \"However, there is only one doctor there. Earlier, there used to be three doctors in the 15-bed IP unit. We closed the IP unit as per direction of the health department, which also reduced the number of doctors in the PHC. We met the health minister recently and requested him to take immediate action to resume the functioning of the IP and allot adequate number of doctors. The minister has promised to take necessary steps,\" Ajay Kumar said.Cherthala tahsildar P S Rajeev said the taluk development council meeting on Saturday had discussed the issue and written a letter to the DMO in this regard. \"The district health wing has ensured us that it would solve the problems with the help of the state health department,\" Rajeev said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14791021", "title": "Girls charge guys to take them jiving", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The business of giving 'paid' company to single boys in city's discotheques, which have high stag entry charges is picking up steam. And girls can be seen standing outside discos ready to facilitate single guys' entry by offering to accompany them, thereby helping them to get 'couple entry.' These girls charge a small bounty and come out of the disco after spending some time with their 'partners' inside.There are girls in the city, who are making a quick buck by helping men wanting to gain entry in discos while spending less money. Tarun Grover of Ludhiana, a frequent visitor to a Sector-8 disco told TOI, \"Three weeks ago, I paid a girl Rs 500 for getting a 'couple entry' to the disco and this time, I gave a girl Rs 800 for accompanying me.\" Grover had taken the 'couple entry' by paying Rs 3,000, which included coupons of drinks worth Rs 1,800. The stag entry in the Sector 8 disco starts at Rs 1,500 but this proves expensive as compared to charges for couple entry because it does not include drink coupons.Sudhir Singh, a bouncer at a Sector 26 disco said, \"There are groups of girls, who facilitate guys in getting 'couple entry'. We are aware that some girls are doing it and it is not against any rules and norms.\" The showroom market of Sector 26 on Madhya Marg is where these girls flock as seven out of a total 13 discos are located here. The highest cost for stag and couple entry ranging between Rs 1,500 to Rs 5,500 is charged in three Sector 26 based discs, where three top discos of the city are located.A girl standing outside a disc in Sector 26, on condition of anonymity said, \"There is no harm in helping a single man get a couple entry in a disco after taking adequate amount of money from him. Charges range between Rs 800 to Rs 1,600.\"Cost FactorStag entry Most of the discos don't allow stag entry and even in places where single men are let in, the entry is allowed for a steep ' 3,000 to ' 4,000 paid for company'Charges' for ushering in single men On week days ' 500-700 On weekends ' 800-1,500 Total monthly earning of a girl in the 'business' ' 9,000-10,000 Most of these girls have marked their territory, as in the discos where they facilitate single guys to gain entry, and stick to their 'area'. Some boys also accompany these girls for their safety.Help bring in customers People in the business told TOI, \"There are some disco managements that are in touch with groups of girls, whose work is only to bring in customers to these discs.\" This practice is being followed by those discs, that are running in losses and can do with some publicity. These girls are also paid by disc management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14788814", "title": "Demand for office space in Mumbai up", "text": "MUMBAI: Indicating an increase in demand for office space, a report by a global property firm has said more than seven million sq ft was leased and sold between April to June this year as compared to five million sq ft between January to March 2012 across the country. The quarterly report by CBRE further said that more than 75% of 2 million sq ft that was absorbed (leased and sold) in the past three months across the country was taken up by companies based in Mumbai, NCR and Bangalore.The increased demand, however, will not have any effect on the property prices in some micro-markets. In Mumbai, oversupply in some micro-markets like Worli, BKC and Prabhadevi, the prices have dropped slightly (See box).\"Mumbai should continue to witness an increase in the number of occupier enquiries in the medium and large format space, which are expected to lead to transaction closures over the next few quarters. This is likely to result in an increase in absorption in a short to medium term and balance the market against a large supply pipeline. Rental and capital values are likely to remain stable in the near term,'' said Anshuman Magazine, managing director of CBRE.While Nariman Point witnessed limited transaction activity, Lower Parel saw only 80,000 sq ft being absorbed of the total 1.1 million sq ft of Grade A office space that was available. \"The demand-supply gap in Lower Parel has increased vacancy to an estimated 34-35% in the past three months, compared to 24-25% in the first three months of 2012,'' said CBRE.A similar view was expressed by Cushman and Wakefield, a global property consultant. In their office report, Cushman said Mumbai registered the second highest demand for office space in the first half of 2012 mainly from the banking and financial sector. \"Of 2.78 million sq ft absorbed, the banking and financial sector absorbed 23% of this space. Most of this space is located in Andheri, Lower Parel and Bandra Kurla Complex. The supply on the other hand, was 3.6 million sq ft. Due to the balanced supply and absorption dynamics, the vacancy level dropped marginally to 17.3% at the end of the second quarter keeping the rental stable across all the micro markets,'' Cushman said in their report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "14789862", "title": "Purnia district administration bans woman from \u2018curing\u2019 people of their ills", "text": "PURNIA: Though somewhat belatedly, the district administration has virtually put a cap on a woman who indulges in superstition and claims to cure people of many ills by administering mustard oil and water mixed with prayer at Kamalpur village under Jalagarh block in Purnia district.The ban came into effect from Monday.The ban came in the shape of prohibiting people congregating at the small thatched house of one, Bibi Batulan, who claimed to cure myriad people of many ills through mustard oil and water mixed with a dose of prayers.The burqa-clad Bibi Batulan, a mother of three children, is born and brought up at Kamalpur. She was married in the same village.She has been indulging in this practice since long.She would hardly ever interact with the relief-seekers. They were always kept at a bay. However, through word of mouth, her popularity has increased of late.She was allegedly put on high pedestal, revered and admired like a messiah, Nazim, a resident of Purnia said adding many people had benefited from her blessings.Describing the ban as an `administrative decision', Purnia SP Amit Lodha told TOI on Monday it was done to thwart any possible stampede at the village.It was done in the larger public interest. Earlier, people's representative and the elite of town at a meeting in Purnia on July 6 had called for a ban on such superstitious practices.In the last couple of weeks, her popularity reached to such an extent that thousands of people would reach her every day, and beseech her blessings.The crowd went on swelling with each passing day. So much so that it simply turned unmanageable.A commotion was created on July 8 when Purnia civil SDO Pranav Kumar and SDPO Satish Kumar tried to contact the woman who practiced the 'unbelievable'.A huge crowd thronged the village and made all possible steps to prevent them contacting Bibi Batulan.They became all the more aggressive when the sub-divisional officer (SDO) and sub-divisional police officer along with armed policemen, finally contacted her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14796788", "title": "Lycamobile presents cheque for 250,000 pounds to Murali", "text": "LONDON: Lycamobile, one of the largest global providers of low cost international mobile calls, has presented a cheque for 250,000 pounds ($387,565.75) to Sri Lankan cricket legend Muttiah Muralitharan on behalf of the British Asian Trust.According to a press release issued by Lycamobile, the amount is the first instalment of a 1 million pounds grant the telecom company and its Gnanam Foundation announced to give to one of the Prince's Charities.The grant has been earmarked for projects in Sri Lanka that focus on reaching out to vulnerable populations in the country by supporting local organisations who are actively engaged in enhancing access to education, employment and health care.Trust Ambassador Muttiah Muralitharan, better known as Murali, collected the cheque on behalf of The British Asian Trust, and is delighted by the generous donation.Subaskaran Allirajah, chairman of Lycamobile and The Gnanam Foundation, commented, \"We are committed to providing long-term support to people in need.\"Our current partnership with The British Asian Trust has been successful in the on-going Skills and Training project which enables youth from slums in Chennai, India to gain employable skills.\"I am delighted to extend this partnership to Sri Lanka where we can make a significant impact on the lives of disadvantaged people.\"Group Chief Executive Officer of Lycamobile, Milind Kangle, stated that the team is keen to help the people in need following the company's phenomenal success.\"We are glad to be in a position where we can now contribute significantly to a number of worthy causes.\"The British Asian Trust will be managing the grant across four years, and will identify the areas through its in-house, and on-the-ground experts.The charities will then be selected after a rigorous due diligence process to source the most impactful models.The Trust's Director of Investments, Abha Thorat-Shah said, \"This contribution will enable us to expand our reach into Sri Lanka and allow us to support established local organisations that have a proven track record in delivering high impact projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14792106", "title": "Nine held for flesh trade", "text": "INDORE: Acting on a tip-off, the Indore police arrested a woman and eight men on the charges of flesh trade at Aerodrum area here on Sunday night.The police raided a house at Shubham Nagar and arrested Deep Singh, Shyam Patel, Ashish Kashyap, Navin Kumayu, Jitendra Namdev, Roshan Gome, Dilip Gupta and Shyamlal Sonkar. The house from where police arrested all the accused belongs to Yogesh Sharma. The police also arrested a woman who reportedly belongs to Mumbai and was working as a call girl at Golden Palace bar in Dadar.CSP, Malharganj, Shailendra Singh Chouhan, said Deep Singh, the main accused, was in contact with pimps Babu and Rani. The duo used to bring women from Mumbai for a month.This time, they brought the woman and finalized a deal at Rs 9,000. The duo engaged eight people in the deal with each sharing almost Rs 1,000.On Sunday night, noticing the sudden presence of so many people, the informers apprised the police of the unusual situation, the CSP informed. He said the Aerodrum police and Mahila police jointly conducted the raid and arrested all of them.Quoting the woman, the CSP said she is 22-year-old and has a child.However, the court rejected the plea of the police to get a two-day remand of all the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14789970", "title": "Business houses and NGOs pledge to nourish greenery, add to it", "text": "KOLKATA: Around 500 corporate houses and NGOs, including biggies like Tata, IISCO, SAIL, CESC and ECL, have pledged to protect and add to the state's greenery.This is the first time the city's businessmen have responded in such a big way to the environmental cause. They have done this in response to the government's appeal to implement its green mission through a public-private initiative. In letters submitted to state environment minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar at the West Bengal Pollution Control Board office on Monday, the companies committed themselves to plant more than 10 lakh saplings this year across the state.The biggest pledge to plant at least 6,000 trees was made by the Tata Group . Its companies will plant the trees within the premises of their four factories in Haldia and Durgapur. Eastern Coalfield (ECL) has said they will plant about 1.5 lakh saplings. CESC has committed to plant 5,000 trees, Bengal Emta Coal Mines Limited will plant about 20,000 trees and Sail-Iisco will plant about 10,000 trees. Many reputable companies like Jai Balaji and Damodar Ispat have committed to plant about 2,000 trees.The WBPCB will choose the places for many of the firms and NGOs for planting the trees. \"We have already got commitments that more than 10 lakh trees will be planted this monsoon. A review meeting will be held within a month to take stock of this initiative,\" said WBPCB chairman Binay Kanti Dutta.State environment minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar said the government has taken up a massive greenery target on the chief minister's instructions. \"More and more trees will be planted and water bodies conserved in our endeavour to develop a model green state. It is very encouraging that the industry is coming forward in this effort. The environment department will be preparing a comprehensive directorate which will help in policy implementations,\" the minister said.State environment secretary RPS Kahlon said there should be a commitment not only to plant trees but also to nurse and protect them for the next two years by erecting boundaries around them.WBPCB had already asked several industries to take up plantation programmes with the aim to increase greenery, especially in the critically polluted industrial areas like Asansol, Haldia and Durgapur. Already, thousands of trees have been planted in and around Asansol subdivision.The industrial zones apart, the government is emphasizing on protecting and increasing greenery in Kolkata and other urban areas. Studies say Kolkata's s green cover has been reduced to almost 5%. Many trees have been felled to make way for buildings, other projects and billboards.According to the report of the state action plan for climate change the environment department recently submitted to the Centre, there will be a drastic change in climate in the near future due to global warming and the easiest way to tackle this is to protect and increase greenery by planting more and more trees. The report suggests holistic adaptation measures to be implemented at the local level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14788914", "title": "Man held for raping neighbour", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Peroorkada police on Monday arrested Sanal Kumar (35) of Vazhayila on charges of raping his neighbour.According to police, Sanal Kumar had raped the woman on Saturday night. The woman lived in the first floor of a rented house. The ground floor of the house was occupied by another family, consisting of a mother and two children.According to the statement of the woman who lived on the ground floor, Sanal Kumar, who was living in a nearby house, barged into their house on Saturday night and raped her. She was first taken to the Peroorkada district hospital and was later shifted to the SAT Hospital, where she was admitted.Sanal Kumar is learned to be an active worker of the DYFI. The victim is an employee at a shop in a shopping complex at Peroorkada.Sanal was produced before the court which remanded him in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14786142", "title": "Singapore PM to push for bigger Indian role in Asean", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the season of Asean-India diplomacy gets underway, Singaporean Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong arrives here on Tuesday on a state visit for the second time in less than a decade. PM Manmohan Singh had visited Singapore in October 2011.Accompanied by education minister Heng See Keat and parliament speaker Michael Palmer , Lee and Singh will review a relationship that has almost no wrinkles in it. Singapore, as India's closest partner in southeast Asia, will be stepping up its engagement by getting into one of the country's core sectors -- education.On the geopolitical canvas, Singapore will push India again to play a bigger role in Asean and the East Asia Summit. While there is a greater call for Indian engagement in EAS, New Delhi has traditionally been fairly tentative. As all of Asia looks to hedge a rising China, there are more calls for India to step up its presence in the region. This will be conveyed to India, sources said. Foreign minister S M Krishna will be in Phnom Penh on Wednesday to attend the Asean-India ministerial meeting.India will take Singapore's suggestion seriously and it plans to host a series of events to mark the 20th anniversary of India-Asean ties later this year.India and Singapore will be signing an MoU between the Indian ministry of labour and their ministry of education to set up skills-based vocational training institutes. According to a study by Ficci, \"India is expected to be home to a skilled workforce of 500 million by 2022. About 12 million persons are expected to join the workforce every year\". Currently, India can throw up only about 3 million skilled personnel. The demand therefore is huge, if India has to transform itself.Sources said Singapore would make available world class skill-centred curriculum to be taught in technical education institutes. In the first phase, Singapore will even fund part of it. Later, this programme will be taken to other states.In fact, having developed a high degree of comfort with the central government, Singapore is now venturing to extend its diplomacy to Indian states. It will offer its expertise in urban planning, water treatment and waste management to states.India-Singapore comprehensive economic partnership agreement (CEPA) has been the first and in many ways the most effective such agreement. A second review of the CEPA is overdue, largely because the Indian commerce secretary was changed and the exercise is not yet completed. However, Singapore remains a hub for many international businesses who invest in the Indian market or who are interested in the Indian market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14785827", "title": "First Maharashtra senior state selection badminton tournament to begin Tuesday", "text": "AURANGABAD: Owing to forthcoming Olympics, there is a break in the international badminton tournaments as all the top players are busy preparing for the London Games but as far as state and national level players are concerned, their season is about to start.Barring a handful of players, who are going to London, rest of the domestic shuttlers are targeting Srinagar senior nationals and for all of them doing well in their respective state tournaments is paramount to get a chance to compete in the September tourney.The first Maharashtra senior state selection badminton tournament will get underway at the Divisional Sports Complex here on Tuesday, marking the beginning of a busy schedule for the players in the region. Majority of the participants have already arrived here and most of them had a decent practice session on the newly-laid four hova courts on Monday.Top seed in the men's singles, Sagar Chopda, was sent a couple of days early here by the Maharashtra Badminton Association (MBA) to check out the facilities and court condition. The MBA's move to send players' representative at the venue was done specifically after some players complained about the poor quality of courts at the Solapur state tournament last year.It turned out to be a blessing in disguise for Chopda as he got a chance to acclimatize to the conditions early and had a good practice at the venue.Looking at the big draw, Mumbai Suburban's Chopda sounded confident of reaching the final where he is expected to meet second seed Subhankar Dey. The young Thane lad did well in the recently held Maharashtra Badminton League at Pune where he led his franchise Daring Doves to triumph.The absence of reigning state champion Eshan Naqvi, who did not take part because of back injury, may prove beneficial to both Chopda and Dey. Third seed Mayank Gole and fouth seed Harshad Bhagwat, both of Pune, will have to cause major upsets if they hope to overcome the stiff challenge of Chopda and Dey.In the depleted women's section, current state champion Anuradha Shrikhade of Pune and Thane's Jui Agaskar have been named first and second seeds, respectively but Sanyogita Ghorpade may turn out to be the dark horse in the tournament. Pune's Ghorpade has been in good nick of late and played a vital role in guiding her team to title in the MBL last month.There is a fierce competition in the men's doubles category with several good combinations in the fray. It will be tough for top seed and Sameer Bhagwat and Varun Khanwalkar to retain their title this time around. The new pairing of Nishad Dravid and Shlok Ramchandran, who combined well for Graceful Gulls in the MBL, have decided to continue their alliance in the state tournament too. The tall duo is serious contender for the title.Apart from Nishad-Shlok, Chopda and Abhidnya Sawant and Dey and Bisal Das pairs can also trouble the defending champions.SEEDINGSMen's singles: 1. Sagar Chopda, 2. Subhankar Dey, 3. Mayank Gole, 4. Harshad Bhagwat.Men's doubles: 1. Sameer Bhagwat-Varun Khanwalkar, 2. Mayur Tawde-Nikhil Kolhatkar.Women's singles: 1. Anuradha Shrikhande, 2. Jui Agaskar.Women's doubles: 1. Manjusha Sahasrabudhe-Noopur Sahasrabudhe, 2. Sanyogita Ghorpade-Shruti Mundada.Mixed doubles: 1. Sameer Bhagwat-Noopur Sahasrabudhe, 2. Nishad Dravid-Manasi Gadgil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14791762", "title": "Portion of a building collapses", "text": "BHOPAL: A portion of an old building caved in following heavy rains in Barkhedi area, here on Monday. Though there were no injuries reported, two cars and a motor bike were crushed under the debris. The building adjacent to the old Jehangiriya school had already been evacuated after the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) declared the structure as 'dangerous'. However, the vacant portion next to it was being used as a parking lot.\"No one has been injured. The building collapsed at around 8pm,\" said a senior police official. However, the street adjoining Extol college witnessed a traffic jam owing to the collapse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14789188", "title": "Goa Vikas Party supremo, Francisco assures solution to vehicle owners' issue", "text": "MARGAO: Alleging that they were being harassed by traffic police while ferrying children to various schools in Salcete, around 30 private vehicle owners from Colva, Nuvem, Raia and Verna met Goa Vikas Party supremo Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco at his residence on Monday. The Nuvem MLA assured them of speaking to the government and the RTO and said that he would see that they are not harassed and that the transport department comes out with a permanent policy on the matter soon. He also urged the drivers to follow traffic rules.\"We met Pacheco who has assured us that he will speak to the RTO on Tuesday and keep us informed,\" said Savio Rebello, a private vehicle owner, after the meeting. \"He, however, instructed us that the number of students we carry in one car should not go beyond the capacity of the car.\" Rebello alleged that the traffic police were harassing him and said that in some cases, the taxi owners were carrying pre-primary and primary students to schools located in remote areas.Other such vehicle owners alleged that the traffic police were refusing to accept consent letters from the parents, including statements that the safety of the children has been taken into consideration. \"I will try and help them as per the provisions of the law. If temporary permits are issued, they have to follow traffic rules such as not exceeding the carrying capacity,\" said Pacheco, while stressing that he would not be in position to help them if the vehicle owners are caught violating traffic norms.Traffic police, however, claimed that they were only stopping taxi owners who drive recklessly or who had packed their vehicles beyond the permissible limit. \"Some of their vehicles are poorly maintained and a few of them are old and these vehicle owners should obtain the annual fitness certificate from the transport department,\" said a traffic police official.Transport department officials said that they have been instructed to keep a strict vigilance over the competence of the private vehicles ferrying school children from home to school and back.They added that presently the department inspectors are in the process of educating the owners of these vehicles as regards vehicle upgradation, and will undertake punitive action after a fortnight, if the vehicles are not improved accordingly.Director of transport department Arun Desai said that his department has already formulated the draft State School Bus Rules, including fixing the capacity of such vehicles, and the draft rules are currently before the law department for vetting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14789706", "title": "Drive to curb illegal parking near commercial buildings", "text": "COIMBATORE: In an attempt to ease traffic congestion in the streets, especially near busy commercial buildings, the traffic wing of the city police has decided to prepare a report on such buildings and send it to the city corporation and local planning authorities with strong recommendation to initiate action against violators. The traffic department will identify core areas and compile a detailed list before they approach the local civic body.\"We will write to the city corporation and concerned authorities, recommending they take strong action against violators. Most buildings do not adhere to the parking norms as per their initial building plan leading to congestion on the streets,\" said T Senthilkumar, Deputy Commissioner, Traffic, Coimbatore City Police.As part of streamlining vehicle parking in race course locality in the heart of the city, traffic police officials erected barricades in a no parking zone before a busy commercial building on Friday morning and started towing away vehicles parked outside. The building houses a branch of a popular department store chain and also has private offices and banks. Thus, there is always a flow of people visiting it on a regular basis. \"It is the responsibility of the building owners to ensure that there is ample parking for customers and occupants of the structure,\" Senthilkumar added.A police towing vehicle and traffic constables were deployed outside the building and were asked to instruct customers to park their vehicles in the permitted parking zone along the street. The building management has also posted a sign near the gate instructing people to park their vehicles at assigned spots.Corporation officials said they will also start a fresh drive against building violators in the coming days. Fresh legal notices will be issued against the violators identified from all five zones of the corporation. The main focus of the drive will be on commercial buildings and not residential ones.The city corporation had earlier identified and issued notices to over 500 buildings within the old corporation limits that were found with violations last year. But the drive against these structures died a natural death after the formation of the new corporation council. Besides, some buildings with gross deviations sought legal options to vacate the stay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14797066", "title": "Newcomer Neha Sharma upsets B'wood biggies", "text": "Kumar Taurani and Ekta Kapoor are miffed with Neha Sharma, who put them in a fix by allotting common dates to their films...Last week, producers Ekta Kapoor and Kumar Taurani found themselves in a bit of a spot over newcomer Neha Sharma, who is starring in both their projects.Neha had allotted common dates to Kapoor's Kya Super Kool Hain Hum and Taurani's Jayanta Bhai Ki Luv Story, sending the shooting schedules into a tizzy. So much so, Kapoor even threatened to ban Neha if she didn't make it to her shoot. Taurani was forced to relent. After a long chat with his lead actor Vivek Oberoi , he let go of Neha's dates to accommodate Ekta's shoot.An insider told us, \"With Neha's dates overlapping, it would have meant a loss of two days for either one of the films. Kumar spoke to Vivek, who agreed to a night shoot for those two days only so that Neha could resume shooting for Ekta's film, which is nearer to release.\"When contacted, Taurani said, \"There have been issues but at this point in time, I really don't wish to comment on it.\" It is learnt Neha has now resumed shooting for Taurani's film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14789488", "title": "79 pump houses get functional", "text": "PATNA: Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) has made 79 pump houses under its four circles functional for regular drinking water supply.PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal has deployed four nodal officers to monitor the water supply under PMC jurisdiction.Twenty-seven pump houses under New Capital circle, 17 under Bankipore circle, 12 under Kankarbagh circle and 23 under the Patna city circle were repaired last week. They were made operational on Monday.PMC commissioner has deployed four Bihar Rajya Jal Parshad engineers as the nodal officers of the four circles. One engineer, Kameshwar Prasad Sharma, has been deputed at the control room to coordinate with other engineers. \"If any problem occurs in supply of drinking water, the five engineers would be held accountable,\" he said.Meanwhile, a departmental inquiry would be ordered against the architects who passed the designs of commercial complexes on residential plots, he said.However, unauthorized hospitals, nursing homes, hostels and other commercial establishments which have come up in the city, got some reprieve from the PMC as the corporation assured that it would not demolish them arbitrarily. Instead, PMC would hold an inquiry on case-to-case basis and any action regarding demolition would be taken on the basis of the inquiry report.\"An inquiry will be conducted against all such establishments which have come up in the city on the leased land provided by the erstwhile PRDA for residential purposes. A departmental inquiry will be ordered against the architects who illegally passed the designs,\" he said.There are several commercial establishments in residential areas of the city and they evade paying proper holding tax. In fact, about 2.25 lakh structures have been marked for evading holding tax, Pal had earlier said. Moreover, the owners of these establishments also pay lower power and water tariff applicable to residential complexes even though they use the property for commercial purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14788716", "title": "Abduction bid brings issue of women\u2019s safety in focus", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The incident of a failed abduction attempt of a teenage girl on Sunday has raised serious questions on how safe the capital district is for women. Though the police dismiss it as an isolated incident, similar incidents have been occurring regularly in the district. Just two weeks ago, Liji, a 19-year-old woman, had died after she was attacked by a stalker while was returning home from work, at Varkala.A week before, an unidentified man abducted a lower primary school girl at Vizhinjam. He left the girl after robbing her of her gold ornaments. In the same week, the Medical College police arrested four students of a prominent city college for trying to molest a woman who had met with an accident.In the last week of May, a 22-year-old woman, who was on her way to work had to face a molestation bid inside a bus in broad day light, near Thampanoor. The four accused even chased the woman after she jumped down from the bus and tried to escape. All these incidents prove that the city and the district is no more a safe place for women who step out of their houses alone. With a vast majority of the women population in the city working, these incidents demand immediate attention of the authorities.Meanwhile, the city police are yet to extract any valuable information from Abdul Kalam (25) from West Bengal , who allegedly tried to abduct the schoolgirl in a bid to molest her on Sunday evening.The police on Monday produced Abdul Kalam before the court which remanded him in judicial custody. Kalam was arrested on Sunday when he, accompanied by a friend, tried to abduct the higher secondary student who was returning home after tuitions. The incident occurred near the Swathi Thirunal College of Music at Thycaud. \"It is possible that the abduction attempt was planned. But this can only be confirmed after we get more information on the background of the accused,\" said Cantonment police sub inspector B S Sajikumar.According to the girl's statement, there was one more man with Kalam. The other man, whom Kalam identified as Ribhan, had fled when the girl and her friend raised an alarm. Kalam told the police that he works in a hollow brick factory at Chengannoor in Alappuzha. The sub inspector also said that the accused has been giving contradictory statements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14788705", "title": "New Tatkal rules from today: Sales start at 10am", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid increasing complaints about misuse of the Tatkal scheme, the railways has introduced a slew of measures that will come into effect from Tuesday.Under the revised scheme, passengers can book Tatkal tickets from 10am instead of 8am.No authorized agents, including those of IRCTC, will be allowed to book Tatkal tickets from 10am to 12pm over the counter as well as on the internet.While some zones will have separate counters for these tickets, others will issue Tatkal tickets from the same counters; they will provide only Tatkal tickets from 10am-10.30am, said a senior railway ministry official.The revised scheme comes in the backdrop of an increasing number of complaints from passengers about cornering of the bulk of tickets by touts, who then sell them at a premium.Measures such as installation of CCTVs in major booking centres, barring booking clerks from carrying cellphones inside counters, display of helpline numbers as well as raids by vigilance squads, have been taken, said the official.The railways will also augment the e-ticket handling capacity of its website through short-term and long-term measures.The server capacity will be increased from 3.5 lakh bookings to about 5 lakh bookings per day in about four months, which will eventually be increased to about 8 lakh bookings a day.The move comes after TOI ran a series of stories highlighting the difficulties faced by passengers in trying to book Tatkal tickets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14789586", "title": "City man invited to AIDS conference in Washington DC", "text": "COIMBATORE: Thirteen year old non identical twins, Jagadeep Kumar and Jagadeesh Kumar have been excited for the past few days as their father Nithyanandam Narayanasamy received an invitation from the International AIDS Society to attend the International AIDS conference to be held At Walter E Washington convention centre in Washington DC from July 22 to 27. The conference is also supported by the World Health Organisation (WHO) and United Nations and will have government policy makers, social activists, health experts and students from across the globe attending the conference.\"I have never travelled outside the country and this is the first time I am getting an opportunity to travel to the state. I am sure it will be a good learning experience,\" said Narayanasamy.Nithyanandam Narayanasamy has been a member of the International AIDS society since 2008 and has been actively involved in spreading awareness about the disease and the rehabilitation of infected people who have to tackle the social stigma too. Initially, he was employed as a worker with Lakshmi Machine Works and at present he has a thermal flask selling outlet near Ondipudur in the city.Along with some like minded individuals, he formed a social collective called Thiyana social service centre to expand their social work. The district administration of Coimbatore has also felicitated Narayanasamy on numerous occasions for his work. \"The district AIDS society had issued an order in 2002 and I travelled across Coimbatore and visited more than 100 colleges and higher education centres to spread awareness about AIDS infection. I conducted more than 400 awareness camps across the district,\" Narayanasamy added.Narayanasamyu decided to join the International AIDS Conference to widen his network of social activities and also get in touch with similar work which is being carried out in other countries.Narayanasamy claimed that he had sent scanned copies of the certificates of appreciation from district administration and private social welfare organisations to the International AIDS Society and he got selected as a delegate for the conference. The travel expenses have to be borne by the delegates themselves but the remaining expenses will be borne by the society. He will leave for Delhi from Coimbatore on July 14 and will fly to Washington via Frankfurt on July 16.\"It is a good opportunity and also matter of pride to be part of such an international gathering of social workers and policy makers in the United States,\" said R Raveendran, honorary secretary, Residents Awareness Association of Coimbatore (RAAC).Narayanasamy had also been actively involved in the rehabilitation program of Tsunami victims and had also visited Bhuj in Gujarat as part of the relief work after the massive earthquake in 2001. Narayanasamy and a group of few like minded individuals in the city had collected medicines worth more than Rs 3 lakh to be sent to Gujarat through the Coimbatore district administration, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14788556", "title": "Vishwa's mother to give DNA sample as cops fear the worst", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Police officials hunting for Vishwa Patel, 11, have turned to forensic officers to resolve the mystery of the missing girl.City cops have decided to get a DNA sample of the girl's mother Preeti. The sample, said crime branch officials who are probing the case, will be used to match the DNA of a victim whose body was found in a canal.The crime branch team that is hunting for 41 missing children from the city has started a state-wide search. In the course of this hunt for missing children, crime branch officials came across a message issued by Panchmahal police in February. On February 16 the Panchmahal police had reported that body of an unidentified girl was recovered from Bakrol canal.The girl's hand and feet were tied and owing to prolonged exposure to water, the body was in an advanced stage of decomposition. Panchmahal police registered a complaint of murder in this case. The minor victim has not yet been identified.Though, the victim was unrecognizable owing to distortion of her features, crime branch officials feel that her physical description matches Vishwa. Fortunately, the doctor who had conducted post mortem on the girl had got DNA profiling done on the victim. \"We will collect Vishwa's mother's DNA sample to cross check with the victim's DNA profile,\" said a crime branch official.Vishwa, a resident of Meera Mangal Flats, Anandnagar, has been missing since January 27. A class VI student, Vishwa had been to a marriage organized at her flat's common plot at 1 pm and did not return. Family members searched all possible locations including residences of her friends , relatives and school mates but she could not be located.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14798198", "title": "'Bade Bhaiyya' is not my new movie title: Sooraj Barjatya", "text": "Sooraj Barjatya breaks his silence on his new filmWelcome back. You're finally directing another film? Yes, I am in the process of completing the script and hopefully I will start soon.When exactly do you hope to start your new film? It all depends on Salmanbhai's dates and health. Right now my primary concern is his condition. We all want him to recover fully. Phir movies toh banti hi rahegi. For now the priority for all of us who care for Salmanbhai is his health. I will meet him once he's back from Bangkok . I am working on a script that will hopefully bring out the best in him.Do tell me a bit about the film. My script is almost ready. It's a family film again. With lots of characters. And each character has to be written carefully. It's a time-consuming process and I don't want to rush it.Would it be in the tradition of Hum Aapke Hain Koun? Ummmm...it would convey all the joys and sorrows of a joint family. It will have tears and laughter and of course celebration. But at the same time, it'd be a little different from the family films I've made in the past. The definition of family values has changed in recent years. My film would have to reflect that change.Your last film Vivaah came in 2006. Six Years is a long time to stay away from filmmaking? Yes. During the last few years I took time off from direction to set up our company's television branch. That took a lot out of my time and energy.Your fans had begun to despair thinking you wouldn't direct another film. (laughs). No, it's just that I had a number of activities happening. And I'm not a multi-tasker. I normally like to focus on one activity at a time. But here I was looking after the television business. And since I write my own films, my script-writing suffered. I am just not good at doing 2-3 things at the same time. But now I decided it's high time I directed another film.Your last directorial venture Vivah seemed inspired by Bimal Roy's Sujata? I kept in mind all the novels of Saratchandra Chatterjee while making Vivah . But my new film is not like Vivah.Lots of rumours about your next film. Is it called Bade Bhaiyya? It sounds like something I'd call my film (laughs). But it isn't. I am in the last stages of scripting. And there's no title yet. I don't know where that came from. I also read I wanted Arjun Kapoor to play the Bade Bhaiyya ke chote bhaiyya (laughs). I don't know who my casting director is. But that person has a fertile imagination.So there is no Arjun Kapoor in Bade Bhaiyya? There is no Bade Bhaiyya only (laughs). Definitely no Arjun. Unless I finish my script there is no way I can approach actors. Nowadays every actor of every generation insists on a script. And forget nowadays I've never approached any actor for any film without a script.Abhishek told me you even play all the songs during the narration. That's true. I am not likely to change my method of working. When the casting is announced it'd be done in a big way. Right now there is no casting except Salmanbhai. I keep reading information about my film. But the truth is, Salmanbhai is all we've decided. I've taken three years to write the script and I am yet writing. The closure of the script will happen only when a voice from within me says it's complete.Salman and you created history in Maine Pyar Kiya and Hum Aapke Hain Koun? (Voice lights up). He is like my brother. I've spoken to him. But I'm yet to narrate the script.No director has been able to get that innocence out of Salman. In fact he looks like you in your films? We have a bonding that goes beyond the films we do together.While you took a sabbatical from direction your assistants directed films that looked like clones of your film. (Thinks for a while) I don't know why. All those films were made with the correct intentions. But sometime your fail. I personally enjoyed producing all those films. Success or failure are in no one's hands. One can only strive to do one's best.Hum Aapke Hain Koun (HAHK) remains your most iconic film. Is that a burden? No Subhashji... It's not like that. It's not as if I had set out to make what you call an iconic film Hum Apke Hain Icon (laughs).... No film is made with specific intentions. You just make what comes instinctively to you.Which among your films is your favourite? Until I make my next film the previous remains my favourite. So at the moment Vivah is my favourite. Now I want to tell a different story in a different format.But HAHK had far deeper ramifications? I agree. From the audiences viewpoint it is the biggest film of my career... I am blessed. Even today 18 years after its release people talk about it wherever I go. They give me so much love and respect for it.In fact in Bela Sehgal's Shirin Farhad Ki No Nikal Padi Farah Khan and Boman Irani have done takeoff on Salman and Madhuri Dixit's Didi tera devar from HAHK. (Affectionately) Yes, I saw that. It was really wonderful of Sanjay Bhansali to have given my film such a prominence. I couldn't ask for more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14791613", "title": "No money for kids' schooling, claims Suja Jones Mazurier", "text": "BANGALORE: Suja Jones Mazurier, wife of French consular official and rape accused Pascal Mazurier, claimed she doesn't have money to take care of her daily expenses and her children's education.She made this claim in an email to the French ambassador in India. \"I have repeatedly told the consul that I needed access to my French and Indian bank accounts. My husband changed the passwords to access the accounts online when he was in the custody of the consulate,\" she wrote.She says she now has only Rs 12,000 in her bank account and her children are not attending school. She said Pascal had transferred most of the money in the accounts to his colleagues. She also accused the consul of not being neutral in the matter.\"I worry a lot but I have to stay calm so as not to disturb the children. I do not understand the reaction of the consul who is aware of it. When I ask the help of French expatriates here to call my bank in France they ask me to wait for DNA results!\" she said.She said most of her expenses including those incurred for her and her children's counselling were on credit. \"It's not easy for a mother to press charges against her husband she loves for such a crime. This is the worst nightmare of living. I did it anyway because I want justice for my daughter. I have to take my children for psychological therapy,\" she wrote.Making it clear that her Indian family could support her and she herself could work to raise funds, she said it was necessary that the French embassy stops claiming it's helping her children who are also French citizens.Suja also hinted that she was being made to pay for having dared to complain against a 'real' Frenchman.Bail Plea AdjournedThe 1st fast track magistrate court on Monday adjourned the hearing on the bail plea of French consulate official Pascal Mazurier, who is accused of raping his daughter, to Wednesday.This followed a request by the public prosecutor for more time to study the DNA test report.Mazurier, deputy head of chancery here, has been in judicial custody since June 19. Defence lawyers sought for bail producing a media report suggesting that DNA tests had come up with ambiguous findings. They also filed an application seeking a copy of the report.Contesting this, public prosecutor C R Raveendran said a media report should not be the ground for granting bail. Senior police officers said the court asked investigating officer D Devaraj to be in court at the next hearing. He is likely to be questioned about the DNA tests.Cops ask explanation on DNA reportDevaraj said a questionnaire has been sent to the DNA labs seeking clarity on ambiguous portions in the report. He added that the labs had to clarify on a lot of issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14787988", "title": "Valuables worth more than Rs 15 lakhs stolen", "text": "NAGPUR: Two major cases of burglaries came to fore on Monday at different places from where the miscreants decamped with valuables worth more than Rs 15 lakhs.Sadar police registered a case of burglary after mobile shop owner Mohan Kukreja approached them following thefts at his retail outlet located at Anjuman Complex in Mangalwari Market locality. Kukreja and his employees were left stunned after the shop was opened the shop at 11 am. The central portion of the iron shutter of the shop was bent up through which the miscreants likely to have sneaked into the outlet of mobile and other electronic goods.Police said that 80 mobile handsets, 42 cameras and cash Rs 1.60 from the drawer were stolen from the shop. The theft has left Kukreja with a loss of materials of around Rs 10.85 lakhs.In a separate incident, the miscreants have decamped with the valuables worth Rs 4.20 lakhs from the residence of the Jha family of Surve Nagar. Anil Jha and his wife had gone to leave their son at school at 10.35 am. Jha is a senior official of a nationalized bank whose branch is located at Dharampeth. Jha's wife was left stunned after returning home in the noon.It is learnt that the miscreants had gained entry into the residence by breaking open the front door of the lock. The burglars managed to lay their hands on the keys of the almirah with which they opened it before decamping with gold worth Rs 4.20 lakhs. Rana Pratap Nagar police has registered an offence after the Jhas approached them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "junagadh", "code": "14791209", "title": "Three of a family killed in accident", "text": "JUNAGADH: Three people - an old couple and their 32-year-old son - were killed in a road accident at Virpur near Junagadh on Sunday night.Police identified the deceased as Prafulchandra Vadera, 75, his wife Madhu Vadera, 60, and their son Dhaval Vadera. The incident occurred when the trio was on their way to Gondal in their car to attend a marriage function. \" Rajesh Dabhi, driver of the car, failed to notice a truck parked near Virpur bus stand and rammed it. While Dabhi was seriously injured, the Vadera couple and Dhaval were killed on the spot,\" said an official from Virpur police station.The Vaderas were residents of Giriraj Society in Junagadh. Dhaval, who used to work as a collection manager with ICICI Bank, was the elder of the two siblings. He is survived by his wife and a seven-year-old daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14789688", "title": "350 mobiles seized in jail, CM orders probe", "text": "KOLKATA: Seizure of 350 cell phones from inmates of city's correctional homes over the last three months has set the alarm bell ringing at the Writers' Buildings. To reach to the root cause of the problem, chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday ordered a high-level inquiry into the smuggling of cell phones into the jails immediately after chief secretary Samar Ghosh and home secretary Basudeb Banerjee apprised her of the findings in a meeting.The meeting was convened after police received complaints from some citizens that they were receiving threat calls from jail inmates.Officials at Writers' now apprehend stringent action against flawed officials. A major reshuffle of top officials in the prison and correctional home department may also be in the pipeline, said an official.According to a report compiled by the home department, nearly 100 cell phones were seized from each of Alipore and Presidency Correctional Homes in the last three months. Around 150 phones had been found with inmates at Dum Dum and Midnapore Correctional Homes.According to the report, the highest number of phones was seized from the Alipore Correctional Home, followed by Presidency Correctional Home. The inmates had managed to smuggle in the phones though there are layers of security at all jails. But the most important of them all - installations of jammers - has not been put in place yet. The chief minister on Monday enquired how much progress has been made in installing jammers at the three central jails in Kolkata.The home department has now been told to prepare a list of the cell phones seized from each of these prisons. They have also been asked to tie up with the local police station in tracing original owners of the cell phones. Several dreaded criminals, including Gudda and Gabbar, are languishing behind the bars at present. In February, 2011, city police had recovered a mobile phone and a SIM card from the cell of notorious gangster Gudda alias Sadiq Zafar at Alipore jail. The erstwhile Left Front government had then initiated an inquiry into the incident, suspecting a nexus between the jail officials and the criminals, but nothing came of it.Gudda was reportedly running his extortion racket from the jail over his mobile phone. He was not only in touch with his gang members, but was also calling up businessmen and demanding money from them. Earlier, Alipore jail superintendent Kumaresh Ray was held accountable for the smuggling of cell phones and was slapped a showcause notice. Later, warders were barred from carrying cell phones inside the jails.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has initiated a high-level inquiry into the smuggling of cell phones into the city's correctional homes after receiving a report that around 350 sets were seized from the jails in the last three months. The discovery may lead to some stringent actions against prison department officials.Officials at Writers' Buildings apprehended a major reshuffle of top officials in the prison and correctional home department, following Monday's meeting.The chief minister was apprised of the alarming situation at a meeting with chief secretary Samar Ghosh and home secretary Basudeb Banerjee at Writers' Buildings on Monday. The meeting was convened after the state police have received complaints from some citizens that they were receiving threat calls from jail inmates.According to a report compiled by the home department, near 100 cell phones were seized from each of Alipore and Presidency Correctional Homes in the last three months in raids by the prison department. Around 150 cell phones had been recovered from Dum Dum and Midnapore Correctional Homes over the same period.The report said the highest number of cell phones was seized from the Alipore Correctional Home. The second highest was recovered from Presidency Correctional Home. The seizure of the mobile phones have exposed despite a slew of measures being taken in the state's prisons. But the most important of them all - installations of jammers - has not been done yet. The chief minister on Monday enquired how much progress has been made in installing jammers in the three central jails in Kolkata.The home department has now been told to prepare a proper list of the cell phones seized from each of these prisons. They have also been asked to tie up with the local police station in tracing the names of the original owners of the cell phones. Several dreaded criminals including Gudda and Gabbar are languishing in the central jails. In February, 2011, the city police had recovered a mobile phone and a SIM card from the cell of notorious gangster Gudda alias Sadiq Zafar at Alipore central jail. The erstwhile Left Front government had then initiated an inquiry into the incident, suspecting a deep nexus between the jail officials and the criminals, but nothing came of it.Gudda was reportedly running his extortion racket from inside the jail through his mobile phone. He was not only in touch with his gang-members but was also calling up businessmen, demanding money from them. Earlier, Alipore jail superintendent Kumaresh Ray was held accountable for the smuggling in cell phones and was slapped a showcause notice. Later warders were barred from carrying cell phones inside the jails.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14791311", "title": "24-year-old murdered in Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: A one-and-half year love affair became the cause of death for a 24-year-old of Jodha village in Ludhiana. Sukhwant Singh's family accused the family of Amandeep Kaur, 19, of murdering their son. In his complaint, the deceased's brother, Sukhjinder Singh, said, \"He went to a nearby village, Bulowal, on Sunday and while he was returning, the girl's family members assaulted him.\"SHO Rachpal Singh said, \"The deceased was a carpenter and during preliminary investigation we came to know that Sukhwant was in love with Amandeep and wanted to marry her. Amandeep's family was against it.\" A case against seven persons and the main accused - the girl's uncle, Kuldeep Singh - has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14791222", "title": "'White paper on state of Indian Muslims needed'", "text": "PUNE: Former chief justice of the Delhi high court and civil rights activist Rajinder Sachar has said that the Union government needs to come out with a white paper on the prevailing social, economic and educational status of the Muslim community in the country.Sachar, who headed a six-member committee appointed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in 2005, to prepare a report on the latest social, economic and educational condition of the Muslim community in India, was speaking at the Maharashtra Cosmopolitan Education Society's (MCES) Azam campus here on Monday.The committee proposed multiple suggestions in its report submitted in November 2006, to ensure equity and equality of opportunities to Indian Muslims in residential, work and educational sector. The report has since generated a widepsread debate among the political and social circles over the state of the Muslim community.\"The committee has done its job by highlighting the prevailing condition of the Muslim community in the country,\" said Sachar. It is now for the Union government to act on the report. A white paper on the issue will enable efforts at all levels to remove the backwardness of the community.\"The community need not harbour any sense of inferiority complex, negative approach and disappointment on the issue of their progress and being a part of the national mainstream,\" he added.Sachar also called for the utilisation of the revenue generated from the vast tracts of land available with the Muslim waqf boards, for the purpose of the education of Muslim youth.\"Efforts are also needed to promote education of Muslim women in a big way,\" he said. \"Nowhere does the holy Quran or Hadis state that women be denied education,\" he pointed out.Earlier, MCES chairman P A Inamdar felicitated Sachar and highlighted the former judge's immense contribution towards the empowerment of the Muslim community.Vice-chairman of MCES Abeda Inamdar, secretary Latif Maqdoom, S M Khan, E M Khan, Wahid Biyabani, Subhash Ware and S A Inamdar were among the prominent members of the academic society who attended the interactive session with Sachar. The teaching and non-teaching staff of Azam campus institutions were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "14787996", "title": "Woman missing", "text": "AKOLA: A 22-year-old woman was reported missing since Sunday. Shilpa Kasde, a resident of village Vastapur Mankari in Akot taluka, left home saying that she was leaving for Amravati from where she did her B Ed. Her father Ramkrishna lodged a missing complaint with the police.Man electrocutedA 35-year-old man was electrocuted in village Khambora on Sunday. Vilas Navle came in contact with a live wire while filling water through a motor. He is survived by his wife and two sons.Gang war accused surrendersCorporator Nakir Khan, a key accused in a gang war case has been remanded in police custody until July 12. He surrendered before the court on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14791926", "title": "UK unveils new visa rules to catch bogus students", "text": "LONDON: Britain on Monday announced a targeted interview system for student visa applicants from India and other non-EU countries to prevent abuse and to ensure that they are refused visas if immigration officials have doubts about their genuineness as students.The new measure follows a pilot scheme carried out in India, Pakistan and 11 other countries, which revealed that some applicants could not answer basic questions in English without an interpreter, but had claimed in forms that they had the ability to study at UK universities. During the pilot, over 2,300 interviews were conducted at application stage between December 2011 and February 2012.It revealed that almost half (45%) of applicants from Myanmar would have been refused visas if they had been interviewed.The figure for India was 29%, and 38% for Bangladesh , the home office said.\"Under the current system UK Border Agency officers are unable to refuse some applications even if they have serious concerns over the credibility of the student - we are toughening up the system,\" immigration minister Damian Green said. The pilot analysis mentions case studies of three Indian applicants whose responses during interviews raised doubts about their credibility and genuineness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "14789761", "title": "Acute shortage of Kala-azar drugs at Motihari hospital", "text": "MOTIHARI: Acute shortage of Kala-azar medicines is posing a serious problem to the 70 kala-azar patients including men women and children admitted to Motihari Sadar hospital. East Champaran civil surgeon Dr Saroj Singh on July 6 has sent an SOS to the health department and State Health Society (SHS), Bihar, seeking immediate supply of Kala-azar drugs.Deputy superintendent of Sadar Hospital Dr S N Singh said the hospital lacks Kala-azar medicine for children for the last six months and he has already informed the civil surgeon about it. Three Kala-azar drugs are being supplied by the health department to the Hospital for free distribution to the patients but all these medicines have gone out of stock, he said. CS Dr Saroj singh said all the in-charges of the Primary Health Centres(PHCs) in the district have been asked to send their unutilized stock of Kala-azar medicines to the Motihari Sadar hospital.Ritlal Manjhi, an attendant of a Kala- azar patient admitted to the Sadar hospital, said medicine is not available in open market and his wife is going without medicine. Baban Pandey, a spokesman of district Congress committee, said that shortage of kala- azar drugs has exposed the efforts of the state government to control the disease. \"DDT spray at Motihari town and other affected areas of the district continues to be erratic,\" he said. Over 600 persons are suffering from Kala-azar in the district, according to sources.According to health department records, Kala-azar disease broke out in East Champaran in 1992 and about 100 villages were identified as Kala-azar hit villages. In 2004, 4,000 kala-azar kala-azar cases were found in the district. Over 500 persons died due to kala-azar between 1992 and 2004 in the district. The Bihar government also started free distribution of kala-azar drugs after that and controlled the spread of the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14789082", "title": "Pipeline laid to avoid Comba flooding", "text": "PANAJI: Taking cognizance of the recent flooding at the Comba subway , Margao Municipal Coucil chairperson Arthur D'Silva as said that a pipeline has been laid to divert water and thereby avoid flooding.D'Silva said that he had received several complaints about the flooding during the monsoon and had taken the decision after consulting engineers. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14798178", "title": "Rajinikanth praises Naan Ee", "text": "Sudeep has arrived in Tollywood and Kollywood, and how! The biggest names in the industry have all raised a toast to the Kannada star's performance in SS Rajamouli's Eega ( Naan Ee).The biggest compliment among them all must be of Superstar Rajinkanth himself. Talking about what Rajinikanth told the actor, director Rajamouli tweeted - Rajani sir's comment to @kicchasudeep With his trademark guffaw.. \"I thought I was the best villain to date. But you beat me to it\"Other actors who congratulated Sudeep included top Tollywood stars Nagarjuna and Mahesh Babu. Nagarjuna wrote on his Twitter page - Coming from an actor(me), EEGA is not the hero of the film, Sudeep is. Sudeep is incredible as Sudeep in EEGA ! Welcome to telugu land.Mahesh, in his usual pithy self, tweeted - A special mention needs 2b made for sudeep's performance... outstanding!!!Sudeep, of course is on cloud nine, as he says, \"Havin soo many top names frm Indian cinema tweeting bout me n adoring...I'm really blessed..Iam smiling endlessly ....gettin emotional too.\" And deservedly too, we add!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14788627", "title": "Son kills father in drunken stupor", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a shocking incident a 27-year-old youth killed his father. Rejith Kumar, was arrested by the Kattakada police for allegedly murdering his father Sasidharan Nair, 56 using a wooden handle of shovel. The incident happened at Pezhummoodu near Kattakada.The incident occurred at around 11.30pm on Sunday.Sasidharan Nair was consuming liquor with his sons Sajith Kumar and Rejith Kumar. The trio entered into a verbal spat. Sasidharan Nair became violent and grabbed a knife and brandished it at his sons. At this point, his wife Usha came in between and got stabbed.When Sasidharan seized the knife and tried to stab the son, the latter picked up the shovel handle and hit Sasidharan on his head. He died on the spot. Rejith was produced before the court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14786855", "title": "Starbus fleet rises to 250", "text": "NAGPUR: In a development that hints at some improvement in the city bus service, the number of Starbuses on the roads has increased to 250 from earlier figure of 170. Though the Starbus operator, Vansh Nimay Infraprojects Limited (VNIL) claimed this figure to be 280, that too at the meeting of Nagpur Mahanagar Parivahan Limited (NMPL), NMPL staffers dismissed it by submitting actual figures.The meeting was chaired by mayor Anil Sole and officiating municipal commissioner and collector, Saurabh Rao. The NMPL also pointed out that VNIL was operating the bus service with such less number since May. However, the introduction of Urban Mass Transit Company (UMTC), a joint venture of Union Urban Development Ministry, Infrastructure Leasing and Finance Corporation (IL&FS;) to improve the services, seems to be bearing fruits.Chairman of Nagpur Municipal Corporation standing committee, Dayashankar Tiwari, who is also director in NMPL, said that IL&FS; introduced UMTC to prepare a road map for improvement of the bus service. \"The operator claimed to have purchased around 1,000 new tyres and other spare parts to get the abandoned buses running on the roads. 45 more buses are expected to be added to the fleet in coming days,\" he said.Tiwari, while stating that Morbhavan land was out of NMC's reach, said the NMPL has taken a decision to obtain land reserved for the city bus stand, behind Morbhavan, which is in possession of Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV). \"MSRTC has agreed to hand over the land at Bhandara Road and Hingna to NMC and it will be developed for Starbus service. Besides, 10 acres at Bhandewadi dumpyard will be given for developing the workshop. Two pieces of land, admeasuring 3,000 and 2,500 sq mt, will be given to Starbuses for developing the bus stand,\" he said.Shockingly, the operator challenged the royalty figure calculated by the NMPL officials at the meeting. Sources told TOI that the chief accounts and finance officer, Madan Gadge, who is also a director in NMPL, had done audit of royalty and claimed dues of Rs1.05 crore with the operator. \"Ajay Dhawangale, director of VNIL, denied any dues and claimed that the NMC owed Rs74 lakh to the company.\"Tiwari said NMPL has directed the officials and the operator to finalize the royalty figures within seven days. \"Decision to recover royalty according to the first agreement may not be possible as it needs consent from the operator.\"It seems the NMC and the operator have started taking various initiatives to improve the city bus service, but only after the Central government started an enquiry following complaints from MP Vilas Muttemwar.------------------------------------BOX:The way forward* Two committees - City Mobility Committee and Project Management Unit - to be appointed for giving suggestions and report on Starbuses to the NMPL* Commissioner of police, RTO, NGOs, journalists and officials to be the panel members* Board of directors' meeting to be held once in every month as against earlier trend of once in every quarter* Resignation of chief engineer, AN Shambarkar, from NMPL accepted following proposal to add two more directors to the board* Government asked to appoint MSRTC officer on deputation to look after Starbuses on full-time basis* Proposal to be sent to government for sanctioning Rs17 crore to operator as school students concession charges* Two more officials - traffic inspector and manager - appointed to NMPL* No to scrapping of 45 Starbuses. New engines will be installed to make them roadworthy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14790588", "title": "Ranthambore, Sariska buffer zones notified", "text": "JAIPUR: The forest department has finally notified the buffer zones of Sariska Tiger Reserve and Ranthambhore National Park. The notification of buffer zones would help regulate commercialization of revenue land and create a better habitat for the big cat.As per the notification issued under Wildlife (Protection) Act, a 298 sq km of buffer area has been added to the Ranthambore park which is spread over approximately 400 sq km. Similarly, 392 sq km buffer area has been added to the STR, which is spread over 800 sq km.\"While the critical tiger habitat was notified earlier, the buffer zones had to be identified and notified for Project Tiger. The consent of villagers has been taken before earmarking the buffer zones as some land also happens to be revenue land. With this we would be able to focus on creating a congenial habitat for the tiger by adding the buffer zone, peripheral to the critical tiger habitat,\" said A C Choubey, chief wildlife warden, Rajasthan.The tiger reserves are constituted on a 'core-buffer' strategy. The core area is kept free of biotic disturbances and forestry operations, where collection of minor forest produce, grazing, human disturbances are not allowed. \"However, the buffer zone is managed as a 'multiple use area' with twin objectives of providing habitat supplement to the spillover population of wild animals from the core conservation unit and to provide site specific eco-developmental inputs to surrounding villages for relieving their impact on the core,\" said Choubey. The idea is to create a better tiger habitat with support from the Tiger Conservation Plan, without putting any riders on the villagers, he said.Except for the national parks portion if contained within, normally no relocation of villages is visualised in the buffer area, and forestry operations, non-timber forest products, NTFP collection and other rights and concessions to the local people are permitted in a regulated manner to complement the initiatives in the core unit. Besides, the notification of the buffer zones is very significant as it would also lead to protection of the reserves from intensive projects like mining.According to National Tiger Conservation Authority, \"the buffer zone of a tiger reserve will not have the status of a national park or sanctuary. Buffer areas with forest connectivity are imperative for tiger dynamics, since such areas foster sub adults, young adults, transients and old members of the population. Habitat management and improvement activities will be carried out in the existing habitat of tiger and its prey species through active involvement of local communities.\"The existing silvicultural operations will be accordingly modified to promote conservation of the area and the management will be based on specific forest lands forming part of village-level micro plans. Community will be involved in the overall management of the buffer area, lists NTCA.What's a buffer zone?A buffer is a thin layer of protection on all sides of the reserve. Those living in this zone will be given alternative livelihood options to reduce dependence on core forest produce. These zones will be protected from major changes in land use. Unlike the core area, which is exclusive, the buffer zone will be inclusive but importance will be given to protection of wildlife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14789274", "title": "Noida Extension buyers want banks to waive interest", "text": "NOIDA: With Greater Noida Authority offering builders a 'zero period' for paying instalments, even homebuyers of Noida Extension on Monday demanded from banks that lent them housing loans to make all EMIs paid during the land row interest-free.The relief has been sought by buyers as the Authority is considering giving financial relief to developers. Even though builders have promised not to put an extra burden on existing buyers, banks have so far not been considerate enough to either suspend payment of EMIs or waive interest.\"Some onus for the real estate imbroglio in Noida Extension lies on banks too because they charged processing fees from us before giving loans,\" said Chetan Tyagi, a buyer. \"It seems banks never verified the viability of projects as part of processing the loans. On the other hand, they stopped disbursal of further instalments but continued extracting EMIs with interest from us,\" added Tyagi.A group of around 80 homebuyers have joined hands for putting pressure on banks to waive off interest paid on EMIs during the land row period. Buyers complain that banks have so far got away scot-free despite being parties to all tripartite agreements.Buyers have threatened that they may take the legal route if banks do not share a portion of the financial burden.Banks say they have to explore options before them for deducting interest amounts already paid from future EMIs. \"The legal provisions for such a waiver have to be examined,\" said a senior bank official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14787643", "title": "Leave alliance if you wish: TMC to Cong", "text": "KOLKATA: Relation between Trinamool Congress and Congress, partners in ruling alliance in West Bengal, reached a new low with senior TMC leader Subrata Mukherjee today asking Congress to \"leave the alliance\" if it so wished, hours after two Congress MPs asked AICC to break the ties.\"Let Congress leave the alliance in West Bengal. No matter if anyone stays in the alliance or not. I request Congress to take a decision quickly,\" Mukherjee told reporters here when asked to comment on two Congress MPs asking AICC to break the alliance.Mukherjee's comments came hours after two Congress MPs urged the Congress high command to break the alliance with Mamata Banerjee's party and allow Congress to go it alone in West Bengal.Emerging from a meeting with UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee here during the day, Congress MPs Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury and Deepa Dasmunshi, both known detractors of Mamata, accused TMC of \"spreading canards\" against Sonia Gandhi and Pranab Mukherjee and demanded immediate severance of all ties with the party.\"We have been observing with concern that the day Pranabda's name was announced as a presidential candidate, a systematic campaign was launched to malign Soniaji and Pranabda,\" Deepa Dasmunshi, MP from Raigunj, told reporters.Chowdhury (MP from Berhampore) alleged TMC wanted to \"take Congress for granted\" adding \"Congress is not the flag-bearer of any political party\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14790395", "title": "Great honour to accept Manmohan Chair, says a Cambridge Economist", "text": "A leading Indian-origin Cambridge economist on Monday said he has accepted the 'Dr Manmohan Singh Chair' named after Indian Prime Minister at the Panjab University. Ajit Singh said he has now \"officially accepted\" the position that was offered by the university to him in May.\"I regard it as a great honour not only because of Dr Manmohan Singh's outstanding qualities but also because he was my teacher at Panjab University when I started doing economics,\" he said. Singh, who spent all his academic life teaching and researching at Cambridge since 1964, is an alumnus of the Panjab University.Launched in 2009, the 'Dr Manmohan Singh Chair' is based at the Department of Economics, Panjab University.Prof Singh has published numerous research papers, advised several governments at the highest level (including India) and assisted international organisations focused on development, during his career. After teaching at Cambridge since 1964, Prof Singh retired in 2007, and continues his research as an Emeritus Professor of Economics and a Life Fellow of Queen's College, Cambridge. Singh's current research is concerned with the rise of India and China and their economic interactions with advanced and emerging countries.The research re-examines, among other lines of inquiry, structural questions such as the respected roles of manufacturing and services as engines of long-term economic growth in the two countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14787657", "title": "Widespread support to Dhotre's agitation", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Support continues to pour in for wildlife activist Bandu Dhotre, who has launched indefinite fast to save tigers, near Van Bhavan, Nagpur. Several organizations in Chandrapur have extended their support to Dhotre, while activists of his organization, Eco-Pro, have taken up indefinite hunger strike in his favour.Dhotre launched his strike on July 2 to press his 16 demands that include declaring Chandrapur as tiger district, merger of FDCM areas in Chandrapur into Chandrapur Forest circle, awarding status of wildlife forest circle to Chandrapur, mapping and recognition of tiger corridors, and funding and raising of intelligence network of forest department.His other demands are establishment of wildlife rescue centre in Chandrapur, removal of resorts away from core area of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve, reduction of beat area under forest beat guards, recruitment of Van Patils, and joint efforts by forest department and Zilla Parishad for building parapet walls on the wells in fringe areas.Dhotre's agitation has caught attention of wildlife lovers and forest officers across the state. Eco-Pro activists launched hunger strike in front of the CCF office here in support of Dhotre. One of the supporters, Jitendra Walke, is on indefinite hunger strike from July 5. Other activists, too, are supporting him with chain hunger strike. Waghya, the life size tiger mascot, has also joined the agitation.Organisations like Friends of Tadoba, Janlokpal Bill, Senior Citizen Forum, Sanyukt Samiti, Sarafa Association, Samta Vikas Mandal, Modern Cultural Art Club, Vrukshai and others have extended their support. Dhotre's supporter Nitin Buradkar, Sandeep Ingole, Abdul Javed, Rahul Dalvi, Atul Ingole, Abhay Amrutkar, Akshay Khanke and others have taken part in the chain hunger strike here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14798486", "title": "I like Bipasha\u2019s eyes: Nawazuddin", "text": "Post the success of Kahaani and Gangs of Wasseypur, Nawazuddin Siddiqui is on a high. The actor has been signed on to play the lead in Aatma. Starring opposite him in this Suparn Varma film is none other than Bipasha Basu .Says Nawazuddin, \"I can't talk in details about my role in Aatma. All I can reveal is that the character takes me on an emotional journey which is borderline. Balancing it is going to be one of the biggest challenges that I have faced as an actor. It touches a raw nerve in me. The film has a great script. There is no song and dance. I am playing the main lead.\"And what about Bipasha, his co-star? What is it that he likes about her? \"I like her eyes. I have seen many movies of her... She is a fabulous actor. Bipasha's acting talent has not been exploited correctly in the kind of cinema Bollywood deals with. Given a chance, she can be more than brilliant!\" says Nawaz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14798799", "title": "TCS to spearhead Nasscom\u2019s BPO reboot", "text": "BANGALORE: IT-BPO industry body Nasscom will conduct a comprehensive study to capture perceptions about the BPO business among various stakeholders \u2014academia, students, parents, employees, companies (voice, non-voice, integrated, pure-play and captive) and the general public.The move follows complaints from the BPO industry\u2014which TOI recently reported about\u2014that little has been done to build awareness about the industry and its potential, and the fact that it is no longer the low end call centre business it started out as. Some believe this is the reason why the industry has lost some of its steam and why the Philippines has become such a powerful force in this space.Tata Consultancy Services will do the study with the help of a third party on behalf of Nasscom. The study will focus on identifying key elements that attract people to the industry and those that put them off. It will be the first such industry wide survey, and will help the industry determine the messaging required to change perceptions among stakeholders and around the world.Companies like Genpact, TCS, Wipro , Infosys , Accenture, EXL, WNS, IBM , HGS, Convergys and Quatrro, in association with Nasscom, have already chalked out an outline for the re-branding strategy.K S Viswanathan, vice president for industry initiatives in Nasscom, said a group of industry leaders had unanimously felt the need to address perception challenges \"when the aircraft is still flying and the engines are still on\". He said the group has had several rounds of discussions with Nasscom on the re-branding issue. WNS, he said, would spearhead the branding initiatives. It's aimed at removing myths associated with the BPO industry - such as it being low-end work, involving night duties. The fact is, BPO today involves a lot of high end work in areas like finance, analytics, aviation, legal and healthcare.The Nasscom BPO Forum has identified five thrust areas \u2014 a perception study, talent pool development, branding, travel cost optimization and streamlining of employment processes \u2014 for the industry. Some BPO firms have volunteered to lead each of these thrust areas on behalf of the industry. Also, several senior executives have opted to be part of the task force with the objective of sharing good practices, common methodologies, action plans, directions and implementation support.Viswanathan said perception plays a key role in talent development. Once perceptions change, more people would understand the BPO industry and be able to explore the wide range of career opportunities it offers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14795694", "title": "Wife of the French diplomat claims she has no money to take care of her children", "text": "BANGALORE: Suja Jones Mazurier, wife of French consular official and rape accused Pascal Mazurier, claimed she doesn't have money to take care of her daily expenses and her children's education.She made this claim in an email to the French ambassador in India. \"I have repeatedly told the consul that I needed access to my French and Indian bank accounts. My husband changed the passwords to access the accounts online when he was in the custody of the consulate,\" she wrote.She says she now has only Rs 12,000 in her bank account and her children are not attending school. She said Pascal had transferred most of the money in the accounts to his colleagues. She also accused the consul of not being neutral in the matter.\"I worry a lot but I have to stay calm so as not to disturb the children. I do not understand the reaction of the consul who is aware of it. When I ask the help of French expatriates here to call my bank in France they ask me to wait for DNA results!\" she said.She said most of her expenses including those incurred for her and her children's counselling were on credit. \"It's not easy for a mother to press charges against her husband she loves for such a crime. This is the worst nightmare of living. I did it anyway because I want justice for my daughter. I have to take my children for psychological therapy,\" she wrote.Making it clear that her Indian family could support her and she herself could work to raise funds, she said it was necessary that the French embassy stops claiming it's helping her children who are also French citizens.Suja also hinted that she was being made to pay for having dared to complain against a 'real' Frenchman.Bail Plea Adjourned.The 1st fast track magistrate court on Monday adjourned the hearing on the bail plea of French consulate official Pascal Mazurier, who is accused of raping his daughter, to Wednesday.This followed a request by the public prosecutor for more time to study the DNA test report.Mazurier, deputy head of chancery here, has been in judicial custody since June 19. Defence lawyers sought for bail producing a media report suggesting that DNA tests had come up with ambiguous findings. They also filed an application seeking a copy of the report.Contesting this, public prosecutor C R Raveendran said a media report should not be the ground for granting bail. Senior police officers said the court asked investigating officer D Devaraj to be in court at the next hearing. He is likely to be questioned about the DNA tests.Cops ask explanation on DNA report.Devaraj said a questionnaire has been sent to the DNA labs seeking clarity on ambiguous portions in the report. He added that the labs had to clarify on a lot of issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14791225", "title": "Disabled people stage protest rally", "text": "SURAT: Dozens of disabled people participated in the protest rally organised jointly by the United Disabled People's Forum (UDPF) and independent councillor in Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) Prakash Desai to protest the civic body's inaction in probing the irregularities in the land allotted to the Disable Welfare Trust of India (DWTI) on Monday.Over 150 disabled people in wheelchairs and three-wheelers picketed the SMC headquarters in Mughalsarai demanding a thorough probe against DWTI run by Padma Shri awardee Kanu Tailor for subletting the land worth crores of rupees meant for the welfare, education and medical care of the disabled people, to the Vadodara-based private hospital named Bankers' Heart Institute.The rally culminated at the SMC headquarters where they submitted a memorandum to municipal commissioner MK Das, mayor Rajendra Desai and standing committee chairman Bhimji Patel.The protestors shouted slogans against Kanu Tailor and his DWTI institution alleging that he had amassed cash and property worth crores of rupees in the name of welfare activities for the disabled people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14789351", "title": "Quantum jump in number of girl students at IIM-L", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow (IIM-L) this year has seen a quantum jump in the number number of girls taking admission in its Post Graduate Programme (PGP).Out of 453 students, 167 are females. In a batch of 407 students in PGP, 144 are girls, whereas out of 46 students in PGP ABM, 50% girls.Chairperson, admissions, IIM-L, Prof Arunabha Mukhopadhyay said, \"The key focus this year was to ensure gender diversity without compromising on merit. This batch, we have 144 girls in PGP and 23 in PGP ABM. Last year, we saw around 14% female students, while this year, it is around 37%.\"As per IIM officials, the 2012-14 batch has the largest number of PGP students as well as female students. Majority of students are from engineering background - 79.9% in PGP, and 76% in PGP ABM, officials say that their percentage has come down in comparison to previous years. This year, in PGP, out of 407 students, 325 (79.9%) belong to engineering, 47 (11.5%) are from commerce, three (0.74%) from arts, 11 (2.7%) from science, six (1.47%) from medicine, and 15 (3.6%) from other disciplines.The 2011-13 PGP batch included 353 engineers (82.10%) out of 419 students. Among other disciplines, 36 were from commerce, eight from science, four from architecture, seven from humanities and 11 from medicine. A look at the trend indicates that there is around 2.5% drop in the number of students from engineering background. This was also visible in 2010-11 batch and 2011-12 batch.This year, in the PGP ABM, out of 46 students, 35 (76%) are from engineering, 10 (21.8%) from science and one (2.2%) from other discipline.Experience-wise, in PGP batch this year, 169 (41.5%) students have 0-11 months of work experience, while 136 (33.4%) students have 12-23 months of experience. As many as 102 (25.1%) students have experience of more than two years.IIM officials say that the significant increase in the number of girls this year is because of the 2% weightage given to the girls at the time of admissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14787980", "title": "13-hour Air India crisis ended smoothly for fliers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Muskaan Sharma departed from Toronto at 8.15 am IST on Monday. She was on her way back to Delhi after spending her vacation with her grandfather in Toronto. She changed flights in Abu Dhabi and was looking forward to being back with her mother in the next few hours when, an hour into the flight, the Air India pilot announced that they would have to make an emergency landing due to a hydraulic failure.\"An hour or so after we took off from Abu Dhabi, the pilot said that of the three engines in the aircraft, one had failed and two were heated up. We would have to make an emergency landing in Pakistan or else the flight could even crash,\" said the 14-year-old.Flight AI-940 from Abu Dhabi to Delhi made an emergency landing at Sindh's Nawab Shah Airport at 4.15 IST and remained on ground for almost 12 hours as it waited for a rescue aircraft to arrive from Delhi.U Radhakrishnan, director of the Habitat Film Festival who was returning from Abu Dhabi said: \"The pilot kept us informed all along of what was happening. In fact, as we were preparing to land he also told us that the landing would not be normal and we should be prepared for any eventuality. Some people became really panicky but the landing was fine and none of us were hurt,\" he said.That they were in Pakistan was hardly of any concern to passengers, other than a security cordon surrounding the aircraft once it landed.\"Initially we could look out of the windows but after 30 minutes the pilot asked us to shut our windows as some passengers were filming the scene outside and the Pakistani security guards had objected. The pilot had gone down but in some time even he returned and we sat inside with all doors and windows closed. However, we faced no problem and the crew was absolutely excellent. The pilot kept coming and talking to us and tried to keep us calm,\" said Jayshree Purohit, who was returning home with her son Akshay.Since it was a four-hour flight, once dinner had been served after take-off from Abu Dhabi, there was no food on the flight. The crew served only tea and coffee and about 30 minutes before they finally took off for Delhi, the Pakistani government provided water. \"The rescue aircraft brought water and food for us. In the 12-hours that we waited, some people were getting agitated and had started panicking but we knew that the crew was as helpless,\" said Radhakrishnan.Kakkan, a resident of Calicut said that none of them were getting phone signals and only one passenger's phone was operational. \"He let other passengers use his phone,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14786300", "title": "Economy will revive, says Chidambaram defending PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home minister P Chidambaram on Monday stepped forward to exude confidence that the economy would get out of the current downturn and return to high growth trajectory, underlining his re-emergence as a key player in the economic arena.Responding to Time magazine's description of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh as an \"underachiever\", Chidambaram, twice finance minister, said, \"We are confident that we will get out of the trough, and we will get back to high growth.\"The assertion followed his appointment as the chairman of the empowered group of ministers on spectrum, and amid indications that the PM may prefer a full-time finance minister before the monsoon session starts. Chidambaram has been seen as a frontrunner for Pranab Mukherjee's replacement in the crucial ministry which was often seen as adrift in UPA-2.Chidambaram's bullish take on the prospects of the economy and his riposte to Time magazine's scepticism about an economic recovery during the remainder of Singh's term was part of a broader war of words sparked by the international news magazine's cover story.As the BJP seized upon the unfavourable coverage of the PM in international publications which had not long ago serenaded Singh as the architect of India's success story, Congress hit back by saying that the latest story in Time paled before the scathing critique of Atal Bihari Vajpayee in the same magazine in 2002.JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav had a different take: he said neither BJP nor Congress deserved better as they were always looking for testimonials from publications which were tools of global finance and capital.Reacting to Time magazine's criticism of the PM, BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said, \"\"We would like to make it very clear that Sonia Gandhi cannot escape the blame because she has given the political authority to Manmohan Singh on account of which India has suffered because of mal-governance, corruption and under-development.\"He said the magazine had only stated the \"obvious\". \"This is nothing new. The common man of the country has been speaking this for a long time that he (the PM) has practically no achievement to his credit... The legacy of Manmohan Singh is (making) India suffer and insecure,\" he said.Attacking the BJP for such comments, Chidambaram said, \"I think the most charitable way to describe that comment is extremely distasteful. I wonder what he (BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad) said when he read the article on (former prime minister Atal Bihari) Vajpayeeji in June 2002.\"Referring to a Time magazine write-up in 2002 after the Gujarat riots that was critical of Vajpayee, Chidambaram asked BJP leaders not to make too much of magazine articles. \"The title of that article was 'Asleep At The Wheel' and the last line of that article Prasad should read,\" he said about the piece on Vajpayee.The last paragraph of the 2002 article had referred to Vajpayee as someone who was spending the twilight of his political life where he wanted to be out to lunch. It had said, \"Much of the prime minister's (Vajpayee) energy is now devoted to the business of weight rather than weighty affairs of state.\"Ridiculing BJP for treating Time as their \"latest Bible\", Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari asked whether it also endorsed remarks by the same journal in 2002 that attacked Vajpayee.\"I want to ask the BJP, which has made Time magazine their latest Bible, that do they also endorse the remarks made by the same journal on June 10, 2002 about the then prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee. I found portions of the article too offensive,\" Tewari said in a bid to blunt the opposition attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14787888", "title": "Accused slips away from police custody", "text": "NAGPUR: In a major security lapse on Monday morning, an accused undergoing treatment at Government Medical College and Hospital slipped away from the custody of the jail guard posted at the ward where the culprit had been admitted a day earlier.Vitthal Wagh had been booked for threatening and hurling abuses at Rana Pratap Nagar police station last week. He was sent to magisterial custody after being produced before the court. He came to GMCH for treatment from Nagpur Central Jail.Sources in the police department claimed that Wagh had gone to the bathroom early in the morning. The guard of the central jail, who on vigil beside his bed, fell asleep after Wagh left for the bathroom. The guard could find no trace of Wagh after he woke up. An offence has been registered at Ajni police station against Wagh for fleeing from custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14789235", "title": "'Allow vans to run as school buses'", "text": "NASHIK: There was also a demand from autorickshaw drivers for permission to convert vans into school buses. However, RTO officials said that as per the motor vehicle Act, there were specific requirements for vehicles to be called and used as school buses and the current light motor vans in the markets did not fit the bill.Deputy regional transport officer c however, asked the auto drivers to present a memorandum about their demand so that it can be forwarded to higher authorities for their thoughts on the same. This is because if vans are given permits to function as buses, this would not only solve the problem of dangerous transportation of school students, but also add to the revenue of the RTO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14791478", "title": "Spice up your food: Red chillies help shed kilos", "text": "LONDON: Adding spice to your food can be a new way to get rid of that beer belly for a new study says that red chillies battle the bulge in a three-fold-way. According to the tests conducted by food scientist Stephen Whiting, red chillies burn fat, suppress hunger pangs and boost overall calorie-burning rates due to the presence of a key chemical component - capsaicin.Capsaicin provides red chillies the required heat to trigger an adrenalin rush which in turn orders the brain specifically to burn fat cells \u2014 and tests found fat around the belly was burned most rapidly, said Whiting who is based in the Manchester Metropolitan University. Midriff fat is the most dangerous, as it increases the risk of heart disease.Whiting found chillies also helped to suppress appetite \u2014 plus they speed up the body's overall metabolism, the rate at which a person burns off calories, the Daily Mail reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14792079", "title": "Plan your income tax return now to avoid year-end rush", "text": "Every year, the last date for filing income tax (I-T ) returns is July 31. That is, four months into the new financial year. Usually, the last two weeks witness increased activity among taxpayers to meet the deadline to file returns.Interestingly, the heightened activity during these weeks is not much different from what most salaried people do during the last three months of the financial year \u2014 January, February and March, what is referred to as the JFM months in market parlance. They rush to save some taxes by investing in investment products that qualify as tax savings options under the I-T act. And this rush act often leads to mistakes that are carried with them for years. In addition, such investments also fail to optimise returns for the investors. Thus, one rush job can not only make it expensive for you as an investor, but it can also fail to give you returns, which otherwise you would have got if you had planned a bit early in the year.In the current financial year, you still have nearly nine months left to plan for your tax savings, and with time on your side, do some research that can give you better returns in the long haul. Also, your plan to save taxes over the months till March can turn out to be less of a stress on your finances compared to when you bunch it up during the JFM months.\"At the basic level, an investor should have equity, insurance and PPF (public provident fund) in his/her portfolio for a balanced investment plan that also allows tax savings,\" says Raghvendra Nath, Ladderup Wealth Advisors.A SIP of stocksIf you are one of those investors who has the ability to take some risks and invest in equity schemes of mutual funds that also allow you to save taxes, like the equity linked savings schemes (ELSS) and pension plans (only two of the latter variety are available in the market), you can go for monthly systematic investment plans (SIPs). As you invest small sums through the months, you will have at the end of the year some large sum invested in instruments that qualify for yearly tax savings.In addition to the less-burdensome process of investing only small sums, SIPs also come with several other advantages (see our last two weekly editions of Swatantra). For beginners, SIPs inculcate investment discipline, are less of a headache , a low-cost option to you as an investor, and give the advantage of rupee-cost averaging \u2014 that is, buying in all types of market conditions whether it is a rising, sliding or a flat market. Compared to that, suppose you rush during the JFM period, chances are you may end up with an investment that may not even be suitable to your risk profile and also your long-term investment goals.Be sure to insureThere are enough examples of an investor being sold an insurance product that, while helping the investor save tax for the year, in the long haul it turns out to be a mistake and a costly one at that. In the process, the insurance advisor or the agent makes some good money from the fat commission he/she gets.As an investor, you should be careful not to fall into such a trap. So, if you are buying an insurance, do proper due diligence before you buy that. Now even if you have bought one and then found out that the policy is not the best one for you, you can enjoy the 15-day free-look period from the day of buying the policy and cancel it. Irda, the insurance regulator, allows every policy holder this 15-day period to go through the terms and conditions of the policy, understand their implications and then reverse their decision to buy the policy if it is found to be unsuitable. During this free-look period, as a policy holder you can also switch to another policy or alter some of the features in the policy that are changeable.As an investor, however, make no mistake that most of you would need insurance, but make sure to buy the best suitable policy or policies according to your requirement. And if you have more than one policy , spread out the premiums over the year rather than bunching it up in a short span of time.Plan long-term for PPFAnother popular long-term tax planning investment product is the public provident fund, popularly known as PPF. The 15-year scheme, which is also extendable by blocks of five years, gives a post-tax annual return of 8-9 % and excellent long-term returns. The scheme is also guaranteed by the government.The PPF scheme also allows you to spread out your investments through the year. You can deposit up to Rs 1 lakh per annum in your PPF account. You can make the deposit in lumpsum, or in convenient monthly instalments. However, you cannot make more than 12 instalments in a year, or two instalments in a month, subject to the overall cap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14788776", "title": "Global pharma giants eye Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Leading global pharma companies are eyeing the state for greenfield projects.Israeli pharma giant Teva Pharmaceutical Industries plans to enter India by setting up a greenfield project in Gujarat.The company, which has manufacturing plants in the US and Europe, is likely to sign an agreement with the state government during Vibrant Gujarat investors' summit.Officials from the company are in talks with the Gujarat Food and Drugs Control Authority (FDCA). \"A delegation from Israel is expected to visit this month to understand the procedure of setting up a facility in the state,\" HG Koshia, commissioner, FDCA, said.US- based generic pharma manufacturer Amneal Pharmaceuticals has set up a formulations unit and research and development centre near Changodar and plans to start operations out of its facility.New Jersey based Apicore LLC, manufacturer of specialty Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs) have also expressed their plans to set up base in the state.Singapore-headquartered Biosensors International, too, plans to start manufacturing from Gujarat. The medical device company specializes in developing, manufacturing and licensing technologies for cardiology procedures.A delegation comprising Gujarat government officials and industry representatives to Europe saw leading German companies express interest in setting up greenfield projects in Gujarat.\"Pharma companies from developed countries are keen on setting up facilities in Gujarat. Our office has been getting several proposals from leading global companies in the pharma sector,\" Koshia added.Gujarat-based pharma companies contribute 40% share to India's total pharma production. Till date, 112 memorandum of understanding (MoUs) worth Rs 12,751 crore have been signed since the first Vibrant Gujarat summit in 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14787433", "title": "A lesson for PM: Sharad Yadav", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP on Monday said PM Manmohan Singh's \"underachiever'' tag in Time magazine had made a dent in India's image and its ally JD(U) called upon Singh to stop pandering to free market economy altogether, saying European and American companies wanted to repeat the success of East India Company in the country. Rubbishing the report, JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav also described the news magazine as a patron of capitalism.\"The Indian government is following US and European economy model. Prime minister and his ministers including P Chidambaram and also Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia are working round the clock for the open market system,\" Yadav said.\"Despite their efforts, the western power is not happy because they want more. The ruling party is the big patron of the open market system. It is a lesson for Singh and his team that they do not want to spare you despite your effort to open up the market,'' he added, asking the ruling coalition to introspect and have more self respect.\"Time (magazine) is the patron of capitalism. They want FDI. It is unfortunate that we are giving so much importance to Time magazine's view. It is a pressure tactic. Their opinion has no meaning here as it is not going to benefit the poor here.\"Yadav also rubbished the report of Standard and Poor's downgrading India's ratings.Criticising the US and Europe for pushing the \"system of loot\", he asserted that the prime minister also favoured open market. \"He had even deserted the Left for signing the nuclear deal with US. One should understand they will be satisfied only when the loot system will be fully introduced here,\" Yadav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi/islamabad", "code": "14785706", "title": "False alarm: AI plane makes emergency landing in Pakistan", "text": "NEW DELHI/ISLAMABAD: A four-hour Air India flight from Abu Dhabi to New Delhi turned into a 13-hour ordeal for the 128 people on board when a 'false warning' about a rarest-of-the-rare aircraft malfunction led to the Airbus A-319 making an emergency landing in Nawabshah city of Pakistan on Monday.The 122 passengers and six crew later reached New Delhi in the evening on a relief aircraft sent by AI. Engineers on the relief aircraft found the A-319 fit for being flown to Delhi and it landed here about half-an-hour after the relief plane.It is not clear whether the warning resulted from human error or a software snag. AI chairman Rohit Nandan has ordered a comprehensive inquiry into the episode.\"The warning was for an extremely rare malfunction - that of all the three hydraulic systems of the aircraft developing a snag simultaneously. We will probe how this warning came about, whether human or mechanical factors led to it,\" Nandan said.\"The pilot took a wise decision to land immediately. The warning disappeared the moment the plane landed in Nawabshah. We will also ask Airbus to check the problem,\" he added.The drama unfolded about an hour after taking from UAE when the plane was flying over Pakistan. The engine control and monitoring system of the A-319's dark cockpit suddenly flashed warning lights indicating overheating of all hydraulic systems on the aircraft, a precursor to their failure. Hydraulic failures have been a regular feature in the older generation of Airbus A-320s (which erstwhile Indian Airlines had) but the European major claims this issue has been resolved in its new aircraft.An Airbus A-320 family aircraft (that includes A-319) has three hydraulic systems. All three systems failing in one go - which would make the craft simply fall from the sky - is theoretically possible but is hardly ever known to happen. On getting such a warning, Captain S K Vashishtha decided to land the aircraft (VT-SCG) at the nearest airfield, which happened to be Nawabshah. The city's airport was used by Pakistan Air Force as a base in both the 1965 and 1971 wars.\"The captain of the aircraft contacted Pakistani authorities early Monday morning and sought permission for an emergency landing after detecting the problem with the hydraulics system,\" Pakistan's civil aviation authority spokesman Pervez George said.Pakistan provided assistance to passengers and crew of the AI plane. Nawabshah officials offered lounge facilities to the stranded passengers but the captain decided against de-boarding them, apparently over security concerns. Reports said the passengers and crew members did not accept food offered by airport.\"We had offered full cooperation to them but the captain did not allow the passengers to disembark and requested just for drinking water,\" said Sultan Hasan, an official of Pakistan International Airlines.The 122 passengers and eight crew members remained inside the aircraft for almost 11 hours. Their ordeal ended when AI sent a relief aircraft from Delhi and they flew out of Nawabshah at 3.25pm, reaching Delhi at 5 pm on Monday. The team of engineers that flew on AI's relief plane checked the A-319 and found it fit to take off for Delhi, where it will be subjected to intensive inspections.(With inputs from Omer Farooq Khan in Islamabad )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "sbs nagar", "code": "14791472", "title": "From garbage dump to lush sight", "text": "SBS NAGAR: Wondering what to do with the garbage dump near your home? Follow the lead of those staying in Housefed Complex in E-Block, who have transformed a 200-metre stretch, once used as garbage dump, into a green belt. Residents have cleaned the area, planted various trees and also taken up the responsibility of maintaining the area.Sandeep Dahiya, president of Housefed Resident's Society, said, \"Two years ago, this stretch used to be full of garbage and filth a?? and one could even spot pigs here. However, two years ago residents sought the help of forest department, who provided us with saplings to plant here.\" He added that the local MLA at the time had pitched in help. \"We also collected money from residents for maintenance and have hired two gardeners.\" There are 182 flats in Housefed Colony, of which about 150 are occupied.Sanjeev Puri, a resident and member of Landmark Expression and Leadership programme which conceptualized the project, said, \"As a part of the programme we work in communities and help in plantation drives, child education and other such social works. I initiated this programme along with president of the society and other residents. We planted around 140 trees including that of amaltas, Ashoka, neem, gulmohar, bougainville, and bottle brush among others along the outer boundary of our colony.\"Puri added that all the plants survived since they took special care. The area has been fenced and residents maintain a constant vigil so that no one throws garbage here.Another resident, Ravi Sharda, a businessman, said, \"Not only have we been able to check careless disposal of garbage here, we are happy that we have contributed to increase the green cover of our city. Our children too have played a big role in the success of this plantation drive as they too patrol the area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14787528", "title": "No emergency medicines for a week from tomorrow", "text": "MUMBAI: You may have difficulty finding medicines in case of an emergency this week, as chemists will shut shop in the evenings to oppose the crackdown on shops which do not employ full-time pharmacists. The Maharashtra state chemists and druggists association (MSCDA) has decided that for a week from July 11, close to 50,000 chemist shops in the state will remain open only between 10am to 6pm.According to the drugs and comestics Act, 1940, a pharmacist has to be present while medicine is being dispensed. However, chemists say they can't retain a pharmacist on duty beyond eight hours a day. \"Pharmacists charge Rs 10,000 a month. About 80% shops are small ones and can't retain two pharmacists on round-the-clock duty,\" said Vinay Shroff, state secretary, MSCDA.FDA commissioner Mahesh Zhagade said that often pharmacists are not present when medicines are sold. \"The law requires a pharmacist to be present. We cannot play with people's lives. The pharmacist has to verify that the prescription is met out by a qualified doctor and maintain records of medicines dispensed and doctor - patient details,\" he said, adding that if chemists are not found employing pharmacists they will be issued notices. \"If they don't adhere to the act then licenses will be canceled,\" he said.The MSCDA has assured that some shops will be open for medical emergencies like cardiac arrests, accidents, poisoning and burns cases in which case the patients relatives can approach those shops for medicines. \"However the chemists will not dole out medicines for regular patients to register protest,\" said Anil Nawankar, MSCDA President. They have threatened a bandh from July 18-20 if the state does not intervene in the matter. tnnassociation has also threatened a total bandh from July 18 to July 20 if state government does not intervene to resolve issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14791596", "title": "Met predicts good rains for next two days", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite occasional heavy showers throughout last week, the city is more than 300 mm short of meeting the rain deficit. The meteorological department says the deficit will not be covered even if Mumbai receives heavy showers for the next two days.As of July 8, the deficit was 41.92%. The Met department said that the deficit since the monsoon's June 1 onset had gone up to 436mm in south Mumbai. In the suburbs, the shortfall was comparatively less at 213mm.Last year, till July 8, Colaba had received 732mm of rainfall and Santa Cruz 988 mm. But this year, these two observation stations have received 366mm and 579mm, respectively , in the same period. So far, the city has received an average rainfall of 449.95mm against the normal 774.8mm.According to the Met dept, the city is likely to get a few good spells of rain. \"An offshore trough from Gujarat to Kerala is strengthening ,\" said N Y Apte, deputy director general, Regional Meteorological Centre. \"For the next 48 hours, good rain can be expected in the Konkan area, while the rest of the state will receive light showers.\"On Monday, Colaba received 32.4mm of rainfall, while Santa Cruz recorded 13.4mm. While the maximum temperature in Colaba rose to 31.4 degrees Celsius, it was 28.8 degrees Celsius in Santa Cruz. Relative humidity in the evening was 92% and 95% in Colaba and Santa Cruz, respectively.Though there are expectations of good rainfall in the next two days, \"the rain deficit is too high to be covered in this period\" , Apte said. \"If at all Mumbai receives the sort of rain that would be enough to meet the deficit, there will be a flood like the 26/7 deluge, which should not happen. Let us hope that the deficit will gradually be covered if good spells of rain continue to hit the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14787377", "title": "Midday meal to be packaged", "text": "CHENNAI: Mid-day meals for school children may come in hygienic, sealed packages in future. The Mumbai-based Indian Institute of Packaging (IIP) with the help of IIT-Bombay is currently developing a package design appropriate for distributing mid-day meals. Once the technology is fine-tuned, the institute will hold talks with various states for introducing packaged midday meals.IIP director N C Saha said, \"Research is on currently for packaging mid-day meals distributed to school children by central and state governments across the country. Since the food is made at one place and distributed to places nearby, we thought of coming up with an effective packaging so that the food remains hygienic and warm when it reaches the child.\"The packaging institute said the research is in the final stage and the hot meal packets for children can be introduced by 2013. \"The boxes will have a food-grade coating to preserve food in a hygienic form. The food will also remain warm up to a certain time,\" Saha told TOI. Any type of food, including rice, chapati, dal and sambar, can be packed in corrugated boxes and transported to mid-day meal centres, Saha said.At present, around 11 crore children in 12 lakh schools across the country benefit from the mid-day meal programme of the Union human resource ministry. Some states like Tamil Nadu and Gujarat have implemented locally-designed noon-meal schemes. \"Even states like Tamil Nadu supply mid-day meals to various centres from a nearest point in some places. We will try to convince these states to send the food in better packages,\" Saha said.Asked if the Centre or any state government had requested the research, Saha said: \"No one has approached us yet. Since the mid-day meal scheme is part of the Prime Minister's 20-point programme, we are doing the research in collaboration with IIT in Mumbai.\"There are 52,000 anganwadi centres in Tamil Nadu, with each centre feeding around 25 children. The children are given vegetables and nutritious multi-grain flour every day. Currently the flour alone comes in packets, said an anganwadi staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14797928", "title": "A fashionable birthday", "text": "Lavanya celebrated her birthday with friends at a bash that saw lots of chatter and fun. The birthday girl, dressed in a Sabyasachi sari received compliments galore.The birthday cake was ordered especially keeping in mind Lavanya's fashion fetishes \u2014 the fondant-lined cake was topped with miniature edible LV bags and the likes. Post popping the bubbly, guests were spotted relishing the Italian spread while letting their hair down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14789766", "title": "Teen jumps to death from Howrah bridge", "text": "KOLKATA: A failed love affair led a 17-year-old school dropout to jump to death from the Howrah Bridge ( Rabindra Setu) on Monday. A 17-year-old boy, a school dropout, jumped into the river Hooghly from Howrah Bridge (Rabindra Setu) early on Monday.The boy,identified as Koushik Roy, along with his friends, was walking down to his Bhawanipore home after they missed the last train they were supposed to board for a planned visit to a place. According to his friends, Koushik suddenly started running towards the railing of the bridge and before anyone could understand what he was up to, he jumped into the river.His friends then alerted police. At around 4.30 am, the river traffic police launched a search operation but his body could not be traced till reports last came in. Deputy Commissioner (port) M Rehman said, \"We came to know that they all offered puja at Nimatala Ghat temple and then went to Howrah station to catch the train. We are probing the matter. \" The police came to know that he was very upset after his affair with a girl did not work out.\"As of now, we are still inquiring into the incident. The body is still missing. We'll be interrogating everyone including his friends, family members and people close to him,\" added Rehman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14797802", "title": "Chunkey Pandey to host comedy show?", "text": "Actor Chunky Pandey is one of the names being considered to judge the fifth season of The Great Indian Laughter Challenge on Life OK.Sources inform that prominent names from the television and film industry have been approached to judge the successful stand-up comedy shows on Indian television. These include actors Boman Irani, Ritesh Deshmukh and host Shekhar Suman .And where comedy is concerned, how can cricketer Navjot Sidhu Singh be left far behind. It is reported that the cricketer who has served as a judge before on the show, has been approached once again.Speculations are rife as to who will host and judge the show. The wait will last a little longer until the surprise is revealed on 15 th July (2012).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14790885", "title": "100% plastic ban not feasible: Pune Municipal Corporation", "text": "PUNE: A total ban on plastic was not feasible in the city, said Suresh Jagtap, head of the PMC's solid waste management department. Plastic was still being found in eco-sensitive zones like Mahabaleshwar and Matheran where its use has been banned, he added.Speaking at a discussion on the ban on plastic, organised by the Lions Club of Pune and Prabodhan Madhyam here on Monday, Jagtap said that out of the 1,400 tonne garbage generated in the city everyday, around 15% was plastic waste.The discussion was organised in the backdrop of the PMC general body's recent directive to the administration to strictly implement the ban on plastic carry bags imposed in 2010. The general body has kept in abeyance the administration's proposal to charge a fixed rate from the people for plastic carry bags with thickness above 50 micron.Jagtap said that heavy charges should be levied on people who seek plastic carry bags with more than 50 microns thickness. It will discourage people from using them, he added.Jagtap also said that a private company was making fuel out of plastic waste.Vivek Velankar, founder of Sajag Nagrik Manch, suggested that the fuel generated from plastic waste should be used in PMPML buses. \"In Bangalore city, waste plastic was used for surfacing of roads, which made them more durable and reduced the chances of potholes developing during rains. The company concerned had approached the PMC with the same proposal for Pune. I also had written several letters to the civic body, requesting it to consider the proposal but it was of no use,'' he said.J K Sharaf of the polymer and plastic rubber committee, Mahratta Chamber of Commerce, Industries and Agriculture, said that plastic carry bag was everybody's need and banning it was not a solution. \"There should be strict action against use of plastic bags having thickness of less than 50 micron. Thickness regulation is acceptable but not a complete ban,'' he said.Pramod Shah, representative of the Plastic Manufacturers Association, Pune, said that plastic was now an integral part of our life. \"Early morning you get up and use toothbrush, which is made of plastic, the milk is delivered in plastic pouch. It is not just plastic carry bags; plastic packaging is used in almost all sectors - from healthcare to food packaging,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14787893", "title": "CCTV helps nab maid who stole Rs 5 lakh gold", "text": "MUMBAI: The Navghar police on Sunday arrested a 45-year-old housemaid for stealing gold ornaments worth over Rs 5 lakh from the her employer's house at Sahani Colony in Mulund (E). Thane resident Manda Deshmukh committed the offence over two years when her employer, businessman Robin Chanchlani (35), and his family use to go on tours and used to hand over the flat's keys to the maid to keep the flat clean in their absence.However, Chanchlani got suspicious when they realized that some gold ornaments-that were kept in a locker in the bedroom cupboard-were missing. In the complaint, Chanchlani said, \"We asked Deshmukh if she had seen the valuables. But she denied it.\"Chanchlani installed CCTV cameras in the bedroom and dining hall. On July 5, Chanchlani's family left for Shirdi. \"On Sunday, after returning, Chanchlani went through the CCTV footage and found Deshmukh opening the cupboard and checking for valuables,\" said ACP (Mulund division) Mahadev Gundewari.Confronted with the footage, Deshmukh confessed to the theft. \"Valuables of Rs 2 lakh has been found in her house,\" said inspector AS Sawant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14792770", "title": "Who said Mahantesh had an affair, HC quizzes cops", "text": "BANGALORE: A high court division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen had some sharp questions for police officials in the case of SP Mahantesh, deputy director of cooperative audit, who was allegedly murdered by a gang.\"Who gave an interview in the Mahantesh case? The person (police) went to the extent of saying that the man (Mahantesh) was having an affair. What action have you taken?\" the bench asked the government advocate. He informed the court that police or the state public prosecutor (SPP) have not been giving interviews ever since a circular was issued in 2004, and only an officer of the rank of SP and above is permitted to give information.The court asked the home secretary, DG&IG; and SPP to file statements clarifying who gave the interview to the media, saying that Mahantesh was having an affair. \"So far, police and SPP giving interviews to the press has been stopped... But, recent events concerning the death of Mahantesh prima facie indicate that this statement is not correct. An affidavit may be filed by the respondents in one week,\" the bench added.HC ASKS FOR STATUS OF LAYOUTSThe high court on Monday directed the BDA commissioner to file an affidavit by Friday with regard to the status of various layouts formed by the authority after 1995, and also the action plan on providing basic amenities in these layouts.\"The schemes finalized after 1995, details of layouts developed after 1995, dates of issuance of preliminary notification and final notification, lands dropped from acquisition after preliminary notification and final notification, lands deleted from acquisition under section 48(1) of the Land Acquisition Act, status of amenities provided and action plan for providing amenities for these layouts. The BDA commissioner should file an affidavit before Friday, indicating all these facts,\" Justice S Abdul Nazir observed, before adjourning the hearing on a batch of petitions filed by land owners, challenging the acquisition of land for Nadaprabhu Kempe Gowda Layout.NITYA PLEA DISPOSED OFJustice Ajit J Gunjal on Monday disposed of a petition filed by Swami Nityananda, challenging the alleged seizure of his ashram after the government informed the court that all the locks were removed even before filing of the petition, and as such, nothing survives for consideration.Regarding Nityananda's prayer seeking Rs 10 crore in damages, the government took the stand that this cannot be urged in a writ petition and the remedy is before a civil court.NOTICE TO LOKAYUKTA POLICEJustice Subhash B Adi has ordered notice to Lokayukta police with regard to the bail petition filed by N Lakshman Rao Peshwe, managing director, Karnataka Neeravari Nigam Limited. Peshwe, whose residence was raided by Lokayukta officials about a fortnight ago, was booked in a disproportionate assets case. He is presently under judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14788447", "title": "Disturbing questions Metro must answer", "text": "It's a blow to Delhi's pride that has put a question mark on the 'global city' tag that the government has been flaunting. The showpiece Airport Express Line has been shut down within months of being opened. Not for any operational reasons but because its civil structures have to be repaired and declared safe. So, no speeding for now at up to 120 km per hour between the spanking new Delhi airport and the renovated New Delhi railway station. It was embarrassing to watch senior civil servants being put on the mat for this unprecedented closure.We can only take heart from the fact that the central government has, finally, decided to intervene in order to find out what has gone wrong, and hopefully, to undo the damage with technical expertise from professionals outside the Metro system. The technical investigation into what has gone wrong in both design and execution of the civil structures of Delhi Metro needs to be looked into by eminent domain experts from IITs and elsewhere. Obviously, DMRC can't be part of both the problem and the solution.If the credibility of the Metro system has to be protected (this is important since nearly a dozen other cities are replicating it), citizens need answers - Why are trains slowing down on other lines? Why concrete structures built to last for many years need to be repaired so soon? Why have the engineers who have been chargesheeted in the Zamrudpur collapse not faced any action? Can't a country with more than a billion people design safe and sturdy concrete structures?There are some more fundamental questions that need to be answered. Firstly, is the 'Design and Build' model (in which the contractor does both jobs - designs and constructs) a sensible one when we are not being able to fix responsibility for ensuring safety? This model is a recent phenomenon and allows for very little accountability to be fixed.Secondly - and this is an old demand - when will the central government present a professional structural engineer's bill in Parliament? At present, in the absence of any such legislation, there is no way that the design engineer can be held professionally responsible. This is unlike the situation with architects, advocates, doctors, CAs , company secretaries etc who are all regulated by professional acts in the country.There are examples within the country that can be emulated. After the Bhuj earthquake, government of Gujarat notified the Gujarat Professional Structural Engineers Act, 2006, and put in place a system by which they could be held responsible for their work and conduct.Such legislations have been enacted in neighbouring countries as long back as 1976 but drafts have been gathering dust in Delhi for about 20 years.(Sudhir Vohra is an architect and urban planner)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14786907", "title": "Bishop Cotton leads the way; opens doors for RTE admissions", "text": "NAGPUR: When local education office in city asked schools to reopen admissions for the 25 per cent free quota as mandated under the Right To Education (RTE) Act, not many were willing. While the private unaided schools were literally arm twisted by officials to do so, partially-funded minority schools pleaded exemption claiming the RTE did not apply to them. However, the 150-year-old Bishop Cotton School (BCS) is leading the way by opening its doors for RTE admissions, even though it is exempt from doing so.BCS is a private minority institute which does not receive any sort of financial aid from the government and as per law it does not come under the ambit of RTE. Lillian Makasare, principal of BCS primary school, said, \"So what if we are exempt from giving admissions under the 25 per cent quota, I believe it is a social service which every school should perform. Even though we are unaided, our fee is extremely low at Rs4,000 - 5,000 annually. Even when kids move on the middle and high school section, the fees remain at that level only.\"BCS' action deserves mention as many other schools in Nagpur have been defiant in opening up their doors to students even though they are technically bound to do so. Many minority schools in the city receive grants from Std V onwards, but RTE admissions are done only at the entry level (Std I for almost all schools) and hence they have refused admissions under 25 per cent quota saying they 'are unaided at their entry level'.However, the state school education secretary, JS Saharia, told TOI during a visit to the city last week that the schools' stand was incorrect. An annoyed Saharia said, \"The problem is that majority of the schools have not read the RTE Act. It clearly mentions that 'schools receiving aid or grants to meet whole or part of its expenses from the appropriate government or local authority' shall come under the ambit of RTE. Since we are funding their expenses in part, these schools just cannot claim exemption.\"On the response to BCS' move, Makasare said, \"So far, we have received 15 applications only. Probably, it is because everyone believes we won't be opening up the admissions. We can take an intake of almost 40 students in the 25 per cent quota so I hope more kids from the underprivileged section can join us.\"Schools in the state have been asked to keep their admissions open till all the seats under the 25 per cent quota are filled. In Nagpur, education officials have asked all schools to keep the admissions open till September 30 after which a further call in that issue will be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14789580", "title": "Couple paid with life for grandson's retaliation", "text": "PATNA: With the arrest of two criminals, the Patna Police on Monday claimed to have solved the case of cold-blooded murder of an elderly couple, Ashok Kumar Malviya (65) and his wife Savitri Devi (60), at village Mubarakpur under Sahpur police station in Patna district on June 23.The couple was found murdered in the guest room of their three-storied house on June 24 morning. Their throats were slit with a sharp edged weapon.Patna Senior SP (SSP) Amrit Raj on Monday said that after the incident, a special police team was constituted under the leadership of Danapur SDPO, Sushant Kumar Saroj. During probe, the special team on Sunday night arrested one Jitan Sharma, a native of Mubarakpur, and interrogated him.Jitan spilt the beans and admitted that he, along with his three associates, had murdered the elderly couple. Following his revelations, the special police team arrested his associate Shashikant Kumar alias Tamatar. Police also recovered the couple's cell phone from Jitan's house.Speaking about the reason behind the killing, the SSP said a local muscleman, Ricky, had assaulted Malviya's grandson, Manish, and demanded money from him. Irked over it, Manish, along with Jitan, Shashikant and his brother Srikant, reached Ricky's house and opened fire in which one Bhola sustained injury. Following the incident, the police arrested Jitan and Srikant and both remained behind bars for 6 months and 13 months, respectively.The SSP said that Malviya managed to procure bail for his grandson. The lawyers of Jitan and Srikant told them that they would be convicted and it would be better for them to compromise with Ricky. The duo reached Malviya's house and sought money for court expenses. But Malviya refused to obliged them.Raj said agitated over the fact that they would be convicted for the crime which Malviya's grandson had committed, the two reached Malviya's house on June 23 night. They had tea with the elderly couple, during which they repeated their demand, but Malviya refused to oblige them again.The SSP said Jitan and his associate strangulated the couple making them unconscious. They, then, slit their throats with a khukhri and escaped.Police have recovered the khukhri and Malviya's cell phone. The khukhri would be sent to Forensic Science Laboratory for test. Raids are on to arrest the other accused, who is absconding, the SSP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14790032", "title": "Skin infections mar monsoon cheer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: At the first sign of cool monsoon air, most kids venture out to play in the rain. While summer can certainly be harsh on the skin and the hair, monsoon brings its own share of skin problems with fungal infections being the most common, among children and adults alike. City hospitals are reporting increasing number of cases of allergies and fungal infections among children between the age-group of 4-10.As many as 12 cases at various hospitals in Panchkula have reported kids coming in with complaints of allergies. While it would be unfair to confine kids indoors in the pleasant weather, doctors however stress on the need to change wet clothes for children right after playing in rain to prevent these infections.Dr Vikas Sharma, chief consultant dermatologist at National Skin Hospital in Mansa Devi Complex, said, \"Since it rained heavily last week, we got a number of cases where kids between the age group of 4-10 complained of allergies. Tiny-often microscopic organisms called fungi also thrive in humid conditions - And wet shoes and clothes are breeding grounds for these microbes.\" He added, \"Children in this age group don't have much immunity and are most vulnerable to the skin infections and allergies.\"Allergies like Non-bullous and Bullous Impetigo, Herpes infections, fungal infections, recurrent attacks of Follicultis, Tinea Capitis (fungal infection of hair) are most commonly detected in kids during monsoon. Doctors suggest an immediate bath after playing in the rain and usage of an anti-bacterial soap. Further, one should rink boiled water to keep well-hydrated. \"Rain water is not harmful but when kids play and splash in the muddy water, they end up getting acne and small boils on the exposed areas,\" said Dr Rajeev Kaura, dermatologist at General Hospital in Sector 6, Panchkula.\"Last week we received as many as seven cases of allergies in kids a?? and some of them even had small boils on their back and feet. It's very necessary for kids to take immediate bath after playing in rain water,\" suggested dermatologist Dr Nipun Kaushal.\"The rain which comes after long wait is acid rain and it consists of a number of pollutants, resulting in allergies and skin problems. We too have received many such cases,\" said Dr G P Dhami, HOD, dermatology, GMCH-32.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14797742", "title": "Dissidence by Gowda camp delays election of Jagadish Shettar", "text": "BANGALORE: Dissidence by the supporters of outgoing chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda has delayed the BJP legislature party meeting to elect Jagadish Shettar as its new leader. The meeting was scheduled to start at 10.30am in a starred hotel close to Vidhana Soudha and Raj Bhavan.The Gowda camp, comprising around 55-MLAs, has threatened the BJP high command that legislators and MPs belonging to their group would boycott the legislature party meeting if observers Arun Jaitley and Rajnath Singh fail to assure that Gowda would be accommodated as party president of the state unit and incumbent KS Eshwarappa as deputy chief minister. They have also demanded that the group gets plum portfolios in the new government.Gowda, a Vokkaliga,was asked to pave way for Lingayat strongman Shettar after ten ministers loyal to former CM B S Yeddyurappa resigned demanding change in leadership. While making changes, BJP president Nitin Gadkari said it was done keeping 2013 assembly elections in mind.Shettar will be third chief minister in the last four years. Yeddyurappa, who became chief minister in May 2008- first ever BJP government in south. He was forced to resign after he was indicted by the state Lokayukta in connection with illegal mining. Gowda became chief minister with support of Yeddyurappa, defeating party candidate Shettar in a poll held to choose new legislature party leader in August 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14787878", "title": "Doctor couple, son killed in US; daughter fights for life", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Rohini doctor and two of his family members were killed in a car crash in the US on Saturday. Dr S P Dembla, a surgeon with the Fortis group of hospitals, went on a vacation with his wife \u2014 a dental surgeon, daughter and son at Pigeon Forge, a mountain resort city in Tennessee, southeast US.According to reports, the family was travelling in a car near Knoxville when a truck speeding on the wrong side hit their vehicle from the front. \"Dembla (57) and his wife Anjali Dembla (51) were in the back seat while their son Ashish (24) was driving the car and younger daughter Kanika Dembla (20) was riding in the passenger's seat. Only Kanika survived the accident,\" a local newspaper reported. She, however, \"has suffered major head trauma and is in critical condition\".Ashish, who passed out from IIT Kanpur in 2009, was studying electrical and computer engineering at Georgia Tech University in Atlanta.Dr D K Baluja, a close friend of Dembla, said the family lived in Rohini. \"There is no one at home. We have informed their relatives who live in Sonepat and they are going to the US to help the daughter. Her condition is critical,\" said Baluja.He added that Dembla was one of the finest robotic surgeons. \"The news is shocking. I knew Dembla for several years. Now, our only hope and pray is that their daughter survives,\" said Dr M C Misra, chief of the AIIMS trauma centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14789370", "title": "Congress hits out at cops, says CM saffronizing police department", "text": "PANAJI: Congress Party on Monday came in support of chief secretary Sanjay Srivastava and Rahul Barua, secretary general, South Asia Foundation and senior media personnel from Varanasi, and demanded termination of services of the suspended constable of Indian Reserve battalion (IRB), Yogesh Goral, in the alleged humiliation and harassment case.The police had conducted an inquiry following a complaint filed by Barua that he and his female companion was accosted by a police personnel who introduced himself as Pravin Desai late evening on July 3 late, while he was returning to his hotel room near the Campal parade ground.Speaking to mediapersons, Congress spokesperson Jitendra Deshprabhu said that the streets of Panaji are unsafe not because of criminals, but because of those who are wear the police uniform and are become more powerful than the state's citizens.He said that IRB constable who was in civil dress humiliated Barua when he was returning back to hotel from Miramar. \"That constable should be terminated,\" said Deshprabhu.He also said that inorder to saffronize the police department, systematic attempt has been made to target the chief secretary of the state.Deshprabhu also accused chief minister Manohar Parrikar for saffronizing the government departments after BJP came to power. \"In the power department, he has cancelled 1,500 posts, while he (Parrikar) is saffronizing the police force by recruiting around 1,500 people,\" he said.He also said that Congress sees this government as a 'government of Parrikar, by Parrikar and only for Parrikar'. In this government, the power will never be decentralized. \"This (Parrikar) single person is using a government platform to further his interest, rather than that of the public,\" said Deshprabhu. While pointing out that Parrikar had criticized the Congress government for implementing high security registration plates (HSRP) in the state, he said, \"It is unfortunate that after he (Parrikar) has come to power, the first thing he has taken up is to attempt to introduce HSRP.\"Deshprabhu said that the Parrikar-led government \"had promised in 2002 to start a polytechnic course in civil aviation so that when the Mopa airport is ready Goans are employed, but nothing has happened\". \"Mopa airport will bring an influx of 7,000 to 8,000 people to Goa. I want the minorities to take note of this, for if this influx comes to Goa then their numbers will further shrink\", said Deshprabhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14788539", "title": "Crunch sends ex-sex workers back to work", "text": "MUMBAI: A severe fund crisis has forced most NGOs and CBOs (community-based organizations) working in the HIV/AIDS sector in the city to downsize their workforce; a few have even completely stalled their work. Funds allocated to each project vary from Rs 9 lakh to 20 lakh, depending on its reach. Without the money, most organizations have been unable to pay their staffers, and have defaulted on the rents and electricity bills. The worst hit are some former sex workers-turned-outreach workers and -peer educators, who have had to go back to their old ways to support their families.TOI came across one such outreach worker from Malwani who said she waited for two months for her salary of Rs 7,000 to arrive. \"On the third month, I had no choice but to do the only work I knew,\" said the worker, who is associated with a CBO that caters to the transgender population. As an outreach worker, her job is to visit brothels to distribute condoms and inform new entrants about prevention.A Ghatkopar-based NGO told TOI that they were struggling to even purchase stationery for daily use while a south Mumbai CBO that works with MSM said they had to take huge loans to meet ends. Eldred Tellis, director of Sankalp Rehabilitation Trust, said he had to borrow approximately Rs 7.5 lakh from his trust's buffer to sustain three IDU projects. \"Though bigger NGOs can sustain for a while, smaller organizations are finding it extremely difficult to cope,\" he said.Ashok Row Kavi, founder-chairperson of Humsafar Trust, also said three of his MSM projects were badly hit. \"Without paying salaries, how can I expect my volunteers to be present at the site and distribute condoms everyday? This (fund crunch) has created a dent in the measures taken so far and an increase in HIV prevalence is likely,\" he said.Dr Balkrishna Adsul, additional project director of Mumbai District Aids Control Society (MDACS), said, \"The delay was from NACO's end. But funds have arrived now and we have started disbursing them already.\" He also said the crunch at the Centre could be caused by the drying up of money from global agencies. Geneva-based Global Fund (GF) had announced stoppage of funds till 2014 for diseases, including HIV, in India.Dr Neeraj Dhingra, deputy director general, NACO, said he would check how and why the crunch happened. \"There is sufficient money to fund projects as long as NGOs are clear with their records,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14798224", "title": "Gunjan Pant turns TV Reporter", "text": "Actress Gunjan Pant is now playing TV reporter for Bhojpuri Film 'Kotha' . Kotha is women oriented film base on women exploitation. She said,\" Kotha has many shades and my role was challenge for me but i am not nervous at all because i already have all the preparation like bike ride and action training.\"The film is directed by Manoj Shreepati Jha. Shooting of this film is in progress at Surve farm house in Panvel.Other cast of 'Kotha' are Rinku Ghosh, Monika Batra, Anand Mohan, Jai Singh, Neelima Singh and Sanjay Pandey with debutant Pawan Kumar Jha. Gunjan just finished the shooting of 'Laxman Rekha' with Vinay Anand at Banaras. Manoj Giri was the director of this film. Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14787697", "title": "Flow meters to help civic body reduce water loss", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has launched a project to ascertain the water requirement of every locality in the city.The civic body has installed \"flow meters\" at nine locations in the suburbs and identified as many spots in the island city to implement the project.The BMC will divide 112 water supply zones into 35 district metering zones (DMZs). Civic officials said the DMZ project will help ensure equitable and judicious distribution of water across Mumbai.The areas selected in the suburbs for the project include Santa Cruz, Versova, Jogeshwari, Madh, Asalpha, Vikhroli, Bhandup, Nahur and Pantnagar in Ghatkopar (E). In the island city, the locations identified include Malabar Hill, Siri Road, Ridge Road, Walkeshwar, Bhulabhai Desai Road, Girgaum, Naigaon, near Mahim Church and Annie Besant Road in Worli. The BMC plans to instal flow meters in all 35 DMZs. The quantity of water supplied will be measured through the flow meters.Explaining the rationale behind the move, a civic official said: \"Water is directly supplied from a reservoir to a ward. We do not have any data on how much water is actually consumed in a particular ward; the DMZ project will help us ascertain this. Besides, it will also help us find out the water pressure levels and address complaints of unequal distribution of water. The quantum of water supplied to every zone will be measured with the help of the flow meters and we will also know how much is billed. The difference between what is supplied and what is billed will allow us to gauge the loss.\"Currently, if one stays near a BMC reservoir, chances are that his/her area gets more water than required.The DMZ method will enable the BMC to identify areas where the quantum of water loss is the highest. This, in turn, will help formulate a plan to reduce the loss and prioritize the supply process. A water audit, which will take three years to complete, is under way.The 35 DMZs are sub-divided into smaller areas, each of them having 4,000-5,000 connections. Every connection is given a meter, which records the quantity of water each household consumes. After the final figures are in, the corporation will conduct leak detection checks.At present, of the 3,400 MLD of water supplied, nearly 900 MLD are lost due to leakages. Armed with figures provided by the meters, the BMC will carry out leak detection checks. \"If we learn that supply is more in a particular zone, water will be diverted to places where it is comparatively less. There will be more water available after the losses are cut,\" said the civic official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14797860", "title": "Jatt and Juliet is a blockbuster", "text": "Film critics were proved right when 'Jatt and Juliet' had a bumper opening. Not only in Punjab but at almost all the multiplexes in Delhi and Mumbai the movie tickets were sold out completely.'Mirza- The untold story' was considered the biggest blockbuster of the year but 'Jatt and Juliet' has broken all records. It has left behind Mirza with a humongous profit.The shows are still going housefull in Punjab and is likely to remain so for the next few weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14786415", "title": "Competition Commission of India starts fresh probe against Google", "text": "NEW DELHI: CUTS International, a consumer policy research and advocacy group, on Monday said that following its complaint the Competition Commission of India (CCI) has launched probe into Google's alleged anti-competitive practices.CUTS had filed the complaint on June 8. It alleged that Google abused its dominant position in the Indian market by indulging in anti-competitive practices. The organization said that Google pushed customers to its services by offering biased search results and denied a level-playing field to smaller companies by manipulating its search algorithms.Google said that so far it had not received any communication from CCI on the complaint filed by CUTS and it was not aware of the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14788358", "title": "Kin of farmer who ended life over debt get Rs 1L payout", "text": "THANE: The state government has paid compensation of Rs 1 lakh to the family of farmer Haribhau Tanpude, who was under debt and committed suicide last week after his crops were ruined due to the delay in monsoon.The local tehsildar, Sunil Shinde, who visited the Tanpude's residence at Bhedegaon in Bhiwandi taluka, handed him cash of Rs 30,000 to repay the bank loan the family had taken. The balance Rs 70,000 has been kept in fixed deposit in the name of the deceased's wife, Harsha.Tanpude has two daughters and two sons. He owed Rs 27,000 to the Sahkari bank. His troubles started last year, when all his crops were damaged due to heavy rain. This year, Tanpude had bought seeds worth Rs 4,000. But due to the delay in rainfall, all the crops got damaged. Tanpude then committed suicide.In 2007, Tanpude's cousin Sanjay had also committed suicide due to huge debt. Tanpude's son Kalpesh has demanded that the government appoint a team to identify farmers facing losses and compensate them before they could take extreme steps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14788793", "title": "Accident victim gets Rs 19L relief", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Motor Accident Claim Tribunal (MACT) has awarded a compensation of nearly Rs 19 lakh to a private coaching centre tutor, who lost one of his legs after being run over by a recklessly driven tempo. The court ordered Reliance General Insurance Company Ltd, with which the offending vehicle was insured, to pay Rs 18,75,195 to 40-year-old Nandan Mukherjee, a resident of Paharganj, after noting that the disability caused by the accident would affect his capacity to work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14790852", "title": "It's Chavan vs Chavan in Congress", "text": "MUMBAI: The Congress in the state plunged into a fresh crisis over the Adarsh controversy at the start of the monsoon session of the assembly on Monday, with supporters of former chief minister Ashok Chavan upping the ante against CM Prithviraj Chavan and party's state leadership.At the Congress legislators meet, MLAs owing allegiance to Ashok Chavan openly expressed their displeasure with the chief minister and the state leadership for \"not shielding\" him and \"making him a scapegoat\" in the Adarsh case. Among the supporters, former ministers Abdul Sattar and Sunil Kedar staged a walkout. Even as state party president Manikrao Thakre and the CM assured them that the party \"stood firmly behind Ashok Chavan\", the ex-CM's camp said they plan to \"approach the high command with their complaints\". Ashok Chavan was not present at the meeting.Kedar said handling of the entire episode had dented the party's image and questioned the chief minister's sincerity in \"protecting\" Ashok Chavan, while Sattar accused the party of not \"standing behind the leader\". He cited instances of NCP backing water resources minister Sunil Tatkare, who is facing allegations of corruption.Sattar also wanted to know why only Ashok Chavan's name featured in the chargesheet when two former chief ministers (Vilasrao Deshmukh and Sushilkumar Shinde) and some other ministers had handled the case.When MLA Nilesh Parvekar interrupted his speech, Sattar walked out in a huff. Kedar complained against lack of cooperation from the CM and Harshavardhan Patil.Thakre said the party stood firmly behind Ashok Chavan, Deshmukh and Shinde. \"If the need arises, we will even approach the party's central leadership,\" Thakre said. The CM said the case happened before he took over the state. Refuting allegations of \"political conspiracy\", Prithviraj Chavan said that having worked in the PMO, he had first-hand knowledge of the \"independent functioning of the CBI\". He also said the CBI's initial brief was only to investigate the missing papers scam and the agency had gone well beyond its brief.Congress MLAs also said the departments under the NCP were not cooperating with them and Thakre said a minister will be appointed to coordinate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14798684", "title": "Allu Arjun\u2019s new movie is Iddaru Ammayilu?", "text": "It is already known that stylish star Allu Arjun's next movie would be under the direction of Puri Jagannath. And the fresh buzz to hit the tinsel town is that the makers are considering the title \" Iddaru Ammayilu\" for the film.Apparently, Puri is planning to rope in two heroines opposite Allu Arjun for his new movie and as such, the makers are planning to finalize a heroine-centric title. Also, this would be the first time Allu Arjun romancing with two heroines since all his earlier films have only one female lead. Film nagar sources say that Shruti Hassan is likely to play one of the female leads, although not confirmed.Producer Bandla Ganesh Babu is making grounds to launch the film in the last week of September or early October and release the film for 2013 Sankranthi. Allu Arjun and Puri Jagannath's earlier super hit film \"Desamuduru\" have hit the screens for 2007 Sankranthi, and the duo are looking to recreate the same magic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14791294", "title": "Activists demand probe into functioning of citizen facilitation centre kiosks", "text": "PUNE: Civic activists on Monday demanded an inquiry into the functioning of the PMC's citizen facilitation centre (CFC) kiosks and closure of the ones which were not working properly.\"There are systemic problems in the functioning of these kiosks. Despite repeated requests for improvement in services and functioning, nothing has happened. We think that even the civic body's contracts with those who run these centres are not foolproof,\" said Maj. Gen. SCN Jatar (retd.), founder of Nagarik Chetna Manch, at a news conference.Vivek Velankar, founder of Sajag Nagrik Manch, said: \"Most of the services that these centres are supposed to provide are not available at the kiosks. At some places the kiosks are defunct. If the centres are not working, then they should be closed. If these kiosks continue to work in a haphazard manner, it will lead to wasting of public money.\"The activists said that the PMC had signed a 10-year contract with a private firm in 2006 to set up 150 citizen facilitation centres. Currently, 75 centres are in place. The PMC pays Rs 14,799 each to the private firm for running these centres.Meanwhile, PMC deputy commissioner Sudhakar Deshmukh said that the administration was working to solve the issue. \"Necessary action will be taken soon so that the CFC kiosks will become more useful to the public,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14790590", "title": "Chennai steps up plans to save heritage", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai's architectural marvels that date back to the colonial era may still be redeemed. Government agencies have stepped up efforts to compile a comprehensive list of structures with cultural and heritage value and accord them legal protection.Shortly, the first list of 70 such buildings will be ready along with supporting documentation by the planning agency known as Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA). The list has been put together with help from students of architecture and history, who have surveyed numerous heritage buildings and precincts in the city.Protection for these centuries-old structures will come under a law enacted in May 2012 to set up a 16-member Heritage Commission. As per the Commission's mandate, listed heritage buildings will get incentives such as exemption from payment of taxes and offenders who deface or destroy them will face penal action. The Commission will also advice on involving the public in preserving or maintaining heritage, so as to foster the creation of a popular mandate for heritage preservation.CMDA began the present assessment of heritage buildings in 2010. \"The exercise was based on the Justice Padmanabhan committee report submitted two years ago which identified nearly 467 heritage buildings in the Chennai Metropolitan Area (CMA) in need of protection,\" said a top official. However, in the next two years since the panel's report, no government action has been taken to create a legal framework that would safeguard Chennai's magnificent Indo-Saracenic and Art Deco treasures from developers. Sadly, at least four of the buildings surveyed by the Padmabhan committee have already been demolished by their owners, including Roxy Theatre on Purasawalkam High Road, a blend of European and vernacular styles dating back to 1918. Incidentally, Roxy is best remembered by old-timers for screening western classics.Had the Heritage Commission been in place years ago, the demolition of Club House in Express Estates, CB-CID headquarters at Omandurar Estate, Cooum House, Gandhi Illam (Governor's old guest house) and Kalaivanar Arangam too wouldn't have taken place, say activists.Other structures such as Bharath Insurance building on Anna Salai and Gokhale Hall in George Town were on the verge of demolition before the courts intervened to save them. Their owners, Life Insurance Corporation and Young Men's India Association respectively, have now moved Supreme Court against the lower court's order stopping demolition.Tens of students from various colleges, including school of planning and architecture of Anna University and University of Madras fanned out across the city in the latest exercise to identify and assess condition of our old and decaying landmarks. The students were also given the task of preparing building plans for those for which there are no plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14790839", "title": "Medicine to cure diabetes in cold storage over lack of funds", "text": "JAIPUR: With several hundred people being diagnosed with diabetes everyday and recent reports stating the rise of such patients has been at an alarming pace in India, the invention of a medicine to cure it could be nothing less than a boon.Jaipur-based scientist Suresh Sharma's invention of a medicine to treat diabetes patients has been lying unutilized since his death in 2009.Sharma had started the pre-clinical trials but the work suffered a major setback due to lack of finances after his death. These trials are necessary before a medicine hit the market for public consumption.His son Alekh Sharma is now running from pillar to post to see his father's dream of the medicine reaching to the public turn into a reality.Alekh had sought help from the state government and even written to the President to provide funding to complete the pre-clinical trials for the medicine.Addressing the media on Monday, Alekh said, \"The response so far has not been enthusiastic. We wish that either Central or the state government should take up this ambitious project as would benefit the mankind. Organisations who are concerned about the health conditions of the country can also come forward and join us in our effort to cure diabetes.\"His father had prepared the medicine from the extracts of the commonly found kadamb tree leaves.After 15 years of hard work, he had received the patent on September 1, 2006 with the patent number 197279 and International Classification No. : A61K35/78 from World Trade Organization , Geneva. In 2006, the patent office, Government of India, granted Sharma a patent certificate for the medicine he prepared from the Kadamb tree leaves. \"The name of the invention was \"process for preparation of medicinal composition for cure of diabetes,\" Alekh said.\"The leaves of kadamb (Anthocephalous Chinese) contain alkaloids namely cadambine and dihydrocinchonine. The alkaloids remove the insensitivity from insulin receptors and regulate the production of insulin. Therefore, it plays a vital role in curing diabetes,\" he claimed.The medicine has no side effects and completely cures diabetes in a period of 4-10 months, Alekh claimed.\"It took over 20 years for my father to prepare the medicine, which was tried on over 1000 type 2 diabetics. The composition contains two types of alkaloids found in the tree, cadambine and dihydroconchonine. After my father's death, the project has lost pace,\" he rued.\"The alkaloids discovered by Sharma have the potential to cure diabetes. Hence if it is available to the common man in the form of drug, it can go a long way in eradicating diabetes in India which is fast becoming a hub of this dreaded diseases,\" Alekh said.Fight against diabetesIndia has 61.3 million diabetic patientsThis puts India second only to China among developing economiesMedicine can cure diabetes in 4-10 months(2011 figures by International Diabetes Federation)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14790755", "title": "Academia, government representatives face off over new VC", "text": "CHENNAI: Who should select vice-chancellors of universities, politicians or academicians? This contentious question could trigger fireworks at University of Madras special syndicate meeting on July 20 to select a representative for the governor's three-member panel to select a new vice-chancellor for the varsity.Current vice-chancellor G Thiruvasagam's tenure ends in the first week of October.The governor of the state, who is also the chancellor of the university, appoints the vice-chancellor based on the recommendations of the panel, which consists of one member of the varsity's syndicate, one from the senate and a direct nominee by the governor.University sources said the syndicate meeting, which is likely to be crucial in the selection of a vice-chancellor to replace Thiruvasagam, may witness a tussle between two power centres \u2014 with the academicians pushing for a VC from their fold and the government representatives looking to instal a politically amenable candidate. The 27-member syndicate has 10 representatives of the government including the state higher education minister, higher education director and the state health secretary.\"If the meeting has a majority of academicians, the representative for the governor's search panel is likely to be an academician,\" sources said. \"But if the government ensures that all its representatives are present at the meeting, a nominee could be selected to ensure that a VC favourable to the government is appointed,\" said a senior university official. The university senate will meet on July 21 to select the second member for the search panel.\"We strongly oppose any political involvement in the appointment of the new VC,\" said a syndicate member. \"The politicizing of the selection process in universities has led to some people paying huge sums of money to be appointed VCs of prestigious institutions. \"As per the UGC norms, the VC selection panel should give proper weightage to academic excellence, exposure to higher education and experience in academic governance,\" said a senior professor at the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "14789276", "title": "Cops baffled by seizure of 17 tonnes of explosive material", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The seizure of 17 tonnes of ammonium nitrate, a compound used to make explosives and bombs, from a truck (KA 5AB 6258) at Vazhikadavu town on Sunday night has baffled the district police here.They have already started investigation to find out the destination of the consignment, which was being transported from Hyderabad.Documents seized from the truck show that the substance came from Jaiveer Enterprises Pvt Ltd of Vananthalipuram in Hyderabad.The consignment was addressed to Alungal Chemicals, 57D, Vazhayoor East, near Ramanattukara. Detailed probe on Monday has found the 'to address' to be fake. Police have also found that seven similar loads (49 tonnes) of ammonium nitrate have already been delivered to this fake address.The driver and cleaner of the truck, both from Tamil Nadu, have told the cops that they were not aware of the substance in the truck.A team from Vazhayoor had told them to wait at the Manjeri town, from where they will be escorted to Ramanattukara. Meanwhile, the cops, including the special branch, have started investigation into the role of an eminent businessman from Vazhayoor who was arrested three years ago for keeping unlicenced explosives.They are also looking into complicity of officials at Anamari commercial check-post in Vazhikadavu, who allowed the truck to enter the state without checking the consignment.They are also surprised by the fact that the truck managed to bypass the inspections at check-posts in Hyderabad, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu.DySp A S Raju who visited the Vazhikadavu said that the consignment will be unloaded on Tuesday for detailed probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14786468", "title": "Resentment over work culture", "text": "NAGPUR: Interns at the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) feel that their work environment is very uninspiring. According to them, the duties mostly include errands usually handled by the Class IV workers and personal work of their seniors, instead of the clinical responsibilities. To top it all, the stipend amount is cut to half, they complain.Most of the interns, who are also preparing for various competitive examinations for post graduate (PG) courses, said the extended duty hours leave them with no time to study. On the contrary, other interns and externs are given 'choice duties', providing them enough time to study.\"To get our own stipend, we have been told to submit affidavits to the college pledging that we would be completing all our duties. These duties are not even defined and sometimes stretch to a straight 48-hour shift,\" said one of the interns. During this time, the interns are allotted work like carrying patients to different departments, filling in their forms or just holding a torch, he said. \"The worst part is that one has to do some personal work of the seniors too,\" he added.The Medical Council of India (MCI) guidelines for training interns are given in the log book of all the interns, which expect them to get a hang of few skills during the internship period. \"However, clinical skills are never taught to us. In fact, an intern cannot perform simplest of procedures. This means that even after completing MBBS, we cannot really save a life,\" remarked another intern.After the completion of their OPD duties, these interns are made to do paper work of the department concerned, which takes another couple of hours, they say.Commenting on the stipend cut, Dr Sonali Patil, intern in charge for the current batch, said, \"The GR notifying increase in the stipend has not reached yet. As soon as we get it, the revised stipend will be paid with arrears.\" She said interns are entrusted with tasks like filling up forms in order to make them learn things that they would be doing all their lives.On issue of inequitable duties, Patil said assigning duties to interns was the prerogative of the head of the department. \"It also depends on an individual's capacity. As far as the Preventive and Social Medicine Department, for which I work, is concerned, we allocate duties to interns only during OPDs and they are free afterwards,\" she said.According to a senior resident doctor, most of the time it is the interns who are not willing to work hard. \"We all have been through the same grind. Instead of complaining, they should make the most of this period,\" he said.Box:Some remedies* Define nature of work for interns as per MCI guidelines to develop minimum-level skills during internship* Prepare and follow a timetable to prevent practice of repeat postings by the interns* Departments concerned should prepare attendance registers for interns as well as externs. It should be strictly maintained and cross-checked with the house officers* There should be equitable distribution of work among interns as well as externs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ongole", "code": "14792412", "title": "Eloped couple end lives", "text": "ONGOLE: An eloped couple committed suicide by jumping in front of a running goods train here on Monday. The couple ran across a speeding goods train ignoring the pleas of bystanders.Police identified the victims as Imam Yasin Khan, 22, and Nagalakshmi, 30, of Prathipadu village of Guntur district. While Nagalakshmi was married, Yasin fell in love with her and they had decided to elope and get married. They fled the village on a motorbike on Sunday night and reached Ongole to get married.However, when they developed cold feet after they came to know that their family members were searching for them, they decided to end their lives.They reportedly consumed pesticide before taking the extreme step. They left the motorcycle near the south cabin of the railway station.Their bodies were crushed under the wheels of the train.Sources said Yasin, a cycle mechanic, developed an extramarital relation with Nagalakshmi, wife of a local merchant, some time ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14788017", "title": "Persons on top posts unfit for job, says former VC", "text": "NAGPUR: Academic circles in the city are abuzz with the news of yet another scam in Nagpur University (NU). The re-totalling and revaluation racket that came to light just a couple of days ago has led to academicians lamenting NU administration's failure to maintain a fraud-free system in spite of repeated scams, which should have served as wake-up calls.Academicians are criticizing the lax attitude of senior NU officials in monitoring the exam system. Former vice chancellor Haribhau Kedar said such incidents take place because persons occupying important administrative posts are unfit for the job, which demands moral and ethical uprightness. \"I would term such incidents as character crises, because at every stage the system depends on the character of the persons handling it. It is the duty of the teachers and officials to act impartially and professionally,'' he said.Assistant registrar Sandhya-Chunodkar-Handa who is accused of being at the heart of the scam has been transferred to university tribunal. However, many said this was insufficient punishment.\"A senior official has misused her position to serve her personal interests. This is clearly a criminal case. Why has an FIR not been registered with police?\" asked senior academician Dr Ved Prakash Mishra. \"Transfer is not an adequate penalty. Those found guilty must be dismissed,\" added Dr Mishra.Senior Senate member Anil Dhage added that a proper judicial investigation should be carried out. LAD vice principal Harsha Jharia echoed the sentiment, adding that not taking strict action in such cases is an injustice to students who have earned their marks with honest effort.Severe penalty will ensure such incidents do not happen again, said Kedar. \"These scams keep recurring as the administration is reluctant to take action,\" he said.The government's tendency of allowing new colleges in remote areas without considering problems in managing them was also cited as a reason for the many scams. \"The colleges are increasing every year, but resources and manpower to manage them are limited. Hence, it becomes difficult for the university to keep tabs on such scams,\" said senior academician Eknath Kathale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14791055", "title": "Konkani script issue gets murkier", "text": "MANGALORE: The Jagotik Konkani Songhotton (Global Konkani Organization) has taken umbrage to a move by the Karnataka State Konkani Linguistic Minorities Institutions to implead them in a writ petition before Karnataka high court on the Konkani script issue.The institutions have pleaded in the court that only Devanagari script should be considered for recognitions, which is against the relief sought in the writ petition by the Konkani organization. The Songhotton had sought recognition for all scripts.Eric Ozario, the general secretary of the Songhotton, who along with Vally Vagga, Mysore and Marcel D'Souza, Mangalore filed the writ petition before the high court [WP 35120/2011 (GM-PIL)] on September 8, 2011, said that the organization wanted the court to issue a direction to the Kendra Sahitya Academi to recognize all five scripts of Konkani - Kannada, Roman, Devanagari, Arabic and Malayalam- eligible for grants of awards, research funding and other such recognition.The Academi from the beginning has been giving away awards, assignments and projects only to literature in Devanagari scripts.\"Despite Devanagari being the third most prolific Konkani script after Kannada and Roman, the Akademi has been squarely ignoring and neglecting Konkani literature in other scripts. This was the main reason for writers to approach the court seeking relief,\" Eric said.The institutions in their statement have claimed that Devanagari is the official script of Konkani and the Constitution has given prominence to Devanagari script. Konkanis' use only Devanagari script and not Kannada or Malayalam, and if any script other than Devanagari is recognised, it will be detrimental to Konkani.Refuting these claims, Eric said that the Songhotton's fight was not against Devanagari, but against the discrimination. \"Our demand is that the other four scripts also be considered along with Devanagari. The institutions are seeking to destroy all script varieties of Konkani and impose their variety on everyone. This is detrimental to the development of Konkani,\" he said and added that the Songhotton would seek legal remedies.As per a study conducted in 2011, 87.3% of Konkani literature is in scripts other than Devanagari. \"Variety in Konkani is not in the script alone. There are plenty of differences in dialect, religion, caste, tradition, custom, practices, folk arts, cuisine, costumes, festivals and rituals. Destroying all these varieties or imposing one's variety on others to bring in unity is utter folly,\" he said.\"Unity in diversity is the mantra of the nation's unity and this is also the formula for Konkani unity,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14790416", "title": "80-year-old, kids escape after share auto falls into ditch", "text": "CHENNAI: Nine children, aged between five and nine, and an 80-year-old woman, Sakuntala, escaped unhurt after the share auto in which they were travelling fell into a ditch full of sewage in Neelankarai on Monday morning. The incident happened on MGR Salai, just off the East Coast Road, around 8.15am.\"The auto driver saw another vehicle coming in the opposite direction and turned left. Though he was travelling slowly, the road was narrow and the vehicle fell in,\" said M Karnan, a vegetable vendor. The auto had crashed right in front of his shop.Soon, at least 15 people gathered and many jumped in to pull the victims out. \"Everyone was covered with muck from head to toe. An old woman was stuck underneath and was gasping for breath. Thank god we managed to pull her out in time,\" said Edwin Joseph, a local air-conditioner mechanic. \"Another kid was holding on to his tiffin box even as I pulled him out,\" he said.Sakuntala was rushed to a nearby private hospital. \"I can still smell the sewage on my hands. I would have gulped down at least two mouthfuls,\" she said.C Munnusamy, the area councillor, reached the spot soon. \"The road was laid in the previous term. We have sent a proposal to cover this ditch as well as another one nearby,\" he said.No case was registered. Officials from the Neelankarai police station and the traffic investigation wing of the Adyar police said they were unaware of the accident. \"They wouldn't have registered a case as no one complained,\" said Munnusamy.Local residents said such accidents were waiting to happen since the roads were narrow and vehicles overloaded. This particular stretch did not have culverts and the sewage canal had been open for long, they said. \"A cement road was laid two years ago but the sewage canal was not closed,\" said Karnan.Frequent road users said they had witnessed several smaller accidents. \"Almost everyday, a car or a two-wheeler gets stuck,\" said Suresh, whose daughter studies in a school on the same road.During the last monsoon, a 25-year-old teacher died after falling into an incomplete storm water drain on North Usman Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "14788481", "title": "RMP doctor arrested for conducting sex determination test", "text": "AMBALA: Police on Monday arrested a registered medical practitioner for conducting sex determination test at his house in Saounda village of Ambala district. Accused Pankaj Kumar, who has a clinical lab in Ambala Cantt, was booked under PNDT Act last year and was out on bail.Senior medical officer B B Lala, who lead a team of health department along with cops, had been tipped off about the malpractice by two volunteers of Mahila Sakshar Samuh. \"Posing as customers, Rajni and Pooja reached the ultrasound centre and the doctor was ready to conduct the sex determination test after charging Rs 7,000 from them. When we raided his house, he was conducting the test of two women from Banur (in Patiala district of Punjab),\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14790865", "title": "Colonies of civic workers cry for basic amenities", "text": "HUBLI: Pourakarmikas ( civic workers) toil day and night to keep the city clean. Ironically, the colonies where they live, lack basic needs like toilets and sanitation.The plight of residents in Krushi Karmikara Nagar and Karki Basaveshwar Nagar is a testimony to the fact that all is not well with a city that is growing leaps and bounds. Mainly pourakarmilkas (civic workers) stay in these two areas. There are about 250 families staying here. Around 60 per cent of houses here do not have toilets.So, the residents, including women and children have no option but to go out to the open fields to attend nature's call. Residents said they are using the open land reserved by the corporation for Bidnal graveyard .Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation special officer S H Naregal told TOI that Krushi Karmikara Nagar and Karki Basaveshwar Nagar do not have underground drainage line. \"We have taken up UGD work and it will take about one year to complete. After that we will provide toilet facilities,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14789344", "title": "Flat prices remain steady despite decline in demand", "text": "KOCHI: Even as many of the newly constructed apartments in the city remain unoccupied with promoters failing to attract buyers, builders are refusing to bring down prices in the hope that city's real estate sector will soon witness a revival.Majority of the apartment projects in the city were planned following the announcement of projects including Smart City and others, according to the players in the city's real estate sector. Their target group was those who were expected migrate to the city with the materialization of these high profile projects. But delay in the execution of those projects affected these expectations, said industry insiders.\"It is true that when such mega projects failed to take off on time, it took a beating on the real estate sector in the city,\" said Confederation of Real Estate Developers Associations of India ( CREDAI) Kochi chapter president M V Antony.Despite decline in demand, price of the flats in the city remain steady for more than a year. The average price of double bedroom flats varies from Rs 35 lakh to Rs 45 lakh. Antony said that it was not viable for the firms to sell apartments at lower price as it would become a financial burden for many of them. \"Present rate is an attractive one and it is not possible for firms to sell apartments at lower prices due to high land price and sky rocketing of the input cost.\"The industry was hoping that there would be a revival in demand with the decline in the value of rupee, but high interest rate kept non-resident Indians (NRIs) away from investing in the realty sector, and thereby dashing the hopes of the sector.The sale is low in the recent months compared to the same period in the previous years. It has also resulted in the delay of the completion of several projects. Players in the real estate sector said that the delay was a result of the buyers not making payments on time.They also cited shortage of labourers as the reason for delay in projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "parawada", "code": "14792285", "title": "Villagers on warpath against Pharma City", "text": "PARAWADA: Villagers affected by the effluents from Ramky Pharma City launched a huge agitation here on Monday with the former TDP minister Bandaru Satyanarayana Murthy sitting on an indefinite hunger strike on behalf of the villagers of Tadi, the most-affected, close to the Pharma City. Villages of Tadi, Tanam and Parawada have been protesting against the rising poisonous emissions of the Pharma City.Tadi villagers complained that they have been suffering from various diseases as the ground water is completely polluted. About 1500 families have been affected by this huge pharma project. \"The authorities had promised the villagers of relocating them to a safer place and launch the landfill works for treating the effluents. The revenue authorities had identified 118 acres of land at Peda Mushidiwada for rehabilitation but till now nothing has been done,\" Murthy alleged.The villagers have been agitating for their genuinedemand since four years. The district administration had also held many meetings with the villagers. However, APIIC and Ramky Pharma authorities are not taking responsibility of shifting the village, a fisherman, V Polayya said. Fishes were dying and a cow died recently after consuming the waste material from Pharma City, he added.A Tadi villager, Nalla Mutyalu alleged that the fishermen have lost their livelihood due to high pollution caused by the Pharma City. The fisherfolk of Mutyalammapalem warned the authorities that they would stall the operations of the pharma companies if Ramky management does not provide employment to the fishermen.Ramky Pharma City was established in 2005 in a 2400-acre land acquired from Lemarthi, Kottapalem, Ponnuru, Agraharam, E Bonangi, Panakalayyapeta, Tadi, Edurivanipalem, Tanam and Parawada villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14787977", "title": "Armed robbers attack collection agents; decamp with Rs 3.90 lakh cash", "text": "NAGPUR: Armed robberies on city roads continued as two collection agent were assaulted in the narrow lane between the Empress City mall and Gandhisagar on Monday afternoon by three robbers, who also decamped with Rs3.90 lakh cash. Last week, two employees of a cooperative housing society were looted in broad day light on Dev Nagar road. One of them was also stabbed in the incident.In the latest incident, the robbers had covered their faces, fired two rounds from country-made pistol and also stabbed the agents before fleeing with their cash. Two robbers had come on a bike while the third one followed them on another two-wheeler. While the pillion rider on the first bike shot at the agents, the one who joined the duo from behind stabbed the victims.Collection agent Yogesh Chadhokar had a narrow escape when a bullet brushed past his helmet. Police have recovered a live round and another empty case from the spot. But Chadhokar received splinter injury on his back when one of the robbers tried to stab him when he tried to resist. Chadhokar grabbed the knife pointed towards his stomach with both hands.While Chadhokar fought with the robbers, he urged pillion Anmol Meshram to run away with the bag containing cash which had fallen on the ground during the scuffle. But the robbers stabbed Meshram on his skull the moment he bent down to pick up the bag. Meshram somehow managed to hold on to Rs53,000 cash that fell out of the bag. The robbers, however, sped away with the rest of the money.It is not clear as to where the bike-borne police commandos of Ganeshpeth police station, who are supposed to patrol the robbery-prone spot, were present when the incident took place in broad day light. Commissioner of police, Ankush Dhanvijay, who later visited the spot, gave directives to intensify patrolling in the area.Chadhokar and Meshram told cops that they had first collected cash for their company's client from New Subhedar layout and Chhapru Nagar. After collecting cash from a kerosene dealer at Ganeshpeth, they headed towards Empress City Mall. They were supposed to deposit the cash at a bank in Civil Lines. \"We slowed down after hearing a loud noise. There was an autorickshaw close to our bike. Out of nowhere, two robbers suddenly halted on a bike in front of us causing us to fall down in an attempt to avoid collision,\" said an injured Chadhokar. \"The robbers wanted to snatch the cash bag. I told Meshram to run with it when the robbers started stabbing us,\" he said.The injured duo was taken to Ganeshpeth police station in a bleeding condition and later rushed to the Government Medical College and Hospital. Ganeshpeth Police have registered an offence against the unidentified robbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14786918", "title": "Paes-Vesnina fail to cross the final mixed hurdle", "text": "LONDON: The Indo-Russian pairing of - Leander Paes and Elena Vesnina - went down fighting to second-seeds - Mike Bryan and Lisa Raymond - 3-6, 7-5, 4-6 in the Wimbledon mixed doubles final on Sunday.In a long-drawn encounter which one team didn't have the weapons to close and the other struggled with the script, the momentum swung back and forth on Centre Court under fading light.While the champions Bryan and Raymond took home 260,000 pounds, Paes and Vesnina, who also made the Australian Open final, settled for 130,000 pounds.Paes, who has seven men's doubles Grand Slam crowns and six mixed-doubles titles from 28 finals, was cheered on by wife Rhea and partner for the Olympic Games Vishnu Vardhan.After games went with serves early in the opening set, the Indo-Russian pair had a chance to edge ahead in the fifth game when they had a breakpoint on the Bryan serve, but the seasoned American pulled out three big first serves to hold his own.On Paes' serve in the following game the fourth-ranked pair were down 15-40.The 39-year-old Indian, who was brilliant at the net, saved the first breakpoint with an ace, but Bryan played an attacking return on the next point to help his team get ahead.Raymond endorsed the effort by holding serve as the Americans went up 5-2. Bryan and Raymond then served out the set on their fourth set point after Paes and Vesnina battled to bring the game to deuce after being down 0-40.Paes, who has struggled with his serve all tournament, did well to hold in the opening game of the second set as he faced four breakpoints.Vesnina, who was solid from the back of the court, was broken in the third game when she sent a backhand wide.Then with the fancied American pair serving for the match in the tenth game, the Indo-Russian pairing broke Bryan to level scores. In the 12th game, they struck again breaking Raymond to close out the set.The fourth-seeds, who fought well to take the match into the decider, came back from another deficit after the Mumbai-based pro was broken in the first game. They responded by breaking Raymond in a long-drawn fourth game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14792716", "title": "Pawan's body may arrive tomorrow", "text": "BANGALORE: The body of techie A Pawan Kumar, who allegedly committed suicide last month in the US, is expected to reach here late Wednesday night.The 26-year-old employee of Cognizant took an overdose of drugs in a New Jersey hotel on June 19. Police were looking for him in connection with the murder of a 26-year-old woman Danielle Mehlman in a beach hotel in Michigan.The return of Pawan's body was delayed as the family refused to file certain papers demanding they be given the US police investigation report and his suicide note. A Gunasheela, elder sister of Pawan, told TOI, the family finally signed the required papers Friday last. \"We know Pawan is innocent and some miscreants have framed him. But the distance and legal hurdles have created some confusion,\" she told TOI.Pawan's father P Anjaiah told TOI all they want is Pawan be laid to rest in an honourable and traditional manner. \"First, we thought of claiming the body only after speaking to Delaware police. But time is running out and the very thought of his body lying in a faraway place for 20 days is hurting more than anything else,\" Anjaiah said.\"Let the body arrive first. We'll finish the last rites and then think of the future course of action,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14786306", "title": "It's not enough to be No. 1, says Roger Federer", "text": "LONDON: Roger Federer arrived for his Wimbledon post-match press conference in a classic white cable-knit jumper and matching track pants. Not a hair out of place.Pics: Federer wins seventh Wimbledon titleThere was no evidence to suggest that tennis' World No. 1 had been on the court for 3-hours-and-24-minutes in a bruising Wimbledon encounter with Britain's Andy Murray . No signs of fatigue, just more fresh smiles.Attempting to give perspective to the win that gave the popular Swiss his 17th Grand Slam crown, Federer said, \"Today (Sunday) was unique because of playing Andy. Being able to play and finish the match under the roof which has never happened before in a final here was unique. Given the occasion and how big it was for Andy and me, it was very, very special to be able to win.\"Federer, 30, who hadn't won a Grand Slam title in two-and-a-half years, and who was constantly questioned by the media on his slip, sliding form, explained why the achievement was yet to sink in.\"I was so focused in the moment itself that when it all happened I was just so happy. The pressure was finally gone,\" he said, smiling, \"I guess that came due to the tough loss I had here last year (against Jo-Wilfried Tsonga after winning the first two sets) and the US Open (against Novak Djokovic after being two sets to love up), tough moments for me in the last couple years. So, I didn't picture myself with the trophy or think too far ahead. There was so much on the line, I tried not to think of the World No. 1 ranking or the seventh or the 17th title. This is actually going to take much longer to sink in, to understand what I was able to achieve today.\"Sunday's triumph on Church Road drowned the chorus of doubts that dogged Federer last season. With calls rating him as the greatest of all time growing in decibel level, the champion said, it was all opinion.\"It's nice to have had a positive effect on the game of tennis in the first place. I was able to live a dream,\" he said, \"And then to represent tennis across sports has been nice. Not that I feel obliged to do all the right things, but it's nice to be compared to other sporting greats. If I can help tennis with the image, make it more popular, that's enough for me. I want to leave the game better off than when I came into this great sport, which was already unbelievable with the great rivalries we had: Becker-Edberg, Courier and Agassi and Sampras and many others. For me that is most important.\"Federer added, \"I drew a lot of inspiration from other great athletes in other sports as well - Michael Jordan , Tiger Woods , Valentino Rossi. They inspire me to keep pushing further. You know not just being happy with World No. 1 or with a Grand Slam title, but to reach for more. Obviously, I have to drive myself. But you sometimes need to see someone else do it so you feel that it is actually possible.\"The 17-time Grand Slam champion said marriage and the birth of his twin daughters, Charlene Riva and Myla Rose, who are three now, changed life.Federer said, \"People sometimes forget I have twin girls. That has had a massive impact on my life. It's helped my game, I'm playing some of the best tennis of my life right now. Just to be able to juggle everything has been a challenge. You learn from your mistakes. You try to make it work for everyone involved. The victory is a dream-come-true for me and my family, seeing them there. It's big.\"When asked to compare the champion he is today to the all-conquering superstar of five years ago, Federer said, \"I hope I am a better player today than five years ago. I've practiced so much that, you don't want to be worse five years later. I feel I have a great game today. But then again, maybe there were times I had such incredible confidence (when I was younger) that you pull triggers and you pull off shots that maybe today I don't because I play the percentages a bit more. I know how hard it is, you know, to pull off those great shots and I know how easy it is to miss.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14789588", "title": "\u2018Probe in faulty drainage initiated\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: Urban development minister Azam Khan on Monday said that no CBI enquiry is necessary to pin the blame for faulty drainage leading to widespread waterlogging in Lucknow. Adding that the state government has already initiated action against concerned persons for approving faulty drainage networks under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme, Khan also directed Lucknow municipal commissioner NP Singh to investigate the matter and ensure that residents of the city are not affected again during the monsoon season.On Friday and Saturday, following a heavy downpour, large parts of the state were submerged under water as a result of improper construction of drains. Built under JNNURM, the faulty designs of the drainage system and poor quality work led to a flood-like situation in most major cities and left life paralysed by directly affecting drinking water and power supply in the cities.Acknowledging that the problem had assumed serious proportions, municipal commissioner NP Singh suspended JNNURM project in-charge and recommended departmental inquiry against a former chief engineer. Speaking to TOI, Singh said on first assessment, the designs of the storm water drainage system appeared to be faulty. However, officials still went ahead with constructing the drains. Singh suspended SK Jain, project-in-charge of JNNURM and instituted an inquiry against retired chief engineer BN Mishra, who had approved the designs of the drainage system. Though officials were asked to carry out relief measures, the situation could only be restored to normalcy after several hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "14791023", "title": "Congress MLA holds rally", "text": "DHARWAD: The 'paadayatra' launched by former MLA Vinay Kulkarni and other Congress leaders to highlight the failure of BJP government in tackling drought evoked good response on Monday. The 'paadayatra' that began from Amminbhavi village in Dharwad taluk at 10am reached the deputy commissioner's office at 4pm. As many as two thousand farmers, farm labourers and women participated in the 'paadayatra' along with their bullock carts.Kulkarni charged that the state government has literally failed to evaluate the severity of drought, hence could not launch drought-relief works in the district. Following scanty rain last season, the farmers of the district are in distress, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14788989", "title": "Drive to recover house tax arrears intensified", "text": "MARGAO: The recovery section of the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) has recovered house tax arrears amounting to Rs 32,88,878 from its defaulters after issuing a 15-day notice to them.The accounts cum taxation officer, Damodar Yelekar, said that after a list of defaulters was prepared, the defaulters were served with a notice. \"The municipality has set a target for the recovery of house tax areas and the drive has been intensified,\" Yelekar said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14788102", "title": "Soon, a course in rainwater harvesting at Jamia Hamdard", "text": "NEW DELHI: If the acute water crisis during summer months is any indication, the city may soon be in dire need of rainwater harvesting experts. Keeping this concern in mind, Jamia Hamdard University has decided to introduce a course in rainwater harvesting.The board of studies at the university has said the PG diploma will begin from January 2013. Experts feel that as the demand for decentralized options like rainwater harvesting spikes, an automatic need arises for specialists who can cater to residents' requirements.\"The course recently got a nod from the academic council. Rainwater harvesting is a profession that is soon going to be in demand. Students need expertise in installing rainwater harvesting structures and maintaining them every monsoon. The course will be of a one-year duration and will include theory and practical sessions,\" said professor Javed Ahmed, head of the botany department at the varsity.The idea of starting this unique course stemmed from the university's own experience of the water crisis. The campus functions without a Delhi Jal Board (DJB) connection and has been sustaining with the rainwater collected every monsoon.In the one-year course, students will be taught how to construct various kinds of harvesting structures. They will also have access to laboratory facilities to test the rain and groundwater quality. The course fee adds up to Rs 25,000.Meanwhile, Centre for Science and Environment (CSE), which already offers a rainwater harvesting course, has witnessed a spurt in the number of applicants this year. \"Every year during the peak summer months people wake up to the water shortage and the demand shoots up. But this year we started getting enquiries much earlier and they were more in number. In fact, we had participants from Bangladesh and Nepal too,\" said Sushmita Sengupta, deputy programme manager, water unit, CSE.At CSE, students fulfill multiple roles of architects, contractors and consultants, all pitching in to conserve water. Unlike Jamia Hamdard University, CSE organizes short courses of about a week's duration. The course content involves traditional rainwater harvesting structures, understanding basics of groundwater, hydrogeology, designing, construction process, maintenance and monitoring mechanisms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14791027", "title": "Girls outnumber boys in birth through IVF", "text": "PUNE: Girls outnumber boys among children born through assisted reproduction in in-vitro fertilisation (IVF) centers in the city. Pune may have ranked low on the sex ratio scale in the 2011 Census, but the trend is quite the reverse in case of test tube babies.Seven IVF centres in the city have shown a heartening trend - total 250 girls were born against 242 boys in the last three years - between 2009-10 and 2011-12. This is revealed in the data collated by Pune Municipal Corporation's health department. from seven prominent IVF centres in last one month.\"We had collated the data from prominent IVF centres to ascertain the sex ratio in these clinics. It shows birth ratio is in favour of girls,\" S T Pardeshi, city health chief, PMC told TOI on Monday.There are 11 IVF centres in Pune. The health department collated and compiled data from seven prominent IVF centres between June 15 and July 6.Gynaecologist and infertility expert Sunita Tandulwadkar, who heads the IVF centre at Ruby Hall Clinic, said, \"There is no method to choose between a boy or a girl in IVF and it depends on pure chance. Among the IVF deliveries we carried out between 2009 and 2011, 30 were boys and 32 were girls.\"In IVF, an egg is taken from a woman and fertilised with a man's sperm in the lab before putting it back into the womb of a woman.Asked whether IVF can select sex of the foetus, Tandulwadkar said, \"We cannot select the sex of the sperm in IVF by simply looking at the sperm through microscope. Since we can not determine the X or Y chromosome by studying the sperm under microscope, there is no room for sex selection.\"Tandulwadkar added: \"To select the sex, one needs to have pre-conception genetic diagnostics (PGD) facility. There may be four or five such centers in India where the PGD facility is available. The main objective of using PGD is to prevent genetic abnormality that runs in family from transferring it to a child. The procedure is very expensive. If the cost of IVF goes between Rs 1 lakh to Rs 1.4 lakh, availing PGD will cost an additional one lakh. Naturally, it is not affordable to many.\"Sharing the view, senior gynaecologist Sanjay Gupte, also a member of the Central Supervisory Board of the Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act, said, \"There is no question of sex ratio being manipulated by IVF clinicians. There is no method to choose between a boy or a girl, it depends on pure chance. Patients also do not consider using IVF as a method of trying to have a boy or girl, since the procedure is used to try and maximise the chance of pregnancy.\"He added: \"Only 0.1% or one in 5,000 babies are born using assisted reproduction and any gender changes would not have a huge social impact. There is no evidence I'm aware of to show that sex ratios at a national level have changed as a consequence of assisted conception procedures.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14788944", "title": "Kovalam junction to wear a new look", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government has given administrative sanction for beautifying Kovalam junction and developing GV Raja Road leading to KTDC Samudra hotel into a green avenue with roadside seating.Habitat Technology Group founder chairman G Shankar has been entrusted with the job of turning the unassuming triangular spot in the middle of the road demarcating the way to Kovalam into an iconic welcome mat for visitors. \"It is being done solely on the chief minister's request. He is said to have travelled on the road and failed to notice the entrance to Kovalam. He felt that it should stand out,\" said a tourism department official.Shankar, who took time off from the drawing board to speak to TOI, said he was going to incorporate a sculpture that embodies the spirit of Kovalam, which would also act as a welcome signage for visitors.\"The sculpture will be made of stone, concrete and water to withstand the salinity in the air and the elements that it will be exposed to. I am thinking of a mermaid,\" he said.The small area beside the auto stand near Kovalam junction will also be landscaped. But the most impressive decision is to develop a 1 km stretch of GV Raja Road as a model road, with seating on either sides.\"The park next to Samudra Beach is in disarray. Some work was done to create a public space but there is no access to the park, defined pathways or adequate lighting. Vandalism is a big issue with projects like this. We have to work with heavy materials like granite benches, which cannot be dislodged. More trees will be planted to enhance the greenery of the area. This development will also benefit small traders in the area ,\" said Shankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14788440", "title": "HPU to take affidavits from hostellers against violent acts", "text": "SHIMLA: To curb violent activities in Himachal Pradesh University (HPU) campus, varsity authorities have made it mandatory for students seeking admission in hostels to submit affidavits that they would get involved in any violent activity which may disturb the law and order situation in HPU. The move comes after the recent violent clashes in hostels on June 12, wherein over 25 students were injured and the boys' hostels were closed indefinitely.According to varsity officials, the affdivats are aimed at promoting a peaceful environment and maintain law and order. At the time of seeking admissions, students will submit an affidavit that they are staying on their own responsibility in the hostels, and that they will not get involved in violent activities nor will propagate violence in the campus. The notification stresses that no political activity will be allowed in the hostels as, during elections, student leaders gather in the hostels and decide strategies for campus elections and at times, the outfits resort to violent activities and these result in frequent clashes.The elected student body of Student Central Association (SCA) has been protesting this move. SCA general secretary Manju Thakur said, \"Some girl hostellers have gone to their native places as far off as Pangi and Chamba. How can they submit it. Besides, it suggests that students cannot congregate in large numbers in hostels and cannot move around in large groups. This is against freedom of students.\"The notification follows varsity authorities mooting a policy that hostel admission will be provided only for a limited period, probably for three years, to prevent violence and overcrowding and that preference will be given to research scholars and those pursuing PhD.After the recent clashes, a search was conducted in the hostels by police on the orders of the high court. The search found that the seven boys' hostels were overcrowded with unauthorized occupants and had at least 2,000 students against its capacity of 810. During the search, police had also recovered objectionable material including iron rods, knives, swords and lathis from different hostels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "14789089", "title": "Cheating case registered at Margao", "text": "GOA: Alleging that she was cheated to the tune of Rs 49,900, 51-year-old Fatima Fernandes from Velim lodged a complaint with the Margao town police on Monday accusing Shaikh Mubarak of duping her on the pretext of giving her a loan. According to the complainant, from January to February 2011 she was allegedly 'induced dishonestly to deposit cash amounts amounting to Rs 49,000', but Mubarak failed to grant her the loan. An offense under Section 420 of IPC has been registered.Sidhanath, Lorna give stellar performances: Sidhanath Buyao and Lorna Cordeiro, in a spectacular performance, enthralled Goans settled in America at the 11th North American Goan Convention held in Detroit, Michigan. The three-day convention held from July 6 to July 8 at the Holiday Inn Convention Centre included performances by attendees, dinner cruise on the Detroit River overlooking Canada , seminar on foreign taxes, special activities for second generation Goans, a screening of the Konkani movie O'Maria and other entertainment. Sidhanath Buyao led the cultural troupe with US-based Goans Uma Kelekar and Sanjeet Hegde Desai. A crowd of over two hundred people danced to the tune of Sidhanath Buyao's songs and other hit Konkani songs composed by Late Ulhas Buyao. The scheduled performance by Lorna was extended by 45 minutes with the enthused crowd demanding more songs from Lorna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14789179", "title": "Techie murder: 'Pilot' confesses to crime", "text": "GURGAON: The prime accused in the techie murder case was taken on a two-day police remand after he was produced in a city court on Monday. During interrogation, the accused, Rajat Yadav, confessed to killing Parveen Kumar, said police.Yadav claims to be a trained pilot and owner of a Sushant Lok-based event management company.\"He runs an event management company in Gurgaon. He had doubts that Parveen was in touch with his rival in Kanina in Mahendragarh district and used to pass on his business secrets to him. On the fateful night, Yadav returned to his house after drinking alcohol in Odyssey bar in Sahara Mall. He badly beat up Parveen when he saw his rival's incoming calls in his phone record. Parveen succumbed to his injuries later,\" Yadav told police.According to a senior police officer, Yadav spent the last one and a half months in Khatu Shyam in Rajasthan. A police team has left for Khatu Shyam with Yadav to collect evidence from his rented room.\"We are interrogating the accused. He has confessed to the crime. He had killed Parveen under the influence of alcohol,\" said Jagdish Parshad, SHO, DLF Phase II.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14797618", "title": "I am still single: Sonal Chauhan", "text": "On Sunday, Neil Nitin Mukesh declared that he is in love with Sonal Chauhan and also wishes to marry her. Once the interview was out, Sonal was flooded with calls asking for her side of the story.Despite Neil's declaration, Sonal says she isn't in any committed relationship. Excerpts from an interview with the actor:We have heard Neil Nitin Mukesh's side of the story. What's your take on his comments? Neil is fantastic human being and a good friend of mine. Fact is, four months is too short a period for me to get into a committed relationship.What's \"3G\" all about? 3G is a supernatural thriller. We are almost done with the shooting of the movie. Only 10 days of shooting is left in Mumbai. We just returned from our 45-day shooting schedule in Fiji. I am eagerly waiting for the director to come up with the edited version of the movie.While shooting for an underwater sequence of your movie in Fiji , you and Neil had a scary experience with snakes in the middle of the sea... The experience was fine till we were told that the snakes were poisonous. We were initially briefed that the snakes were non-poisonous and so, were pretty relaxed. But once we came out of the water, we were told the truth. That was scary.We have seen you in a couple of Bollywood movies and some down South. Up until now, how much have you explored yourself as an actor? Every time I do a movie, I explore something new about myself. I experience new emotions through my movies and characters. I choose my movies on the basis of characters I can relate to. Even when I go and watch movies, I try to figure out how well I can relate to the characters.What kind of roles do you fancy? As an actor, one should be versatile and I am open to all sorts of roles. I'd love to play characters with grey shades. That's how an actor explores herself. It is a challenge to be able to portray what nobody else has imagined about me.Any specific role you wish to relive in reel life? There are lots of them but my favourite is \"D ilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge\" If such a movie is ever remade, I would love to relive the character of Simran ( Kajol ) on the silver screen.How do you see yourself down 20 years hence? My career has just taken off and I feel I am still a struggler. I have to achieve a lot more in life. I might keep myself engaged in movies or even join politics. Politics in India needs the involvement of youngsters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14788347", "title": "Dharmuchak prays for its Dara Singh", "text": "AMRITSAR: The tiny hamlet of Dharmuchak near Amritsar \u2014 that had shot to fame when a young Sikh boy, Dara Singh, went from here in 1940 and became a champion wrestler and national icon of masculinity \u2014 has set a big date with Lord Hanuman.Since Sunday, residents of this village have been anxiously filing to their neighbourhood Hanuman temple, all to pray for the recovery of their hulk hero's health.Dara Singh (83) -- who showed the nation how Hanuman slaughtered the fire-spitting giant dragons with kitchen knives or lift a mountain on his fingers -- is critical and battling for life in Mumbai following a severe cardiac arrest on Saturday.\"The news is not good but we are hopeful and are praying to Lord Hanuman, he will be well soon,\" said Dara Singh's nephew, Baljit Singh Pehelwan, from the village.Pehelwan, along with more locals, was preparing to leave for Mumbai to be with his uncle.Several other villagers on Monday continued to wear a somber look as images of Dara Singh's son addressing media on his father's deteriorating health beamed on their TV sets from Mumbai.A local resident Sukhraj Singh, while paying obeisance at the temple recalled how once Dara Singh had given them funds for the construction of stadium in village and promote wrestling.\"He is our Hanuman and he will live forever,\" he wailed.Tales of Dara's docility, affability and his iconic invincibility remained the part of conversations. Some of his friends dredged-up the days from infancy to adulthood, recollecting how he would wrestle on invitation of kings of the then princely states at fairs and carnivals.Wrestlers in other parts of Amritsar too gathered to conduct a special prayer for Dara Singh. The actor's son thanked his father's fans for the pouring wishes.\"Dara ji will be kept under observation for at least 24 hours. Though he is being treated by great doctors, prayers are needed,\" his son Vindoo Dara Singh told TOI over the phone.Long before the Great Khali gained fame and much before Bollywood superstars began flaunting six-packs, Dara Singh's masculinity endured in popular consciousness. Dara Singh was born in Dharmuchak in a Jat family on November 19,1928 in Dharmuchak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14788062", "title": "Probe human rights 'violation' of Juhu revellers: Panel to cops", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra State Women's Commission has ordered the Mumbai Police chief to inquiry into allegations of personal and human rights violations by the personnel during the raid on a party at Juhu this May.Following a complaint lodged by activist Santosh Daundkar, who alleged that the police had forced revellers to undergo blood and urine tests \"without any provision in law\" and \"undermined the dignity of women by parading them in public before TV cameras\", the women's commission directed the police commissioner to ensure that an inquiry report was submitted in a month.During the raid, conducted under additional police commissioner (west) Vishwas Nagre Patil, 110 g cocaine was recovered. Nagre Patil confirmed to TOI that the police chief had forwarded him the order and asked him to submit a report to him as well as the women's panel. \"I will go into all the legal issues raised and submit the report soon,\" he said.Passing the order under the provisions of Maharashtra State Commission for Women Act, 1993, SWC member-secretary Shomita Biswas said the law was meant to uphold and protect the dignity and legal as well as human rights of women. The complaint lodged through former IPS officer-turned-lawyer Y P Singh has sought \"monetary compensation for all who were illegally detained and forced to give their urine and blood samples when there was no provision under the law to do so and to inquire into the misconduct of the public servants during the raid, if any, and recommend departmental action against them\". made by Singh was essentially against the police action of drawing urine and blood samples \"illegally\" from all those present at the party in the absence of any such specific provision under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985.The complaint said there was no provision under the NDPS Act to detain a person for urine and blood sample after the search on the person. It also said \"women were searched without following the mandatory procedure under NDPS Act\".Curbing one's freedom amounts to arrests, said Singh, adding women attending the party were detained till their samples were collected; the police did not follow the legal procedures for an arrest. According to the complaint, the policedid not tell the detained persons that they had the right to call a friend or family. nor did they make any entry in the station diary about families being intimated.The law empowers the women's commission to entertain complaints and take suo motu cognizance with reference to deprivation of women's rights and non-implementation of laws enacted to protect womenand uphold equality and development. The Maharashtra State Commission for Women's Act empowers the panel to direct the police to investigate a complaint and to seek attendance of any person and to examine him/her. The police can also ask for any document and public records from any office, if needed. The Act, however, enjoins the commission to conduct a further enquiry if it does not find the police report satisfactory.The procedures the police are supposed to follow during an arrest flow from the fundamental right to life prescribed in the Constitution and laid down by the Supreme CourtIt is the duty of a magistrate too to verify if the police have followed all procedures properly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14789206", "title": "Bus services start again at Nashik Education Society schools with changes", "text": "NASHIK: School buses of the Nashik Education Society (NES) started plying from Monday with modifications as per the government resolution of September 14, 2011.There is a likelihood of a hike in bus fees but the management says it has not taken a decision about it at present. Bus services of two NES schools, Rangubai Junnare English Medium School and M S Kothari Academy were discontinued without any notice to parents from this academic year, which began on June 15. After parents questioned the school and the management, the latter said that following the new norms was not feasible for the school but promised to sort out the issue.It was decided unanimously by the management and the parents in a meeting that bus services would be outsourced. Last week, tenders were opened and negotiations were made by parents and the contractor after the services were outsourced and it was decided that the buses would be made available with all the necessary modifications from July 9.Accordingly, the bus services began from Monday. But parents have said that the fees for the bus services may be hiked. \"Considering the rise in diesel prices in the past year, there are chances that the fees for the bus services would be hiked, but we are ready to pay the amount,\" said parent Anil Gangwal from the school.Parag Bhure, a parent and a member of the transportation committee said that the buses came on time and 80% of the students made use of bus services. \"All the additions were made in the buses from the students' welfare point of view,\" he said. On the likelihood of bus fees being increased, he said that as of now, nothing has been finalized.Dilip Phadke, chairman of the school committee of Rangubai Junnare English Medium School and the vice-chairman of NES did not rule out the possibility of hiking the bus fees but said that it would be decided later. \"Our first priority was to start the bus services. Yes, there has been hike in the diesel prices and the maintenance and incorporation of new things are expensive. Last year, we did not increase the bus fees. The management will take a decision later but we will talk to the representatives of the parents about it and the rate would be decided with their consultation,\" said Phadke.He said that out of the five buses, all the modifications have been made for four buses while half of it has been done for one bus. He said that soon this bus also would have all the modifications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14789018", "title": "FIR filed against firm for poor quality batteries", "text": "GURGAON: Police have lodged an FIR against a private company for supplying sub-standard batteries for solar power equipment. The case came to light after the additional district commissioner (ADC) ordered that the quality of the batteries supplied by the company, RGVP, be checked.The ADC said that the state had awarded the contract to the private firm to supply batteries for solar equipment. As per the contract, the company was supposed to supply standard luminous batteries. On Saturday, after a consignment of 250 batteries reached Gurgaon, the officials found some of them of poor quality. The batteries had the label of Luminous brand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14787022", "title": "Govt to set up second panel to rework report on Western Ghats", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has decided to set up another committee comprising central and state government experts to review the controversial report of the Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel (WGEEP) after several states vehemently objected to the recommendations.The decision was taken by environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan in concurrence with the PMO. The committee will be required to submit its views on the report in two months.Sources in the environment ministry said more than 6,000 comments had been received on the WGEEP recommendations since the report was put in public domain asking for views.The WGEEP report had recommended banning mining in 60% of hill areas falling in six states over the next five years and not permitting any new mines in another 15% of the Western Ghats area - a globally recognized biodiversity rich zone.The panel, headed by Madhav Gadgil, who has also served on the Sonia Gandhi-led National Advisory Council, had come up with a zoning plan for the region, recommending that the Ghats should be classified into three classes of eco-sensitive zone with various degrees of restriction on land use for development and agriculture. It had also pushed the case for setting up an authority to monitor implementation of the report and the management of the eco-sensitive zones.The panel's advice has sparked strong reactions from states such as Kerala, which claimed that complete implementation of the recommendations would lead to unprecedented restrictions on development and infrastructure growth.Sources in the environment ministry told TOI that the committee would be asked to take a holistic view on the ecologists' recommendations and bring on board the apprehensions of state governments as well as other central ministries as well. It is likely to be headed by an eminent environmental expert though the environment ministry has not yet shortlisted names.Natarajan's decision to set up a committee will also negate the attempts by the Planning Commission to intervene on behalf of the states, sidelining other stakeholders who had approached the environment ministry with their varying views. The report has had an unprecedented reaction from various quarters including civil society and industry with the economic development in more than 80 districts directly affected by the recommendations besides the large industrial stakes in the mine-rich zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "tankara (rajkot)", "code": "14791168", "title": "Liquor cache worth Rs 1.07 lakh seized, two held", "text": "TANKARA (RAJKOT): Anandpar village of Tankara taluka and seized a liquor cache worth Rs 1.07 lakh on Sunday night. Two people were arrested. The raid was conducted on the basis of a tip-off about the scheduled arrival of a liquor consignment at the house of Raju Hada on the outskirts of Anandpar village.\"Hada was caught while trying to flee from the spot. The liquor consignment consisted of 330 bottles of Indian-made foreign liquor (IMFL) worth Rs 99,000 and 84 beer bottles worth Rs 8,400. The total seizure was worth Rs 1,07,400,\" said an investigating official.Besides Hada, Devendrasinh Jadeja, a native of Nana Intala of Paddhari taluka was also arrested. He had come to buy liquor from Hada. During the raid, two of Hada's accomplices gave police the slip. While one of the accused was identified as Vira Hasalia, a resident of Madhapar, the identity of the second person could not be ascertained.Police have launched a manhunt to nab both of them.Apart from liquor, police seized a car worth Rs 5 lakh, two two-wheelers and two cellphones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14790261", "title": "Date extended for MBA forms", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The date for submission of admission forms for MBA (executive) offered by Panjab University's, University Business School for the session 2012-13 has been extended up to July 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14788355", "title": "Metro line between Noida, Greater Noida approved", "text": "NOIDA: Nearly four months after the government in Uttar Pradesh changed hands, the three development authorities \u2014 Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway \u2014 held their long-awaited board meetings on Monday. Metro connectivity remained the focus of Noida Authority at its 176th board meeting. Apart from approving the DPR for a Metro extension between Kalindi Kunj and Botanical Garden, Noida Authority also gave its nod to a 7km link to Noida Extension. An exclusive Metro route between Noida and Greater Noida also got the board's clearance.For the year 2012-13, the Authority allotted a total budget of Rs 7,021 crore for Noida. Of this, nearly 43% (Rs 3,000 crore) was allocated for development and infrastructure, besides Rs 500 crore for Metro extension.\"The long-pending DPR of the 3.9km Metro route between Kalindi Kunj and Botanical Garden will now be forwarded to the state government for approval. After that an MoU will be signed and then we will release the funds for its commencement,\" said Sanjiv Saran, CEO, Noida Authority.In an effort to provide Metro connectivity to lakhs of people who would reside in the 'affordable housing hub' Noida Extension in the next 2-3 years, the board approved a proposal to extend the City Center Metro line till the crossing of sectors 71 and 72. A DPR will soon be prepared for this line. While the stations will be marked soon, Noida Authority officials said at least two stations will fall in Noida Extension, near Gaur roundabout and Eco Village-III. \"This 7km route will cost Rs 1,800 crore. Of this, Rs 1,100 crore will be shared between Noida and Greater Noida,\" Saran said.A special Metro line connecting the twin cities also got the green signal. \"We are working on a PPP model and studying the feasibility of constructing this 35km line. The project is estimated to cost Rs 200 crore per km,\" the CEO said.The Authority fast-tracked proposals for the widening of two bridges over the Shahdara drain near Film City and before the Okhla Barrage. The board also approved the setting up of a centralized emergency helpline number that will cater to police, medical and fire emergencies. The number will be functional 24x7. \"We are in the process of finalizing the blueprint of this project and should launch it on August 15,\" Saran said.The Authority plans to establish a Rs 100 crore, IIT-Roorkee approved, UASB technology driven sewage disposal system, and identify a sanitary land fill site in Sector 123. Construction of underpasses, flyovers and foot over bridges across the city is also on the cards. Special schemes will be launched for banks and nursing homes which have been displaced after the Supreme Court ruling barring all commercial activity from non-conforming areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14787314", "title": "Gujarat Maritime Board: No hazardous material on Exxon\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Gujarat Maritime Board (GMB) on Monday told the Supreme Court that oil tanker-turned-cargo vessel Exxon Valdez contained no hazardous substance and could be beached at India's largest ship breaking yard at Alang for scrapping.\"During the inspection, it was found, which was later confirmed from documents submitted for ship breaking, that the ship had been converted from an oil carrier to a bulker in September 2008, as such there was no sign of any kind of hazardous/toxic substance on board,\" GMB's counsel Hemantika Wahi informed the court.A bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and J Chelameswar asked the ministry of environment and forests, ministry of shipping and customs department to file their responses to the plea of environment activist Gopal Krishna, who had alleged that the ship coming to Alang for scrapping was in breach of Basel Convention rules as it had not been decontaminated in the country of its origin, the US. The court fixed final hearing in the matter for July 19.Earlier, the environment ministry had left the decision of beaching Exxon Valdez, rechristened Oriental Nicety, to GMB but had said that breaking of the ship had to follow the procedure laid down by the apex court in its September 6, 2006 order.Exxon Valdez has been on the radar of environmentalists since March 24, 1989, when it ran aground on Bligh Reef in Prince William Sound, Alaska. The vessel spilled approximately 10.9 million gallons of its 53 million gallon cargo of Prudhoe Bay crude oil, making it the largest oil spill in US waters. ExxonMobil took immediate responsibility for the spill, cleaned it up and voluntarily compensated those who claimed direct damages.Petitioner Krishna had requested the Supreme Court to direct the Union government to ensure that no end-of-life ship be allowed into the country's waters without prior decontamination in the country of its origin. He had also sought an inquiry into the manner in which more than 5,000 'dead' ships were brought into Indian waters for breaking, allegedly without following the norms laid down by the Supreme Court.The ship's owner, Best Oasis Ltd, through senior advocate Shekhar Naphade said the vessel was anchored in Indian territorial waters and requested the court for permission to beach at Alang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14787590", "title": "Coin vending machines at stations soon", "text": "MUMBAI: To tackle the problem of shortage of coins at ticket booking counters, the railway board has allowed public sector banks to install coin vending machines (CVM) at select stations.A railway official said, \"Passengers will be able to exchange currency notes for coins. The board has permitted zonal railways to allow all public sector banks to install CVMs at booking offices. Banks will be given permission on first come first serve basis, but preference will be given to SBI .\"Considering the magnitude of problem, the railway has decided to charge a nominal one time license fee of Rs 1 for allowing the use of space for installation of machine. Even electricity supply will be provided free of cost but banks will have to ensure that requisite amount of coins are available in machines, at all times, he added.The bank will be able to install machines at location identified by divisions. The official said, \"At A-I category stations, a maximum of four CVMS will be allowed while in other category stations only two such machines will be permitted in booking offices.\"This decision has been taken in view of problem of loose change at booking counters.A WR official said, \"It will help overcoming the shortage of coins at the booking office. It will also reduce arguments between booking clerks and the commuter on account of shortage of loose coins at the counters.\"Efforts are under way to deploy coin-operated Automatic Ticket Vending Machine (ATVM) to reduce queues at booking windows on Mumbai suburban railway stations.As of now, smart card operated ATVM are present on both Central Railway (CR) and Western Railway (WR). However, these machines have not proved as much popular as was anticipated because of being less user friendly when compared with Coupon Validating Machines (CVMs)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14791622", "title": "No use of polythene during Kumbh: minister", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Chairing a review meeting for Mahakumbh here on Monday, state protocol minister Abhishek Mishra said the grand religious congregation should be made polythene free. He said a series of awareness campaigns would be taken out for this and action would be taken against those using polythene or poly-bags.Mishra said only awareness campaigns can bring the desired results and every individual should understand the responsibility to protect the environment.He directed the UP Pollution Control Board to conduct survey of the drains and take measures if any drain is flowing into the Ganga and Yamuna. The minister said the state government is making efforts to make the Mahakumbh a memorable one.Mishra added that teams have been assigned jobs to check the flow of ternary and distilleries water into the Ganga. The minister also met the Samajwadi Party MLAs and leaders and discussed various issues with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14789299", "title": "Homeo department launches 'Sadgamaya' for youngsters", "text": "THRISSUR: After launching Seethalayam, an exclusive health programme for women, the homoeopathy department in the district has launched yet another health programme, this time aimed at youngsters.The programme, 'Sadgamaya', aims at overall health improvement of youngsters. It offers free treatment and counselling as well as other necessary help to youngsters in need.\"This is one among the ten health projects announced by the department to ensure healthy living this year. Thrissur is the first district to start Sadgamaya. The programme was launched at the Kizhakkumpattukara Homoeo District Hospital on July 1. Students with any kind of physical and mental problems can contact us over phone and in person,\" said an officer from the department. The service of homeopathy doctors and clinical psychologists would be available.Autism , learning disabilities, behavioral disorders, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder ( ADHD), lack of courage and over-addiction to gadgets are some of the cases. that youngsters are generally affected with.The programme also deals with issues that affect pre-school children and primary level students. Those in need of assistance can contact homeopathy doctors and councillors on the following number: 9142066678 on any working day between 10am and 1pm.BOXWhy Sadgamaya?Several youngsters face physical and mental torture in the domestic and social environment these days. The issues are mainly due to nuclear family constrains, substance abuse or over-addiction to gadgets. Increasing number of suicidal and criminal tendencies in youngsters is mainly attributed to family problems, mental illness and physical illness. According to Homeopathy practitioners, it is well proved that Homoeopathy can alleviate mental aberrations and suicidal tendencies without any bad effects.After launching an exclusive health programme for women in the title Seethalayam, the Homoeopathy department has now lunched yet another health programme, this time aimed at the youngsters.The programme titled 'Sadgamaya' aims at the overall health improvement of the youngsters. Sadgamaya offers free treatment and counselling and other necessary help to the youngsters in need.\"This is one among the ten health projects announced by the department to ensure healthy living of the people earlier this year. Thrissur is the first district to start Sadgamaya. The programme was started at the Kizhakkumpattukara Homoeo District Hospital on July 1. Students with any kind of physical and mental problems can contact us over phone and in person if they willing to,\" said an officer from the department. The service of homeopathy doctors and clinical psychologists would be available.The main cases expected from the youngsters are autism, learning disabilities (LD), behavioral disorders, attention deficit hyper active disorder (ADHD), lack of courage, over-addiction to gadgets etc. Sadgamaya will also deal with the issues of pre-school children and primary level students.Those who are in need of assistance can contact Homeopathy doctors and councillors on 9142066678 on any working day between 10 am and 1 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14787768", "title": "Turmoil hits medical sector due to Clinical Establishment Act", "text": "NAGPUR: Medical practitioners seem united in opposing the Clinical Establishment Act and the introduction of a Bachelor of Rural healthcare (BRHC) course, irrespective of the branch of medicine they practise. Ayurveda, unani and homoeopathy practitioners of the city have declared a strike to oppose these moves.While the National Integrated Medical Association has called for a one-day national strike on Tuesday, city branch of Homoeopathic Integrated Medical Practitioners Association of Maharashtra (HIMPAM) has called for a three-day strike starting Tuesday.\"Along with these issues, we also wish to bring to attention the inhuman lathi-charge on our doctors by the Lucknow police when they were only presenting their demands to the administration,\" said Dr Pravin Dangore, president of NIMA Nagpur. Around 8 lakh members of NIMA including BAMS and BUMS degree holders, students, teachers and staffers of Ayurveda colleges across the country would be supporting the strike, he added.\"Almost 90% of doctors in rural India practised traditional medicine. Even then while calculating the doctor-patient ratio, we are never taken into consideration. If the BRHC course is introduced, we would be further isolated in government policies,\" said Dr Jai Chhangani, secretary of the association. The recent directive by the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) against honouring the prescription of non-allopathic practitioners has forced the homoeopaths to strike work for three days.\"Homoeopaths practising in villages for over a decade are finding it difficult to treat their patients. Since the chemists are not ready to sell them the medicines, patients are suffering as they need to come to the cities to get even common drugs,\" said Dr Ajay Kale, secretary of HIMPAM's city chapter. \"Eight percent of general practitioners in the villages and interior areas are non-allopathic and no government doctor or hospital is available in these areas,\" he said. \"With no infrastructure to serve these patients, such moves are impractical,\" he addedThrough the strike, NIMA has also appealed to the Central government to form uniform rules about non-allopathic doctors. Currently, all states have different rules. Other demands of the organization include traditional medicos being given equivalent position and pay as MBBS doctors in government services, a dedicated fund allotment towards Indian medicine in the next five-year plan and stopping FDA's unwarranted actions against its members.Medical reps too will observe protest dayMaharashtra State Medical Representatives' Association (MSMRA) would also be observing Protest Day on Tuesday as per the directions of Federation of Sales &amp; Medical Representatives' Associations of India (FMRAI). \"The public perception of MR's has taken a beating in recent times, especially after an episode of Satyamev Jayate and a resultant sting operation in Mumbai blaming the MR's for doctors promoting certain medicines. These reports do not blame the companies we work for and place the responsibility of such practices on us,\" said Dilip Deshpande, general secretary of MSMRA. MSMRA will be conducting street corner meetings and other programmes and submit memorandum to the collector.Chemists to 'work-to-rule'Chemists across the state have pledged to 'work-to-rule' and keep their shop open only between 10 am and 6 pm from this Wednesday until the next. They are doing this to protest Food and Drugs Administration (FDA)'s stance of sticking to rules rather than think in public interest. The FDA had directed the chemists not to honour the prescriptions of non-allopathic medical practitioners. This has created problems in rural areas and places where not many MBBS doctors are available.\"If we listen to the FDA, people with those prescriptions attack us. If we do not then we have to face action by FDA. When we discussed these problems with FDA officials, we were told to stick to the rules. So, we would do just that for a week's time,\" said Ravi Goyal, president of Nagpur District Chemists' and Druggists' Association (NDCDA).Shutting down shops at 6 pm would be 'sticking to rules', as a pharmacist is only supposed to work an eight-hour shift. \"Most pharmacists stretch their shifts to 12-13 hours a day in larger interest of the people. The administration has asked us to stop thinking on these lines,\" added Goyal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14798044", "title": "Presidential poll: Sangma in Mumbai, meets BJP legislators", "text": "MUMBAI: Presidential hopeful P A Sangma , who is in the city as part of his campaign, met BJP legislators on Tuesday.Sangma was also felicitated by Leader of opposition in Maharashtra assembly, Eknath Khadse at the latter's official residence in South Mumbai.He is expected to address a meeting of BJP legislators later in the day.Khadse said he would request the Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) to support Sangma, who has been backed by the AIADMK, Biju Janata Dal and BJP.On July 13, UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee will be in Mumbai and is expected to meet Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray to express his gratitude for Sena's support to his candidature in the presidential polls.He will also address a gathering of legislators of Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) in South Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14788974", "title": "FTII writes to I&B; ministry over entertainment society of Goa 'cheating'", "text": "PANAJI: Pune's Film and Television Institute of India (FTII) lends its expertise in film appreciation to every major project on the subject in the country. But for the film appreciation course to be conducted by Entertainment Society of Goa (ESG), in collaboration with the National Film Archive of India (NFAI) and FTII, FTII has found itself involved only on paper.This has prompted a miffed FTII to write to the I&B; ministry seeking its intervention on FTII's 'name being used' and film lovers being 'cheated' through the course.\"Last year's course timetable was designed and coordinated by Urmila Joshi, who is a librarian at NFAI, without consulting the professor for film appreciation or the dean (films) of FTII. As partners of the course, we should be taking care of the academic design. Joshi had no clue about film teaching,\" said Indranil Bhattacharya, professor of film appreciation and in-charge of all film appreciation programmes conducted by FTIIHe said it is the mandate of FTII as academic partner for theHe said it is the mandate of FTII as academic partner for the programme to design the course and nominate teachers. \"This is also because unlike FTII the other bodies involved, like NFAI, have no film teachers or experts...In the process film lovers of Goa are being cheated and taken for a ride. The FTII name attracts film enthusiasts even from Europe. This year again the FTII name is being used without consulting us,\" Bhattacharya said. The course is scheduled to be held at ESG from July 16 to 23, 2012 this year and the fee has been pegged at Rs 4,000 per student.He also said that the course conducted by government of India bodies, while sidelining FTII, is taking help from private institutions without authorization from the national film school or the I&B; ministry.\"We have 25 faculty members on film and film appreciation yet the course sees teachers who are librarian, information assistant, animation worker and public relation officer. I was called only at the last minute to teach at the course last year,\" Bhattacharya said.Goa's internationally acclaimed filmmaker Laxmikant Shetgaonkar, who also received a letter from FTII over the issue, said, \"ESG does not consult filmmakers at all while finalizing its programme. FTII is supposed to have the expertise on film appreciation in the country and all courses across India on film are conducted in consultation with FTII. At ESG only FTII's name is being used. NFAI on the other hand is like a library of films and nothing more.\"Shetgaonkar said that during the film appreciation course last year he too, like Bhattacharya, was summoned at the eleventh hour to fill in a slot found to be open. \"I was called up at the last minute to screen my film and hold a discussion with the students. This is not what a film appreciation course is supposed to be. It has to be conducted in a professional manner, which is not happening. The state government should look into the matter as it is public money, which is going to waste,\" Shetgaonkar said.When contacted, ESG chief executive officer Manoj Srivastava said, \"We can only hope that the two central government bodies NFAI and FTII have designed the course in consultation with each other. If there is an issue, then it is between the two central government bodies. ESG has nothing to comment on it.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "rajahmundry", "code": "14792468", "title": "Two flights return due to low visibility", "text": "RAJAHMUNDRY: Two private carrier flights returned to Madhurapudi airport here on Monday as the visibility levels dropped drastically after a thick blanket of clouds covered the entire area. The flights circled the sky for about 30 minutes before going to Hyderabad as the visibility did not improve.The Jet Airways from Hyderabad hovered for over half an hour before the pilot took a decision to return causing inconvenience to scores of passengers. \"Due to the harsh weather and poor visibility, the flights could not be landed. We could not put the passengers' lives in jeopardy as the visibility levels were very low,\" an airport official told TOI. The Jet Airways flight was to land at 12 pm.Earlier, a SpiceJet flight, which was scheduled to land here at 10.40 am, also returned as the runway visual range (RVR) dropped to the lowest level. The airport has a new terminal building, which was inaugurated recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14798023", "title": "Jury announced for DSC Prize for South Asian Literature 2013", "text": "NEW DELHI: K Satchidanandan will be chair of the jury for DSC Prize for South Asian Literature, 2013. With him on the panel will be Pakistani writer and critic, Muneeza Shamsie; Rick Simonson from the Seattle-based Elliot Bay Book Company; Director of the Kathmandu Literary Jatra, Suvani Singh; and Irish/Canadian cultural entrepreneur Eleanor O Keeffe.The US $50,000 DSC Prize recognizes works of fiction from across the globe that highlight South Asia, its people, culture and diaspora. The third edition of the prize has received more than 80 entries, a 30% increase over the previous year, say DSC Prize authorities. Entries for the 2013 edition have come in from 36 publishers worldwide and from countries such as India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Bhutan as well as leading publishers from UK, USA and Australia. As in the previous years, several translated entries have come in. Translation is encouraged and where the prize-winning entry is in translation, half the reward money goes to the translator.Speaking about the role of the Jury, K Satchidanandan, chair of the jury said, \"It gives me immense pleasure to have been invited to join an international jury of eminent writers and critics to choose a work of fiction that imaginatively recreates life in South Asia in its great diversity and vitality, its beauty and agony. I am particularly happy that the works under consideration include not only writing in English that is doubtlessly flourishing in Asia today but also translations from a variety of languages about whose inexhaustible creativity I have never been in doubt.\"Reading through the submissions over three and a half months, the five-member Jury will announce a longlist in October in New Delhi. The Shortlist will be unveiled in November in London and the winner will be announced in January, 2013, at the DSC Jaipur Literature Festival.The first DSC Prize for South Asian Literature was won by HM Naqvi for Home Boy in 2011; the 2012 one was claimed by Shehan Karunatilaka for Chinaman: The Legend of Pradeep Mathew .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14786686", "title": "Pak hospitality leaves Indians awestruck", "text": "NEW DELHI: The relief aircraft which travelled to Nawabshah airport in Sindh, Pakistan was supposed to refuel itself for the return journey as well as the stranded plane. But in their haste, Indian officials forgot to carry something called the 'Shell' card with which they would have paid for the fuel.Pakistan came to the rescue. PIA officials spoke to DGCA and Air India here and it was PIA that forked out the cost of the fuel that was needed for both planes. \"They did everything,\" said an Indian official. \"We couldn't have asked for more.\"The Air India plane AI-940 had landed in deserted Nawabshah airport around 3 am after emergency procedures were set in motion. Air India authorities instantly alerted the foreign office in New Delhi and the Indian high commission in Islamabad.Foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai spoke to Sharat Sabharwal, India's high commissioner in Islamabad, while senior officials here spoke to Salman Bashir, Pakistan's high commissioner-designate in Delhi. The foreign office in Islamabad was roused as well.Indian officials involved in the rescue operation said the Pakistani system worked at lightning speed. The DGCA was given speedy flight clearances from Pakistani civil aviation authorities. Their interior ministry even offered to give all 126 passengers and six crew members interim visas for Pakistan if they needed to stay for an extra day while the plane was repaired.After the passengers landed, MEA special secretary Ashok Tomar said, \"I just want to say that the flight with the passengers has just landed as also the original flight AI-940 with the baggage is on its way back and should be landing soon. The aircraft and the passengers got good cooperation from the Pakistani authorities and we are happy this situation has ended now and passengers are back.\"Passengers were very well treated by the Pakistani authorities. They had to get the equipment necessary for getting the problem sorted out, so the engineers had to go and put things together. Pakistani authorities were very positive and helpful.\"Pakistani hospitality was extended to all the passengers who were given food and water at the airport. For Indian officials, the credit for the ease with which the rescue operation went off was attributable to the Pakistani side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14776878", "title": "Bad sport on centre court", "text": "There are many things that Andy Murray is known for. His ground strokes are extraordinary and he is often pegged as one of the finest counter punchers today. He is the only British player to reach the Wimbledon men's singles final after Bunny Austin in 1938. But there's one more thing, which is not so flattering, and that's his poor sportsmanship on and off the court.On Sunday, while a calm Roger Federer made his way to a win after a first set loss to the Brit, Murray was overcome by emotions, and on the verge of losing his cool. The contrast in the two players was evident, even after the match. Call it the pressure of losing in front of a large local crowd, or the idea of losing to the oldest man after Andre Agassi in a Grand Slam final, or the plain old Murray trait; the weeping Brit walked off the court after a thank you aimed at the crowd and what seemed like a jab at his opponent, aimed at Federer's age of course.NOT THE FIRST TIMEMurray's reaction to the Grand Slam loss isn't his first emotional breakdown. On more than one occasion, Murray has had to take back his words or apologise in public for his behaviour on and off the court. In 2006, he caused uproar during a match between him and Kenneth Carlsen. Murray was first given a warning for racket abuse and had reportedly said later that he and Carlsen had \"played like women\" during the first set. The Brit was quick to follow-up his comments with an apology after being booed and told the media it was \"said in jest\".ALL IN JESTPrior to Wimbledon 2006, Murray was quoted as saying he would \"support anyone but England\". He received many hate mails on his website and the British weren't too happy with him either. It was also reported that he'd worn a Paraguay shirt on the day of England's World Cup match with the South American team. Like the last time, this time too, Murray confessed that his comments were simply \"said in jest\" during a light-hearted interview with a sports journalist.TAKEN OUT OF CONTEXTIn 2007, in the wake of the investigation surrounding Nikolay Davydenko, Murray had suggested that tennis had a match-fixing problem. He stated that everyone knows that it goes on. Davydenko and Rafael Nadal questioned his comments, but Murray responded that his words had been taken out of context. Next year, Murray withdrew from a Davis Cup tie, leading some to question his decision, made in personal interests, despite the clay court season just around the corner. It also made his brother question whether his heart was in the competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14791620", "title": "Batalvi, Paash top", "text": "LUDHIANA: Punjabis settled in Canada are enjoying a rare treat at a book fair in Surrey that has on offer a range of literature from back home. Works of Jaswant Singh Kawal, Nanak Singh, Shiv Kumar Batalvi, Paash, Gulzar, Dr Jagtar, Dr Ajaib Singh, Ninder Gugnianvi, Dalbir Singh and Harinder Singh Chahal among others have been drawing crowds from other states of Canada too.The fair has been organized by Ludhiana-based publisher Satish Gulati, who has been organizing such exhibitions for the last nine years in different states of Canada and United States of America. Satish said in Canada, Punjabis of all age groups have been showing a lot of interest in reading literature from their motherland. \"They are interested in both fiction and non-fiction works. Autobiographies and progressive literature is particularly fascinating them,\" he said.During a book fair organized by Ludhiana-based publisher Satish Gulati in Canada, he found out that people were interested in reading novels by Kawal, apart from and Dr Ajaib Singh's 'Jeewan de gujhe bhet' and 'Gian da sagar'.Observing the buying trends of the NRIs, Satish also said many teenagers display deep affection for Punjabi language and its literature. \"Kids are eager to learn and their parents are eager to teach. I think Punjabis in Canada are more committed to vernacular literature and have a rich culture of reading. So, it's not uncommon to see people carrying a book while on the road and reading whenever they have some time. Dalbir's Jagat 'Tamasha', Paash's poetry and Dr Jagtar's ghazals are also favourites of those visiting the book fair,\" he said. Satish added that Sufi works by Bulleh Shah, Ghulam Farid, Waris Shah and Shah Hussain have also been causing a stir. After Surrey, the book fair will be organized in Calgary and later on in California in US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14790846", "title": "Engineering quota for vocational course students fails purpose", "text": "CHENNAI: The state's policy of reserving engineering seats for students in vocational groups is being questioned, with academics saying that students are unable to complete the course.Academics felt that these students, who secure high marks in Class 12 after replacing physics with a vocational subject like machining or fitting, are unable to handle the academic rigour of an engineering course in college.Almost all the students who applied to take part in the vocational counselling in Anna University in the last three days have signed up for an engineering course in government, aided or self-financing colleges. Officials said that a few even opted for an IT course even though they specialised in a civil engineering course, though they were completely out of touch with the subject.\"In the past, students haven't been able to clear their papers every year, and struggle to complete the course at the end of four years,\" said educational consultant P Moorthy Selvakumaran. Academics said that with engineering involving a lot of physics concepts it's very difficult for students who don't study physics in higher secondary to understand what is going on in both the theory and practical sessions.School principals said that some students opt for a vocational course because it was easier to score high marks in the Class 12 board exams and because there would be much lesser competition for an engineering seat in this category. \"You cannot get into any other reserved category of your own choice, like in the physically disabled quota, community-wise reservation, or ex-serviceman quota. This is the only category that a student can opt for through his choice of subjects, so some students did that to secure a seat in a good college,\" said a school principal who did not wished to be named.Over the last couple of days, 1,846 students have secured seats in government, aided and self-financing colleges through the vocational counselling. While the government has allocated 100 seats in government and aided colleges, and an additional 4% of the seats in self-supporting courses in aided colleges and self-financing colleges, Anna University refused to admit vocational group students in the constituent colleges from 1999. Some said that the reason is because the students could not cope up. Before 1999 Anna University insisted that vocational group students also sit for the common entrance test for admission to engineering colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14791925", "title": "My city is known for its religious festivities", "text": "INDORE: Indore, where I was born and bought up, gives me a sense of sharing and togetherness which I love most. The people here are very hospitable and the best part is that people from all parts of India with different faiths live here peacefully and progress.I am proud to say that my city is famous for its temples and religious activities that run about round the year rather than its night life.It is known for its architectural splendor and the tales of the glorious past are narrated by these splendid historical monuments that cast a magical spell on the visitors. The region was ruled by the Marathas in the 17th and 18th century, which was when the Malwa culture developed.Indore became a centre of trade and commerce and gradually people from all parts of the country migrated and settled here. The city showcases a very good multi-ethnic/cosmopolitan fabric of the society known for its history and its status as the financial/commercial, cultural, manufacturing, education, health-care, and transportation hub of central India. Indore is the biggest centre for soybean processing in the country.The city is one of the richest cities in central India also known as \"mini Mumbai\" among native people, due to its lifestyle similarities with Mumbai. It also reflects Mumbai's potpourri of culture, with significant Marathi, Gujarati, Marwari and Sindhi populations. Travel to Indore city will present a blissful blend of the past and the future.Geographically, Indore located in the heart of India on the southern end of the Malwa plateau, has a pleasant weather. The hot summer days inevitably give way to a gentle cool breeze (also referred to as Shab-e-Malwa) in the evenings!!Indore is the only city in the country to have campuses of both the Indian Institute of Management (IIM) and the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT). It is fast emerging as a center of learning with increasing influx of students.Indore is progressing fast and is famous for its food, festival and handicrafts. So, I always tell people if you want to unwind and spend some quality time with your family, Indore is the best place.(Karan Mittal, an industrialist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14792658", "title": "Learn English for better nursing career: Ramdas", "text": "BANGALORE: What's holding back nursing students from competing for a good job? Lack of knowledge in English, said medical education minister SA Ramdas.\"Although nurses from India are in demand, language is a hindrance. This can impede young graduates,\" said Ramdas. He inaugurated online counseling for students of diploma in general nursing and midwifery (GNM) course on Monday, and said an English-speaking course will be integrated in the syllabus.In a big relief to students who enrolled for the three-year programme, the minister said: \"Those finishing the course will get a job immediately. Two nurses will be deployed in each of the primary health centres in rural areas with a monthly salary of Rs 15,000.\"ONLINE COUNSELLINGCounselling for the GNM course went online from this year. Students flocked to Victoria Hospital premises on Monday to pick a seat and college of their choice; 2,661 seats are available under the government quota. The session will continue till July 14; 3,170 students from across the state are expected.IN NUMBERSNumber of government nursing colleges --- 12 --- 441 seatsNumber of private nursing colleges --- 412 -- 2,220 seats under government quota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14788682", "title": "\u2018Enforce strict laws, adopt self-protection measures\u2019", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The attempt to abduct and molest a schoolgirl on Sunday has left parents and school authorities in the city shocked.Teenage writer Megha Rao of Government Model Girls Higher Secondary School, Pattom, said that there should be strong laws to ensure punishment for those committing crimes against women. \"Despite so many movements for women's equality and liberalization, such incidents indicate the persistence of male chauvinism in our society,\" said Megha. She also suggested that schools should come up with initiatives to conduct free martial arts training classes.Achsah George, a class 12 student of Nirmala Bhavan Higher Secondary School said that girls should equip themselves with tiny weapons like safety pins and blades to counter the attackers. Karthiyani V S, a Plus One student of Holy Angels Convent said that good presence of mind is crucial in such circumstances. However, her friends Greeshma P Jose and Sally Marion felt that screaming for attention might not always help.Asha Annie George, headmistress of St Mary's Higher Secondary School suggested that the students were the safest when escorted by their parents. \"But it's not always possible. The next best thing is to walk in groups,\" she said. She said the school protection group, which was recently launched in her school, can be helpful. The group has representatives from the school, residents association and merchants. \"The shops and even autorickshaw drivers have been asked to be vigilant and report to the group in case of emergency,\" she added.Mini S, principal of Cottonhill GHSS, said presence of mind is crucial in such situations. Cold response from city policeThough cases on molestation attempts against women in public places are rising, the police still maintain that these are isolated incidents and do not warrant special treatment.\"There are mechanisms like patrolling and surveillance cameras in place. The present strength of the force does not allow us to dedicate special time and manpower for any special cause,'' said city police commissioner T J Jose. However, he added that the police will not show any laxity in investigating such cases and bringing the offenders before the law.Meanwhile, some police officers said that they regularly monitor all educational institutions, especially girls' schools and colleges after class hours. But this surveillance lasts only less than an hour, until the students leave the campus, the inspectors said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14787856", "title": "Jagatveer Singh Drona get support from minority dominated areas", "text": "KANPUR: The victory of Jagatveer Singh Drona had proved that Muslims are not against BJP and the community is not the sole vote bank of Congress or Samajwadi Party .Drona got support from Muslim dominated localities like Beconganj, Chamanganj and Babupurwa. Bharatiya Janata Party leaders claimed that it was a good beginning. The minority community had started posing faith in BJP.According to data released by the election office, Drona obtained 833 votes against Congress candidate Pawan Gupta, who bagged 1,501 votes in Beconganj. At Parade, BJP received support from 738 people while Gupta obtained 2,612 votes. At Babupuwa, Drona got 711 votes in comparison to Pawan Gupta's tally of 3,526 votes.BJP leader Surendra Maithani said that it was good beginning and it shows Muslims had started contemplating the pros and cons and the role of Congress party. Trend shows that they were not merely blind follower of Congress or any other party.Congress candidate Pawan Gupta was much disappointed at Macrobertganj and Safipur ward. The details for Macrobertganj shows that Drona got 2,223 votes out of 4,426 votes while the Congress candidate got merely 168 votes. Even independent candidate Amarnath outshone Gupta as he received 206 votes.In Safipur ward, Congress candidate got support from 128 people. Drona got 1,447 votes. Defeat at ward number 40 (Ompurwa) was unexpected for Congress candidate as it was the area of minister Sri Prakash Jaiswal . Here, Gupta trailed Drona by 315 votes.BSP's support base Harijan basti, Govindnagar also expressed faith on BJP. Drona received 2,162 votes while Congress got 1,286 votes. In Begumpurwa and Nazirbagh wards, where BJP was at the receiving end, it managed to obtain 168 and 284 votes respectively. Congress candidate crossed 2,500 mark at both the places.Some Congress stalwarts claimed that Independent candidates had spoiled the chances of Pawan Gupta . The votes received by Independent candidates Rashid Anwar (7,658), Aftab (11,411), Iqbal (5,200), Mohammad Sarvar (6,336) and Subhashini (5,948) were enough to change the equation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14787500", "title": "Talasha disappointed but determined to chase dream", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's swimming sensation, Talasha Prabhu's Olympic dreams is certainly over for now, thanks to a bout of chronic diarrhea that forced her to sit out the event even after making it the venue for the final qualifying round in Rome .However, the dapper waterbaby has now decided to improve on her weak points as she aspires to become the first ever Goan girl to achieve honours at the highest level in world swimming.Talasha, who came close to being the first goan swimmer to make it to the Olympics was pretty disappointed for missing the Olympic bus just when it was well within her grasp.\"Yes..at that moment in time, I was really disappointed. I thought my luck was bad, but then I thought again, I'm still young and I have ample time on my hands,\" said Talasha.Right now the 19-year-old is focusing on the forthcoming Senior Nationals to be held in Pune in October. She is training hard under the watchful eyes of coach Pradeep Kumar in Bangalore.Talasha is also toying with the idea of going to the US for training. \"Training in the US is my dream,\" she added.Talasha surprised all when she clocked 26secs at the Time Trial for Asian age group swimming championship last year in Bhopal . That was when she realised she had the potential to go higher in the sport.But a year later, realization dawned that only regular training and participation in international meets will help her achieve her goal.Due to stringent deadlines last year for the events in India, her coach directed her to drop plans of training abroad as there was not enough time for her to acclimatize.Apart from targeting the nationals, Talasha is also keen on appearing for her Boards. \"She missed answering her exams this March as she was participating in a meet in Singapore . So she now plans to appear for her exams this year,\" said Berna, Talasha's mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "14791020", "title": "Karnataka Silk Industries Corporation may open outlet in Belgaum", "text": "BELGAUM: The Karnataka Silk Industries Corporation (KSIC) is considering opening its outlet in Belgaum. The response to KSIC exhibitions in Belgaum has been overwhelming, say officials.\"KSIC has discontinued selling saris through dealers and instead has been opening its outlets in the state and across the country. At present KSIC had opened 16 outlets in various parts of the state,\" said PM Chandrasekharaiah, deputy manager, personnel and industrial relations, KSIC.The response for Mysore silk products has been encouraging and this prompted us to think of opening an outlet, explained Chandrasekharaiah.To cater to the middle and lower class, KSIC plans to manufacture soft silk clothes in Channapatna at its defunct factory. The government has already sanctioned Rs 6crore for the project and the Board has approved the same. If all goes well, then it will be set up by the end of this year. The saris will range from Rs 4,000 to Rs 6,000.Exhibition in city The KSIC is having a three-day exhibition-cum-sale of Mysore silk products at Kannada Sahithya Bhavan, Channamma Circle here.It offers installment scheme for government employees. KSIC has showcased a collection of designer crepe, Kasuthi, georgettes and printed saris, kurtis, scarves and ties.KSIC has obtained Geographical Indication Registration for Mysore silk. The exhibition was inaugurated by Basavaraj Kambi, Deputy Director, Information Department. The exhibition will conclude on July 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14790882", "title": "Maval firing report likely by July end", "text": "PUNE: The Justice M G Gaikwad (retd) committee, which is probing Maval firing incident of 2011, will submit its inquiry report to the state home department by the end of July.The committee will give its say on whether the police firing on protesting farmers, which killed three people, was justified and if proper procedure was followed to maintain law and order.Committee secretary K D Patil told TOI on Monday that Justice Gaikwad has been given an extension till July 31. However, Patil did not specify the date when the report will be submitted to the additional chief secretary (home).Patil said the committee has suo-motu examined 35 medical officers of various hospitals to produce records of agitators killed or injured. The medical officers were examined as they had not filed affidavits when the committee had appealed to people to provide information about sequence of events which led to the firing. Patil said they received 186 affidavits from Maval farmers, police officials, district administration and others, but the evidences of 91 important witnesses were examined.Maval farmers' lawyer examined 30 witnesses, including 15 medical officers, while the district administration examined four witnesses including district collector, Maval sub-divisional officer, Maval tehsildar and Avinash Surve, superintending engineer of irrigation department.The Pune rural police examined 57 witnesses including former superintendent of police (Pune rural) Sandeep Karnik, former additional superintendent of police Ramnath Pokale, drivers and conductors of buses and owners of private vehicles and officials maintaining the Pune-Mumbai expressway. The committee did not examine independent witnesses, Patil added.The inquiry started on January 30 concluded on May 19. The arguments of lawyers Vinayak Abhyankar, Sushilkumar Pise and Vilas Pathare representing Maval farmers, the committee counsel Sadanand Deshmukh, Pune rural police counsel Sureshchandra Bhosale and Chinmay Bhosale and district administration counsel D D Shinde started on May 28 and concluded on June 6.Three farmers, including a woman, were killed in police firing near Baur village on the Pune-Mumbai expressway on August 9, 2011. They were protesting against acquisition of their land for a water pipeline from Pavana dam to Nigdi in Pimpri Chinchwad. Soon after the protest, the police booked around 1,400 people for attempted murder and rioting.The incident had rocked the assembly and Parliament and six policemen were suspended for damaging vehicles. The home department had later suspended two police officers for opening fire on the villagers from a close range.Home minister R R Patil had ordered a judicial probe by a retired high court judge into the police firing. Karnik, who was in-charge of security during the Maval agitation had later sought transfer as he thought that people may misread his continuance in his present posting as a hindrance to the probe into the police firing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "two arrested with revolver", "code": "14791149", "title": "Two arrested with firearm, cartridges", "text": "Two arrested with revolver: Two gangsters from Tajia gang were arrested with a revolver and four cartridges on Saturday night. The accused duo was produced before a court on Monday which granted them three-day remand. A team of local crime branch officials of Jamnagar police caught the duo.The accused were identified as Vasim Maghupotara alias Chhotio, 24, a resident of Rajkot, and Bipin Gohel, a resident of Khodiyarpara-2 on Gondal Road in Rajkot. \"Both the accused were arrested on Saturday night, following a tip-off about them roaming with a gun on Saibaba Mandir Road in Dhrol. The seized revolver is worth Rs 1 lakh. Apart from that, we have also seized a motorcycle on which they were roaming the streets,\" said an LCB official. Both Vasim and Bipin are historysheeters involved in a series of robbery and theft cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14792378", "title": "3 burglars held, Rs 8L worth property seized", "text": "Three burglars were arrested and Rs eight lakh worth stolen property was recovered from their possession on Sunday. The Musheerabad police arrested Mohammed Aqeeluddin, Mazhar and Syed Hussain of Aliabad. During a routine vehicle-checking near the Musheerabad police station on Sunday night, police intercepted a bike on which the trio was moving.When they were frisked, police found Rs 90,000 cash and a gold chain. They were immediately taken into custody.During interrogation, the trio confessed that they had committed 15 burglaries in the last few months in Musheerabad, Mahankali, Charminar and several other areas on the outskirts and even robbed a readymade garment showroom in Charminar a week ago.Based on their confession, police recovered 20 tolas of gold and Rs 2.5 lakh cash from their houses on Monday. The trio were produced before court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14792248", "title": "3 ex-Naxals arrested", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Alwal police arrested four persons, including three former naxalites, for their alleged involvement in extortion cases. Police seized a 6 mm pistol, five live rounds and two bikes from their possession.Police arrested P Anjaiah, 32, of Lakdaram village, Ramesh Reddy, 34, of Rudraram, Harikrishna Reddy, 35, of Dukampur and Srinivas, 31, of Jakkampet in Medak district. While Srinivas was a pseudo naxalite, the other three were surrendered naxalites. According to the Alwal police, Anjaiah worked with Giraipally dalam and the other two worked with Dubbaka dalam in the 90s.Acting on a specific alert, the Alwal police intercepted an auto and a bike near Green Fields Colony in Kanojiguda and arrested them in the early hours of Monday.Police found a 6 mm Chinese-made pistol and five live rounds in their possession. \"The gang was involved in several land settlement and extortion cases in the city. We nabbed them while they were on the way to Alwal for a land settlement,\" Alwal inspector N Pushpan Kumar said. Police registered a case under the Arms Act against the four and produced them in court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14791441", "title": "Girls suffer from maths anxiety more than boys", "text": "LONDON: Girls often fail to do just as well at math as boys because of heightened fear and apprehension over number problems, a new study has claimed. The study, published in the journal Behavioral and Brain Functions, found that a number of school-age children suffer from mathematics anxiety, but girls' maths performance is more likely to suffer than boys as a result.Mathematics anxiety is a state of discomfort associated with performing mathematics tasks and is thought to affect a notable proportion of both children and adults, having a negative impact on their mathematics performance.In the study, researchers from Cambridge University in the UK investigated 433 secondary school children whether mathematics anxiety has any effect on mathematics performance on boys and girls. The researchers controlled for test anxiety, a related construct, but which isn't typically controlled for in mathematics anxiety studies.They found children with higher mathematics anxiety have a lower mathematics performance, and girls showed higher levels of mathematics anxiety than boys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14786026", "title": "Good draw boosts Tom Thomas in the Maharashtra Badminton League", "text": "AURANGABAD: A decent show in the Maharashtra Badminton League (MBL) followed by back-to-back double crown in the district open tournaments recently meant Tom Thomas is riding high on confidence.It is perhaps now the right time for Tom that he should make his form count and start making a mark in the state tournament as well.Though, Tom was down last week with high fever and still recovering from it, a glance at the draw must have cheered him up.\" Yes , I got a fairly good draw. I should at least make it to the quarterfinals in both singles and doubles. The only worry is for me is that I am feeling lot of weakness in my body due to heavy dose of medicine. I was bed-ridden for a week and could not practice. I even considered withdrawing but since it is a ranking tournament, I thought I must take part,\" Tom told TOI on Monday.The six-time Nagpur district men's singles champion practiced at the venue for an hour in the morning. \"It was for the first time in ten days, I entered the court. Now, I am feeling lot better and hopefully will be able to give my best,\" quipped Tom.After a couple of easy rounds, Tom is slated to meet Amey Joshi of Pune in the third round. The 24-year-old is then expected to meet top seed Sagar Chopda in the quarters. Tom will partner Pune's Harshad Bhagwat for the first time in the doubles. The new pair shouldn't have any problems till the quarters.Jayendra Dhole, who also has a decent draw, will partner Pune's Sanket Shirbhate in the men's doubles.In the women's section, former district champion Varada Dixit and young Avanti Badhe are competing but they are unlikely to make any inroads. Varada has a bye in the first round but faces talented Pune youngster Kalyani Limaye in the second round. Even if she gets the better of Kalyani, Varada will run into top seed Anuradha Shrikhande in the quarters.Avanti's second round will be against Shruti Mundada and overcoming Pune southpaw will be a tough task for the city shuttler.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14787598", "title": "Deposit Rs 10L for Jannat 2 release: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Monday asked producers of the movie Jannat 2, which is due for satellite TV release, to ensure that Rs 10 lakh is deposited in court if they want to go ahead with the TV release.The HC also asked the producers to submit the movie's DVD in court to enable the judges to see for themselves whether there were any similarities between the film and a script by petitioner Kapil Chopra, which he claimed he had sent to who claims that Jannat 2 is based purely on his 150-page script registered in 2008 by the Film Writers Association and which he had emailed to the director, Kunal Deshmukh.The producer denied there was any similarity while Chopra's lawyer Rashmin Khandekar said the young script writer ought to be compensated for his efforts. The court adjourned the matter to July 18 for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14788591", "title": "Road pricing helps decongest traffic", "text": "NEW DELHI: In Singapore, when you drive down from Woodlands to Raffles Place via Yishun during peak hours, a beep on the lower right hand side of your windscreen will tell you that the ride cost you 15 Singapore dollars. During lunch time, the charge would be only 2 Singapore dollars. Now, Singapore's Land Transport Authority (LTA) is planning to introduce real-time variable pricing by using historical traffic data and real-time feeds with flow conditions that will help predict the extent of congestion up to an hour in advance.Singapore introduced a road congestion tax way back in 1975 and implemented it first through the Area Licensing System which levied a flat charge on all vehicles entering the central business district. In 1998, this was replaced by the Electronic Road Pricing (ERP) system which leverages technology to allow for a more effective and flexible method of congestion charging. The Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) technology used also allows automatic deduction of the charge on any vehicle passing a road pricing gantry.The LTA reported that road traffic has decreased by nearly 25,000 vehicles during peak hours, with average road speeds increasing by about 20 per cent. Within the restricted zone, traffic has gone down by about 13 per cent during ERP operational hours, with vehicle numbers dropping from 2,70,000 to 2,35,000. Car pooling has increased while the hours of peak vehicular traffic have also gradually eased, suggesting a more productive use of road space. Average road speeds for expressways and major roads have remained the same, despite rising traffic volumes.The process of levying the tax is automatic. A device known as an in-vehicle unit (IU) is fixed on the lower right corner of the front windscreen within sight of the driver. A stored-value cash card is inserted into it for payment. The tax gets deducted depending on location and time. It is mandatory for all Singapore-registered vehicles to be fitted with an IU if they wish to use the priced roads.In Delhi, which has 72 lakh registered vehicles, a congestion tax has been a matter of debate. The MCD had proposed the tax while announcing the budget in December last year. It was almost immediately shot down by the BJP as the party was worried about elections.The Singapore LTA is, meanwhile, considering a global navigation satellite system for a second generation ERP. The government has also invested heavily in public transportation and implemented a park-and-ride scheme, with 13 fringe car parks, providing car users a real alternative to switch travel modes. As a result, despite having one of the highest per capita incomes in Asia, only 32 per cent of Singaporean households owned cars in 2010.It is important for Delhi to first establish a robust and dependable public transport system as a viable alternative for those switching from private vehicles to public modes of transport before it can consider something like a congestion tax. Director of Unified Traffic &amp; Transportation Infrastructure (Planning &amp; Engineering) Centre (UTTIPEC) Ashok Bhattacharjee says: \"Positive measures like a good public transport system are needed to provide support to commuters. Higher parking charges besides a well-connected public transport system, which is readily accessible, efficient and reliable, with good frequency, is urgently required.\"The ERP system has attracted the attention of transport planners and managers in other metropolitan areas, particularly in Europe and US. London introduced a congestion charge in February 2003 after its officials visited Singapore. In Stockholm, a congestion tax is levied on most vehicles entering and exiting the central part of the city. In 2007, Dubai implemented a corridor congestion pricing scheme which works on a similar principle. These steps remain controversial and other cities have failed to implement them for many reasons. For example, Hong Kong first conducted a pilot test for ERP bewtween 1983 and 1985 with positive results. However, public opposition against the move stalled its implementation.A key aspect of demand management in Singapore is curbing vehicle ownership, either through imposition of high ownership costs or restriction on the actual growth of car population. These measures, that were introduced in the 1970s, have included high annual road tax, custom duties and vehicle registration fees.The supply of motor vehicles too has been regulated since 1990 through a vehicle quota system under which ownership requires a certificate of entitlement (valid for 10 years). The system is based on categories of vehicles differentiated by engine size.Further, use-related charges such as fuel taxes (which are 50 per cent of the final sale price) and high parking rates are resorted to by the authorities to check travel via private transport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14791158", "title": "Officials keep the momentum going", "text": "MYSORE: Monday saw government officials cycling to work. Promoted by deputy commissioner P S Vastrad, officials of the district administration and Muda pedalled to work for the third consecutive Monday.Two women employees of mines and geology, Padmaja and K G Sowmya bought new cycles to give the campaign a further push. They pedalled all the way from their homes in Vijayanagar and Hebbal. \"I used to ride cycle in my college days. Cycling to office was a thrilling experience,\" said K G Sowmya.\"Though I was tired after riding some distance, I felt happy when I was nearing office. Cycling is not only eco friendly but also healthy\" said Padmaja.MUDA commissioner C G Betsurmath cycled to office. Additional DC Naga Naik cycled along with his personal secretary from his residence in Vijayanagara. Horticulture department joint director K R Krishnaiah, public education department deputy director B K Basavaraju and others officials of the zilla panchayat also cycled to work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14788883", "title": "Final list today, classes next week", "text": "MUMBAI: After almost three years, academic session in most of the prominent city colleges is expected to start from July 16 as the third and final list will be out on Tuesday. Many claimed that they have only a handful of for junior college seats left after the second round of admissions that ended on Saturday.Principal T A Shiware of KPB Hinduja College said that after the third and final list will be out , most of the colleges would have filled their seats. \"There are a handful of seats left which will be filled in the last round. Usually after the second round, students do not tend to go for cancellations and admissions stabilize,\" he said. At the end of the second round, only 20,110 students confirmed their seats, while around 51,000 were allotted seats. The education department is expecting close to 30,000 seats to be available for the third round. The third list will be out by 5pm . The bifocal admissions, which will be done by the colleges, will not take much time as there will not be many seats for it, Shiware said.NM College in Vile Parle, which has only 20 seats to surrender to the education department, and HR College of Commerce and Economics that had only eight seats left after the second round will start their sessions by July 16 .St Xavier's' College will be starting their session from July 16 too. \"If not for the online admissions, we could have probably started the session almost three weeks in advance. However, mid-July is also a good sign as we were forced to wait till August to start our session till last year. It will benefit the students too,\" principal Fr Frazer Mascarenhas said. He said the admissions for bifocal courses has to be done within the college and will not take much time.Vijay Joshi, principal of KJ Somaiya College, said the college will start the academic session by July 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14790851", "title": "Police ask Union home ministry to cancel 90 NGO licences", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu police have recommended the Union home department to cancel the licences of more than 90 non-governmental organizations functioning in the state.A senior police officer confirmed that a letter to this effect has been sent through the state home department. NGOs functioning in India should renew their licences once in five years. A recent amendment to the rules has brought NGOs under the scanner of the police department during the licencing process.In every state, special branch CID, 'Q' branch or the organized crime investigation wing, besides the district superintendents of police are given powers to inquire about the NGOs when they seek renewal of licence.Four teams which scrutinised more than 200 applications from NGOs in TN since March have come to the conclusion that nearly 90 are ineligible because of the way in which they spent funds. \"Most of the NGOs were found to have suspicious dealings. Many of these NGOs did not maintain proper accounts and were not using money for the purpose they were meant for,\" a police officer said.\"We are verifying the beneficiaries mentioned by the NGOs. Some NGOs were found to have used more than 80% of the funds for administration purpose and only the remaining money was used for the beneficiaries,\" the officer said.An NGO office bearer said they file audit reports every year. \"We can spend 40% of the funds raised through Foreign Contribution Regulation Act (FCRA) for administration,\" he said.India has more than 40,000 registered NGOs' under the FCRA. Some of them came under scrutiny recently after the anti-Kudankulam protests spurred Union ministers to blame NGOs. In February this year, the Centre cancelled the licences of three NGOs for supporting anti-nuclear protestors at Kudankulam, which brought the work to a grinding halt for more than six months.The aim of the central government is to make this vast sector of civil society activists, who receive public funds, more accountable and transparent. The government had issued show-cause notices to 21,000 NGOs which were found to be not complying with the norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14788892", "title": "Kakkar's family hopes wait for justice will end soon", "text": "MUMBAI: Karankumar Kakkar's family is convinced that with the crime branch probing his murder, they will get justice. The family, whose initial complaints about the missing producer were taken lightly by local police, said they have provided all help to the crime branch to build a strong case against the murder accused.Kakkar's brother Hanish said, \"The local police didn't pay heed to my request about my brother's disappearance, otherwise Arunkumar Tikku's killing could have been averted. The crime branch has investigated the case well, which gives us hope to get justice for my brother.\"Vijay Palande and Dhananjay Shinde allegedly killed Kakkar at his rented flat in Andheri's Oberoi Springs on March 5. They chopped his body into pieces and dumped it at Kumbharli ghat near Chiplun. Later, the accused parked Kakkar's BMW in Pune and used his ATM card in Mumbai and Bangkok .When Kakkar didn't answer their calls, his family approached Amboli police and asked them to investigate his disappearance, but with no result. Hanish even managed to get CCTV footage from a Malad mall where Palande and Shinde had used Kakkar's ATM card. But the Amboli police didn't bother to investigate it and sat on the complaint for a month.Every time Hanish requested the officer to follow up the case, he was told that his brother must have flown out of the country without informing the family and would return back after a few days.Investigations into Kakkar's case started a month later, only when Oshiwara police arrested Vijay Palande, his associates Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh and wife Simran Sood for the murder of businessman Arunkumar Tikku.The case was transferred to the crime branch for further investigation, and it was then that Shinde and Palande who confessed to police that they had killed Kakkar. Palande told police that he had killed Kakkar for his vehicle and valuables. Shinde helped police recover Kakkar's torso from Kumbharli ghat.Kakkar's torso is with the forensic experts for the examination and the family will claim it for the last rites after the examination which will take time. Hanish took his brother's BMW back with him to Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14789670", "title": "Tribals protest to scrap tiger reserve project", "text": "COIMBATORE: Hundreds of people from 19 tribal dominated village panchayats under Bhavani Sagar constituency, took to the streets of Sathyamangalam on Monday, demanding the closure of the proposed tiger reserve project in what used to be Veerappan's lair.The protest was organized by CPI's tribal wing Pazhamkudi Makkal Sanghom., had turned remarkable due to the larger turn out of tribals, who normally remain an elusive community.Traffic in the entire region was disrupted till late in the evening. as the protestors moved around urgingThe protesters want the state government to withdraw its letter of recommendation to the Union government branding the wildlife sanctuary as a tiger reserve.Thenkasi MP P Lingam inaugurated the protest near the Sathyamangalam bus stand.saying the party would stand solidly behind the tribals in their fight to live with dignity. Bhavani Sagar MLA P L Sundaram, Valparai MLA V Arumugam, campaign for Survival and Dignity leader C R Bijoy, CPI Erode district secretary K R Thirunavukarasu, Mudumalai farmers' leader P T Varghese and Nilgiri-based human rights activist M S Selvaraj also addressed the gathering.According to Bhavani Sagar MLA Sundaram, around 5,000 tribals from Thalavadi, Thiganare, Thinkalur, Panakkalli, Naithalpuram, Igalur, Thalamalai, Bainapuram, Hassanur and Germalam village panchayats thronged the venue since morning. The protestors wanted immediate implementation of Forest Rights Act of 2006 and sought permission to collect minor forest produce. They also wanted freedom to transport agricultural products through forest roads and permission to kill wild boars which destroy their farm lands. They also demanded proper compensation for those who suffered losses due to the destruction of crops by wild animals.\"These tribals are the most neglected in the state. Their rights were curtailed a long time ago due to the Veerappan threat. After Veerappan's demise, the forest department had constituted several tribal forest protection committees and they functioned well, collecting and selling minor forest produce till now. Twenty seven such bodies had together made a profit of Rs 64 lakh in the last few years. Now the committees are in crisis as the forest authorities have denied them access to the forests,'' pointed out Sundaram.\"We are not against tiger conservation. But it should not be at the expense of traditional forest dwellers. Denying tribals their right is beyond logic,'' he said. According to him, there would be more severe agitations in the coming days. \"Other than rearing cattle and collecting forest produce, we have no other means of livelihood. Now the department has curtailed all our livelihood means in the name of tiger.It is high time the government scraps the project,'' said Pazhangudi leader P Dorai, one of the organizers of the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14787859", "title": "Devotees offer jalabhishek to Lord Shiva", "text": "KANPUR: Thousands of devotees of Lord Shiva visited various Shiv temples on the first Monday of Shrawan. Hundreds of people observed fast and witnessed special Ganga aarti on the occasion.The devotees offered bel patra, milk and honey in different temples like Anandeshwar temple, Kherepati Temple, Nitteshwar Mahadev temple, Kaleshwar temple and Jageshwar temple. People also offered milk to snakes at various temples.Shrawan is the fifth month of the Hindu calendar. It has a special religious and cultural significance.Significance of Shrawan Somvar is even more for devotees, who observe fast on all the Mondays. In some areas, fasting on Mondays is observed by unmarried women to get a good husband.Rudrabhishek was also held. Fairs, bhajans and kirtans at various temples attracted a large number of worshippers. Devotees worship Satyanarayan during Shravan.During Shravan, festivals like Nagpanchmi, Gokulashtami, Narali Purnima and Raksha Bandhan are also celebrated. Besides, each day of the week, barring Wednesdays, is dedicated to a god or goddess.\"In Shravan, Monday is dedicated to Lord Shiva. Tuesday is the day of Mangalagauri, newly wed Brahmin women worship goddess Parvati on this day. Thursday is dedicated to Dattatray, the trinity god. And devotees worship goddess Laxmi and Shani (Saturn) on Friday and Saturday respectively. On Sundays, non-Brahmin married women worship the sun god,\" said Atul Mishra, a priest.People also believed that the worship of Lord Shiva during Shrawan is 108 times more powerful than worshipping during the normal days. Some devotees read Shiva Purana. Some people have Shivling at home and perform abhishek with water, honey or milk. Devotees, who observe fast, chant Maha Mritunjaya Mantra or Om Namah Shivaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14787774", "title": "Good draw boosts Tom Thomas", "text": "AURANGABAD: A decent show in the Maharashtra Badminton League (MBL) followed by back-to-back double crown in the district open tournaments recently meant Tom Thomas is riding high on confidence.It is perhaps now the right time for Tom that he should make his form count and start making a mark in the state tournament as well.Though, Tom was down last week with high fever and still recovering from it, a glance at the draw must have cheered him up.\"Yes, I got a fairly good draw. I should at least make it to the quarterfinals in both singles and doubles. The only worry is for me is that I am feeling lot of weakness in my body due to heavy dose of medicine. I was bed-ridden for a week and could not practice. I even considered withdrawing but since it is a ranking tournament, I thought I must take part,\" Tom told TOI on Monday.The six-time Nagpur district men's singles champion practiced at the venue for an hour in the morning. \"It was for the first time in ten days, I entered the court. Now, I am feeling lot better and hopefully will be able to give my best,\" quipped Tom.After a couple of easy rounds, Tom is slated to meet Amey Joshi of Pune in the third round. The 24-year-old is then expected to meet top seed Sagar Chopda in the quarters. Tom will partner Pune's Harshad Bhagwat for the first time in the doubles. The new pair shouldn't have any problems till the quarters.Jayendra Dhole, who also has a decent draw, will partner Pune's Sanket Shirbhate in the men's doubles.In the women's section, former district champion Varada Dixit and young Avanti Badhe are competing but they are unlikely to make any inroads.Varada has a bye in the first round but faces talented Pune youngster Kalyani Limaye in the second round. Even if she gets the better of Kalyani, Varada will run into top seed Anuradha Shrikhande in the quarters.Avanti's second round will be against Shruti Mundada and overcoming Pune southpaw will be a tough task for the city shuttler.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14787990", "title": "Rehab symptoms match phosphine poisoning: Hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as police officials and the Chougles deny that pest control was responsible for the deaths of Rameez and Rehab last week, the hospital that treated Rehab has verified that the victim and her family had offered this reason when they came for treatment.Dr Deepak Namjoshi, director of Criticare Hospital in Andheri, who treated Rehab on July 4, confirmed that the family cited pest control as the cause of sickness. \"Rehab was conscious and coherent and said pest control treatment was undertaken. She had begun vomiting at home and said she went to the toilet to throw up. The toilet is adjacent to the room that was fumigated, so perhaps, her symptoms worsened after that,\" he said. That room was locked and so, the \"poison\" perhaps emanated from beneath the door.The hospital performed the Ryle's Tube test to cleanse her stomach. \"Remnants of organophosphorous poisons like Baygon and Tik-20 tend to give off a typical odour. In this case, there was no smell,\" Dr Namjoshi said. \"We asked Rehab if she had inhaled any strong fumes or odours, consumed or been fed something, but she declined. She did not seem afraid.\"Unable to pinpoint the cause, the medical team asked the family about the pesticide used in the treatment. \"The family referred to the contractor and came back to us naming aluminum phosphide as the chemical. We had never come across this poison before, and began to leaf through literature on this substance. It turned out that aluminum phosphide causes phosphine poisoning. When we tallied the symptoms, they drew a perfect match with Rehab's condition,\" said Dr Namjoshi. \"Her blood pressure was low, heart beat was fast and her urine output had fallen.\"Aluminum phosphide is available in tablet form as well, but Rehab reportedly denied having ingested anything. It has no antidote. \"Earlier that day, we expected Rehab to recover. But once the investigation showed she was sinking, we asked the family if it wanted to try out a bigger hospital as a last resort. They shifted her to Kokilaben Ambani that night,\" Dr Namjoshi said.But the police said they did not find any pesticide at the home. \"There was no pest control done in the house a day before Rameez died. We are examining the facts,\" DCP Pratap Dighavkar said. A Versova cop said the family did not mention pest control. \"They said Rameez was being treated for cough and fever,\" he said, ruling out foul play. Earlier, the police had said it would question homoeopath Dr Abdullah Momin, who treated Rameez, to understand the circumstances that led to his death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "14790410", "title": "10 fishermen set to return to Rameswaram today", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Ten fishermen from Rameswaram, who were held by the Sri Lankan navy and were remanded in a prison there, are expected to reach home by Tuesday evening. The Mannar court ordered the release of the fishermen on Monday based on the action drop order received from the attorney general.On June 30, Senthuran, a boat owner from Rameswaram with his crew Ramar, Karupiah, Muniasamy and Senthil went fishing but the boat was caught mid-sea in Palk Straits due to engine failure. As the boat did not return to the shore, fishermen in Rameswaram decided to go on a search operation on July 2. A boat belonging to Kathan and his crew Navasakthi, Raju, Ramakrishnan, Mahatma set out in sea in search of Senthuran and his boat. But both the boats and the fishermen were held hostage by the Sri Lankan navy and were taken to Talaimannar and handed over to the Sri Lankan police.The fishermen were produced before the magistrate and remanded in prison on charges of trespassing. The Mannar court remanded them till July 11 and they were locked in Anuradhapuram prison. The release of the fishermen was delayed as the action drop could not be secured due to the local holidays in Sri Lanka . However, on Friday, the action drop order was issued by the attorney general and it was communicated to the Mannar court. Since the offices were closed for the next two days, Mannar police secured the fishermen from Anuradhpuram prison and produced them before the court, which ordered their release on Monday.U Arulanandam of Alliance for the Release of Innocent Fishermen said that the fishermen were initially remanded till July 11, but after chief minister, J Jayalalithaa wrote a letter to the Prime Minister, the fishermen were released earlier due to our Central government's intervention.\"We received information that they were handed over to the Sri Lankan navy and were kept at Talaimannar base. They will be handed over to the Indian Coast Guard at international maritime boundary line around 11am on Tuesday and they are expected to reach home by that evening,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14789069", "title": "Road rage sparks jam between Aggarwal Dharamshala, Agrasain Chowk", "text": "GURGAON: Following a road rage incident, there was a traffic jam on the stretch between Aggarwal Dharamshala and Agrasain Chowk on Monday afternoon. Four youths beat up a man after his car collided with theirs. All this happened while a traffic police remained a mute spectator.A man, coming from the Civil Hospital side, was going towards Gurudwara Road when his Maruti 800 collided with the Alto in front of him. Four youths came out of the Alto and started arguing with him. Within few minutes, the youths started to beat him up, bringing the traffic to a standstill for more than half an hour. The man in the Maruti 800 might have been a driving learner as the car had an \"L\" on its rear window.\"After beating up the man, the youths asked him to pay for the damages. The four youths fled the scene after locals, who had gathered to mediate, stood up for the victim.% We asked him to file a police complaint against them, but he refused and left the spot,\" said Hariom, an eyewitness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14788541", "title": "Cong accuses MP govt of corruption", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress on Monday intensified its attack on Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan while claiming widespread corruption in the state government.It alleged that the state government was favouring businessmen like Dilip Suryavanshi and Sudhir Sharma, and demanded a CBI inquiry into their dealings.The party claimed that since Chouhan assumed the post of CM, the turnover of Suryavanshi's firms had increased from Rs 13 crore to Rs 5,000 crore. The party also leveled charges of corruption against state BJP office-bearer Sudhir Sharma, who has had a sharp rise as a mining magnate. The Congress said it was odd that an \"ordinary teacher\" had seen such rise in such little time.State BJP leaders have defended Suryavanshi and Sharma by saying that there was nothing wrong with \"honest business\" and nobody should have a problem if someone was legitimately earning money. However, the Congress claims that Sharma's position in the BJP and Suryavanshi's proximity to the CM suggest that their businesses aren't so \"honest\".Congress also charged BJP veteran L K Advani with hypocrisy, saying he had turned a blind eye to corruption in Madhya Pradesh during his nationwide anti-corruption campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri/kolkata", "code": "14787364", "title": "Footballer Mahesh Thapa dies after on-field collision", "text": "JALPAIGURI/KOLKATA: As Mahesh Thapa was rushing to play in a local football tournament on Sunday afternoon in Jalpaiguri, his father Chandra Bahadur coaxed him to have lunch with the rest of the family, as is the custom for the Thapa family at their Racecourse Para residence.\"Forget about football and stay at home today,\" senior Thapa, a retired policeman, had told his son. But Mahesh snatched a piece of meat from his father's plate, asked his parent to keep his share of mutton ready for dinner and went out with his football kit.The 25-year-old became the latest victim of an on-field collision, this time in a local, unauthorised tournament featuring barefooted players. The incident once again brought to the fore the absence of medical facility that should be in place at any level of sport.It was a 'khep' tournament, as it is called in these parts, organized by local clubs in which players are lured from other clubs or localities with an 'appearance' money.Mahesh, who represented Jalpaiguri in junior and sub-junior inter-district competitions, was very much in demand in such tournaments.According to eyewitnesses, Mahesh, who was playing as striker for Chhayachhobi Club, fell unconscious following a collision with Parasmoni Club goalkeeper Sachin Rai in the match under lights at Torolpara, about two kilometres from his home.He was rushed to the district hospital, where he couldn't be admitted as no ICU bed was available.As he was driven to a private nursing home, he breathed his last. The post-mortem, which was carried out on Monday, revealed that Mahesh died of cardiac arrest.\"His condition was very critical but he was alive when he was being taken to the district hospital,\" said a Jalpaiguri District Sports Association official.Chandra Bahadur, however, refused to blame anybody for the loss of the second of his three sons.\"This is an accident. It's my destiny... what else can I say now,\" he murmured, struggling to hold back tears.Deaths in Indian footballSanjib Dutta: 1993 Kannur, KeralaCristiano Junior: 2004 Bangalore, KarnatakaAllebi Djwrey: 2008 Bangalore, KarnatakaVenkatesh: 2012 Bangalore, KarnatakaMahesh Thapa: July 2012 West Bengal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14789168", "title": "Tinted glasses: Cops to intensify drive against cars", "text": "MAPUSA: Following a Supreme Court ruling, Mapusa traffic police are conducting a drive against cars having tinted glasses and dark films and will soon intensify the same.The Mapusa police have managed to book as many as 2,433 cases related to the use of tinted glasses in its jurisdiction since January 2012.\"On an average, Mapusa police issues 150 challans per day for the defaulters using tinted glasses for their cars,\" Mapusa traffic PI Shaikh Salim said. \"Illegal activities are increasing and every second vehicle used in crime is found to be with tinted films,\" he said. Similar drives have also been launched in Panaji , Ponda, Margao and Vasco where a total of 8,400 cases have been booked.The Supreme Court has banned black films of any percentage of tint in its ruling in March 2012. The apex court's judgment said, \"We prohibit the use of black films of any visual light transmission (VLT) percentage or any other material on the safety glasses, windscreens (front and rear) and side glasses of all vehicles throughout the country.\" The court has ruled that traffic police \"shall also remove the black films from the offending vehicles.\"As per instructions of the Supreme Court over the use of tinted glasses, the Mapusa police have launched a massive drive to remove the films.\"In accordance with the apex court's order, we are prosecuting any vehicle owner found with tinted film on the windows,\" Shaikh Salim said. \"We have intensified the drive against the use of the tinted glasses after the SC order came into effect from May 4, 2012,\" he said. In the past week Mapusa traffic police has booked as many as 695 cases and the week earlier they have booked 497 cases of tinted glass.\"All vehicles with any percentage of tinted film have to remove them, challans will be issued and the tinted film removed immediately,\" Shaikh Salim said. \"The defaulters are prosecuted as per the rules provided under the Motor Vehicles Act and a compounding fee of 100 is imposed on the violator and if the vehicle owner resists the removal of tinted film, the car will be immediately impounded,\" he said. PI Shaikh Salim also informed that the drive will continue and police intends to intensify the drive against use of tinted glass in vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14788385", "title": "Infosys picks highest number of engineering talents in Thiruvananthapuram", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Indian IT major Infosys Technologies has offered the highest number of placements to students in major engineering colleges in the state capital during the recently concluded campus recruitment for 2012.Infosys offered placement offers to 364 students in the campus recruitments organized by a consortium of colleges comprising of Sri Chitra Thirunal College of Engineering, LBS Institute of Technology for Women and Government Engineering College, Barton Hill here.Last year, Infosys conducted campus recruitment only at the College of Engineering Trivandrum (CET) and the number of placements offered then was 151.This year, Infosys had to skip campus recruitments at CET as the college authorities opted for companies like Wipro, Cognizant and Accenture for conducting recruitments on the campus on the first day of campus recruitment, said A Samson, who heads the career guidance and placement cell of CET here. This was one of the major reasons for the company to scout for the cream of engineering talents in colleges in the three member consortium.The Accenture could offer only 160 placement offers to students in the above mentioned four engineering colleges this time while it had given as many as 605 placement offers to students in member colleges of the consortium and CET together in 2011.During the campus recruitment this year, the company that offered highest number of placements to CET students was Cognizant technologies with 202 placement offers. It did not visit colleges in the consortium this time. They had scouted for talents in these colleges last year and the number of placements they had given was 202.Sources connected with the campus recruitment drive in engineering colleges in the state say only two or three self-financing engineering colleges in the district could attract companies to their campus. The number of placement offers bagged by students in these colleges was less than 100, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14788888", "title": "DU student reapplies, loses seat", "text": "NEW DELHI: A second year student from a north campus college, aspiring to contest DU Students' Union elections, was caught seeking fresh admission in a college outside the campus.His admission was cancelled on Monday. A BSc physical science student of SGTB Khalsa College filled the centralized registration form again this year and applied to Shivaji College on Friday. According to college sources, the student declared in his form that he is not a DU student and managed to secure admission through the fourth cutoff list.\"The college was later informed that this student is studying in DU and that he has filled wrong information in the admission form. The principal called the student and later, his admission was cancelled,\" said a college official.According to Shivaji College sources, the student said that he skipped his first year exams and might not be eligible to contest the forthcoming elections. So, he sought fresh admission. The principals of both colleges could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14788560", "title": "Electoral compulsions behind Advani\u2019s praise for Modi: Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Monday attacked L K Advani for defending Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi in his blog, arguing that the BJP veteran had come out in support of the CM due to electoral compulsions in his parliamentary seat Gandhinagar.The party also said if any individual intended to take the ruling party head on, he was welcome.\"Advani has been singing paeans of the Gujarat CM on his blog. It is not something which is really unexpected because the electoral math of the parliamentary election cycle has to be individually fettered. After all, he has to go back to Gandhinagar,\" AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said.Congress used the scathing attack on Modi by his detractors in the BJP to counter Advani's praise for the Gujarat CM.Tewari pointed out that when Advani praises Modi, the question arises that who should be believed. \"Former BJP CM Keshubhai Patel says there is no freedom of expression in Gujarat and the state is really under the spectre of dictatorship,\" he said, adding that former BJP general secretary Sanjay Joshi claimed his life was under threat and he was not allowed even to board a train passing through Gujarat.\"And then Advani says his Gujarat CM is being vilified wrongly,\" he said. \"The difficulty is that the entire politics of the BJP and the RSS since its inception is based on disinformation, innuendo and campaign of calumny,\" Tewari said.Attacking the BJP for taking to an \"inexplicable low\" the campaign in the presidential election in 2007 and now, Tewari said the party has also levelled allegations of personal nature against Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in the last eight years of UPA.\"There is a moral hazard in this process of self-certification from the purveyors of falsehood,\" he said, adding that people needed to be aware of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14789304", "title": "Child marriage: Childline to launch Vigilance committees to help tackle child marriage issue", "text": "THRISSUR: In a bid to prevent child marriages in the district, Childline, a foundation for child protection and child rights, is planning to launch 'Child Marriage Vigilance Committees' at the block level. As a first step in this direction, a vigilance committee will be formed in Pazhayannur block from where child marriages are frequently reported.\"Prior to launching these committees, we will conduct a survey in schools to take the estimate of drop outs and incidents of child marriage,\" said M C Jomon, coordinator of Childline in Thrissur.The committees are formed with the support of NRHM ( National Rural Health Mission) and ICDS. These committees will conduct awareness classes among girls and parents on the consequences of child marriages, said Jomon.Incidents of child marriage are reported mainly from rural areas like Varanthirapilly, Cheruthuruthi and Pazhayannur. The Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS) cell in Pazhayannur has reported about child marriages planned in its jurisdiction to the Wadakkanchery first class judicial magistrate court and has sought the court's intervention in the matter. \"In the last six months we have filed seven reports in the court to pre-empt child marriages in Pazhayannur block. Two cases have been reported from Chelakkode,\" said A Saraswathy, child development programme officer (CDPO). While one case is from Vallathol Nagar panchayat, the rest were reported from Chelakkara.Wadakkanchery court officials said all the (seven) marriages were stopped by the intervention of the court. The court also asked police to submit status quo of these marriages. The cases are sub-judice.As per details provided by ICDS, the two girls from Chelakkode whose marriages were fixed are only 16 and 15 years old. Marriage of the 15-year-old was fixed for June 23 last. The marriage date of the other girl is not available with the ICDS. The girl from Cheruthuruthi in Vallathol Nagar whose marriage was fixed is 17 years old. The date of her marriage was also not available, said an ICDS official.The marriage of a 17-year-old from Chelakkara was fixed for May 14 last. The others two from the same place are 16 years old: their marriage was to be held on April 12 last. Yet another girl in the list is from Painkulam in Chelakkara and her marriage was fixed for April 1 last.Most of the girls who enter marital life at an early age are from the Muslim community and their financial background is also not sound, said Saraswathy.\"When we went to the home of a girl whose marriage was fixed, her parents were rude to us. They were not ready to divulge details. They told us they had accepted the proposal fearing that they wouldn't get a good proposal for their daughter again,\" she said.\"We had to rely on schools to get the date of birth of the girls. The sad aspect is that political and community leaders are also not coming forward against this social evil. They are supporting the parents,\" she said. She said even though parents are saying they will not conduct child marriages of their daughters, there are possibilities for conducting it in another place.Reports of child marriages are kept in mosques and police and other officials are not allowed to verify them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14791966", "title": "I will be your mistress forever, Bruni told Mick Jagger", "text": "LONDON: Carla Bruni was so 'hopelessly stuck' on Rolling Stones frontman Mick Jagger that she travelled to Thailand with him just a day after his wife Jerry Hall gave birth to their daughter Georgia, a new book has claimed. In the book titled 'Mick: The Wild Life and Mad Genius of Jagger' , writer Christopher Andersen has detailed the affair which would play a part in ending Jagger's nine year marriage to Hall.Jagger had first laid eyes on Bruni, then a 23-year-old model during The Rolling Stones 1990 Urban Jungle tour when she was dating fellow rocker Eric Clapton . \"I knew Carla would appeal to his eye,\" the Daily Mail quoted Clapton as saying in the book. Clapton is reported to have 'begged' the frontman to stay away from Bruni.\"Please, Mick. Not this one. I think I'm in love,\" he had said. However, an affair soon began between Bruni and Jagger.Bruni's affair with Jagger continued with the rocker even jetting off to Thailand the morning after Hall gave birth to daughter Georgia May in January 1992.The book claims that Jagger and Bruni checked into a luxurious villa in Phuket where they 'weren't hiding' their relationship. Hall remained in England to look after their new born baby, and managed to get through to Jagger by phone where she asked: \"Who are you with? Are you with Carla?\"Jagger denied it, but Hall later 'intercepted a written message from Carla Bruni to Mick Jagger' .The note from Bruni is alleged to have read: \"I'll be your mistress forever\" . Bruni and Jagger started dating in 1992 and broke up seven years later as she grew tired of his excessive womanizing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14789166", "title": "Civic panel slams tax increase, proposes revenue alternatives", "text": "NASHIK: While discussing the civic budget presented by former officiating erstwhile municipal commissioner P Velarasu for 2012-13, the Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) standing committee (SC) on Monday opposed the proposal over increasing property tax.Instead, it proposed levying a commercial tax rate for snall businesses that operate out of residential premises. The committee also proposed to increase the civic body's revenue through measures like allotting NMC galas for local shops according to ready reckoner rates.Standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse held the pre-budget review meeting with the corporations's departmen officials during which the budget proposals were rejected. Nimse said that there would be no hike on house tax and water taxes. He directed deputy commissioner R M Bahiram (anti-encroachment-tax) to conduct a survey of residential properties that were being used for commercial purposes such as beauty parlours, coaching classes, tailoring shops, grocery stores, music classes and professional consulting offices of lawyers, chartered accountants and doctors.\"There are around 1,132 galas owned by the NMC and the administration accepts nominal charges from them. To increase revenue, we have decided to recover charges from these galas according to the ready reckoner rates. But since we don't have accurate details regarding the number of such businesses, a survey will have to be undertaken to help us undertand the numbers, \" Nimse said.The chairman also directed civic commissioner Sanjay Khandare to conduct a survey of farmhouses at the 22 villages lying within NMC limitsm, so they they could be duly registered, for property taxes to be levied on them as well.Nimse also directed the town planning department to provide details of new buildings to the divisional officer when completion certificates are once Building Completion Certificate is issued to them, so that the property department could begin to recover house and water cess taxes from these new constructions.It was also proposed that 23 NMC-owned properties will be developed on a build- operate- and-transfer (BOT) basis. It is believed that the civic body will get an annual revenue of around Rs 70 crore a year from these properties, excluding the amount of deposits.Nimse also said that a survey over having a metro train would be conducted shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14789361", "title": "Lower court judges are fearful: High Court", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has pulled up an additional session judge and chief judicial magistrate of Lucknow judgeship for their unjust attitude in rejecting the bail application of an accused against whom the police levelled serious charge without it being made out from the contents of the FIR. Justice SUZ Siddiqui directed the sessions judge KK Sharma to forthwith convene a meeting of all the judicial officers and ensure that they should administer law, as it is.\"Underneath, there is a current in the society that the subordinate judges are fearful,\" observed Justice Siddiqui, directing the sessions judge to ensure transparency and fearlessness in justice delivery system. The HC further said that the judges should feel secured and ensured of protection of this court in upholding majesty of justice and implementation of rule of law in such fashion that deterioration in the majesty of justice should be eroded, and faith of common man be refurbished in the administration of justice.While granting bail to an accused Rohit Rai, the high court also directed the DGP to take action against the erring police officers of Hazratganj police station within 10 days for their malafide intention to harass the accused Rohit and others under pressure from a senior journalist. \"The whole mischief roams around the police of Hazratganj police station, which mentioned wrong Section just to harass the accused obviously because the FIR was lodged at the instance of a journalist who appears to be godfather of the Hazratganj police,\" observed the HC.Rohit Rai had moved a bail application before the high court pleading that the FIR did not mention the allegation of attempt to murder, but the chief judicial magistrate Rajesh Upadhyay rejected his bail application and further additional session judge (XVI) BL Kesarwani, holding charge of district judge also rejected his bail plea without applying his mind on the facts. According to prosecution case Anil Kumar Pandey, the driver of journalist Hemant Tiwari lodged a report with Hazratganj police on June 8, 2012 that a history sheeter Durgesh Chaurasia along with 4-5 persons broke windscreen of his car with hockey sticks and also advanced threats.Rai's lawyer Arun Sinha argued that from the allegations, it did not come out that the journalist or his driver were assaulted physically, but the police under the pressure added section 307 IPC in the FIR and also register another false case and even are further going to Gangster Act against the accused only to harass the accused person.\"My head hangs with shame to mention that the in-charge sessions judge rejected the bail application without going through the FIR. And, if the CJM had gone through the FIR, he should have mentioned in his rejection order that ingredients of section 307 IPC are not made out,\" observed the HC. HC seeks information on CM's statement  The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Monday directed the state lawyer to obtain instructions from UP government on a PIL seeking disclosure of information regarding action taken by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on his statement that there was scam worth Rs 40,000 crore during Maya regime. The court posted the matter on July 19.The order came from a division bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice SUZ Siddiqui on a PIL filed by Naitik Party through its lawyer CB Pandey. The plea demanded the information should be revealed to the court as well, so that it could issue appropriate direction to punish the guilty and prevent such scams in future. The PIL chiefly based on newspaper reports published in TOI on May 16, 2012, May 18, 2012 &amp; May 31, 2012 stated the CM has said that financial irregularities were prevalent during five year tenure of Mayawati and also said that he would set up a commission to probe into the scams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bagalkot", "code": "14790910", "title": "Woman sentenced to 1-year RI for storing liquor", "text": "BAGALKOT: JMFC court has sentenced a woman to one year rigorous imprisonment and slapped a fine of Rs 10,000 on her for storing illicit liquor at her house.Sayavva Shankar Yankappagol of Hunnur village in Jamkhandi taluk had stored 150 packets of illicit liquor in her house in 2008.In this connection, excise deputy superintendent Shantesh Kamatar had lodged a complaint against the woman at Jamkhandi police station, after which police had filed a chargesheet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14789288", "title": "New Margao CO promises to streamline system with e-governance", "text": "MARGAO: Newly appointed Margao municipal council (MMC) chief officer Srinet Kotwale has promised to streamline the working of the council while assuring that e-governance would be in place within three months and promising that the commissioned garbage treatment plant at Sonsoddo would be ready by April 2013.The former director of Information Technology, in his first posting in South Goa, said that while matters seem to be in place in MMC, there was a huge need for better management and strengthening of the wings (sections) of the municipal administration.Kotwale, who had postings in the Mapusa, Ponda municipalities and the Goa state pollution control board, has stressed that he would see to it that there would be restructuring of the municipal staff and that decentralization would be the key.\"There seems to be a pick and choose habit amongst the staff and I want to structure it and allocate specific duties and wards to the staff members so that they go directly to the concerned ward and need not come to the MMC first,\" said Kotwale, while addressing mediapersons on Monday after taking charge of the post for the first time.Kotwale said that he would see to it that manual attendance was made compulsory until the bio-metric attendance system was tested. He pointed out that the biometric system was time consuming as it took forty seconds per thumb recognition and considering 20 seconds delay between staff members, it would amount to one minute per person to use the biometric system. Kotwale who said that this was his 30th posting, would see that queue system was avoided and was working towards that.Kotwale added that the commissioned garbage treatment plant at Sonsoddo would begin its trial phase in August and that they would monitor the system in a phased manner to identify gaps and that the garbage treatment plant would be fully functional by April 2013.On the issue of encroachments, he said that he would instruct his officials to make an inventory of offenders and that he would double the fine amount and that the items of repeat offenders would be directly auctioned.Stressing that he would not hesitate suspending any staff member found erring on duty, he said that he wanted to make the civic body more citizen friendly and the idea of e-services which would be fully operational in 3 months time and so the pending works of the citizens would get disposed off. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14791219", "title": "Ukai receives water after good rains in catchment areas", "text": "SURAT: Ukai dam's water level has risen following rains in the upper catchment areas of Tapi river and discharge from Maharashtra's Hatnur dam.The last 48 hours has witnessed 200 mm of rainfall in Tapi's catchment areas in Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh. Sarangkheda recorded 33 mm, Gidhede recorded 15mm and Dhuliya recorded 36.8 mm rainfall during this period. Hatnur dam officials have released nearly 500 cusecs of water in the past 24 hours.\"Ukai area too has received 62 mm of rainfall on Sunday. The water inflow into the dam has been around 20,000 cusecs,\" said Ukai dam official PS Dave.The water level at Ukai dam had dipped to 300 feet on July 07, 2012. It has now gone up by 1.21 feet in the past 48 hours. The inflow of 20,000 cusecs of water has taken the level in the dam to 301.21 feet by 4:00 pm on Monday.\"Hathnur dam began to release water 72 hours ago and it is likely to continue for another 36 hours,\" said C K Mishra, Central Water Commission (CWC) engineer. tnnGates of Prakasha and Sarankheda dams have also been opened. Therefore, water from these two dams is also flowing into Ukai.The base level at Ukai dam is 334 feet and its danger level is marked at 345 feet. The water level at the dam reaches 330-334 feet by August 01, 2012. The region will stare at water deficit if it does not happen, the officials said.\"We are hopeful that the dam will be full by August. Good rains have been predicted in the next few days in the dam's upper catchment areas,\" Mishra said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14789137", "title": "Mayfield RWA rents a transformer for Rs 60,000 a month", "text": "GURGAON: Over 400 house owners of J block at Mayfield Gardens heaved a sigh of relief after the Resident Welfare Association (RWA) rented a transformer on Sunday late night.For the past few days, the area has been facing severe power cuts and things became unbearable when the transformer stopped functioning due to technical glitches on Saturday night. Things became normal only when the RWA itself decided to hire a transformer the following day.The incident has exposed the callousness of city agencies, HUDA and DHBVN, which failed to provide any help to the residents. \"The license of this particular builder has been cancelled and the HUDA has been given administrative control to manage all the housing projects. But they could not do anything when we had to go without power. Ultimately, we had to pool money to rent a transformer,\" said RWA president, Pradhan Satpal Thakran. The RWA is paying Rs 60,000 a month for renting one transformer. They also hired a private firm to detect damaged cables and then repair them.The colony has three transformers, and on Saturday night one of the main transformers was damaged. \"The RWA has managed to rent one transformer. But now if another transformer malfunctions, we won't know what to do as we won't have enough money to hire another transformer,\" said Thakran.In February, the Department of Town and Country Planning (DTCP) had cancelled the license of the builder as the promoters of the colony failed to maintain civic amenities like internal roads and community services. \"Now, unfortunately there is no clarity as to who will pay for developing power infrastructure in the colonies. The DHBVN doesn't seem interested in the residents' plight,\" said Commander (rtd) Dharamveer Yadav, president, Sheetal RWA Mayfield Gardens. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14792401", "title": "Bihar youth found murdered", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 28-year-old factory worker was strangled to death allegedly by his colleagues in Bahadurpally on Sunday night.The victim was identified as Sonu from Bihar. He along with two of his friends from Bihar , Mohan and Naveen was working at Sri Sai Krishna Fabrication Company in Bahadurpally for the past few months.The trio used to stay in a room on the company premises. On Monday morning, fellow workers, who went to Sonu's room, found him lying dead on the mattress and alerted the police. \"There was a deep cut on his left temple and strangulation marks on the throat,\" Dundigul inspector V Bhaskar said.Police suspect that he was murdered by Mohan and Naveen. The two are absconding. \"We are yet to ascertain the motive for the murder. With the help of other workers from Bihar, we are trying to track the suspects,\" the inspector said. A case was booked under section 302 (Murder) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14790326", "title": "1,100 apply for 280 seats in BCA", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Making entrance to courses in local colleges a tough nut to crack, top scorer at joint counselling for government colleges offering Bachelors in Computer Applications (BCA) course was 93.4% on Monday. Around 1,100 applicants had applied for admission to 280 seats for BCA in local government colleges.In the outside UT category, the highest scoring student had 93% while the last student who grabbed a seat in this pool had 85.5% marks. In the UT pool, the top ranker had 93.4% in Class XII who sought admission in Post-graduate Government College for Girls in Sector 11, while the lowest ranking student who got admission in the same college in this pool had 67.4% marks in Class XII.For admission to BCA, students with any background in Class XII were eligible to apply, although students with Mathematics and Computer Science in Class XII were awarded 5% extra marks at the time of admission. As the admissions in all local colleges kick-off in full swing, this joint counselling process was done for only government colleges that offer the course.\"The top preferred colleges in the girl category were PGGCG-11 followed by PGGCG-46. In the co-ed category, Post-graduate Government College-11 was students' first preference,\" said Inderprakash, an official in charge of the joint counselling at Post-graduate Government College for Girls in Sector 46. The college is conducting the joint counselling this year for all government colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14790701", "title": "Jaipur airport ranked No 1", "text": "JAIPUR: In a survey conducted by Airports Council International this year, the Jaipur airport has emerged as the first among the 126 airports run by the Airports Authority of India.Jaipur airport got its Terminal 2 having international facilities only two years ago.Paul Manickum, director of Jaipur airport, talking to TOI on Monday, said: \"The Airports Council International had conducted a survey of 126 airports which are being run by the AAI in India. This survey was based on 33 parameters in which our airport has been rated as No 1 in the country.\"The 126 airports include Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Goa and Chennai airports.The 33 parameters include airport safety and security, immigration and customs, cleanliness, runways, facility of parking, catering etc, said Manickum.\"Since 2009, when Terminal 2 became operational, various teams including air traffic control (ATC), immigration and security officers were burning midnight oil to give the best of facilities to air travellers. This is a result of team effort and we will continue to provide the best of facilities,\" said Manickum.On Tuesday, various stakeholders, whose contribution fetched good results to the AAI, Jaipur, would be felicitated.\"Jaipur MP Mahesh Joshi and officials of Rajasthan government would be present at the felicitation ceremony,\" Manickam added.The authorities of AAI, Jaipur have already started working the extension of runway work to bring international flights to Jaipur which would also help gemstones and jewellery exporters who have their offices in Singapore, Malaysia and Hong Kong. The work is expected to be completed within 18 months paving the way for landing of big aircraft including Boeing 747 and Airbus A 380. Presently, the Jaipur airport has a runaway of only 9,000 ft on which big aircraft including Boeing 747 and Airbus 380 can't operate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14789532", "title": "SBI loses red-tape war, drops Patna park project", "text": "PATNA: In a classic case of the tail wagging the dog, an unemployed youth has so ruthlessly used the red tape that marks the government machinery that a hassled State Bank of India has thrown in the towel and reneged on its deal with the administration to beautify and maintain the park at the Maurya Lok complex.It was in 1999 that the service branch of SBI, as part of its corporate social responsibility, agreed to sponsor the park's maintenance work allotted by the Patna municipal corporation (PMC) to Ram Krishna Mission. The SBI paid Rs 50,000 annually to the R K Mission for the maintenance of the park which also has a statue of Swami Vivekananda installed in it.In September 2009, however, the R K Mission wrote a letter to the PMC, expressing its inability to continue with the responsibility.For almost a year, the park remained in a state of neglect and the SBI in October 2010 wrote to the corporation to allot the maintenance work to it. The municipal body in January 2011 gave its go-ahead to the SBI proposal.While the SBI waited for the PMC to hand it over the keys of the park, one Nippu Kumar petitioned the DM's office, claiming he had been maintaining the park at the R K Mission's behest and that he had not been duly compensated for the work. He claimed he had been paid only Rs5000 between 2009 and 2011 and threatened to immolate himself if he was denied justice. The DM forwarded his petition to the state labour commissioner.Talking to TOI, however, R K Mission's Debu Maharaj said Nippu was paid his wages. \"He made allegations against us because we decided to remove him as neither we nor the sponsor bank's officials were satisfied with his work.\"Since Nippu's letter also blamed the SBI \"for his miseries\", the bank clarified to the labour commissioner that it was not liable to pay Nippu as he was never employed by the bank.Apparently at the intervention of the labour department, R K Mission agreed to pay a lump sum of Rs 20,000 as full and final settlement and Kumar in October 2011 gave it in writing that he did no longer have any grievances whatsoever with any of the parties involved in the case.A relieved SBI then put the park maintenance work out to tender and, subsequently, allotted the work to one Shashi Singh for Rs 10,000 per month as remuneration and Rs 12,000 per annum for saplings. Singh was asked to take the keys from the PMC.However, things were back to square one when Nippu wrote a fresh petition - this time to the PMC's estate officer, saying the allotment of work to someone else would be an injustice to him as he had been maintaining the park for long and even took loan for the purpose.The estate officer wrote to the SBI which replied back, reiterating Nippu was never on its rolls.Undeterred, Nippu reached the CM's 'janata darbar', again threatening self-immolation. The CM's secretariat forwarded his petition to the office of the regional labour commissioner (central) which, in turn, put the SBI on notice in February this year, asking it to explain the reasons behind the non-payment of arrears.The bank had to again reply: That Nippu was never -- verbally or in writing - assigned any work by the bank and that it was not liable to pay him a single penny.Fed up with the notices to it, the bank's management also brought it on record this time that it was never incumbent on the bank to maintain the park. It wrote a letter to the PMC in March, requesting it to hand over the keys of the park at least for a few minutes so that it could remove its hoardings from the neglected park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14788028", "title": "Contingency fund used for film awards", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government dipped into its contingency fund for a Marathi film award function and carrying out repairs to the government aircraft. On Monday, it presented supplementary demands to recoup the withdrawn amount and bring the expenditure to the notice of the state legislature.Contingency fund is meant for emergency works. As per the statement of supplementary demands, the government withdrew Rs 1.03 crore from the fund for expenditure incurred on the 49th Maharashtra State Marathi Film Award ceremony. Another Rs 120 cr was withdrawn from it on July 4, 2012, for repairs to a government aircraft, claiming urgent work to keep it in \"proper condition\".Within four months of the start of the fiscal, the government tapped the contigency fund on five occasions. Besides the two mentioned above, it withdrew funds for purchase of arms and ammunition (Rs 22.15 cr), setting up a task force in Naxal-hit areas (Rs 20 cr), and on salaries and allowances for a one-member panel set up in Sept 2011, to probe the police firing incident in Nagpur (Rs 6.87 lakh).Supplementary demands worth Rs 4,606 crore were presented on Monday. This included Rs 80 crore for the restoration work of Mantralaya. Another Rs 1.25 cr was demanded for compensation to the fire victims. A demand of Rs 50 crore was raised for drought relief, and Rs 400 crore demanded for financial aid to cotton, soyabean and paddy farmers. A supplementary demand of Rs 79 lakh was raised for salaries and allowance of the Adarsh panel. Also, Rs 26 lakh was sought for a panel probing the Maval firing.A demand of Rs 5 cr was made for the Nariman Point-Borivli water transport project. A provision of Rs 7 cr for upgradation of forensic laboratories and Rs 100 crore for MIHAN land acquisition was also made.(With inputs from Sanjeev Shivadekar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14789880", "title": "Railways zones told to improve amenities", "text": "PATNA: Railways has directed all its zones to provide more amenities to passengers under passenger reservation system (PRS). Railways has taken this decision keeping in mind the fact that a large number of passengers have been using PRS and unreserved ticketing system (UTS) to travel from one place to another under East Central Railway (ECR). The number of computerized PRS terminals has increased to 121 in ECR, of which 48 are PRS cum UTS.According to an ECR official, Patna is having 18-20 terminals to cater to the needs of passengers. The railways has recently introduced a system under which passengers are required to furnish information about themselves including address, telephone number and identity proof for the use of railways in any emergency.An ECR official said there has been a sharp increase in the number of passengers travelling from ECR to far off places across the country.About 9 lakh passengers have been using passenger trains daily to undertake journey either within ECR or outside, yielding impressive revenue for railways.According to sources, out of 11 million passengers travelling daily across the country by about 8,520 passenger trains, about 5,50,000 have been travelling in the reserved coaches.Railways has now linked PRS networking of Chennai, Secunderabad, New Delhi, Kolkata and Mumbai together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14789345", "title": "Parsekar criticizes Congress remarks on government", "text": "PANAJI: Criticizing remarks made by all India Congress committee secretary Sudhakar Reddy, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president and health minister Laxmikant Parsekar, said that the 'Bhai government' (Parrikar government) has been chosen by the people in a democratic way, but the Congress \"Bai government ( Sonia Gandhi )\" is remote controlled.Speaking to media persons, Parsekar said that calling chief minister Manohar Parrikar-led BJP government a one man government (Bhai govt) is totally wrong. \"I can understand Congressman saying this because during their tenure individual ministers were acting like chief ministers of their respective constituencies.\"Parsekar also said that the BJP had contested the recent assembly elections under the leadership of Parrikar, me (Parsekar) and MP Shirpad Naik. \"But during the election campaign we have projected Parrikar and people of the state have given a verdict for Manohar Parrikar and if Parrikar-lead government is called Bhai government then we have no objections.\"He also said that the government was elected by the people of the state in a democratic form and Congress Bai government has nothing to do with democracy. \"Bai government always has remote control. Goa's Bhai government is close to Goans because this government understands the problems of Goans,\" Parsekar said.Parsekar also rubbished the claim that BJP is indulging in vindictive politics in Goa. Referring to the controversies in GCA and GUCB, he said that if office bearers of some organization move no confidence motion against their chairman in a democratic way then how can it become vindictive politics.Reacting to Reddy's claim that Parrikar is working as per the wishes of the mining lobby, Parsekar said there is no truth in Reddy's assertion and everybody knows who is involved in illegal mining.\"Reddy should use his good offices in Delhi to get a copy of the Shah Commission report and the copy should be sent to the government,\" Parsekar said.He also said that Congress is making these statements out of frustration.Parsekar also advised Reddy to immediately hold a 'chintan baithak' to discuss and deliberate the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14790895", "title": "Detained for \u2018theft\u2019, man sets himself ablaze at Chennai police station", "text": "CHENNAI: A 46-year-old handyman picked up by police and detained for questioning for over 12 hours in connection with a theft committed suicide in the early hours of Monday by setting himself ablaze outside the police station where he was being held.Humayun was picked up with his friend Shoukath Ali on a complaint by a client, Geetha Perumalsamy of Kanathur who hired them for a carpentry job. She suspected that they had stolen a 4gm gold ear stud from her house. Humayun apparently ended his life because he was humiliated by policemen questioning him, his family said.His wife Yasmin and the couple's two daughters and a son were shocked when they learned that Humayun, who had left home for work on Sunday morning had been taken to Kanathur police station on suspicion of theft at 2pm. Life came crashing down for the family, who struggled to eke out a living, when they learned that Humayun had set himself on fire after police freed his friend Ali at 9pm but refused to let off Humayun.According to a police officer, Kanathur sub-inspector Raja was conducting vehicle checks outside the police station when the incident took place.The police station, set up recently in a two-storey storm shelter, does not have cells to detain suspects or keep them from doing harm to themselves or even cupboards or closets.After repeatedly protesting his innocence, Humayun was left alone in a room while a police constable, Lakshmanan, kept guard at the entrance of the police station. Frustrated and mortified, Humayun spotted a bottle full of kerosene in the room, an item of evidence in a case of suicide.As soon as Lakshmanan left his post and walked towards the sub-inspector, Humayun grabbed the bottle of kerosene and a match box and ran outside. As the shocked sub-inspector and constable looked on, he doused himself with kerosene and lit a match. He threatened to set himself ablaze to protest being ill-treated by the police. Before the police could react, Humayun turned into a screaming ball of fire.Policemen rushed Humayun to a private hospital where doctors said he had 90% of burns and asked police to shift him to Kilpauk Medical College Hospital (KMCH). Police admitted Humayun to KMCH but he was declared dead by doctors early Monday morning.A distraught Yasmin said she was worried when her husband did not return home even late in the night. \"I got a call early in the morning from a policeman who said my husband had suffered burn injuries and was admitted at KMCH. I rushed to the hospital and found him dead in the morgue.\"Neighbours who gathered at the morgue at Kilpauk Medical College Hospital said Humayun was an unassuming and humble man. \"He was never involved in any criminal activity,\" one neighbour said.In her complaint, Geetha Perumalsamy said Ali and Humayun came to her house on Sunday morning to fix mosquito screens on the windows of her house. After they left the house, she found that a 4gm gold ear stud she had kept on the table was missing.Members of Thowheed Jamath and Tamil Nadu Muslim Munnetra Kazhagam gathered in front of the police station on Monday and raised protests, blaming policemen for Humayun's death. Top police officers deployed a team of constables to prevent the protesters from storming the station.The Kanathur police registered a case under Section 176 of the CrPC (inquiry by a judicial magistrate in case of unnatural, sudden or suspicious death in police custody).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14788119", "title": "Take precautionary measures and healthy diet to stay fit this monsoon", "text": "KANPUR: The residents of industrial city have welcomed the monsoonal rain. However, the doctors have cautioned the people to ensure proper oral, internal and external hygiene to keep diseases at bay.After experiencing hot and humid days in past few days, people are all set to enjoy rain. The doctors have advised them to be careful during monsoon, as monsoons reduce the immunity of body and make it susceptible to many diseases, which are commonly associated with this season.The diseases associated with monsoon are malaria, jaundice, gastro intestinal infections like typhoid and cholera. Apart from these, viral infections like cold and cough also make their presence felt.\"The people must keep their body resistant against diseases by boosting the immunity through healthy diet,\" said Dr AK Nigam, Chief Medical superintendent at Ursala Horseman hospital.It is worth mentioning here that puddles of water, which gets stagnant due to rain becomes breeding ground for mosquitoes. They spread diseases like malaria and dengue fever.\"As a precaution, one can use mosquito net or mosquito repellants like mats and coils. Fumigating the house with smoke of dried 'neem' leaves in evening for 1-2 minutes is an excellent ayurvedic method to keep mosquitoes away,\" added Dr Nigam further.Apart from bacterial diseases, viral infections due to contaminated food and water is very common in this season. Proper hygiene in food and water is very necessary to keep diseases like diarrhoea and gastro intestinal infections a bay.The medical experts also cautioned the people to avoid walking in dirty water during rainy season. This may leads to numerous fungal infections, which affect toes and nails.\"Diabetic patients need to take special care of their feet. Always keep your feet dry and clean. Avoid walking in dirty water. Keep your shoes, socks and raincoats dry and clean,\" informed Dr S Tiwari, another physician of UHM.Drying clothes with fumes of 'loban' and dry 'neem' leaves is also recommended in ayurvedic texts.\"The digestive system gets weakened due to dehydration in summers. This leads to low digestive power. Hence following diets which increase power of digestion and strengthen the digestive system would be beneficial in rainy season,\" said Dr S,Prajapati, doctor of homeopathy.Apart from bacterial diseases, viral infections due to contaminated food and water is very common in this season. Proper hygiene in food and water is very necessary to keep diseases like diarrhoea and gastro intestinal infections a bay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14787982", "title": "Lawyers gear up for strike", "text": "MUMBAI: Representatives of all three lawyers' associations in Bombay high court, which have nearly 5,000 advocates, have met Bombay high court Chief Justice Mohit Shah to inform him about the two-day strike on July 11-12.The strike call, which is bound to adversely affect many litigants, especially those who require urgent orders, was given by the Bar Council of India to oppose the Higher Education and Research Bill, 2011, which seeks to take away the control of BCI over legal education. It is supported by the Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa and the Advocates Association of Western India. The Bombay Bar Association has given no specific command to its members to obey the strike call, but most lawyers, including senior counsel, could be seen discussing the \"dilemma\" they faced as many \"realized\" that the strike was \"illegal\" and would be flouting a Supreme Court order against such strike by legal practitioners.The SC had in the past said at best a one-day token strike by lawyers for compelling reasons could be condoned. One litigant in court- when told that the HC would be devoid of lawyers for two days -said, \"If lawyers resort to strikes for issues that can well be addressed by deliberations, it is indeed shocking and a sad day for the justice system.\"Several lawyers were in a quandary whether they ought to go ahead with their trip to other benches in Nagpur and Aurangabad for hearings on July 11-12 as scheduled or stay put in the city. The judges will be sitting in court as usual.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "14792471", "title": "BC welfare minister Baswaraju Saraiah's son booked", "text": "WARANGAL: Police filed a case against BC welfare minister Baswaraju Saraiah's son Sriman on Monday for allegedly abusing a police official on duty. Coming to his son's defense, Saraiah said Sriman was targeted because he belonged to a BC community.Sriman reportedly abused Mattewada sub-inspector Ramesh Kumar in filthy language and threatened him with dire consequences for failing to stop TRS activists from protesting during his father's official programmes here on Sunday.The SI brought the matter to the notice of the Warangal urban SP. After the SP's clearance, the Mattewada police registered cases under sections 355 (obstructing duties), 448 (trespassing) and 286 (disturbing officials).The SI said that Sriman was in a drunken state when he abused him. Saraiah along with his ministerial colleague Maheedhar Reddy were obstructed by some TRS activists during official programmes.After Saraiah left, Sriman went to the Mattewada police station and allegedly created a scene there, blaming the police for remaining mute spectators when the TRS workers obstructed the ministers. Deputy SP Lavanya Naik said the case was filed against Sriman based on the SI's version.Responding to the police action, Saraiah said his son neither threatened nor abused the cops. \"Police should come out with evidence and if my son is at fault, I would apologise,\" he said. He alleged that his son was targeted as he hails from a BC community.He alleged that some leaders did not like the way he was taking active part in the Telangana movement.While the police were trying to take Sriman into custody, he left for Hyderabad where he filed for an anticipatory bail in the high court.Sources said he was also thinking of surrendering himself in a Hyderabad court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "14788379", "title": "Lokayukta lets off officials accused of furnishing wrong info", "text": "PANIPAT: The state Lokayukta on Monday let off then deputy commissioner, Panipat, Rajiv Ranjan and SDM, Capt Shakti Singh, who had been accused of furnishing wrong information to National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) in a case involving trade union leader P P Kapoor, stating that it was a \"clerical mistake.\"On the final hearing of the case on Monday, the state Lokayukta said that no action could be taken against the two officials as there was no malafide intention involved, said Kapoor.Earlier, submission of a false report to NHRC in a case related to Kapoor had landed the top Haryana bureaucrats in the dock, who were issued an ultimatum by Haryana Lokayukta to explain their stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14791599", "title": "Outgoing mayor claims credit for civic works in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The outgoing mayor Jitendra Nath Singh claimed that when he took charge as city mayor in 2006, the sewer network was in a shambles. However, after seeking financial assistance from the Union government, sewer system was streamlined and brought at par with cities like Lucknow and Kanpur.He said majority of works related to laying underground sewage and drinking water pipelines in the city are being undertaken with funds sanctioned under JNNNURM. Under the scheme, 108 new tubewells, 37 community ponds and 7 underground ponds were constructed during his tenure.Besides, an expenditure of Rs 100 crore was incurred in laying 1178km underground drinking water pipeline in the city under JNNURM. To keep the Ganga pollution free, several crores were spent for maintenance and upkeep of sewage and drainage system of the city.Singh also maintained that after resuming charge of mayor of the city, he had brought a special grant of Rs 40 crore for the cleaning of the city as well as garbage management. Similarly, door to door garbage collection scheme (PPP ) was launched.He said that two cattle colonies were also set up at Phaphamau and Naini areas. Singh said he is still making efforts for a domestic airport in Allahabad and is in touch with Union government in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14786391", "title": "Environment rules fail to save city's rivers", "text": "NAGPUR: On July 13, 2009, the environment department of state government framed new rules for conservation of state's 20 notified rivers and gave a period of three years to all civic bodies to stop sewage from flowing into these rivers. Nagpur Municipal Corporation has done precisely nothing to implement these directives and the condition of Nag and Pili rivers in city has only worsened in this period.The environment department framed the new policy for improving quality of water in notified rivers. The department classified the 20 rivers into four categories- A-I to A-IV. Nag river is one of the 20 and was classified as A-IV, the lowest among all categories probably due to it now almost entirely carrying city's sewagfe. Nag river basin is listed among state's river basins that includes such major rivers as Krishna, Godavari, Tapi, and Wainganga etc. The name of Pili river is too mentioned in the list as a tributary of Nag river.According to the policy, the civic bodies were directed to establish sewage mechanism to prevent from release of untreated sewage into these rivers. \"Civic bodies will have to establish and start the mechanism within 3 years. The mechanism may be established within 100 meters from the rivers. Besides, the civic bodies will have to establish municipal solid waste treatment system,\" said the department.It mentioned the stretches of the rivers. Nag river was notified from the Ambazari lake to Kanhan river and Pili from Gorewada lake to Nag river. Accordingly, NMC should have built sewage treatment plants (STPs) for entire sewage that is being dumped into the rivers. The NMC was to establish treatment plants with total capacity of 420 million litres per day (MLD) being generated from the city.Three years were enough to comply with the rules. But with only a few days to go, NMC treats just 80 MLD sewage. NMC had proposed to construct four STPs under the Central government's JNNURM scheme. It got approval for one STP for treating 130 MLD on December 22, 2006. The remaining proposals were not considered. NMC failed to start the construction of even that one STP till date.NMC did prepare a detailed project report for rejuvenation of Nag river and submitted for approval of funds under the Centre's National Rivers Conservation Plan (NRCP) in 2008. The proposal was given in-principle approval last month. But the situation failed to improve at ground level. The Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) too seems unconcerned. It served notices to NMC and forfeited its bank guarantee only when Nagpur sewage began contaminating Gosikhurd reservoir water but has remained unconcerned about pollution of Nag river per se.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14787624", "title": "Power firm seeks relief in high court", "text": "MUMBAI: A recent action by the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board seeking invocation of a bank guarantee worth Rs 26 crore against JSW Energy for its thermal power plan at Jaigad, Ratnagiri, for allegedly violating environmental norms has not gone down well with the company. It has moved the Bombay high court for \"urgent relief'' to prevent the invocation.A bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar on Monday posted the matter for hearing on Tuesday. The petition filed against the central government and the MPCB said that on July 3, the latter-in an allegedly \"arbitrary, illegal, unwarranted, unfair and unreasonable manner\"-issued a letter to a bank to invoke 50% of the bank guarantee furnished by JSW Energy for the power plant for \"non-compliance of environmental clearances\".and failure to set up a Flue Gas disposal system within the set deadline of May 2012. A Flue gas Desulpherisation (FGD) system is important at such thermal power plants to ensure low emission levels of flue gas. Many countries have enacted stringent environmental regulations regarding SO2 emissions.The petition stated that MPCB has ignored the fact that the company could not install the FGD system by due date due to a \"major fire\" which the government was made aware of and which had damaged the existing first FGD unit. \"Application for extending the first FGD unit is pending before the Centre,\" the petition said even as it pointed out that setting up a new one will take \"two to three years\" and that the company has already signed a power purchase agreement with Maharashtra government for supply of 300 MW power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14789122", "title": "Bihar labourer dies of electrocution at Ponda", "text": "PONDA: Jagru Shivkumar Raut, 38, a labourer from Bihar, was electrocuted while working on a project of Rajiv Kala Mandir at Ponda on Monday morning. He was breaking a concrete slab with an electric stone breaker.Ponda police sources said that Raut was working on the ground floor of the project on Monday when he suffered an electric shock and collapsed on the spot. His co-workers summoned 108-EMRI ambulance, but he died before he could get any medical aid.The ambulance attendant declared him dead and informed the Ponda police. The body has been preserved in the Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital mortuary at Bambolim for an autopsy to be conducted on Tuesday.Ponda police suspect that the wet floor could be a reason for the electrocution. The exact cause of death will be revealed after the post mortem on Tuesday.A case of an \"unnatural death\" has been registered by the Ponda police under Section 174 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14791107", "title": "Hapa-Madgaon Express to start from July 19", "text": "RAJKOT: Railways has decided to run a weekly superfast train between Hapa and Madgaon via Vasai Road.According to Western Railway (WR) officials, the inaugural run of the new weekly superfast express will be July 11. The train will depart from Hapa at 4:10 pm and reach Madgaon at 9:35 am the next day.The return train will depart from Madgaon on July 13 at 7:15 am and reach Hapa at 10:20 pm on the next day.The train will start its regular run from July 19 every Thursday. It will depart from Hapa every Thursday at 2:40 pm and reach Madgaon at 6:30 am on Friday. The return journey from Madgaon will start at 7:30 am every Friday.The train will halt at Rajkot, Surendranagar, Viramgam, Ahmedabad, Nadiad, Anand, Vadoadara, Bharuch, Surat, Vapi, Vasai Road, Panvel, Roha, Khed, Ratnagiri, Kudal and Thivim stations in both directions.WR officials said that the new train will have AC III, sleeper class and II class general coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14789690", "title": "Incessant rain makes up for initial deficit", "text": "LUCKNOW: Five days of rains have brought down the rainfall deficit in the city to 65% below normal from 97% below normal at the start of the month. Monsoon arrived in the city on July 5 and in the first five days, total rainfall recorded has been 151.1 mm. The normal rainfall set for the period between June 1 and July 9 is 144.7 mm. June was completely dry and so were the first five days of July. Weatherman said that rainfall activity will continue in coming days. Light to moderate rains and thunder showers are expected on Tuesday, but the rainfall will intensify from July 11 (Wednesday) onwards. Almost similar situation will prevail in the rest of the state.The monsoon had arrived in UP on June 21, but lost steam thereafter. It gathered momentum on July 5 and the rainfall data shows that it has brought down the rain deficit to half in comparison to the situation in the month of June. On June 28, per district average rainfall deficit of the state was 77% below normal, which on Monday (July 9) had come down to 40%. East UP received more rains in comparison to west. Per district average rainfall in the eastern parts of the state has been 124.1 mm so far (in monsoon season) this year against the normal of 178.9 mm, which is 31% below normal. In the same period, per district rainfall in western UP has been 55.9 mm against the normal of 144.2 mm, which comes out to be was 58% below normal.In fact, in around a dozen districts of the east UP, rainfall is now above normal. In Varanasi, total rainfall till Monday was 4% above normal. Siddharthanagar was the wettest district with 47% above normal rains. Sant Kabir Nagar has recorded 8% above normal rains. Drought prone Bundelkhand region has also seen good downpour in last few days. From almost 100% deficit, total rainfall in Jhansi now is 48% below normal and in Jalaun it is 45%. The driest district in the state was Jyotiba Phule Nagar with 92% below normal rains so far. The state Met department is hopeful that rains in coming days will improve the rainfall situation in west UP as well.State Met director JP Gupta said that the sky will generally remain cloudy in the city and state during next 24 hours. Few spells of rains and thunder showers are expected in Lucknow as well as in other parts of UP on Tuesday. Rainfall, he said, can be heavy at isolated places. Satellite pictures show a low pressure area over northwest Madhya Pradesh and adjoining UP. This low pressure area has capacity to drive moisture into UP resulting in rains. The intensity of the rains and thunder showers would increase after 48 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14787128", "title": "Testimony of 4 bakery workers nailed rioters", "text": "The many flip flops of the Shaikh family which owned the Best Bakery resulted in the burden of the case falling on the four bakery workers who stood by their statements to the police.Zahira Shaikh, her mother Seherunissa, sister Saira, brothers Nafitullah and Nasibullah turned hostile in the trial court at Gujarat and Mumbai. Yasmeen, Zahira's sister in law, who had supported the prosecution during the trial in Mumbai, went back on her statement and filed an application in the high court claiming that she had been ``lured and misguided''.The high court then relied on the statements of Taufel Siddiqui, Raees Khan, Shehzad Khan Pathan and Shailun Pathan who had taken refuge on the night of March 1, 2002 on the terrace of the bakery building after the mob set it on fire. The next morning the mob asked the survivors to come down from the terrace and made them get down by tying two wooden ladders together. ``They tied the hands of the women and they were then taken in a room,'' said Taufel before the trial court and then described how the hands and legs of the men were tied and the mob then assaulted them with sticks and swords and poured kerosene over some of their bodies and set them on fire.The police arrived and took the injured to the hospital said the witnesses. They were in hospital for many days before being discharged and leaving for their villages in Uttar Pradesh. The police did not call them as witnesses in the trial before the Gujarat court. It was at the trial in Mumbai that they first gave their statements. The pointed to specific roles by the accused - Sanjay Thakkar had tied the hands and legs of Taufel and others after they were brought down from the terrace, Dinesh was seen with a sword and mashal and was shouting slogans, Jitu too was seen by the witnesses running towards Best Bakery by holding a mashal and sword in his hand, while Shanabhai Baria had also made the others get down from the terrace, tied their hands, and assaulted the survivors.The defence team led by senior advocate Adhik Shirodkar said the quartets evidence was not believable, as they had made many improvements to their statements during the trial. The court however pointed out that the four were seriously injured in the attacks and there was a possibility that they had not narrated the events while they were in the hospital. \"The witnesses might have been in a state of shock and fear and hence not in a position to give full and proper statement. It was the duty of the police to record additional statements from them after being discharged from hospital,\" the court observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14798568", "title": "Designer Rocky S turns producer", "text": "Fashion designer Rocky S is turning producer with a film titled Main Anna Nahi Hoon under the banner Black Ink Corporation. And interestingly, despite hobnobbing with A-list actors, Rocky has chosen to go with prominent character artistes for his first production. Manish Gupta, who wrote Sarkar and directed The Stoneman Murders, wielded the megaphone for this project.The film stars Prashant Narayanan, Rajendra Gupta, Rajesh Shirganpure and Sameer Dharman Adhikari. The music is composed by Vishal Khurana, who created a promotional track for Well Done Abba.A source close to the venture revealed, \"The film is about Anna Hazare . It actually takes potshots at the political activist. Manish has a reputation of making brave movies on a shoestring budget. And Rocky wanted to start off on a small scale. They got in touch through a common friend and decided to make the film together. \"In fact, the director has signed a 3-film deal with Rocky.Confirming the news, Manish told us, \"We start the next film after this one releases. I am not scared of the Censor Board and will not edit any part of my movie.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14792021", "title": "Unstable youth tries to drive suburban train", "text": "A mishap on the lines of the one that happened at Vyasarpadi Jiva railway station was thwarted at the nick of the time after a youth barged into the motor cab of a suburban train at the Madras Moore Market Complex railway station and tried to operate the train which was ready to depart. The incident happened at 11.45am on Saturday when the motorman was inside the cab. The motorman raised an alarm and managed to push the youth out.In April 2009, an unidentified person drove away a suburban train from the same station and crashed into a goods train 3.5km away, killing 4 persons and injuring 11, at the Vysarpadi Jiva railway station . He had taken away the train when the motorman was away, with the ignition switched on.After the Saturday's incident, police arrested A Thamin Ansari, 20, hailing from Arakkonam. Police suspect he is mentally unstable. The motorman was running through the pre-departure procedures when Thamin barged into the room and started pulling a lever or two. He may have been loitering around on the platform for sometime before he decided to board the train and try his luck at driving it, police said.There were platforms on both sides of the train which made it easy for the youth to board the train when the motorman was focused on the controls. \"Thamin told the motorman that he is the driver and started fiddling with the controls . He also claimed that he can fly a plane. He was carrying a medical certificate which said that he is under treatment for a psychiatric condition,\" said a senior officer of the government railway police.The incident has spurred the railway authorities into action. The Government Railway Police rounded up mentally unstable persons and chased away beggars. \"We rounded up 14 mentally challenged persons from the station . We have moved them to a home for such people. Though we have collected names of the persons, it will be difficult to ascertain their true identity because of their condition,\" said a GRP official. Southern Railway chief public relations officer V J Accamma said Ansari did not tamper with the controls.No lessons learnt from 2009 accidentMotormen of suburban trains will have to continue to look out for intruders into their cabs. Southern Railway's proposal to introduce biometric system to prevent unauthorised entry to EMU cabs is still stuck with the railway board. The plan was drawn up after the April 2009 accident when an unidentified person drove away an EMU from the Madras Moore Market Complex station and rammed into a goods train at Vysarpadi Jiva station . In the new system , a train's traction system would only be activated by a motorman swiping his finger across a biometric reader. Motormen's fingerprints were to be stored in the system.The railway board has asked for some clarifications and suggested some modifications. The Research Design and Standards Organisation will also have to approve it as design of motor cabs may have to be modified for the new system. \"The board has asked for several clarifications to make it foolproof and suitable for Indian conditions. It is being used in foreign countries but not in Indian Railways,\" said Southern Railway chief public relations officer VJ Accamma . The board has also expressed concern on whether the system would be able to read fingerprints despite the dust, she said. Extensive studies and trials will have to be conducted as it will have to be implemented uniformly in all railway zones once it is approved.Until then , motormen will have to make do with manual precautions . After the Vysarpadi accident ,train keys were handed over to motormen who alone could start trains. Another option is to keep the cab doors closed. \"We don't prefer closing doors because it cuts out ventilation . The closed doors rattle when the train runs , which will be a distraction for us. The plan to aircondition motor cabs has also not taken off,\" said a motorman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14789935", "title": "Sutia activists live in terror", "text": "KOLKATA: This is not the first time the rapists of Sutia targeted activists who dared to protest against them. Though they managed to eliminate Barun Biswas on the first attempt, luck favoured Nonigopal Poddar, who survived two attempts on his life. Other members of the Pratibadi Mancha, the forum that took on the might of Shushanta Chowdhury and his gang, are intimidated and threatened often as well.The gang attacked Poddar for the first time on July 5, 2003. Poddar was returning home on a bicycle when he was shot at. The bullet grazed passed his waist. Seeing Poddar fall on the ground, the gang thought he was dead and fled.\"On March last year, the assailants fired at me again. The bullet hit me in the chest. Luckily I survived the attack. Since then, I have been asking for police protection. Unfortunately, the appeal has not been heeded,\" said Poddar.Poddar lamented that eliminating Barun, a fearless and sincere activists was to send a message to the Pratibadi Mancha.Jiten Bala, another member of the Mancha, too, has been threatened many times. The retired schoolteacher was instrumental in shaping Barun's fight.\"When Barun approached me with the proposal to take on the gang, I immediately decided to support him,\" said Bala.Bala, however, is frustrated with the political system in the state. The septuagenarian said that if the government was sincere towards suffering of the rape victims of Sutia, it would have ensured arrest of all who were involved in the gang rape.\"First it was the left government that sheltered the rapists and now it is this present government that is letting these criminals roam freely. The government should ensure the arrest of all involved in the gang rape. Barun is no more. But we have to take the fight forward. I am 70 now. When at such a young age Barun could sacrifice his life, why would I get cowed down by their intimidation at this age?\" asked Bala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14787606", "title": "Gupta global resources to close down five washeries", "text": "Chandrapur: Workers are crying foul as Gupta Global Resources Ltd (GGRL), erstwhile Gupta Coal Washeries Ltd, is all set to close down its five coal washeries in the area for lack of work. Over 775 workers, including temporary labourers attached to four of its plants have received lay off notices, while similar action is in the offing at the last washery, workers claimed.GGRL has five coal washeries at Sasti, Wani, Pimpalgaon, Ghugus and Majri. In all, 427 permanent workers and 350 temporary labourers worked for these five washeries. The company was doing well till last year as it had coal washing contract of various thermal power plants of Mahagenco. However, this was terminated in August 2011, after differences emerged between the company management and Mahagenco. The company still retained its labourers for the next few months, but when all hopes of renewing the contract were lost, GGRL management decided to layoff workers.\"Temporary labourers from four washeries have been already laid off. Redundancy notices have been put on at Sasti, Wani, Pimpalgaon and Ghugus, which will come into effect from July 20. Similar notice is in offing at Majri coal washery,\" said workers' leader, Ajay Asekar, while interacting with reporters. There is no registered union of workers, but all of them have now joined hands against the company's decision.The workers have demanded alternative jobs in other establishments, such as power plant, coal mine and logistics. Labourers have issued notice to the company management with copies to chief minister and labour minister sent through the collector. The workers have also sought help of local MP and MLAs, while also appealing the labour commissioner for intervention.\"The workers are not responsible for closure of the washeries. But they are being made to pay the price for management's mistakes. Therefore we have demanded alternative jobs in the company's other establishments. If not, the workers should be paid remaining salary of their service period or Rs20 lakh lump-sum as compensation,\" said Asekar. The workers have also made a demand for payment of provident fund, gratuity, leave encashment and bonus among others, he added.Workers have threatened to launch a vehement agitation against the company to press their demands. \"They have decided to stage a protest march to the district collectorate on July 12. If company still doesn't agree to their demands, the workers would launch chain hunger strike in front of the collectorate,\" said Asekar.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14791784", "title": "Sexually harassed, Rewa law student hangs self", "text": "BHOPAL: Sodomised and sexually harassed for two years, a university student in Rewa town, 435 km from here, committed suicide leaving the district police red-faced for their inaction on Monday.Two days ago, a 22-year-old final year student of Rewa University Ajay Pardole walked into the local Scheduled caste/scheduled tribe police station and submitted a complaint letter. He wrote that despite his repeated appeals for help from the local police, he got no reprieve from a senior student Ashutosh Dwivedi, who was allegedly sexually harassing him since 2010. The complaint even threatened that he would be compelled to commit suicide if the police did not act by July 9.On Monday, Ajay Pardole was found hanging from the ceiling of Chandrasekhar hostel close to the university. The victim hailed from Betul district and was a final year LLB student at the Rewa University. The ordeal with senior student Dwivedi, resident of Jabar in Rewa district, started when Pardole shifted to the hostel.Students in the University told the local police station sleuths that Pardole had submitted another detailed complaint against Dwivedi at the SC/ST police station on May 14 this year but no action was taken. He had also written several letters to senior police officials but got no response.The district police, meanwhile, remained tight-lipped and refused to divulge any information on the case. When contacted, the local University police station said that only the investigating officer sub-inspector Ram Singh Rathore had the details of the investigations. Rathore switched off his phone and was unreachable till late evening hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14792007", "title": "Panjon Pharma owner arrested in Mumbai", "text": "INDORE: Indore police arrested the owner of Panjon Pharma Ltd, on charges of forgery, from Mumbai Airport on Monday morning. Senior superintendent of police (SSP) A Sai Manohar informed that Manoj Kothari, son of Nagin Kothari, who was absconding since 2010, was caught at Mumbai Airport when he was about to take off in an Indigo flight. He was carrying a reward of Rs 25,000.He was accused of escaping with the money of investors, and booked under section 420 and 406 of Indian Penal Code along with Madhya Pradesh Investors Protection Act.CSP Amrendra Singh informed that Manoj is a resident of Saket in Palasia. His wife Manju is also a co-accused in the case. However, she is still out of the cops' clutches. He further said there are around 45 complaints against the couple lodged in Vijay Nagar police station.An online consumer-based website () was earlier flooded with complaints against the company. Here, susingh69 had initiated a discussion with the statement, \"Panjon pharma had given me post dated cheque for principal and interest before. When I deposited these cheque, all the cheque have bounced and company is denying me payment for these deposits. I want to have this payment asap otherwise i will be left with no other option but to go for legal action (sic). In response one Alka Halbe on May 9, 2011, had written: \"I have also written to bank giving their account no. whether it exists and if the cheque deposited will get declined. I am waiting for the reply from the bank. Have you invested through a broker and did not see the balance sheet of the company? Somehow I missed the point. Can we fight the case through consumer court? But jurisdiction should be known. I am from Navi Mumbai. Will keep in touch for sure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14792970", "title": "Bid to save rhinos from poachers", "text": "GUWAHATI: Forest officials have initiated steps to protect rhinos, which have left flooded Kaziranga National Park, from falling into the hands of poachers. An unspecified number of the one-horned pachyderms have entered the hill district of Karbi Anglong looking for shelter in elevated forest land.\"We've set up10 additional anti-poaching camps to protect the rhinos that have moved to the fringes of Kaziranga and neighbouring Karbi Anglong. Besides, we've brought in about 100 additional guards from other other forest divisions to stop possible poaching of the fleeing animals,\" divisional forest officer (Kaziranga) DD Gogoi said.There is a possibility of about 100 rhinos escaping to fringe areas like Haldibari, Kanchanjuri and Panbari for safety. Kaziranga, a 430-sqkm World Heritage Site, has 2, 290 rhinos, which is more than half of the world's total one-horned rhinos. \"With the fall in water level, a majority of the rhinos have returned to their habitats,\" said Gogoi.Taking advantage of the floods, poachers killed two rhinos last week. Fourteen rhinos, mostly calves, old and sick ones, died because of the floods. Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary, situated 50km from here, lost one rhino to poachers.\"Poachers become active during floods. They target rhinos that stray into fringe areas for shelter. We've intensified patrolling in such areas. Our intelligence wing is monitoring the movement of poachers,\" a Kaziranga park official said. State forest minister Rockybul Hussain also asked park officials to remain alert and catch those who killed rhinos trying to escape from floods last week. In all, Kaziranga lost 573 animals, including 486 hog deer, during the recent floods. The famed park has about 25,000 hog deer.Delhi to assess flood devastationA central team will arrive in Guwahati on Tuesday to assess the devastation caused by the floods in the state. At the moment, there are 395 relief camps where over 1.5 lakh people have taken shelter. Officials said floods damaged over 2.5 lakh hectares of paddy fields. About 100 teams of health officials have fanned out across the state to prevent possible outbreak of water-borne diseases. Altogether 124 people have died since the floods hit the state three weeks ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14792276", "title": "Go beyond the usual savings options", "text": "Other than ELSS from mutual fund houses, insurance and PPF, there are some other avenues to save taxes as well. One of the popular ones is for those who have bought a house with a loan from a home finance company or a bank. For home buyers, he/she can claim a tax deduction of up to Rs 1.5 lakh or the actual amount of interest paid on home loans, whichever is lower, every year. In addition, the person can also claim principal payment on the house loan, but this comes within the Rs 1 lakh per annum cap under Section 80C of the I-T act.There are also tax savings bonds and infrastructure bonds. There is some difference between the two. Tax savings bonds are issued by qualified infrastructure companies , which is ideal for individuals for savings of up to Rs 20,000 per annum, which is tax deductible under Section 80CCF. This is in addition to the Rs 1 lakh mentioned above. As an investor in these bonds, however, the interest earned by you every year is not tax deductible. In infrastructure bonds, your investments are not tax deductible, but the interest you earn every year is.These bonds offer about 8-8 .30% rate annually, and since these are not taxable, the interest earnings you get is equivalent to about 12% pretax returns \u2014 something that you don't get easily. Also, most of these bonds are issued by highly rated companies, so the risks are lower.Another tax-saving instrument is the Rajiv Gandhi Equity Savings Scheme (RGESS). The scheme was proposed by the government in the last Budget, aimed at encouraging flow of savings into financial instruments and improving the depth of the stock market. RGESS would allow an income tax deduction of 50% to new retail investors, who invest up to Rs 50,000 directly in equities each year. But the tax incentive, estimated to be about Rs 5,000 per annum, will be available only to those investors whose annual income is below Rs 10 lakh per annum. And investors in the scheme will have to remain invested for at least three years. The scheme is still 'work in progress', and is yet to be launched. There are several other instruments for saving taxes, but that's for another day.OTHER AVENUES FOR YOUHome buyers can claim each year Rs 1.5L deduction or actual interest paid on home loans, whichever is lower. Principal payment can be claimed too, but within the Rs 1L cap under Sec 80CThere are tax savings bonds from qualified infra cos for savings of up to Rs 20,000 per annum \u2014 tax deductible under Section 80CCF in addition to the Rs 1L capInfra bonds offer 8-8 .30% rate annually which are not taxable, making the interest earnings equivalent to about 12% pre-tax", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14798316", "title": "India buys Gandhi archive to prevent its auction", "text": "LONDON: India has purchased a rich archive comprising thousands of letters and documents related to Mahatma Gandhi , including those on his controversial relationship with architect Hermann Kallenbach.Auctioneer Sotheby's said the deal was concluded in a 'private transaction'. However, it did not disclose the amount the Indian government paid for the documents.\"Sotheby's is pleased to announce that the Gandhi-Kallenbach archive, which had been scheduled for auction in Sotheby's English Literature, History, Children's Books and Illustrations Auction on July 10, 2012, has been sold in a private transaction to the Indian Government,\" a statement by the auctioneer said on Monday.The archive was to be auctioned on Tuesday, but after a contract was signed between the auctioneer and India's ministry of culture on Friday, the auction was cancelled.The archive, which is likely to be a rich resource for researchers and historians, was recently examined by a team of experts from the ministry of culture, who reportedly described it as \"very well preserved and of inestimable value\".The archive includes several letters that throw fresh light on the controversial relationship between Gandhi and Kallenbach, one of the foremost associates and friends of Gandhi during his time in South Africa.The auctioneer's Catalogue Note on the archive said that it \"is richly informative of the important (and occasionally misunderstood) friendship between the two men, and is a key biographical source for Gandhi\".The archive includes \"poignant letters\" by the deeply troubled Harilal, Gandhi's first son, and reveals Kallenbach's deep friendship in particular with Gandhi's second son Manilal, who remained on Phoenix Settlement in South Africa, and his third son Ramdas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "14788307", "title": "'Juvenile' accused lied about age?", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A youth who had stated his age as 16 while being arrested in an assault case in Nerul on April 21 was produced in a juvenile court and released on bail. However, it has come to the fore that on January this year, the accused procured a driving licence, which states his age as 19.The accused had assaulted Sohail Khan (19). Khan was beaten on the head with a bamboo stick and left bleeding profusely. The victim's cousins, Irfan (21) and Anjar (22), who tried to save him, were also assaulted. Khan and his cousins reported the matter to the police. The victim then went to his native place in Uttar Pradesh for recovery.When Khan came to know that the accused had been produced in a juvenile court, he procured the accused's licence details and found his birth year to be 1992. He wrote to Navi Mumbai police commissioner, asking him to look into the matter.-Nathaniel Valthaty\"We will investigate the matter and take action,\" said senior inspector Rajkumar Chaphekar of Nerul police station.Khan and his cousins reported the matter at the Nerul police station after which he was admitted at DY Patil Hospital owing to his injuries. Khan later went to his native place in Uttar Pradesh for recovering. On returning, he came to know that only the accused was arrested, and not the other youths. What shocked him was that the accused was produced in a juvenile court at Bhiwandi and released on bail. Knowing that the accused possessed a driver's license, Khan sought details of the accused person's license from the Vashi RTO, upon which he found a 1992 date of birth. Khan then wrote to Commissioner of Police, Navi Mumbai, requesting him to look into the matter.The incident took place late in the evening near IDBI bank at sector 27, Nerul.Khan, a businessman's son, stated in his complaint to the police that he had confronted the accused a day earlier for spreading bad rumours about him.in which at Bhiwandi after which he was released on bail. The accused had stated his age to be 16 years while being arrested. He however, possesses a driving licence which he procured in January 2012, stating his age to be 19 years.The accused is a college dropout, his father works in a shipping company based in the Gulf. On April 21, the accused and a group of 10 or 15 youth had assaulted Sohail Khan (19), a school dropout, in Nerul. Khan, a businessman's son, stated in his complaint to the police that he had confronted the accused a day earlier for spreading bad rumours about him.Khan who was beaten on the head with a bamboo stick lying nearby was left bleeding profusely. Khan's cousins, Irfan (21) and Anjar (22), who tried to save him, were also assaulted. The incident took place late in the evening near IDBI bank at sector 27, Nerul.Khan and his cousins reported the matter at the Nerul police station after which he was admitted at DY Patil Hospital owing to his injuries. Khan later went to his native place in Uttar Pradesh for recovering. On returning, he came to know that only the accused was arrested, and not the other youths. What shocked him was that the accused was produced in a juvenile court at Bhiwandi and released on bail. Knowing that the accused possessed a driver's license, Khan sought details of the accused person's license from the Vashi RTO, upon which he found a 1992 date of birth. Khan then wrote to Commissioner of Police, Navi Mumbai, requesting him to look into the matter.\"We will investigate the matter and take necessary action,\" said Senior Inspector Rajkumar Chaphekar of Nerul police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14798723", "title": "Is Sonakshi Sinha overweight?", "text": "Seems like Vidya Balan is not the only actress getting flak for her flab. The Oh la laactress who sizzled in Dirty Picture as the buxom Silk Smitha didn't set the screen on fire with her Marathi lavani act in Ferrari Ki Sawaari.Now, it's the turn of the much younger Sonakshi Sinha, whose oodles of lard has sent the tweeples in an overdrive. From her huge forehead to the thunder thighs, Twitter has been inundated with tweets that poke fun at Shotgun Sinha's cushy daughter.Let's leave for the junta to decide whether Sonakshi is overweight?Here's some tweets:Mastiii TV ?@mastiiitvRumors say Shahid Kapoor is not keen on working with Sonakshi Sinha...coz in front of her, Shahid looks under-weight! :PSreenath ?@sree2weets2nd pic will be Sonakshi Sinha rite? RT: @FundooGirl: If u type \"\"forehead\"\" on google image, the 1st pic it will show is of Rihanna .ApniISP ?@apniispImran Khan to gain weight for Sonakshi Sinhaankit jain ?@indiantweeterbreaking : Sonakshi Sinha's forehead has been selected as a location for NASA's next program for finding waterStereotypewriter ?@babumoshoy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14788952", "title": "Keltron bags Rs 1.3-cr order for data digitization", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala State Electronics Development Corporation (Keltron) has bagged an order worth over Rs 1.3 crore for digitisation of the data entry works of 13 welfare fund boards of the state government. The work will be undertaken by the Keltron's equipment complex at Karakulam in the city.The various welfare boards that will be benefitted by the initiative include the Kerala Building and Other Construction Works Welfare Fund, Kerala Motor Labour Welfare Fund, Head Load Workers Welfare Fund, Artisans Welfare Fund and Abkari Labour Welfare Fund.The digitization will help ensure transparency, protection of data authenticity, easy accessibility and retrieval and security. It will also help speed up file processing,\" said Keltron deputy general manager S Jayakumar.The digitization project involves scanning and digitizing all secretariat files with the creation of valuable repository for documents, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14788849", "title": "East Indian dictionary to preserve local Marathi dialect", "text": "MUMBAI: A bid to preserve the heritage of local dialects in the region has begun with the launch of a project to record and produce a dictionary of the local Marathi dialect spoken by East Indians in the Mumbai region.The project is being undertaken by the Mumbai Gaothan Panchayat, an organization formed to promote the interests of the people living in traditional gaothans (villages). Panchayat leader Gleason Baretto said the dictionary will be in Marathi and English and will serve to preserve the language of the region.The East Indians, the local Christian community along with other Hindu communities, constitute the earliest inhabitants of the region.One of the organizers of the project, Prem Moraes, said several teams will work on the dictionary.\"We will take into consideration the various types of Marathi spoken by the different communities in the region. We know that the Marathi spoken in Bandra is different from the Marathi spoken in the gaothans in Marol, and will make allowances of it,'' he said.Reacting to the move to preserve the heritage of the region, head of the Head of history department of St Xavier's College Fleur D'Souza commended the project.. \"Dialects are disappearing all over the country and the globe and this effort will go a long way in instilling a sense of pride in the local community and an interest in their language. Many people have stopped using the language,'' she said.Prof D'Souza said that care should be taken when implementing the project by consulting experts in the field so that the research can be conducted in a professional manner. All the cross-cultural trends which influenced the Marathi dialect should also be taken into consideration, she said.Film documentary maker Luke Mendes who has done work on western region cultures said that it was important to have a broad-minded approach to the project. The main language spoken in the Mumbai region was 'Kokni' which is spoken in the Konkan region in different ways. While this is similar to popular Marathi in many ways it is also different as the region had a distinct cultural identity for a long time before the state of Maharashtra came into being in the 1960's.Mendes said the Kokni spoken in the region has influences from other cultures as well. Apart from Sanskrit it has been influenced by Portuguese during the time the city was ruled by the Portuguese. Prem Moraes said the project should be ready by next May and will be put up on the community website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14791130", "title": "Probe on to trap kingpin", "text": "MYSORE: Forest department officials have recovered five knives bought to de-skin the big cats and Rs 5,000 from the six-member gang arrested in Chamarajanagar recently.They have also seized a booklet containing telephone numbers which might lead the authorities to the kingpin who had sent the poachers here. Jagadish, an accused, is well aware of the tiger pelt trade outside the country, a Wildlife Crime Control Bureau ( WLCCB) officer said.BRT reserve director Vijaymohan Raj told TOI that the gang had help to gain entry into the forest .Preliminary investigation has revealed that the gang had been told to reach the reserved forest through Kollegal.The officials conducted a thorough search in the forest areas to check whether any traps have been laid to catch the tigers.The officer claimed that they have searched the sensitive places in the tiger reserve. The accused have been booked under the Wildlife Protection Act 1972.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14788428", "title": "Eve-teasing in DAV college, students group threaten staff", "text": "KANPUR: Tension prevailed in DAV College after a group of students reportedly hurled a country-made bomb to threaten the staff of the college when stopped from eve-teasing on the campus.The Kotwali police rushed to the college and later PAC jawans were also deployed. The incident was reported to have taken place at around 3 pm on Monday when some students present on the college campus teased the girls who had come to take the admission forms.The girls registered a complaint in this regard with the college staff.According to an eye-witness account, a professor in Chemistry department of the college, Sarveshwar Ram Mishra, rebuked the group of students that was indulging in eve-teasing. The anti-social elements challenged Mishra who thrashed a member of the group. Thereafter, the students, whose identity could not be known, reportedly hurled a country-made bomb and created ruckus on the college campus.They also attacked Prof Mishra and safely escaped from the scene unchallenged.When the college authorities informed the Kotwali police about the incident, they launched a manhunt but no arrests were made when the reports last came in.Principal of DAV College Dr Rekha ruled out that bombs were hurled on the college campus and added that though she heard a loud bang, it came from outside the college campus. She added that the students involved in eve-teasing were not from her college. BND College releases merit listBND College released its merit list for BSc mathematics, BSc biology, BSc computer application and BCom on Monday.In BSc physical education and bio-technology, the college will accept applications from all the students.In BCom first year, the BND College administration has invited application forms from those general category students who have atleast 68% marks or above.For OBC category, the applicants should have atleast 56% marks. The college administration informed that all forms submitted by SC and ST candidates would be accepted.On Saturday, the BND College had released the merit list for MSc.The college had put on display a list which contained the names of the students who had been selected. The college had asked interested students to take admission by July 12.The admission process for MSc began from Monday.The students have been asked to produce original certificates (marksheets of class X and XII) when they come to college to take admission. The course fees would be accepted by the college through a demand draft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14788449", "title": "Boy hacks sister to death after she reprimands him", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 16-year-old boy Rohit allegedly killed his 18-year-old sister in Vatva early on Monday morning. The apparent reason: she had chided him for scoring low marks in his standard X final exams.Vatva police arrested the teen and charged him with murder. Primary investigation revealed that Rohit (name changed) was scolded by his sister Hetal, 18, for his class X result on Sunday night. Moreover, Rohit said he wanted to become rich by killing his family members, said investigators.According to Vatva police officials, the children's father Mahadev Kalia, 45, a resident of Asopalav Society, Vatva, works at a unit in Vatva GIDC as a technician. While Hetal had been admitted to a college after passing her class XII exam this year, Manoj scored 70 per cent in class X this year and wanted to pursue a diploma in engineering.\"However, due to the higher cut-off marks in engineering colleges this year, he couldn't get admission in his preferred branch and the family was mulling putting him into a paid seat with higher fees. On Sunday night during dinner Hetal criticized him saying that if he had got better marks, the family would not have to squeeze its resources for his education. His father and mother also chipped in to support her argument. It hit Rohit hard,\" said a Vatva police official.While his parents slept outside the house with guests, Hetal, Rohit and two other teens slept inside to watch television. Rohit kept watching movies late into the night even as the others went to sleep. At 3.30 am on Monday, the adults heard shrieks from the house and ran in. They saw Rohit holding a sickle and Hetal in a pool of blood.She was taken to a nearby hospital where she was declared brought dead. Initially Rohit claimed that somebody assaulted her and fled but he later confessed. He maintained that he was deeply hurt by her remarks and decided to take revenge.\"He however later changed his version during questioning. He claimed that while watching the movies, he saw posh bungalows and cars and developed an urge to own them. He then schemed to somehow kill his family members including his parents, he could own the house and other property and become rich overnight. He then killed his sister and then was planning to assault the others when he was caught,\" said R K Kumbharwadia, inspector of Vatva police station.Police said that Rohit seems mentally disturbed and a psychologist will be consulted to know his state of mind and why he committed the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14790679", "title": "To be engineers give thumbs up to mechanical branch", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a complete turnaround of students' preference this year at the joint admission counselling (JAC) for leading engineering colleges in the city, toppers have preferred to grab a seat in the mechanical branch over the traditional favourite, computer science branch (CSE).At PEC University of Technology, CSE branch had a starting rank of 771 in the All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE) in the 'UT category' this year. The starting rank for mechanical branch however was 728 in the same category.The cut-off lists for the joint counselling were declared on Sunday night, wherein admissions are on the basis of AIEEE ranking.\"The toppers preferring mechanical branch instead of computer science has come as a big surprise. Perennially, computer science or electrical branches have been the first choice both at PEC and University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET),\" says Renu Vij, chairperson, JAC-2012.The preference for mechanical branch is more than even the electrical and electronics branch, which was again a favourite till last year.\"The first list has been declared,\" says Sukhwinder Singh, convenor of JAC. The colleges included in the joint counselling are Chandigarh College of Architecture, Chandigarh College of Engineering and Technology, PEC,UIET, University Institute of Chemical Engineering and Technology and UIET at SSG regional centre of PU at Hoshiarpur.Transferable fee systemTransferable fee system has been introduced at JAC-2012 this year. So applicants can deposit fee for any of the five engineering institutes and one architecture college and later in case they wish to change their college after first, second or third cut-off list, the fee would get transferred to that college.It's about demandThe drift towards the mechanical branch is primarily because of the current demand in the industry in this particular sector compared to other streams. The growing trend in this branch is visible in PEC and UIET,\" says Renu Vij.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14790359", "title": "21 villages in Madurai district off from black spot list", "text": "MADURAI: District police have come up with a novel idea of removing the villages from black spots list, thus relieving them from the stigma due to their earlier notoriety of specific offenses. As the first step, 21 villages including 18 that were listed for illicit liquor trafficking will be removed from the list.In Madurai district, 158 villages were kept in black spot for offences like illicit liquor, law and order, caste clashes, theft and other categories. The names of the villages are maintained in the records of concerned police stations and were also displayed in the notice boards at stations.During a public grievance redressal day meeting held by the district police recently, Kodikulam villagers under Valandhur police limits came up with a genuine petition to the district SP, V Balakrishnan stating that their village has been categorised as black spot, though the villagers have mended their ways long back and leading a peaceful life. Hence, they pleaded the police department to remove their village from the list.Based on their request, Balakrishnan ordered a study on the villages and it has been observed though illicit liquor under Prohibition Act has been eradicated in the state long back, most of the villages which earned notoriety for illicit liquor are still in the list. Hence as the first measure, district police decided to remove the names of 18 villages from the list that were blacklisted under the Prohibition Act.Another two villages listed under other crimes category and one village for theft offences will also be removed from the list. Balakrishnan said that when the Kodikulam villagers approached the police with the demand, it was realised that there is no point in maintaining certain number of villages for illicit liquor trafficking since it was eradicated in the state long back.\"We are also studying the villages listed for the reasons other than illicit liquor and their present status on those particular offences they are known for. After thorough study, we will take measures to remove the names of other villages too,\" he said.District police are also working on the list of bad characters in the district, who have mended their ways in course of time. \"There are more than 900 persons in the district listed as rowdy elements, history-sheeters, known depredators (KDs) etc. But many would have changed their way of live over the period and we are working on their list as well,\" SP said.- 158 villages as black spots with 58 under Prohibition Act, 33 under law and order issues, three under theft offences, 56 under caste clashes and nine under category of offences- As the first step, eight villages under illicit liquor trafficking, two villages under miscellaneous crimes and one village under theft offences will be removed from the list- Those 18 villages to be removed from the list for offences under Prohibition Act are: Then Palanji, Nallukulam, Amur, Kodikulam, Reddipatti, Kasbamuthalaikulam, Vickramangalam, Melathirumanickam, Buskaranpatti, Vellamalaipatti, Santhaiyur, Periapoolampatti, Kethuvarpatti, K Andipatti, Thennamanallur, Servaikaranpatti, Thangalacheri and Mangammalpatti- Karuthapuliampatti and Puthusukampatti in Melur police limits, which were listed for other category of offences and Kulathupatti in Uthapanaickanur police limits known for theft offences will also be removed from the black spot list as no unlawful activities are found to happening in these villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "dover (us)", "code": "14793210", "title": "3 dead after gunfire at US soccer tournament", "text": "DOVER (US): Armed men suspected of triggering an exchange of gunfire at a weekend soccer tournament in Delaware that left three people dead and two wounded apparently targeted the tournament organiser, but authorities would not comment about the motive.The dead included the tournament organiser, a 16-year-old boy participating in the tournament and one of three suspects alleged to have initiated the deadly violence on Sunday afternoon at a park near downtown Wilmington.One of two suspects taken into custody was the subject of an outstanding warrant charging him with first-degree murder in a 2008 shooting, authorities said.Police on Monday said one or more people in the crowd returned fire at the gunmen in the latest in a spike of fatal shootings that has exacerbated concerns about violent crime in Wilmington.Captain Nancy Dietz, head of the Wilmington police department's criminal investigations division, said the gunmen apparently targeted tournament organiser Herman Curry, 47, of New Castle.According to witnesses, one of the gunmen tapped Curry on the shoulder, and he was fatally shot in the chest when he turned around, Dietz said.\"It does not appear to be a random shooting,\" said Dietz, who refused to confirm reports suggesting that Curry was targeted because he was a witness to the 2008 shooting.Also killed was Alexander Kamara, 16, of Pike Creek, who died after being shot in the head. Kamara was a student at AI DuPont High School in Greenville, where he wrestled and played soccer.One of the alleged gunmen, Sheldon Olge, 43, suffered multiple gunshot wounds and was pronounced dead at Christiana Hospital.\"He and the other two suspects came to the game, fired multiple rounds and then got in their car and fled the scene,\" Dietz said.Authorities said the vehicle crashed a short distance away. Olge, who police believe was living in Maryland, was found inside the vehicle. Otis Phillips, 35, of New Castle and Jeffrey Phillips, 22, of Wilmington fled on foot but were found hiding in a vacant lot. Police said the two men are not related.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14790858", "title": "Traffic cops fine 3,848 vehicle users", "text": "PUNE: As many as 3,848 vehicle users were fined to the tune of Rs 4.02 lakh by the traffic police for stopping their vehicles on zebra crossings at traffic signals in the last 10 days.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre said motorists often stop their vehicles on the zebra crossing at junctions which makes it difficult for pedestrians to cross the road and this could further lead to accidents.He said the traffic police have been conducting a special drive against such traffic offenders.In the last six months, from January to June, the traffic branch took action against a total of 12,443 vehicles and collected a fine of Rs 12.77 lakh.The action against vehicles stopping on zebra crossings will continue, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14788639", "title": "Minor saved from abusive dad", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 16-year-old girl was rescued from the clutches of her abusive father on Saturday, cops said. The girl's mother had left their house in central Delhi after which the minor was sexually assaulted by her father for years, they added. She was allegedly subjected to unnatural sex and other forms of abuse.Cops said the girl was also stabbed when she had protested against the treatment.A case under Sections 376 (rape), 377 (unnatural sex), 336 (an act endangering another's life), 506 (criminal intimidation), 509 (outraging a girl's modesty), 324 (causing hurt) of the IPC has been filed against the 45-year-old man. The accused has been remanded in judicial custody.The victim was able to step out of her house near Karol Bagh and approach cops after her \"aunt\" extended support. The minor revealed that her father was a petty criminal and started abusing her after her mother left the house. She said if she resisted, he would hold her at knife-point and stab her on the thighs, arms and legs. She was beaten up too.A cop said the \"aunt\" was reportedly her stepmother and even she used to harass the girl. However, she took pity on her after seeing the extent of brutality and approached police.The victim told cops that the only time she could live without fear was when her father went to jail. But he resumed the cruelties after his release. The victim's statement was recorded and she was sent for a medical examination. The minor was produced before the CWC and is being given counselling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14787892", "title": "Retired ASI robbed of Rs one lakh cash", "text": "NAGPUR: Two bike-borne tricksters decamped with Rs one lakh cash from the possession of a retired assistant sub-inspector of State Reserve Police Force (SRPF) at Hingna T-point on Monday afternoon.The incident took place when Ganesh Pali, a resident of MIDC, was returning home on his two-wheeler after withdrawing the cash from a bank at Dharampeth. Pali had kept the cash in the two-wheeler's dickey. Pali was approached by the tricksters from behind on a bike. They stopped Pali by asking him to clear dirt from his shirt with taking water from a roadside tea stall.As Pali headed to the tea stall along with one of the tricksters, his accomplice broke open the lock of the dickey and then both of them sped away with the cash. Pali later lodged a complaint with Rana Pratap Nagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "14789722", "title": "Toddler falls into 14-ft-deep well in Howrah, dies", "text": "HOWRAH: A toddler died after she accidentally fell into a 14 feet deep uncovered well in the courtyard of her house. The incident that took place in Howrah's Bankra on Monday, comes barely a week after a 50-year-old rickshawpuller lost balance while trying to draw up drinking water and fell into a well in Domjur. This is the third such incident within a fortnight.Two-and-a-half-year-old Puja Shaw lived on the ground floor of a rented apartment in Bankra. On Monday morning, the girl was playing around the house with her mother. But the mother may have turned away her attention for a few minutes, when the child went into the courtyard and later fell into the well. The baby was last seen around 8am.The moment her mother realized, she raised an alarm. But 40 minutes had already passed by. Local diggers climbed down the well and retrieved the girl. But she appeared limp. She was rushed to hospital where Puja was declared dead. slipped and fell into a well and died in Howrah's Bankra in the Domjur police station area this morning. Police called it an accident. The girl was declared dead when she was taken to the Howrah General Hospital. This is the third incident of people falling and dying inside dug wells in the district.Two and a half year old Puja Shaw lived with her parents in the groundfloor of a rented apartment at Bankra. She was playing near her rooms along with her mother when she was last seen, around 8 am. Thereafter, her mother became unmindful for a few moments and the girl escaped her mother's attention and fell into the well. The girl's mother raised an alarm and local well diggers climbed down and retrieved her body. However 40 minutes had passed by then and the girl looked limp. When she was rushed to the hospital she was declared dead.Locals said that the well was shallow and also served as a reservoir from where water was supplied to residents on the upper floors of the apartment.The 14 feet deep well, with a which has a two and a half feet diameter of two-and-a half feet, does not have any wall around it. It was also lying uncovered, claimed locals.This is the third incident of people falling in open wells and dying, in Howrah. About a fortnight ago, 20 year old Roshan Mondal, a labourer, slipped and fell into an open well. The fire brigade brought him out of the well after 10 hours, dead. A week after that a rickshawpuller, Gopal Roy, who was drunk, bent over an open well trying to draw up some water to drink. He lost his balance, fell into the well and died.Police have rounded up the owner of the house, Nanda Shaw, has been arrested. They have also stepped up vigil at Howrah to locate open wells in rural Howrah and bring offenders to book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "14790890", "title": "Leaders spar over housing scheme", "text": "BELGAUM: MLA Prakash Hukeri and MLC Mahantesh Kavatagimath had heated arguments at the ZP office here on Monday over distribution of Rajiv Gandhi Corporation House to the beneficiaries.The two leaders had got 5,000 houses sanctioned under the scheme for Chikodi constituency. But the houses are yet to be handed over. ZP CEO V Shankar called a meeting of the two alongwith gram panchayat executive officer and asked them to prepare a list of the beneficiaries for final approval which will be verified by the GP president and panchayat development officer.\"Till date neither the MLA nor MLC have conducted a meeting with regard to distribution of houses. There are certain procedures that need to be followed while distributing these houses,\" added Shankar. The duo promised the ZP CEO that they will conduct a meeting at the earliest and submit the list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14791584", "title": "Mithi rules tweaked for select firms?", "text": "MUMBAI: For the Mithi river revival project, the BMC's conditions in the original tender hints at favouring specific contractors and automatically disqualifying a few.For qualifying, the BMC put the condition that the contractor must have pontoon-mounted poclain machines. But these machines are useless for the Mithi project as the river bed is rocky and the machines cannot function on such surface . Thus, this condition only favoured those firms that already had the machine.The BMC in 2007 appointed five contractors for widening and deepening Mithi and building a retaining wall along its 11.8-km stretch, for Rs 246 crore (the MMRDA looks after the remaining 6-km stretch of the river). Three contractors\u2014Unity SNB, Reliance Michigan (Relcon) and RPS Infra projects\u2014bid 35% above the BMC's estimates. Interestingly , the selected firms had pontoonmounted poclain machines with them.L S Vhatkar, the BMC's director of engineering and services (projects), said, \"This was done even before we took up the project. We will have to look into the matter.\"The contractors deny favouritism. \"We need the machine. We use it to remove floating materials. It is also not true that we are the only ones to have the machine,\" said an official from RPS Infra . While Relcon did not respond, Unity SNB was not available for comment.MLC Charan Singh Sapra, who has demanded a CID inquiry, told TOI, \"The tender conditions were made in a manner to favour specific contractors and help them qualify. All of us know that this machine cannot be used on rocky surfaces. It is majorly used for removing silt. How can this be made a major qualification when we are dealing with rocky surfaces?\"Another bone of contention has been the sudden discovery of rocks. Rock excavation now constitutes 50% of the project cost. Of Rs 800 crore, the BMC is spending around Rs 400 crore towards rock excavation. \"Compared to other departments, we are getting the work done at a much lower rate. We will soon take out a comparison chart,\" said additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta. Meanwhile, municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte has asked his officials to verify the amount of rocks excavated so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14788987", "title": "Drive to recover house tax arrears intensified", "text": "MARGAO: The recovery section of the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) has recovered house tax arrears amounting to Rs 32,88,878 from its defaulters after issuing a 15-day notice to them.The accounts cum taxation officer, Damodar Yelekar, said that after a list of defaulters was prepared, the defaulters were served with a notice. \"The municipality has set a target for the recovery of house tax areas and the drive has been intensified,\" Yelekar said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14788924", "title": "'I have no option but to go for legal battle'", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the CBI filed chargesheet against him and high ranking bureaucrats, politicians and military personnel, former chief minister Ashok Chavan briefed senior Congress leaders on the row over the Adarsh scam. \"I was told that my supporters strongly expressed their view in the Congress legislature party meeting. I have made it clear to my supporters that they should not take any step that will politically be beneficial to Shiv Sena or BJP or our rival organisations and that their act should not cause damage to the Congress party,\" Chavan told TOI.Stating that the sentiments of his supporters are strong, Chavan said ever since the Adarsh scam broke out, all along he had specifically asked his supporters to express their views, but not to exceed the limits. \"We have built the party... it will be wrong to take such steps that will destroy or damage the organization,\" he said.Chavan said he has no option but to fight it out legally. \"I have no other option. I will have to follow the process of law. It will be a long-drawn legal battle, but I am sure, I will come out innocent and clean,\" he said.On the day the CBI filed the chargesheet, Chavan had observed that it was unexpected and unfortunate and also described it as a political conspiracy of his rivals. In fact, while deposing before the Adarsh commission probing into the row over the ownership of land, Chavan had submitted that while he was not involved in the scam, the land was actually allotted by his predecessor Vilasrao Deshmukh.A senior Congress minister said prima facie, it appears that no strategy was drafted to protect Chavan, Deshmukh and Sushilkumar Shinde. The minister also said the affidavit filed by the state government before the high court against the CBI probe was very weak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14790227", "title": "Vadodara Municipal Corporation mulls radio frequency IDs to curb cattle menace", "text": "VADODARA: Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) is contemplating to use radio frequency identification (RFID) microchips to identify cattle that come to its pond. RFID microchips will ascertain if some cattle is coming repeatedly to the cattle pond after being impounded and the civic body can recommend strict action against its owners.VMC officials said that RFID was being considered in wake of the fact that the cattle menace refused to go down on the roads in the city. Also, the cattle rearers were not willing to move them outside the city sighting various practical problems. Once a RFID microchip is put behind the ear of a bovine, it will be immediately identified if it comes to the cattle pond again. \"There will be a reader at the pond that will alert us regarding any cattle that comes to the pond again. If an animal comes repeatedly, we can recommend strict action against its owner,\" said VMC market superintendent Mangesh Jaiswal.Earlier, the civic body was looking to use plastic tags on the cattle. But this idea has been set aside as cattle owners may remove it. Jaiswal said that the police could examine various provisions that it could invoke against the cattle owners that were repeatedly found on roads in the city. He added that the costs involved were also not very exorbitant. A company would be giving VMC a presentation regarding the system on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14788231", "title": "Kanpur bus drivers, conductors stage protest", "text": "KANPUR: City bus drivers and conductors staged a protest near Panchakki Chauraha near Mall Road on Monday in protest against alleged manhandling of a driver and conductor by a local shop-keeper, Raju, and his supporters.The protesters blocked the roads for nearly an hour, alleging that the driver, Avneesh Kumar, and conductor Rishabh Shukla, had been attacked for stopping bus in front of the grocery shop belonging to Raju.According to UPSRTC sources, the incident happened in no-tempo zone. Raju and his supporters not only attacked the city bus staff, they even threatened them with dire consequences.Later, the police rushed to the spot to ease traffic congestion following protest by UPSRTC personnel.Several furious bus drivers and conductors demanded that action be taken against the attackers. \"The shop-keeper and his aides had attacked the bus staff without any provocation. Action should be taken against them at the earliest,\" said an agitated Shyam, a UPSRTC staffer.Senior police and UPSRTC officials tried to pacify the protestors and promised that action would be taken against the offenders soon.Following chaos, hundreds of commuters at Shuklaganj bridge, Juhari Devi college, Mall road and Express road were stranded due to protest by the UPSRTC employees.Many commuters were furious at being made to endure several hours delay because of the protests. They even complained that bus drivers frequently stop their vehicles in the middle of the road to pick up passengers.\"The bus drivers should also not haphazardly park their vehicles on the road and should strictly follow the rules to avoid giving hardship to commuters,\" said Shashi Tripathi, a bank employee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14792243", "title": "'Check waterborne diseases in Bholakpur'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hyderabad collector Natarajan Gulzar on Monday directed Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) and Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) officials to take precautionary measures to prevent water-borne diseases in Bholakpur.In view of the monsoon, the collector convened a special meeting with GHMC, HMWS&SB;, plastic and tannery industries' representatives. The government had constituted a committee headed by the collector after 12 persons died due to water contamination in 2009.Speaking on this occasion, the collector directed GHMC officials to lift refuse of tanneries and plastic industries on daily basis.He asked the Water Board officials to check pollution by collecting water samples from different localities. HMWS&SB; executive director G S Panda Das said they were fixing return valves to all water connections in Bholakpur.Meanwhile, representatives of plastic industries said they were ready to relocate their units to Rampally in Rangareddy district provided the government supplies them basic amenities like water, electricity, roads and sewerage network.GHMC additional commissioner (Health &amp; Sanitation), L Vandan Kumar said a special meeting would be convened soon with the owners of tanneries and plastic industries to discuss about cleanliness.Bholakpur corporator Wajid Hussain brought the unhygienic conditions in the area to the collector's notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14790206", "title": "Love in Tokyo: Bengal's second-biggest FDI pact today", "text": "KOLKATA: It may be a bad acronym politically in present-day Bengal, but FDI is keeping the state's hopes of an industrial revival alive.Maharatna steel major SAIL will sign a memorandum of agreement (MoA) with Japanese steel giant Kobe Steel in Tokyo on Tuesday for its proposed Rs 1,500-crore iron ore nugget project in Durgapur - the second-biggest Japanese foreign direct investment in Bengal after Mitsubishi Chemicals' MCC PTA project in Haldia.Industry experts said this is for the first time an MoA for a Bengal project will be signed in Japan. Union steel minister Beni Prasad Verma , steel secretary DRS Chaudhary, joint secretary (steel) U P Singh, SAIL chairman C S Verma and other senior officials of SAIL and the top executives of Kobe Steel will be present. A joint venture company - SAIL-Kobe Iron India Pvt Ltd where both partners will hold equal equity - has already been incorporated. The proposed plant will have a capacity to produce 0.5 million tonne of iron nuggets per year.SAIL chairman C S Verma discussed this project with chief minister Mamata Banerjee during his last visit to Writers' Buildings when SAIL signed an MoU with Burn Standard for a wagon component facility at Jellinghum in East Midnapore.Kobe Steel is one of Japan's leading steelmakers and a major supplier of aluminium and copper products. The Kobe group's business empire includes wholesale power supply, machinery, construction machinery, real estate , electronic material and other businesses. Founded in 1905, the over Rs 1.3-lakh-crore group is one of the largest metal companies in the world. Numerous consolidated and equity-valued companies in Japan, the US, Europe and other Asian countries make up the group.A SAIL official claimed the Durgapur plant would only be the second instance of such a plant being set up anywhere in the world. While the new plant will come up at the Alloy Steel Plant in Durgapur, Kobe Steel had earlier set up a commercial project using ITmk3 at Minnesota in the US. The new iron-making technology - Itmk3 - will be used to make iron ore nuggets, which can be used in electric arc furnaces.\"The new project is likely to consist of one ITmk3 iron-making plant and associated facilities. It is learnt that about 80% of the iron ore required for the plant will be from SAIL mines while the remaining 20% will be sourced from dumps,\" a source in SAIL said.The ITmk3 technology is the latest generation iron-making technology where high-quality, environment-friendly iron nuggets are produced by using iron ore fines and non-coking coal. Iron nuggets are an ideal steel-making and ironcasting feed material.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14787496", "title": "45-year-old wanted for raping minor", "text": "MUMBAI: The Kurar police are looking for a 45-year-old man who kidnapped and raped a minor. The accused stayed in the same neighbourhood as the victim at a slum colony in Malad East.\"He developed a relationship with the 16-year-old victim, who lived in the same slum as him.Later, the girl's mother was returned home and was shocked to discover that the minor was pregnant. Since abortion would have been risky, Doctors said abortion would pose a risk to the girl's life.the girl delivered the child. The accused kidnapped her and the newborn and left the city,\" a police official said. The police hasn't revealed the identity of the accused and are trying to trace his whereabouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14790439", "title": "North Western Railways set to make tatkal scheme tout-free", "text": "JAIPUR: Officials of the North Western Railways (NWR) have set up special teams to monitor the tatkal ticketing system from 10 am to 12 noon to keep touts and railway agents at bay.To ensure a cent percent compliance of the directives of the railway ministry, the special teams are deputed at the various railway stations including Jaipur, Ajmer, Jodhpur, Udaipur and other divisions of the NWR.The railway's move will streamline the delivery of tickets under tatkal scheme from Tuesday onwards.Earlier, tatkal counters used to open from 8 am onwards for booking tickets in advance in which both passengers and railway agents were entertained. In that process, the agents generally exhausted all the tickets and needy passengers were deprived.\"Now the time of opening of the tatkal window and booking such tickets online would be from 10 am. During the 10 am to 12 pm period, no agent having ID cards of Indian Railways Travel and Catering Corporation (IRCTC) would be entertained. He can book tickets for his family but cannot do so for his clients with the new system,\" a senior officer of the commercial section of NWR said.The NWR authorities held several meetings to ensure that the new system works flawlessly.\"It is a computerized system in which tatkal tickets cannot be booked before 10 am. But for us, we have made teams of officials who will monitor the process to ensure cent percent compliance,\" said Lalit Bohara, chief public relations officer of NWR, on Monday.He said reservation clerks have been asked to be vigilant to identify railway agents in the queue and depriving the common passengers.\"We have made arrangements at the reservation counters for orderly implementation of the amendment in the scheme like segregation of tatkal buyers through separate queues and separate counters among others as per the local requirement and feasibility,\" Bohara added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14789596", "title": "Property prices, power tariff set to head north", "text": "LUCKNOW: Buying property and paying electricity bills are all set to become expensive, deepening your worries amid ever rising inflation index. While on one hand, the DM circle rate is set to see a jump of 10% to 25%, the electricity bills, essentially those of commercial establishments, would rise by around 15%.To begin with, the new DM circle rate, which comes into application from Tuesday, will take into account the width of roads on which the property is situated. If a property situated on a road having a width between 9 metres and 12 metres, it will see a price revision of 10%. Those situated between 12 metres and 18 metres would have their price scaled up by 20%. Likewise, properties situated on a road, which more than 18 metres broad, the property will get dearer by 25%. Properties having roads on two sides will have an additional 10% hike.The revised DM circle rate, which by definition is the minimum market rate, would not only raise the real estate prices, but will also escalate the cost of property registry.This way, DM circle rate (which is the minimum market rate) in areas like Gomtinagar will have its range revised from Rs 22,000 per square metres to 26,000 per square metres. Vipul Khand and Nehru Enclave, which had a rate of Rs 22,000 per square metres will have the maximum circle rate of Rs 26,000 per square metres. They will be followed by Vibhuti Khand where the DM circle rate will rise from Rs 22,000 per square metres to Rs 25,000 square metres.Residential areas like Indiranagar and Mahanagar will also see their circle rates revised from Rs 15,000 per square metres to Rs 18,000 square metres.Properties within 25 metres off the main road along Hazratganj will, for obvious reasons, have the DM circle rate revised from Rs 40,000 per square metres to Rs 55,000 per square metres, which is the maximum. Likewise, properties situated along Vidhan Sabha will have their circle rate revised from Rs 35,000 to Rs 50,000 per square metres.The rate for the apartments and flats will be computed in the following manner: The circle rate will be multiplied by the covered area. This will be added to 20% of the covered area. Another 10% will be added in case the apartment has a modular kitchen, Jacuzzi, wooden wardrobe or anyone of them. This will go up to 15%, if the apartment complex has a swimming pool or a club or both.It is obvious that the decision to raise the circle rate will jack up the real estate prices. Real estate agents in the city, however, claim that it will depend on the demand, which has seen a plunge in recent times.Hiked power tariff will be another blow to the consumers, essentially for the commercial areas. According to a proposal of the UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL), commercial establishments will see every section of their electricity bill going up. While the minimum charge is proposed to be hiked from Rs 345 to Rs 500, the fixed charges will see a rise from the existing Rs 115 to Rs 300 per kW/month. The per unit charge is also proposed to be scaled up from Rs 4.95 to Rs 5.75 up to 300 units and Rs 6.00 per unit above that. This is for the first time that a limit of 300 units has been set for the commercial establishments.For obvious reasons, the hike in power tariff has only raised the possibility of a rise in commodity prices, as shopkeepers would tend to pass on the burden to the consumers.Thankfully, residential consumers in the urban and rural areas have been kept away from the proposed hike in power tariff. They will continue to pay at the rate of Rs 3.45 per unit (up to 200 units) and Rs 3.80 per unit for consumption beyond 200 units. However, speculations are rife that the corporation may push in for a slight rise in the power tariff. The UP Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) would hear a petition of UPPCL soon in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14789313", "title": "Historians contest antiquity of Edakkal inscriptions", "text": "KOCHI: Historians and linguists in the state are divided over the antiquity of the Malayalam inscription discovered two weeks ago in Edakkal caves and claimed to be 1,800 years old, making it the oldest Malayalam phrase known.The Brahmi script etched in primitive rocks is said to belong to the 3rd century and translated as \"Ee Pazhama\" [this (is) ancient]. Many linguists in Kerala cried foul over the hype over this recent find. Well-known historian Dr M R Raghava Warrier, a specialist in Edakkal cave inscriptions, stated that this would be a 'dangerous interpretation of the script'.\"It is a dangerous claim, and by all means it looks like they are reading too much into these two words. The government has evaded discussions with linguists outside this committee. This shows that the government is rather impatient and have an unscientific approach to the whole process,\" Dr Warrier told TOI.Noted historian Dr M G S Narayanan said that a detailed study has to be done before going public with it.Meanwhile, Dr Naduvattom Gopalakrishnan, a Dravidian linguist and the convener of the committee of experts which is gathering proof for the recognition of Malayalam as a classic language, claimed that this phrase would be able to win over the panel that would decide on the antiquity of the language.\"Grammar is the skeleton of any existing language. In this 3rd century phrase, they have used 'ee' which is a proximate demonstrate and an independent phoneme, which is almost 1,800 years old. If this inscription was in Tamil which also has the word 'pazhama', the proximate demonstrate would have been 'evu'. It is a simple but stark example of the independence that Malayalam has with its neighbouring language. But we believe that there has been a shared common stage of development,\" said Dr Gopalakrishnan.An additional copy containing the argument of the experts, compiled by Dr Gopalakrishnan and his team, has been sent to prime minister Manmohan Singh , a few days back. \"This current finding sheds light to the theory of 'Proto Tamil Malayalam' or a common stage of development for the two languages. The west-coast dialect of the Proto Malayalam developed as Malayalam and the east-coast dialect developed as modern Tamil. Hence Malayalam is as old as Tamil and it is not an offshoot of Tamil, with a continuous history of 22 centuries,\" noted the professor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14785916", "title": "Best Bakery: HC upholds life term for 4, acquits 5", "text": "MUMBAI: Ten years after Best Bakery in Vadodara was set ablaze during the Gujarat carnage of 2002, killing 14 people, the Bombay high court on Monday upheld the life term awarded to four accused. A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode acquitted five other accused, giving them \"benefit of doubt\".Relying on the evidence of four workers at the bakery who survived with serious injuries, the bench held Sanjay Thakkar, Dinesh Rajbhar, Jeetu Chauhan and Shanabhai Baria guilty of the killings. The court kept the testimony of Zahira Shaikh and her entire family at arm's length. It was, in fact, a plea by Zahira that had led the Supreme Court to order a retrial and transfer the case to Mumbai.The bench didn't spare the tardy investigations by Gujarat police. \"After the Supreme Court order, the police should have reinvestigated the case,\" said the judges, adding, \"The police in their 'supreme overconfidence' did not think it fit to carry out further investigations. This was a serious lapse on the part of the investigation team. Whoever was in charge of the investigations probably thought that Zahira Shaikh and others who had complained of coercion (in Gujarat) would not turn hostile.\"Special public prosecutor Manjula Rao and additional public prosecutor Jayesh Yagnik said they would wait for the reasoning of the HC judgment before deciding on an appeal. The defence team of senior advocate Adhik Shirodkar and advocates Vinayak Bichu, Mangesh Pawar and D S Jambaulikar were \"satisfied'' with the outcome and said they would consider filing an appeal.Of the 21 accused initially charged with the murders and acquitted by a trial court in Gujarat, only 17 faced retrial in a special Mumbai court. In 2006, the special Mumbai court had convicted nine accused. The prosecution case was that the accused were part of the mob of 1,200 that had set upon the only Muslim family \u2014that of late Habibullah Khan, Zahira's father who owned Best Bakery \u2014 in the Hanuman Tekri locality in Vadodara during the Gujarat riots. Around 8.30pm on March 1, 2002 \u2014 two days after the Godhra incident \u2014 the mob gathered outside the residential building and bakery and set it on fire. Many died in the fire during the night. Those who survived till morning were made to get down from the terrace of the building, and were attacked with sticks and swords. Some died of injuries.The high court observed that the four survivors \u2014 Taufel Siddiqiue, Raees Khan, Shehzad Khan Pathan and Shailun Pathan \u2014 all originally from Uttar Pradesh, had given a graphic account of the incident.\"The four injured eyewitnesses have identified the four accused as carrying swords, soda bottles and kerosene bottles and attacking them. These witnesses survived by the skin of their teeth and are lucky to escape from the clutches of death. The injuries on their bodies are a witness to the ordeal they have undergone and it is a miracle they survived,'' said the court. The judges said that if they (the survivors) had wanted to falsely implicate the accused they could have named all accused. Despite some contradictions in their statements, \"merely because of the lapses on the part of the police (in recording their statements properly after they were discharged), their testimony cannot be discarded''.However, with regard to the five other accused \u2014 Raju Baria, Shailesh Tadvi, Jagdish Rajput, Pankaj Gosavi and Suresh Vesava \u2014 there was no corroboration. \"The statements of witnesses mention just their presence at the site of the attack, without attributing any specific role to them in the attacks,\" said the judges while acquitting them on the \"benefit of doubt\".For the four convicts there was some relief. The HC said their sentences would be concurrent with their life term \u2014 which means that there is a possibility that they could be released in a few years. The court also ordered that the convicts be shifted to a prison in Gujarat to serve out the remainder of their sentences.The HC, which pronounced the operative part of the verdict, will continue dictating the remaining part of its verdict on Tuesday. The court is also likely to hear two applications \u2014 one filed by Yasmeen Shaikh and another filed by activist Teesta Setalvad. Yasmeen, who was one of the key eyewitnesses to support the prosecution case even as other family members turned hostile, has alleged that she was \"lured and misguided\" into giving false testimony by Setalvad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14792542", "title": "Changing loyalties: Congress, TDP stumped", "text": "In the wake of severe drubbing they received at the hands of YSR Congress, top leaders of both the ruling Congress and main opposition Telugu Desam Party are engaged in 'introspection' over the erosion of their 'traditional vote-BANKS.' The Congress leaders are perceptibly worried, since they do not know why their voters deserted them in the recent bypolls and whether it would be possible for the party to regain the confidence of these sections in the simultaneous elections to Lok Sabha and Assembly in 2014.The problem seems to be compounded because the traditional caste equations that helped the Congress and TDP Party to retain their traditional vote-banks even when they suffered reverses in the Assembly polls have turned topsy-turvy in the recent bypolls.The two powerful caste groups - Reddys and Kammas - are no longer enamoured with the Congress and TDP respectively. Kapus and Balijas, who had supported Prajarajyam in the 2009 polls, have also preferred YSR Congress now.The task before the Congress and TDP has really turned herculean in the run-up to the make-or-break 2014 general elections. Even when they suffered the worst reverses in the successive general elections during 1983-2009, the Congress and TDP retained their vote-banks: their respective vote-shares did not go down the one-third mark. But, now, both these parties have ended up getting only 20% vote share each in Seemandhra.With 175 Assembly seats, besides 25 Lok Sabha constituencies, Seemandhra holds the key to who will rule the state-as well as the Centre-after the 2014 polls. The caste matrix in the Coastal and Seema regions has undergone a sea change now. The Congress seems to have lost its grip over its traditional supporters-dalits, girijans, Reddys and Muslims-whereas the TDP has also suffered erosion of its base among Kammas and OBCs. On the other hand, YSR Congress has drawn support of all these sections.In the 2009 elections, for instance, almost two-thirds of the Reddys had voted for Congress across the state, whereas two-thirds of Kammas plumped for TDP. More than 50% of Kapus had voted for Prajarajyam. Congress had secured almost 50% of the votes of Malas and Madigas (two powerful Scheduled Castes) as well as Scheduled Tribes and Muslims. TDP-led Maha Kutami had polled a majority of votes of Yadavas, Gowdas and other OBCs. In the 2004 polls, 70% of Reddys, SCs and STs, 68% Muslims, 52% OBCs and 47% Kapus had voted for Congress whereas 52% Kammas had supported the TDP.Traditionally, Reddys have dominated the local politics in as many as 14 districts across the state, followed by Kammas in three districts, Kapus in two districts, other BCs in three districts, and Muslims in one district (Hyderabad). In some districts, these dominant castes share power with each other. And, it has been found in successive elections that these dominant groups retain their stranglehold on local politics by switching loyalties to the winning side. While the media is slow to sense the under-currents among the vote-banks, the political class is quick to do so.Now, with many young Reddy leaders waiting in the wings to jump on to the YSR Congress bandwagon, the Congress is hard-pressed to retain its hold on this powerful caste group. SCs, STs and BCs are on a war-path against the present government in the state for its perceived acts of omission and commission. Muslims, too, are not very happy with the state of affairs, particularly lax implementation of various schemes meant for them. Kammas are also having second thoughts on continuing their support for TDP.The government's policies and programmes, schemes and initiatives for the farmers, weaker sections and other interest groups do not seem to bother the people much. The hullabaloo over Jagan's disproportionate assets and rampant corruption in the state and team Anna's anti-graft crusade hardly mattered to the masses who had lined up in front of polling booths in the recent bypolls, cutting across caste, community and class barriers. Presidential hopeful P A Sangma may be joking about a miracle to see him through on July 19 but the Congress and TDP may need lot of luck to face the challenge in 2014 elections.(The writer is a member of the AP Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14790699", "title": "Passerby injured as cement falls on him at Metro site", "text": "JAIPUR: Metro sites continue to be in new for wrong reasons. On Monday, a lump of cement fell on a passerby at a Metro site near Shushilpura, Sodala.The passerby, GS Khangarot (45), received 15 stitches and a plaster on his right hand after the cement fell on him. The incident took place around 2 pm when he was on his way to his home at Prithviraj Nagar.I was on my bike when suddenly a solid piece of cement fell on my helmet and then on my right shoulder. I lost my balance. Later the Metro officials and site workers took me nearby hospital,\" said Khangarot. \"Helmet saved my life, otherwise I would have received major injuries. Metro officials promised to take care of my treatment but they should be more careful,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14786626", "title": "Speed, road rage make youngsters prone to mishaps", "text": "NAGPUR: Orthopaedicians say living in the fast lane and road rage are the most common reasons for youngsters suffering injuries on roads. The installation of new team of Vidarbha Orthopaedic Society (VOS) on Sunday saw several orthopaedicians coming together. Dr Sudhir Kapoor, secretary of the Indian Orthopedic Association, was the chief guest. They discussed some important issues related to their practice including the growing menace of fractures\"A majority of our patients are the ones suffering fractures. Any practitioner will have 5-7 patients each day. The incidence is much higher, averaging 15-20 patients per day, in government institutions,\" said Dr Satyajeet Jagtap, the new president of VOS and an associate professor at Government Medical College and Hospital.One of the most common fractures is that of wrist but as it does not interfere with people's movements and other important functions, it is less talked about than hip and knee fractures, he informed. \"Being bedridden can bring along physiological, psychological and financial trouble too. Most patients, though, come in with multiple injuries,\" he added.The trauma suffered in an accident by the victim is directly proportional to speed of the vehicle involved, said the Dr Pradeep Kukde of Bhandara. Fractures in the bigger bones of the lower limbs were the most common as legs were most affected in such accidents, he added.Agreed Dr Milind Kulkarni of Miraj explaining, \"the sudden jerks and fast movements have a direct impact on one's legs as one drives. Many times, alcohol is also in the equation making the deal worse. It also causes ligament tears and other such problems.\"Dr Gautam Zaveri of Mumbai included industrialization in the list of culprits, too. \"Though the number of vehicles on our roads is increasing, we still lack the patience and civic sense needed to steer our way through congested traffic. Industries are no safe places too. Most places of work hardly observe any safety regulations,\" he said. Many masons and bricklayers come to doctors, having fallen from a height while working without any safety gear on, he adds.In most road accidents, youngsters do not have a significant trauma as their bones are young and strong, said Dr Kulkarni. \"The technological advancements like transplants also enable us to bring the patient back to the pre-accident condition sooner. This means that their quality of life will not be affected much and they would not have painful and stiff bones,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14786039", "title": "Scarless operations via \u2018spider tech\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The humble navel has been an onscreen scorcher in many Bollywood and south Indian movies but now, the belly button is all set to don a more responsible role - the scarless route to treat common abdominal conditions like appendix, gall bladder stones and the weight loss bariatric surgery.Surgeons in Delhi will for the first time in Asia Pacific use what is called a 'spider technology' \u2014 a single flexible laparoscopy instrument that will do away with the need for five incisions or scars for any abdominal intervention.Instead, the rod like machine will enter through the belly button and open up like an umbrella within the abdomen, providing the surgeon with several instruments with 360-degree range of motion along with small cameras.Once the procedure is completed, the system closes up and is removed through the same incision.Dr Pradeep Chowbey, who heads the Max Institute of Minimal Access, Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery, will conduct the surgery on Tuesday. He said the greatest benefit is that there will be no visible scar because the 'spider' enters the abdomen through a small puncture at the navel.In conventional laparoscopic surgery, surgeons place multiple incisions (five scars) in various parts of the abdomen in order to utilize several specialized instruments to achieve the necessary angles and access critical anatomical areas.\"This new technology is also hygienic as the instrument is disposable and for every new patient, a new instrument is used. This technology has not been used in Asia Pacific before,\" Dr Chowbey said.\"This is a quantum jump from the rigid laproscope. The spider is a flexible operating platform which has multiple arms, each acting as a separate instrument. Earlier, for any abdominal surgery, we had to make 3-4 extra punctures for different instruments to go in, leaving multiple scars 5-10 mm in diameter. With the spider, the laproscopic surgery will be scar-less. The instrument will go in and open up like an umbrella. The different limbs have different function - one could be a holder, another a dissector and the other a clip applier,\" he added.\"Lesser scars will mean lesser pain. Patients who receive a spider surgical procedure may experience less scarring with the potential for limited post-operative pain and a fast recovery to normal activities. We will put a water proof dressing on the belly button after the instrument is taken out. There will be no stitches,\" Dr Chowbey said.According to the doctor, getting operated with a spider technology will cost around Rs 30,000 more than a normal laproscopic surgery.In the 1990s, many surgeons began transitioning certain procedures from large, open incisions to multiple, smaller incisions through laparoscopic surgery. The surgeons had to learn an entirely new technique for performing complex surgeries, but the benefits of less invasive procedures drove many surgeons to embrace this innovation.A flexible laparoscopy (scar-less surgery) is a class of minimally invasive surgery that utilizes small, flexible instruments that are controlled by a surgeon often through a single site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14791120", "title": "1,522 standard XI bifocal science seats still vacant", "text": "PUNE: A total of 1,522 std XI bifocal science stream seats remained vacant at the end of the counseling-based table round allotment process on Monday. \"Of these, 1,013 seats were meant for candidates falling under the statutory reservation category like scheduled caste/scheduled tribe (SC, ST), VJNT and OBCs,\" deputy district vocational officer D C Nevase told TOI.Nevase said, \"The high number of vacancies in the statutory quota seats is mainly on account of the eligible students looking for other alternatives like post-std X diploma courses besides many of these students can not afford the high fees for the unaided bifocal seats.\"Usually, the vacant seats are later converted into general science seats and students are admitted against these seats at institution level after the CAP is over.The focus of the ongoing std XI centralized admission process (CAP) for 159 junior colleges in the city and neighbouring Pimpri-Chinchwad, now shifts to the allotment of the larger section of conventional arts, science and commerce streams. The first list of allotment is expected to be released by the std XI CAP committee on July 18.This year, the district vocational office had declared availability of 5,525 bifocal science seats at 73 junior colleges, for trades like computer science, electronics, information technology, scooter motor servicing, electrical and mechanical maintenance. Students, who intend to pursue engineering studies after std XII, usually opt for these seats as it enables them get rid of one language and biology subject.Often, the grantable seats, which are at few junior colleges like the Fergusson and Abasaheb Garware colleges, get allotted in the first two days of the table round allotment process. However, computer science, electronics and information technology seats normally fall in the non-grantable category, which draw relatively high fees.Nevase said, \"Barring the 10% seats management quota seats and the 50% quota for minority-run institutions, a total of 4,640 seats were available for the table round allotment process, which started on July 4. Of these, 3,118 seats were allotted and the remaining 1,522 seats remained vacant.\"He said, \"Of the 539 seats reserved for SC candidates, only 246 admissions were effected. Similarly, only 29 of the 300 seats meant for ST candidates, could be filled. In the VJNT category, 180 seats were filled against availability of 450 and 572 seats were allotted as against 771 seats meant for OBC candidates.\"Most vacancies were in the junior colleges located in the fringe areas like Chandannagar and Yerawada in the east parts of the city and Narhe, which is situation off the Katraj-Dehu Road bypass. Last year, the CAP committee had reported 550 vacant seats for bifocal science stream.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14787268", "title": "Sunil Joshi murder case: SC relief for Pragya", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday ordered an interim stay on the Madhya Pradesh High Court's order allowing National Investigation Agency (NIA) to interrogate Malegaon blast accused Pragya Singh Thakur in the Sunil Joshi murder case.A bench of Justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad issued notice to NIA on Thakur's petition challenging the HC decision to permit her interrogation in presence of advocates in the murder case.Her counsel Anis Gupta claimed that NIA could not investigate offences which happened prior to the agency coming into existence in 2008. He said the murder took place in 2007.The bench, on learning that a similar plea had been taken by another Malegaon accused Sudhakar Dhar Dwivedi, tagged Thakur's petition with the pending one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14791567", "title": "Chokra Sabun pushing success for 60 yrs", "text": "LUDHIANA: In its journey of almost 60 years, the brand Chokra Sabun has seen many successes and also some disappointments. While their detergent soap has been a big hit among consumers, their venture of manufacturing bathing soap a?? Merci, which means thank you in French a?? got very cold response.However, the owners have not backed off from trying to push forward their success story. \"My father nurtured Chokra Sabun like his own son and he wanted to take it to reach many heights. We were the first local brand in Punjab to make TV commercials for our product in the mid 1980s. We hired leading Punjabi stars like Mehar Mittal and best lyricists to make the advertisements,\" said Amrit Lal Gupta, the owner. He added that they also made TV commercials with leading models for their bathing soaps but the initiative did not take off. For many residents, the washing soap is an integral part of domestic life. \"Chokra Sabun is an essential part of our monthly grocery. I have been buying this soap since 1960s and found its quality very good. Though many big brands of washing soaps are available now I don't feel the need to switch,\" said Neeru Jain, 66, of Sarabha Nagar.BRS Nagar-resident Amanjot Singhal, 25, said, \"Being a true Ludhianvi, I feel proud of Chokra Sabun as it is the city's own brand. Many of our relatives in Chandigarh and Delhi also use the same soap.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14791314", "title": "Gorge on junk food, yet stay slim with \u2018flab jab\u2019", "text": "LONDON: Struggling to shed those extra kilos? Fret not, as scientists have now developed a \"flab jab\" that fights against weight gain, even if you gorge on junk food as much as you like. The new obesity vaccine, which uses the immune system to fight weight gain, was found to help mice reduce about 10% of body weight four days after they have received it.What is more, the animals were being fed on high-fat food \u2014 suggesting the \"flab jab\" might allow people to eat badly yet stay slim, the researchers said. \"This study demonstrates possibility of treating obesity with vaccination,\" said lead study author Dr Keith Haffer of US firm Braasch Biotech.\"Although further studies are necessary to discover the longterm implications of these vaccines , treatment of human obesity with vaccination could provide physicians with a drug and surgical-free option against the weight epidemic,\" Haffer was quoted as saying by the Daily Mail.According to the scientists, the vaccine works by fooling the body's immune system into making antibodies against a hormone, called somatostatin. Somatostatin \u2014 which is made by the brain and the digestive system \u2014 interferes with other hormones, leading to the metabolism slowing down and weight being put on.The antibodies stop it from working, the metabolism speeds up and the pounds fall off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14792028", "title": "Monsoon picks up, showers drench city", "text": "INDORE: With monsoon gradually picking up, heavy showers drenched the city on Monday evening. The meteorological department officials predict that medium rainfall will continue for the coming two to three days all over the city.\"The eastern region of Madhya Pradesh will receive more rainfall as compared to the western region,\" said a weatherman. He added that the rainfall on Monday was 3.3 mm as reported till 5.30 pm whereas in next 24 hours 2 cm rainfall is predicted.People heaved a sigh of relief as the rainfall. A large crowd of enthusiastic\"Last time when I went out on a long drive with my friend to enjoy the pre-monsoon shower, I got sick but this will not stop me from going again on a drive with my friends, I don't mind getting wet. I have waited long for the first shower\" says Sonu Saha, a mass communication student.Similarly, Samrat Bangera, a B.Com final year student says, \"First shower made me remember a friend of mine and I hope she was there with me to enjoy these beautiful movement.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14788023", "title": "Cops get custody of 2 Indian Mujahideen men", "text": "Delhi Police was on Monday given 10-day custody of two alleged Indian Mujahideen members, brought from Karnataka, in the Jama Masjid attack case. The accused, Kafeel and Kamaal Ansari, are also believed to be involved in the Chinnaswamy attack. Cops said they will be brought face to face with 26/11 handler Abu Jundal (a co-accused in the case) and their statements will be matched to ascertain facts. Cops also believe their interrogation would reveal more about Yasin Bhatkal, IM's India boss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14792777", "title": "Ulfa blames Congress for Akhil attack", "text": "GUWAHATI: Ulfa hardliners on Monday slammed the Congress government and blamed it for attacking Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) leader Akhil Gogoi in Nalbari district.Akhil was assaulted by miscreants last week when he was surveying flood-affected areas of Purni village in Dharmapur constituency. Later, Akhil, too, blamed Congress workers for the attack and demanded a probe into the matter.Subsequently, police arrested Congress worker Tapan Barman for his alleged involvement in the attack. Protests, rail blockades, dharnas followed the incident demanding immediate arrest of the culprits.\"We condemn the attack on Akhil Gogoi. It was an act of Congress. Ulfa has noticed that some Congress politicians are even ready to destroy their opponents for political gains,\" stated Ulfa commander-in-chief Paresh Baruah (Paresh Asom) in an email. Blaming the politicians for anarchy, Baruah added, \"The attack on Akhil is part of the political anarchism.\"The Ulfa commander-in-chief, in his email, said the political system in the country would always try to dominate public campaigns that seek reformation. \"Whether it is Anna Hazare's anti corruption movement or any other agitation in Assam, none of them can bring changes in the system because of political influences,\" added Baruah.Meanwhile, Akhil Gogoi, who has been undergoing treatment in the Swahid Mukunda Kakati Civil Hospital at Nalbari, was discharged on Monday. However, KMSS alleged that Akhil was discharged forcibly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "", "code": "14788234", "title": "TB patient dies due to lack of proper treatment", "text": ": The special TB-DOTS (DOT-PLUS) program has failed to cure patients. A 56-year-old man lost his battle against multi-drug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) due to unavailability of proper treatment. According to the health officials, the patient died before the TB was diagnosed.Ram Shanker (56) died due to MDR-TB. He was getting treated at ESI Hospital, Azad Nagar which is specially meant to cure TB patients. Even after launching TB-DOTS (DOT-PLUS) program in the region, any death due to TB is shameful for the health authorities who claimed to provide proper and rapid treatment to the patients.TB-DOTS or DOT-PLUS program is a part of Revised National Tuberculosis Control Program, 1998.Under this scheme, the patients are administered TB drugs in the presence of a doctor at a designated medical centre. Such special medical centre was supposed to be constructed at Morari Lal Chest Hospital associated with Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Medical College. The special TB ward scheme was to become operational from 'World TB Day' celebrated on March 24 every year. But due to laxity of district health department, the special TB centre is still confined to papers only.Dr G S Bajpai, district tuberculosis officer (DTO) admitted that there were three suspected patients of MDR-TB in the district among which two were suffering from MDR-TB. The reports of the patients were sent to the central TB detection lab and it took three months for the reports to come.\"Zareena (20) from and Ram Shanker (56) were diagnosed with MDR-TB. According to the kin of Ram Shanker, he died few days back. While, Zareena has been referred to Lucknow for further treatment. The third patient, Shauki Lal (65) is diagnosed with simple TB whose treatment is going on in the district hospital,\" DTO added.The official refused to accept that this death is the result of the laxity on his part, as according to him, how treatment can be started before confirmation of the type of disease. He said that the construction of TB ward has been delayed due to Assembly and civic elections.\"We have tried our best to start the special TB ward. Even the funds are sanctioned but the delay is from the part of the authorities of Morari Lal Chest Hospital. They are still unable to identify the place to start the TB ward,\" a tuberculosis department official said.Dr Sudhir Chaudhary, chief medical superintendent of Morari Lal Chest Hospital, started giving excuses for delay in the establishment of special TB ward.\"The special TB ward has to constructed in ward number three of the hospital. But the nurses are not shifting the admitted patients in the ward to other beds. After I failed to make the nurses clean the ward, I passed the complaint to Dr Anand Swaroop, principal, GSVM to suggest solution to the problem,\" he added.According to sources, the hospital authorities are also in dilemma that they should start the TB ward in ward number three or shift the project to other building of the hospital. This decision is still pending even after crossing 100 days of the deadline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14791668", "title": "Endangered Siamese crocodiles saved in China", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese police rescued 3,600 endangered Siamese crocodiles last week in Southern China's Chongzuo city just before they were to be served as exotic dishes in Guangdong province.The crocodiles were intercepted on the China-Vietnam border on Tuesday in the Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region as they were being brought in from Vietnam . Police action throws light on the extent of crocodile smuggling, which experts say is more than 10 times of what is seized. The exotic meat of this animal fetches $94 a kilogram.Veterinarians said some of the smuggled crocodiles had died due to rough handling during capture and transportation, while the others are being given medical treatment. Siamese crocodiles , native to most Southeast Asian countries, are considered to be critically endangered. They fetch high value from connoisseurs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14789335", "title": "Industrialist 'hangs self' at Kundaim estate", "text": "PONDA: Anantprasad Nagvenkar, 46, an industrialist from Corlim in Tiswadi taluka, allegedly hanged himself to death at Kundaim on Monday. Ponda police said he was found hanging from a 'door latch' with a nylon rope inside a toilet of his industrial unit at the Kundaim industrial estate.Police sources say Nagvekar had a plastic packaging material producing unit at the industrial estate. When Nagvekar did not return from the toilet, concerned workers at the unit knocked on the door. Receiving no response they informed the Ponda police, who retrieved his body. The body has been preserved it in the mortuary of Goa Medical College (GMC) and Hospital at Bambolim for an autopsy to be conducted on Tuesday.Ponda police suspect family problems or a financial crisis may have led him to commit suicide. A case of an 'unnatural death\" has been registered by the Ponda police .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14797724", "title": "Virat Kohli learns to dance", "text": "Prabhu Dheva, for his debut as a television commercial director, will choreograph cricketer Virat Kohli . In fact, the filmmaker flew out to Bangkok on Sunday evening for the shoot.Excited about his new project, Prabhu told us, \"A story has to be told within a minute. That's a challenge. Also, I will work with Virat, someone who's not from the film industry.\"We found out that the ad is for a footwear brand. \"It's got plenty of action and a little bit of dancing. Virat wanted to be projected as a filmy hero,\" revealed a source close to the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14785511", "title": "Ansari set to get second term as Vice-President", "text": "NEW DELHI: Vice-President Hamid Ansari , who was blocked from being president, is set to get a second term in office with Congress veering around to supporting his candidature and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh initiating consultations with allies and other political parties.Ansari will be only the second person after Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan, India's first vice-president, to be elected to two consecutive terms in office.The vice-president was on UPA's shortlist and ran head-to-head with Pranab Mukherjee until he was tripped by SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and Trinamool boss Mamata Banerjee . However, he featured on the top of the probables' list for vice-president. Rajasthan governor Margaret Alva, former Maharashtra governor S C Jamir and Union minister for renewable energy Farooq Abdullah were also in the race.Moves to re-elect Ansari were revealed by Janata Dal (S) leader H D Deve Gowda after the PM spoke to him recently.Congress started consulting allies and other supporters after Singh secured Ansari's consent.As in the case of the presidential election, UPA's nominee appears to be a shoo-in, with even the BJP-led opposition indifferent about contesting an election whose outcome is known.BJP has not shown its hand yet, its best hope is that Mamata and Mulayam may inject an element of excitement.Left, which endorsed Ansari for the post five years ago, has promised its support again. So has the BSP. Mamata, who opposed Ansari as president because of his proximity to Left, remains an imponderable this time too. However, Congress circles are optimistic that Mulayam, who opposed Ansari in the race for Rashtrapati Bhavan, may support him for vice-president if only because opposing a Muslim from UP a second time may not go down well with his secular constituency.In fact, with indications encouraging hopes of support for Ansari also from unlikely quarters- Telangana Rashtra Samiti, TDP and even Jagan Mohan Reddy, Congress managers expect support of 60% of the electoral college which consists of all elected members of Parliament.Congress is hoping to garner the support of the around 460 MPs. While not spelling out UPA's exact numbers, parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal said, \"No names have been formalized but UPA's candidate will win comfortably.\"There was no official word but significantly, a report quoting Janata Dal (S) leader H D Deve Gowda in which he said the PM sought support for Ansari, was not contested either by the government or Congress.\"Let there be a formal announcement. Talks happen. What transpired between the Prime Minister and some others can be answered by only them. As far as the party is concerned, no final decision has been taken. There is a consultation process underway. When a decision is taken, it will be communicated to you,\" Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari told reporters.The main Opposition BJP does not have a candidate of its own in mind and its key ally Janata Dal (U) said the vice president's election would be discussed by the alliance. \"The matter will taken up by the NDA and a decision will be arrived at soon,\" said JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav who is also the alliance convenor.The Congress leadership hopes the successful completion of the vice-president's election will set the stage for some energetic action in government with a set of reform-oriented measures and legislative action intended to revive the economy and shake off a persistent impression that the Manmohan Singh government is in the grip of a policy paralysis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14786539", "title": "Low conviction rate, a result of poor security?", "text": "NAGPUR: The shocking lapse in security that rocked the Nagpur District and Sessions Court on Thursday has raised questions as to whether lack of security in the courtroom has any serious implications on the deliverance of justice.The incident, in which over 100 armed people allegedly managed to bypass the court security and attacked three witnesses inside the courtroom, has many people asking if flimsy security in the court is linked in any way to the low conviction rate in the city. It might be a factor, district government pleader Asif Qureshi told TOI. \"Shortage of security might make witnesses reluctant to come forward. As witnesses play instrumental roles in most cases, their hesitation may affect the outcome of the case, and lead to acquittals,\" he said.The increased vulnerability of witnesses and its impact on the functioning of the court is a concern that was echoed by many lawyers, given the lack of a proper witness protection programme in the country.But, other lawyers state that conviction rate is dependent on a number of reasons, and though lack of security may occasionally be one of the factors, there is no direct link between the two. \"The mechanism of the judiciary is independent from aspects such as security,'' said Amol Jaltare. District Bar Association president Sudip Jaiswal added that Nagpur has a much higher conviction rate than other parts of the state.The inefficiency of the security system also exposes the risks faced by lawyers, especially those involved in controversial cases. Qureshi, whose personal protection was withdrawn recently by the commissioner of police, said that public prosecutors like him have much to fear. \"Often the public prosecutors have to handle criminal cases, including those of Naxals and terrorists, on behalf of the state. Considering the poor security measures in the court, we are very susceptible to assaults in such circumstances,\" he said.Concerns regarding the imbalance between meagre security measures in the district court and the huge crowds of people who visit it everyday have also been raised. While the district court is frequented by almost 25-30 times the number of people who visit the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court everyday, the HC has much better security procedures in place. CCTV cameras are installed in the courtroom, and a strict watch is maintained throughout the premises by the police.Such measures should also be adopted by the district court, said lawyer Smita-Sarode Singalkar. \"The absence of adequate security facilities, especially for the large number clients who visit the court every day, is a big problem. A proper response plan needs to be in place to counter such attacks. Only then will the lawyers as well as the people who visit the court feel secure,\" she said.(with inputs by Devika Girish)Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14791665", "title": "Rain brings relief in drought-hit areas", "text": "MUMBAI: In some welcome relief to drought-hit areas in the state, good rains in parts of the state has led to rise in water levels in the state.A 2 per cent increase in the overall quantity of water available in dams was recorded in the past week, a statement issued by the government on Monday said.About 5,507 million cubic meters of water was now available for use from all irrigation projects (dams and other smaller projects), the statement further said, while clarifying that the figures were last updated on July 8.Of this, about 2,981million cubic meters was available in 84 dam projects, and another 643 million cubic meters water was available in medium irrigation projects. Besides this, about 2131 minor projects also supply water to parts of the state.According to officials, another positive was the growth in catchment areas was recorded all across the state. Meanwhile, the statement claimed that a 11 per cent rise in water levels was witnessed in reservoirs supplying water to Mumbai.With over 1952 villages and 6395 hamlets still dependent on tanker water supplies, state officials however insisted that the water shortage in parts of the state continued to be an area of concern. The state government has decided to continue relief measures in drought-hit areas till July 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14798633", "title": "JLo developing TV drama about lesbian couple", "text": "Actress and singer Jennifer Lopez is preparing a series about a lesbian couple for the ABC Family channel, Deadline.com reported.The project, still without an official title, revolves around the couple and their life together at home with their children, a situation that will change radically when an unruly teenage girl comes to live with them.One of the mothers, according to Deadline, is a cop, and the other is a teacher at a private school. They have a biological son and adopted teen twins, a boy and a girl.According to the web site, Lopez, who will be executive producer for the series, also plans to make appearances as a guest actress.Peter Paige and Brad Bredeweg, creators and scriptwriters for the series, will share duties with Lopez as executive producers.Meanwhile, Lopez is set to launch on July 24 her first \"greatest hits\" album, entitled \"Dance Again...the Hits\".The album, which brings back her most popular numbers, also includes recent songs like \"Dance Again\" together with Pitbull , and \"Goin' In\", a duo with Flo Rida .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14787707", "title": "Pay and park scheme launched in Sadar areas amid shopkeepers' protest", "text": "NAGPUR: With a view to regulate traffic on Residency Road, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has started pay-n-park scheme on the entire Link Road from Monday. The decision comes on the backdrop of the increasing number of two-wheeler thefts and haphazard parking in Sadar areas, especially on Residency Road. However, the shopkeepers' lobby has opposed the decision.NMC's traffic engineer Nasir Khan and deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Jivaraj Dabhade said: \"The scheme will eliminate the problem of double parking and streamline the flow of traffic on both the Residency and the Link Road.\"At present, the NMC is executing the pay-n-park scheme at Wardha road, Sitabuldi and the parking area opposite Cotton Market.There are several commercial buildings which have paucity of parking space. As a result, 70 % of shopkeepers park their vehicles on the road itself. Even their customers too park the vehicles on the road.\"Extension of the pay-n-park scheme will definitely solve the parking problem, but not the frequent traffic snarls,\" Khan said.Two years ago, the NMC had launched similar schemes and later the corporation was flooded with protest from citizens, which lead to close down the schemes.Meanwhile, DCP Dabhade has favoured introduction of the scheme in parts of the city to tide over scarcity of parking space of vehicles.At the time of creating infrastructure for the city a couple of years ago, the planners did not envision such an increase in the number of vehicles. \"There has been a tremendous increase in the number of vehicles in the last few years, creating a severe scarcity of parking space,\" he said.Dabhade further said he has received many complaints from the residents demanding to ease congestion in the past. \"In fact, the introduction of the scheme was a solution to encroachment upon parking space at prominent places in the city by shopkeepers to park their own vehicles, mostly four wheelers,\" he said.However, the shopkeepers' lobby has opposed the decision and staged a demonstration on the Link road. Later a delegation also met the deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav. Link Road Vyapari Sangh President CN Harsulkar said the civic body is at fault as it did not provide parking space for shop owners. \"It is not possible for us and our employees to pay the parking fees everyday. We oppose this decision and it is the duty of NMC to provide us a separate parking space,\" he said.The sangh members also submitted a memorandum to the deputy mayor on Monday. \"The deputy mayor told us that a decision in this regard will be taken within two days,\" Harsulkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "14787584", "title": "Doctor sets on fire his staff for demanding money back, held", "text": "BHANDARA: A doctor and proprietor of a special school allegedly set his employee on fire on the school premises on June 14. The doctor was arrested on July 5 and sent to police custody till July 13.The victim's wife identified the body by the ring on one of his fingers.According to police, deceased Moreshwar Nandeshwar of village Kohamara (taluka Sadak Arjuni in Gondia district), was working as a peon in Sanjiwani Handicapped Students School, Sangadhi (taluka Sakoli), without salary. Dr Dhananjay Tawade, the accused, is the proprietor of the school.It is said that Nandeshwar had given Rs 3 lakh to the accused for a confirmed job in the school but despite repeated requests his service was not regularized. Whenever the victim demanded his money back, Dr Tawade neither refused to return the money nor gave any confirmed date for re-payment.Fed up with Nandeshwar's repeated request for the refund, the police said, Dr Tawade on June 14 called up the victim. Tawade asked Nandeshwar to come to Sangadhi. Nandeshwar, while coming to Sangadhi, sent a message to his wife on her cellphone that he was going to meet the doctor.When Nandeshwar reached the school, both he and the doctor drank liquor together. When Nandeshwar lost his control, the doctor killed him with stones and set him on fire, putting tyres and his motorcycle on his body, the police said.The police further said Dr Tawade, after victim's death, sent an SMS to his niece in Nagpur that a group of goons were beating him and his life was in danger. The niece called Dr Tawade's elder brother who along with three other persons rushed to the school. Initially, they were under the impression that it was Dr Tawade whose body was burning as his socks and shoes were lying on the site. But it was Nandeshwar's wife who identified the body of her husband.The police, after recording her statement, started search for Dr Tawade. From his call details, they came to know that he fled away from the scene by his car with one Rajani Rokade.During investigation, it was also revealed that Rajani's parents lodged a missing complaint with Nandanwan police station. According to the probe, Dr Tawade had gone to Tirupati, whereat he married Rajani. After perpetrating crime, he went to Hubali railway station. The doctor parked his car outside the railway station and went to Goa by train with Rajani and stayed in a hotel.The police through his cellphone records reached Goa, arrested him and brought back to Sakoli. He was produced before a court and was sent to police custody till July 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "14788338", "title": "Road blocked over dalit youth's killing", "text": "ROHTAK: Enraged over the alleged murder of a dalit youth, family members of the victim along with other residents blocked the Rohtak-Bhiwani highway for around 18 hours by placing the body in middle of the road.The blockade was imposed around Sunday midnight and lifted on Monday evening after the district administration assured swift action against the guilty and to compensate the family of the victim, Prakash Chand.The traffic on the road, however, was diverted via Meham town.According to information, the victim had taken contract for construction of a dhaba in Karontha village of Rohtak about six months back. A day after a financial dispute with the dhaba owner, his body was found hanging from a tree outside the Karontha village on Sunday.The wife of the victim, Subo Devi, alleged that his husband had told her over phone on Saturday night that he had been abducted and tied and could be killed. \"He called me twice during night after which I informed the police control room. The police however found his hanging from a tree in Karontha village early Sunday morning\", she said, adding that his husband had taken the contract of construction for Rs 4.50 lakh but the dhaba owner had not paid even a penny.The police said that the dispute arose after a wall of the under-construction dhaba collapsed recently. The incident led to payment row after which the victim went into depression.The SP, Vivek Sharma, however said that on a complaint of victim's wife, the police have registered a case of murder against dhaba owner, Sombir Singh and started a hunt for him.The SP said that the blockade had been lifted after the discussion with the family members and other villagers. \"We have assured that the accused would be arrested soon and financial aid would also be provided to the victim's family on behalf of the district administration,\" the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14789674", "title": "Chromosome test result in court today", "text": "KOLKATA: The report of the chromosome test to determine the gender of former athlete Pinki Pramanik reached SSKM hospital on Monday. However, hospital officials refused to divulge any details of the report. It will be submitted before the Barasat court on Tuesday.The test was done at Hyderabad's Central Forensic Science Laboratory after medical boards in the state conducted a series of test on Pinki but failed to arrive at any conclusion on the athlete's gender.The report of the latest result holds significance because if it confirms that Pinki is a female - as she and her parents have repeatedly claimed - the charge of rape brought against her by her live-in partner will fall flat. Moreover, it will save the Athletics Federation of India from international disgrace. Pinki will also be able to retain the medals she has won at Commonwealth Games and Asian Games, among others.Meanwhile, a four-member team of State Women's Commission will visit Pinki at the Dum Dum Correctional Home and interact with her to validate reports of mistreatment by the police. Not only had police referred to Pinki as \"male\" in the case diary, the athlete was escorted to the court and hospitals by male constables. The state government has already ordered an inquiry into the objectionable manner in which a constable was photographed holding Pinki. \"There has been human rights violation. We want an answer from the government on why her bail application has been rejected,\" commission chairperson Sunanda Mukherjee said.While Pinki has participated in international track events as a female athlete, last month a woman had alleged that the athlete was actually a male and had pressed rape charges against her. Though an unauthorized examination at a private nursing home had led to police initially claiming she was a indeed a male, doctors at Barasat district hospital and SSKM who later examined Pinki failed to arrive at any conclusion as the athlete had both sex organs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14788719", "title": "Election Commission urged to avoid polls during festivals", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This year's Navratri and Diwali festivals will weigh heavy on the minds of the national election planners who are now giving final touches to the polls' plans and are preparing to fix a date for the assembly elections of Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh.The term of the current assembly for the two states will end in January 2013. Chief election commissioner V S Sampath told reporters after a review meeting on Monday that the political parties in the state have expressed an opinion that the election commission (EC) should not conduct polls during Navratri and Diwali festivals.\"We have assured the parties that their concerns will be taken into account while deciding the date of the election,\" said Sampath. The team led by Sampath consists of election commissioner H S Brahma and deputy election commissioner Vinod Zutshi.Sampath said that the use of money power and paid articles will also be taken seriously by the EC, since the emphasis is on free and fair elections. He said that though the EC is satisfied with the preparedness of the state election machinery for the election, strict measures will be taken to prevent flow of liquor and paid news. Strict monitoring of distribution of voters' slips and electoral voters' identity cards will also be carried out.He said that majority of the political parties after meeting the EC expressed fear of communal incitement in the run up to the elections.The parties have asked the EC to deal with attempts of fanning communal passions more strictly then it did in the past.Sampath said that he had taken up the issue of appointment of a full time director general of police during his meeting with the chief secretary.Currently, director general of police Chitranjan Singh heads the state police. The meeting also reviewed several posts that are lying vacant in the state.About the officials to be deputed on election duty, Sampath said that apart from training these staff, the EC has made it clear to the collectorates and police officials that they should work with honesty to ensure free and transparent election procedure in the state.Reacting to a question of forged signature of presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee , Sampath said: \"People from P A Sangma's camp have demanded a probe into the alleged signature forgery case involving Pranab Mukherjee. We asked them to give us a written representation. They would have submitted it to the office on Monday. I will reach Delhi tomorrow and scrutinize the claims,\" he said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14788470", "title": "Democratic Front govt faces heat over fire at Mantralaya", "text": "MUMBAI: The state legislative assembly on Monday was adjourned twice amid pandemonium following a demand by the opposition Shiv Sena-BJP and the MNS for a discussion on the recent Mantralaya inferno. Opposition parties gathered forces against treasury benches as speaker Dilip Walse Patil refused a discussion on the issue. The ruling DF hastened the proceedings and brought the business of the house to an end amid the uproar.At the end of the day, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan bought peace with the opposition by announcing that the DF government was willing for a discussion on the inferno on Tuesday. Walse Patil gave a ruling to this effect.When Trouble began when the assembly met for the monsoon session at Vidhan Bhavan on Monday, leader of the opposition Eknath Khadse raised the point of order and made a strong demand for a discussion on the firelast month that engulfed Mantralaya. He suggested the mandatory question hour be set aside and that the assembly should devote its time for the sameto discuss the fire issue. However, the speaker Walse-Patil firmly turned down the BJP leaders demand.Sudhir Mungantiwar (BJP) pleaded with the chair and said the issue should be given priority, adding that as many as two lakh files have been destroyed in the fire. it deserves. \"Its a matter of public concern,\" Mungantiwar added and further stated that as many as two lakh files have been destroyed in the fire.Even as Sena-BJP and MNS MLAs raised slogans, Opposition MLAs rushed to the well and urged the speaker to allocate time for the discussion on the fire issue. The Speaker suspended the question hour and adjourned the House. The House was adjourned again soon after it reassembled as the Sena-BJP legislators showed no willingness to make peace with the treasury benches.Walse-Patil said he would consult group leaders of all parties to resolve the tangle. Following which, there was a quick discussion in the speaker's chamber between senior opposition MLAs and Walse Patil. The house re-met later and the ruling DF swiftly wrapped up the business., even as the Sena-BJP MLAs continued to clamour for a discussion on the fire issue.The house re-met later and ruling DF swiftly wrapped up the business, even as the Sena-BJP MLAs were clamouring for a discussion on a fire issue.Earlier, before the session began, MNS, Sena and BJP MLAs sat on the assembly staircase, protesting against the government's apathy towards drought and the Mantralaya fire issues.Sena leader Subhash Desai said, \"Many citizens feel that the fire was not an accident but a deliberate act. To clear doubts of the citizens, the DF government should debate the issue on the floor of the house.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14797784", "title": "Rajeev Pillai to play police officer in next", "text": "Rajeev Pillai is doing the role of a police officer in the film 'Karmayodha'. The film is directed by Major Ravi. Mohanlal is playing lead role in the movie.Rajeev Pillai's character is the villan of this film.The shooting will be commencing in August.Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14796854", "title": "Kavya calling names?", "text": "Actress Kavya Madhavan is all set to giver her audience a shock. The innocent looking Kavya would be seen calling names and abusing people in the movie 'Malabar'. That too in 'Neeleswaram' language.Renjith is the director of the film. Mammootty and Anoop Menon are doing the central characters of the film. Kavya Madhavan is becoming the 'brand ambassador' of 'Neeleswaram' language through this film.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14789692", "title": "World Bank to grant $100mn more for 'Jeevika' project", "text": "PATNA: World Bank (WB) on Monday signed a joint agreement with government of India and Bihar government to grant additional US$100 million for the ongoing Bihar Rural Livelihoods Project (BRLP) named 'Jeevika'.Earlier, the WB had given $63 million for the project aimed at the social and economic empowerment of the rural poor in Bihar. The state government had contributed $7 million.The project is financed by the International Development Association (IDA) - the World Bank's concessionary lending arm - that provides interest-free loans with 25 years maturity period and a grace period of five years, Patsy D'Cruz, in charge of external affairs, WB, stated in an email statement.Venu Rajamony, joint secretary, department of economic affairs, ministry of finance, on behalf of the Union government, Rameshwar Singh, principal secretary, department of finance representing Bihar government, Arvind Kumar Chaudhary, project director and CEO of the BRLP Society, and Mandakini Kaul, senior country officer, WB India, signed the agreement at New Delhi.The state government will also contribute $40 million to this project, Chaudhary told TOI from New Delhi.The additional funds will help consolidate and expand the project to cover all the blocks in the six districts covered under the project. This will not only allow the project to cover all the villages in the six districts but also provide a comprehensive model for poverty alleviation programmes in Bihar.\"The additional funds will directly benefit 1.5 million households. It will further help in consolidating some of the key activities of the Jeevika project under the National Rural Livelihoods Mission,\" said Venu Rajamony.\"The additional funds will enable us to expand the programme,\" Rameshwar Singh said.So far the project has mobilized 515,000 poor women through 46,000 self-help groups (SHGs) and 3,500 village organizations. More than 90% of them belong to vulnerable sections of the society.\"The additional funds will not only help expand the social mobilization strategy to newer blocks but also boost the social inclusion impact in the existing blocks,\" said Roberto Zagha, WB country director for India.The focus will now be on consolidating and increasing investment in different sectors like agriculture, dairy, job creation for migrant youths and employment in non-farm sector.An independent evaluation of the impact of Jeevika on socio-economic outcomes based on a recent survey of 4,000 randomly selected households shows that the project has positively impacted the households under the project with 58% more households starting regular savings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14788531", "title": "SC notice to Centre, Bengal and NHRC on BSF\u2019s alleged atrocities", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday sought responses of the Union and West Bengal governments and National Human Rights Commission on a PIL alleging more than 200 cases of torture and extra-judicial killings by Border Security Force (BSF) personnel near the Indo-Bangladesh border between 2005 and 2011.A bench of Justices B S Chauhan and Swatanter Kumar also issued notice to the BSF and west Bengal human rights commission on the PIL filed by NGO 'Banglar Manabdhikar Surakhsa Manch', which requested the court to set up a \"special task force consisting of police officers from outside West Bengal to investigate incidents of gross human rights violations and prosecute the offenders\".The NGO sought a declaration from the court \"that all actions of BSF personnel of torture, extra-judicial executions, enforced disappearances, rape and other acts of violence against civilian population are punishable in law and that there is no immunity whatsoever for BSF personnel in respect of such actions\".Requesting the court to seek the report of inquiry by R R Jha, joint secretary (human rights) in the home ministry, into some of the alleged incidents in 2011, the petitioner said most of these crimes were never investigated by the police and taken to its logical conclusion.The NGO said the common stand taken by BSF was that troops fired on people who attacked them on being intercepted for alleged smuggling activities on the border. The petitioner alleged that the West Bengal police accepted the BSF version to close the cases, adopting a farcical procedure and the magistrates concerned mechanically put their stamp of approval on this procedure.It said, \"This is a case involving either torture or torture followed by extra-judicial executions of more than 200 Indian nationals by the BSF between 2005 and 2011. In over 100 cases, there are eye-witnesses to the BSF taking into custody the persons concerned and there are eye-witnesses to torture in custody of the persons concerned leading to their death.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14787806", "title": "Smuggler spent Rs 30L on birthday bash", "text": "MUMBAI: Red sanders smuggling kingpin Ajit Satam is enamoured by all things Bollywood . After his unsuccessful attempt at making a Hindi movie, Satam realized his filmy dreams by throwing a lavish birthday party for himself in Goa on February 26. He flew down two starlets and a yesteryear actor to perform at the bash. Sources said Satam spend Rs 25-30 lakh on the do.Satam was arrested by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) in September last year for smuggling 200 tonnes of red sanders to Dubai . He threw the party a few months after being released on bail. A few weeks after Satam returned from Goa, he was placed under a one-year detention to prevent him from carrying out smuggling activities.Aakansha Nimonkar, a little-known TV actor who diversified into event management, had organized the Goa party, officials said. Of the two starlets who performed at the party, one has been linked with the underworld while the second is an item girl of foreign origin. The yesteryear actor is a former Miss India who had participated in a reality show some time ago. \"The amount spent by Satam on his party could be more than Rs 25-30 lakh. He had paid for the actress's air tickets too,\" an official said.Investigators have learnt that Nimonkar had met Satam after the party and discussed plans about expanding her event management venture. \"Our information is that he reportedly gave her Rs 50 lakh for her business. We want to question her and had served the summons to her mother. Her mobile is switched off and she has not contacted us,\" the official said.TOI, too, tried to contact Nimonkar, but she was not available for comment.Officials said they are focusing on Satam's investments. \"Their questioning may help us in obtaining some further leads,'' the official added.Satam had invested Rs 50 lakh to make a Hindi movie, possibly with Mallika Sherawat as the lead actress. He had paid the money as advance to Susie Ganeshan, an assistant to director Mani Ratnam , DRI officials said. Satam had reportedly thrown another star-studded bash in the discotheque of a five-star hotel in Juhu.Satam also had a fancy for high end vehicles. He owned a Bentley, Ferrari , Mercedes, BMW and Volkswagen Passat . DRI said that he carried out his smuggling activities from a five star hotel in the western suburbs where he had hired a room for a year.According to DRI officials, Satam made a profit of Rs 2 crore from the sale of one container of red sanders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14791348", "title": "\u2018Nasa claim of arsenic-friendly life form untrue\u2019", "text": "WASHINGTON: The claim by Nasa scientists that they have discovered a new form of bacteria which thrive on arsenic has been disapproved by two new studies, which say the bugs can't substitute arsenic for phosphorus to survive.Two scientific papers, published in the journal Science , refuted the 2010 Nasa finding that bacterium called GFAJ-1 not only tolerates arsenic but actually incorporates the poison into its DNA, swapping out phosphorus . \"Contrary to an original report, the new research clearly shows that the bacterium , GFAJ-1 , cannot substitute arsenic for phosphorus to survive,\" the journal said.\"If true, that finding would have important implications for our understanding of life's basic requirements since all known forms of life on Earth use six elements : oxygen, carbon, hydrogen , nitrogen, phosphorus and sulphur,\" it said.If an organism on Earth were found to survive without one of these building blocks, it could mean that life on other planets (as well as our own) is more adaptable than expected. Felisa Wolfe-Simon , who led the Nasa study, acknowledged very low levels of phosphate within their study samples; but, they concluded the contamination would've been insufficient to allow GFAJ-1 to grow.Now, the two separate studies find that Wolfe-Simon's medium did contain enough phosphate contamination to support GFAJ-1 's growth. It's just that GFAJ-1 , a well-adapted extremophile living in a high-arsenic environment , is thrifty, and is likely capable of scavenging phosphate under harsh conditions , helping to explain why it can grow even when arsenic is present in its cells, the new studies claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14787726", "title": "Standing panel to decide on fine for fire tender delay", "text": "NAGPUR: The question of how to deal with Solapur-based Devi Fire Services, which is sitting on the job of making chassis for two fire tenders of Nagpur Municipal Corporation, will come up before standing committee on Wednesday. The firm, which was tasked with the fabrication of six chassis, has failed to finish the job on two it has taken even six months after the deadline ended on February 2012.For this delay, the fire and emergency services department has proposed to impose a Rs 2.40 lakh fine on the firm as per tender conditions. The department has also sought standing panel's nod to ensure that the firm delivers the two tenders with high pressure pumps or else the amount be deducted from its payment.The NMC had entrusted the DFS with the job of fabricating six fire tenders for Rs 81 lakh in July 2011. As per the agreement, the company deposited a bank guarantee of Rs 19.40 lakh and informed the civic body that it would fabricate the six chassis in three phases.In the first phase, it promised to deliver two fire tenders (by September 7, 2011). During the second phase (by November end), it was supposed to complete the fabrication of two more chassis and the remaining two fire tenders by February 2012. Under tender terms, the department can deduct Rs 500 per tender for each day of delay. As the company failed to deliver the first two tenders, the department calculated the fine for two chassis for 240 days but turned a blind eye about remaining four chassis. If delay on those is taken into account, the fine amount comes to Rs 5.75 lakh. A senior official said acting municipal commissioner had given his nod for recovery of fine. It is not clear why the matter is again being referred to standing panel.Despite repeated attempts, Chief Fire Officer N Khan was not available for comment. Devidas Raut of DFS from Solapur admitted the delay. He said it was because of certain technical reasons but refused to give details. He claimed the two chassis had been fabricated and would be delivered to NMC's fire department by next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14788420", "title": "HP govt to challenge ski village judgment", "text": "SHIMLA: Himachal Pradesh government on Monday decided to move the state high court double bench against a recent single bench HC order which had given a go-ahead to the controversial $350 million Himalayan Ski Village project, proposed to be set up near Manali.The HC bench last month had set aside a state government order of 2010 in which it had ordered the scrapping of the entire project. Chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal on Monday said that the state government would appeal to the double bench against the recent orders.Dhumal said there also was a double bench judgment of the Himachal Pradesh High Court that had banned construction activities under the project in the Kullu-Manali valley unless a master plan was prepared for the region. The single bench of Justice Rajiv Sharma in a 77-page order had set aside the state government cancellation notice and permitted the company to proceed with the project, which was approved by the state cabinet on November 18, 2005.\"The proposed Himalayan Ski Village plans to construct 400 cottages in an environmentally sensitive zone; is it a village or colony,\" Dhumal said. The ambitious project was proposed in 2004 and the cabinet of Congress chief minister Virbhadra Singh cleared it the next year and a MoU was signed. However, the project ran into rough weather in 2006 when environmentalists and deities in Kullu district started opposing it on grounds that it posed a threat to the fragile ecology of mountains and also to the age-old way of life of the locals.The BJP came to power in 2007 after Congress lost elections and served a cancellation notice to HSV in 2010 against which the company had approached the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14788160", "title": "3 held for theft and snatching", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two youths and a boy have been arrested for their involvement in petty thefts. The gang leader was addicted to gambling and had taken to crime to pay off huge debts. He had even stolen his grandfather's ATM card and withdrawn Rs 2.5 lakh from his account.The trio \u2014 Kinshu Arora, his associate Dinesh and the minor were caught from Vasant Vihar during a check on Sunday, said Chhaya Sharma, deputy commissioner of police, south district.\"During the search, a key of a Volkswagen car was recovered from Arora. He told us that his associate Siddharth had snatched a bag 10 days ago which contained the key and a brand new laptop,\" she said. Arora confessed that he was addicted to gambling.\"He has huge debts to pay. The sum he withdrew through the ATM card was also used for gambling,\" Sharma said.The youths wanted easy money so they started committing petty thefts. They used to roam around on bikes to identify soft targets, said Sharma. \"They were involved in at least six cases of snatching. Further investigations are on,\" she said.Two bikes, a Volkswagen car key, a laptop, seven mobile phones, two wrist watches and a leather purse have been recovered from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14789765", "title": "Due to the absence of signals, many city junctions are choked with traffic", "text": "COIMBATORE: Traffic congestion in the city is a major hamper to development. With the city expanding to cover newer areas, many junctions are choked, especially during peak hours. In the absence of traffic signals in some of these junctions, constables find themselves at a loss in trying to regulate traffic.At Kavundampalayam, G N Mills, Edyarpalayam, Sundarapuram, and Karambukadai junctions, there are no signals and it takes forever to get past the junction.Over the past few years, residential units, especially in areas adjoining the eastern and western side of Kavundampalayam, have increased. This has resulted in heavy traffic flow on the road which connects Kavundampalayam and Mettupalayam road, said V Rajan, a resident of Kavundampalayam. \"Though a police constable is posted during peak hours, the junction is totally chaotic as motorists are in a hurry to reach Mettupalayam road or vice versa. The traffic is unmanageable, leading to many accidents at this junction,\" he added.The situation at G N Mills, the next major junction on Mettupalayam road, is much worse. The junction connects the road that leads to the Kongunandu Arts and Science College on the right and Subramaniyan road on the left, Rajan said. Motorists have to wait for at least 15 minutes during peak hours to cross the road as vehicles keep coming from the city and Mettupalayam road. Motorist trying to cross the road towards Kongunadu College have to wait patiently.The Edayarpalayam junction on Thadagam road also does not have a traffic signal. There is heavy traffic flow from areas including Vadavalli, Kavundampalayam and Kanuvai, making it an accident prone zone, said Ashraf Ali, a resident of the area. With several schools, colleges and brick kilns nearby, the road is congested with traffic. The only relief is that the constable posted here is able to manage the situation during peak hours. But as soon as the constable leaves the junction the traffic goes wayward and there is total chaos. Pedestrians also find it difficult to cross the road. \"They are almost mowed down by motorists in a hurry to reach their destination,\" K Kumaran, a tea shop owner here said.Ever since works for laying the underground drainage pipelines began, traffic often chokes the roads. The situation is no different at the Sundarapuram junction as well which serves as a point to reach important areas including Podanur, Madukkarai and Pollachi. The number of vehicles plying on these three roads is high and in the absence of a signal or a police constable, motorists are accident prone at the junctions, said K Ramesh, a vegetable vendor, who frequents the area.T Senthilkumar, Deputy Commissioner, Crime and Traffic, said that establishing a traffic signal in certain areas would create more traffic problems. In such junctions, it is enough to post a constable, he said. He did confirm that they were looking at which junctions to install signals to ease traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14792660", "title": "Nobody wants night shelters in neighbourhood", "text": "BANGALORE: BBMP's 13 night shelters for the homeless have become a nightmare for other residents in their vicinity.\"The inmates fight almost every night. Men are inevitably drunk. A week ago, one man threatened his wife he would drop their one-and-a-half-year old child from the first floor. It's annoying to see such incidents,\" said Elizabeth Megharaj, a resident of Jambu Savari Dinne, JP Nagar 8th Phase.She was among many persons who met BBMP officials who visited the night shelter there. \"My daughter is studying in Class 10. She's unable to study due to the constant squabbling in the night shelter next to my house. It's a nightmare for us,\" said Rukmini KJ.The story was no different at Hoodi in Whitefield where some local organizations opposed the facility coming up in their area.BBMP set up these shelters following a Supreme Court directive in 2011 asking cities' municipal corporations to set up shelters for the homeless.Who stays thereThey are labourers, daily wage workers, and ragpickers and those who stay at railway stations, bus stations and on the pavements.A survey by NGOs and BBMP showed there are 746 homeless people in the city, of which 188 stay in BBMP's 13 night shelters across the city.According to Shiva Basavaiah, joint commissioner (Bommanahalli zone), BBMP, the problem is that nobody wants to rent out houses for such projects. \"Due to lack of space for night shelters, we have used community halls. We're trying to build our own buildings for this,'' he saidFor womenAccording to S S Rajani, officer-programme, Indo-Global Social Service Society, an NGO taking care of the night shelter on JC Road, many homeless women working in KR Market selling flowers and fruits should be covered under this scheme. \"BBMP is yet to provide them shelter. We couldn't accommodate them at our centre. We don't want to accommodate both men and women under one roof for safety reasons,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14788811", "title": "State launches comprehensive vegetable farming project", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: \"It is a shame that Kerala has to depend on other states for its vegetable supply despite having favourable conditions for vegetable farming,\" said chief minister Oommen Chandy .He was speaking at the inauguration of the 'comprehensive vegetable farming development programme' at Holy Angels Girls Higher Secondary School here on Monday. \"The objective of the programme is to make the state self-sufficient in vegetable production,\" Chandy said.The Rs 42.5-crore project will be implemented in schools, homes and government plots in municipalities across the state and in Kollam and Thrissur corporations. The programme is expected to yield around 1,72,368 tonnes of vegetables in an accumulated area of 1,463 hectares.The programme undertakes different measures for its realization. A major role will be played by educational institutions, especially schools. The selected 2,400 schools will be granted an amount of Rs 84 lakh for its farming purposes and formation of agricultural clubs. \"The students should also take the samples of different seeds back home and encourage farming in their own yards,\" the CM said. The seeds cost Rs 15 per packet.The Kollam and Thrissur corporations would be given 26,500 grow bag units that hold vegetable seedlings of different varieties at a 75% subsidy rate for terrace farming. The state horticulture mission, state seed distribution authority, agricultural universities, etc. will carry out the distribution of grow bag units.Agroservice call centers will also be established in 152 blocks, 60 municipalities and two city corporations that would offer 24x7 helpline to redress farmers' grievances. Rigorous training programmes for Kudumbasree workers, NSS volunteers, residents associations, rotary clubs and YMCAs will also be initiated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14790303", "title": "Heavy admission rush at colleges", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the commencement of admissions in all local colleges on Monday, heavy rush was witnessed with students jostling to grab a seat of their choice and deposit fee.While a majority of colleges have filled their seats in bachelors of arts, computer applications, business administration, arts and post-graduate diploma courses, joint counselling was also held for BBA and BCA courses in city government colleges.At Post-graduate Government College for Girls in Sector 42, the top scorer had 91.2% in medical stream, while the lowest cut-off was 62.8% in UT category. 63 seats were filled in this course, while 57 others are left still vacant. At MCM DAV College for Women in Sector 36, the highest scorer for BSc (non medical) was 94% in Class XII and 75% was the lowest cut-off.At PGCGG-42, 142 seats in BSc (non medical) category were filled up, while 18 were left vacant.Highest and lowest cut-offs in the general category were 92.3% and 78.7%, respectively, for the same course.For BSc (bio-technology) honours course at the same college, the highest and lowest cut-offs in the UT pool were 83% and 61.6%, respectively.Competition was stiffer in the general pool for this course, with 92.2% and 86.6% as the highest and lowest cut-offs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14788696", "title": "JPC drops Vajpayee, Fernandes from list of witnesses", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move intended to smoothen BJP's ruffled feathers, Joint Parliamentary Committee on telecom chairperson P C Chacko has dropped the names of ailing former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee and former defence minister George Fernandes from the list of likely witnesses.The decision comes in the wake of BJP leader Yashwant Sinha strongly objecting to the inclusion of Vajpayee and Fernandes -- both leaders are grappling with serious health issues and are in no position to be examined - during last week's meeting of the committee.According to a PTI report, Chacko confirmed that the two leaders will not be on the likely list of political witnesses that is to be discussed by the parliamentary panel. Opposition members like Sinha and CPI's Gurudas Dasgupta have argued that the panel cannot conclude its proceedings without examining witnesses like former telecom ministers A Raja and Dayanidhi Maran.The move to suggest Vajpayee and Fernandes as witnesses was perhaps intended to counter the opposition demand but it resulted in the proposal coming under fire from all quarters. Besides the tug of war over political witnesses, there is concern that none of the corporate entities accused in the 2G scam have faced any fire from the JPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14790797", "title": "26 sonography centres shut in 2 months", "text": "JAIPUR: With rising incidents of female feticide and a declining sex ratio haunting Rajasthan, the state government has finally swung into action, cracking down on may sonography centres allegedly involved in sex selection. The medical health and family welfare department has either suspended or terminated licenses of nearly 26 sonography centres in the last couple of months for violating the Pre-Conception Pre-Natal and Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act 1994.While a majority of these sonography centres will not be able to function for a long time, others will not be allowed to conduct sonography at all.In Sirohi district, licences of four sonography centres have been terminated while one centre's licence was suspended for one year. Two licences were terminated in Mount Abu and two were terminated in Sirohi. In Bundi one registration was suspended. As many as three licences were cancelled in Barmer, and another three cancelled in Jalore, sources said.Sources said that registration of sonography machines was suspended for a duration of one month to a year, depending on the gravity of violation.PCPNDT Act state appropriate authority Gayatri Rathore said, \"Those sonography centres were found violating the PCPNDT Act with malafide intent and we have received complaints against them for being involved in sex selection. Hence we have terminated their licences.\"A social activist Brij Mohan Sharma claimed that in Sirohi and Jalore the suspension and termination of sonography licenses were ordered on the basis of the Form F audit.The sex ratio in Rajasthan which was registered at 909 in 2001 Census now slipped to 883 in 2011, which is a major concern for the state government. In the last two months, the state government has stepped up efforts to check the declining sex ratio in the state besides spreading awareness on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "14793057", "title": "Zeliangrong meet stresses peace with territorial rider", "text": "DIMAPUR: The Zeliangrong Baudi (Assam, Manipur, Nagaland) fully endorsed the ongoing Naga peace process and opined that such a protracted armed conflict, which has adversely affected the Naga people, can only be resolved through peaceful means by engaging in political negotiations with accountability, transparency and most importantly resorting to confidence building measures by both the parties. However, Zeliangrong people maintained that 15 years of negotiation has gone a little too long without any tangible result.The Baudi held a consultative meeting on June 22 at Longmai 3 village community hall, Tamenglong, Manipur. The ZB (AMN) said that Zeliangrong people, who had suspended their movement for re-integration of their territories into a single administrative unit in the larger interest of the Naga nation, would be constrained to re-consider their support to the Naga peace process, if the Nagas' right to territorial integration including Assam, Manipur and Nagaland is not made a \"non-negotiable criteria\" in the ongoing negotiations.The organization unanimously resolved to set up a committee to oversee the setting up of 'Zeliangrong Houses' in Dimapur and Delhi by acquiring land in the larger interests of the people, on a priority basis. The houses shall have multi-purpose utilities such as conference hall, libraries, guest rooms and commercial utilities to self sustain themselves and also as a source of income for better functioning of Zeliangrong Baudi and its frontal organizations.The meeting noted with serious concern the hasty decision to get separate tribe(s) recognition in the present form without people's consent, dividing the people into Kabui, Rongmei, Inpui, Kacha Naga, Zeme and Liangmei, which has thrown the Zeliangrong people into complete confusion and chaos. The ZB said that those who have brought about these damages should take full responsibility for the sorry state of affairs in Naga society.Taking cognizance of this situation, the organization unanimously resolved to initiate the process for modification/rectification of the incomplete and confusing nomenclature in the 'Constitution (Schedule Tribe) Order (Amendment)Act, 2011' recently passed by the Parliament and to incorporate 'Zeliangrong' or any other appropriate nomenclature for their collective identity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14789535", "title": "Three surrender in PDK leader murder case", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three CPI cadres surrendered before judicial magistrate court -I here on Monday in connection with Periyar Dravidar Kazagham (PDK) leader's murder.S Murali (30), M Manjunath (31) and R Veeramani (29), all hailing from Uthanapalli in Hosur, surrendered before judicial magistrate Munusamy on Monday. The magistrate remanded them in judicial custody and ordered that they should appear before judicial magistrate court -II in Hosur before July 12. Later, the accused were lodged at Coimbatore Central Prison.\"The accused were CPI cadres and they surrendered before the court. Thally CPI MLA T Ramachandran is still absconding,\" said R Sugashini, deputy superintendent of police (in-charge), Hosur sub-division.On July 5, an unidentified gang shot dead and beheaded PDK district organiser T Palani (48) in Krishnagiri and managed to escape. Krishnagiri police registered a case against CPI MLA Ramachandran, and 21 persons including members of Ramachandran's family. The MLA was the fifth accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14786253", "title": "Nobody need to certify distance, Zila parishad", "text": "NAGPUR: Here's another instance of education officers making their own rules with respect to Right To Education (RTE) bill. The Zilla Parishad (ZP) education officer has absolved Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) of all responsibility of certifying the distance of an applicant's home from school. At the same time, it has ruled that schools should not deny anyone admission for want of a distance or proximity certificate.Following demands of such certificate, NMC's education department (primary) had written on June 25 to education department, ZP, asking it to clarify under what rule or government directive it is required to issue such a certificate. Education officer (pimary), ZP, Someshwar Naitam in his reply on July 2 clarified that NMC had no responsibility for issuing such a certificate. This when no less than education secretary had asserted local bodies should certify the distance.\"There is no mention about responsibility of NMC to issue distance certificate in the rules framed under RTE. A school may not deny admission for want of distance certificate. The respective school has to verify and take a decision in case any dispute arises with respect of distance,\" he said. Citing the letter, NMC education officer Ram Dongarwar claimed NMC will not issue any such distance certificate. \"Clarification coming from Zilla Parishad settled the matter,\" he said.This seems hardly the case. Since the act clearly defines a school within 1 km from home as neighbourhood school, problems may arise. In case a school rules applicant does not stay within the stipulated distance, there is no clarity about resolving the matter. A NMC official said the applicant will have to approach the government or the courts. \"ZP should write to the government asking it to clarify or appoint an authority to settle the dispute,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14788265", "title": "Man hangs self in Dehgam police's custody", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 22-year-old man hanged himself in the computer room of Dehgam police station where he was brought for questioning in connection with a case of mental and physical harassment filed by his wife. His brother has written a letter to the Gandhinagar superintendent of police (SP) demanding probe in the matter.According to sources, Bharatsinh Vaghela, a resident of Vasan village near Dehgam, married Usha Solanki. The couple had periodic scuffles after which Usha went to her father's house four months back. Earlier this month, she filed a case of harassment.In connection with the case, Dehgam police went to Vaghela's house on Sunday evening and asked him and his uncle Baldevsinh to accompany them to police station for questioning.While Baldevsinh returned in the night, Vaghela was kept in custody. On Monday morning, the relatives were informed that Vaghela had committed suicide at the police station. He had used the rope lying in the room to hang himself from the ceiling fan.Dilipsinh Vaghela, the victim's brother has mentioned in his letter to the SP that Vaghela's father-in-law Arvindsinh Solanki had visited the police station on Sunday night. Arvindsinh allegedly threatened Bharatsinh that he would be in the police custody for long time. Gandhinagar police officials have assured of action against all found involved in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14778290", "title": "10 Offbeat films to look forward to in 2012", "text": "Amongst all the Rowdy Rathores and Bodyguards of Bollywood, there are several small offbeat gems that keep releasing and of late many are being received quite positively. 2012, perhaps, will see the maximum number of such offbeat films releasing in the coming months. Here's listing a few...Jalpari Director: Nila Madhab Panda Cast: Lehar Khan, Krishang Trivedi, Harsh Mayar, Parvin Dabas, Tannishtha Chatterjee, Rahul Singh, Suhasini Mulay, Rajendra Gupta After coming up with a gem of a film I Am Kalam last year, Nila Madhab Panda comes with ' Jalpari - The Desert Mermaid ' based on the burning issue of female feticide. The film stars Lehar Khan, Krishang Trivedi, Harsh Mayar, Parvin Dabas, Tannishtha Chatterjee, Rahul Singh, Suhasini Mulay and Rajendra Gupta.Gattu Director: Rajan Khosa Cast: Mohammad Samad, Naresh Kumar, Bhura In a small town in central India, kids and adults are equally obsessed with kite-flying. The airspace is dominated by a black kite called Kali with Mysterious origins. And a street-kid Gattu, dreams of defeating Kali.Miss Lovely Director: Ashim Ahluwalia Cast: Niharika Singh, Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Anil George, Meneka Lalwani Set in the Hindi film industry of the late 80s, Miss Lovely is about two brothers who produce C grade films in the lower depths of Bollywood - lurid horror films, erotic bandit pictures, sleazy social dramas. They churn out illicit titles like \"Dolly Darling\" and \"Lady James Bond\" for India's small-town picture houses.Dekh Indian Circus Director: Mangesh Hadawale Cast: Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Tannishtha Chatterjee Produced by Vivek Oberoi, Dekh Indian Circus tries to capture the struggle of rural India and a journey which shows a circus every now and then. Nawazuddin Siddiqui and Tannishtha Chatterjee feature in this film that was premiered at the 16th Busan Film Festival.Oass Director: Abhinav Shiv Tiwari Cast: Divya Chhetri, Jameel Khan, Yashpal Sharma, Priyanka Bose, Inspired by a true story of Kiku, Oass brings to light the menace of girl-child trafficking and the perils faced by the many Kikus across the globe.Gangs of Wasseypur: Part 2 Director: Anurag Kashyup Cast: Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Tigmanshu Dhulia, Raj Kumar Yadav After the terrific response he got for the first part, Anurag Kashyup is all set to present the second installment of Gangs of Wasseypur where the mafia wars take place in contemporary times. Nawazuddin Siddique takes over as the protagonist in the sequel.Chittagong Director: Bedabrata Pain Cast: Manoj Bajpayee, Raj Kumar Yadav, Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Jaideep Ahlawat Chittagong , directed by Bedabrata Pain, is based on the actual events of the Chittagong Uprising in India, where a group of school boys and young women, led by a schoolteacher, Surya Sen (Manoj Bajpai) dared to take on the British Empire.Second Marriage Dot Com Director: Gaurav Panjwani Cast: Mohit Chauhan, Vishal Nayak, Charu Rahtogi, Sayani Gupta A young IT professional embarks on a journey to get his father, a widower; married so as to finally put an end to his prolonged loneliness. Mohit Chauhan, Vishal Nayak, Charu Rahtogi and Sayani Gupta star in this offbeat film.Choli Ke Peeche aka Gangor Director: Italo Spinelli Cast: Adil Hussian, Priyanka Bose, Seema Rehmani, Samrat Chakrabarti, Tillotama Shome Gangor is an Italian Indian co-production directed by Italo Spinelli and based on the short story by Magsasay Award and National Award winning writer Mahasweta Devi. The film stars Adil Hussian, Priyanka Bose, Seema Rehmani, Samrat Chakrabarti, Tillotama Shome.Aalaap Director: Manish Manikpuri Cast: Pitobash Tripathy, Amit Purohit, Harsh Rajput, Aabid Shamim Aalaap is a youth film that talks about the journey of a rock-band that claims to be the voice of youth. With their music, they intend to fight violence. Pitobash Tripathy, Amit Purohit, Harsh Rajput and Aabid Shamim form the lead players of the rock band.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14787583", "title": "Another H1N1 case", "text": "MUMBAI: A 25-year-old woman from Parel tested positive for H1N1 on Monday, taking the count of cases to 75 this year. BMC's head of epidemiology cell Dr Mangala Gomare said , \"The patient was suffering from persistent cold, cough and fever.\"The patient was brought to the Kasturba Hospital, where after being administered the antiviral, her throat swab was tested.Gomare said the patient was treated on an OPD basis and is stable now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad/vijayawada", "code": "14791527", "title": "TDP MLA Nani meets Jagan in jail, suspended from party", "text": "HYDERABAD/VIJAYAWADA: Ending months of suspense over shifting of loyalties, TDP legislator from Gudivada, Kodali Srivenkateswara Rao alias Nani met YSR Congress Party chief Jaganmohan Reddy in Chanchalguda prison on Monday. A few hours before meeting Jagan in the jail, Nani went to the Lotus Pond residence of Jagan and held negotiations with YSR Congress honorary president Vijayamma. Stung by the development, the TDP immediately suspended Nani for violating the party discipline.Sources said Nani joining the YSR CP is now a mere formality. At least a couple of other MLAs from the TDP in Krishna district are expected to follow in the footsteps of Nani. Soon after the YSR CP's resounding victory in the recent by-elections, huge banners bearing pictures of the MLA with Vijayamma and Jagan appeared in Gudivada and other places. Nani, who was elected to the assembly in 2004 and 2009 from Gudivada, is a close friend of film star Junior NTR, who quickly denied that he had no role in Nani jumping the fence.In fact, Nani has been keeping away from TDP activities for a long time ever since the turf war in TDP Krishna district broke out. Reacting strongly, Krishna district TDP president Devineni Umamaheswara Rao alleged that Nani had sold himself for Rs 30 crore and joined hands with the killers of TDP MLA Paritala Ravi.Nani was cool when asked about the TDP's decision to suspend him saying he was not aware of the party's action. \"I met Jagan in the jail for personal reasons. I will announce my future course of action shortly,\" said Nani after coming out of the prison along with Nellore MP Mekapati Rajamohan Reddy and former Congress legislator Vangaveeti Radhakrishna. Curiously, TDP which expelled former MP M V Mysoora Reddy from the party immediately after he met Vijayamma a month ago reacted guardedly as it only suspended Nani.Junior NTR was quick to react as he sought to clarify that he had no role in Nani's exit. \"I am not aware of Nani's decision to meet Jagan. Nani might have had his own reasons for leaving the party. I am a loyal worker of the TDP which my late grandfather NTR had established,\" the actor clarified at a press conference at his residence this afternoon. He said that till his last breath he would continue to be with the TDP. He dismissed reports that he was staying away from the TDP affairs following a rift between his family and that of Chandrababu Naidu. \"Films are my livelihood and I am busy with my film assignments and hence, I am not able to take an active part in TDP affairs,\" he said. Nani was producer and distributor of Junior NTR's films.Some TDP leaders suspect that Junior NTR was encouraging Nani and his follower Vallabhaneni Vamsi to settle scores with his uncle Balakrishna and Naidu for humiliating him and his father Harikrishna, who is party's Rajya Sabha MP and also politburo member. Sources said Nani was miffed after Naidu's 'sambandi' Balakrishna expressed his desire to contest the next election from Gudivada. Nani reported to have been trying to get the matter clarified with the party high command but to no avail.Nani's close friend Vamsi created ripples in the party when he publicly hugged Jagan in Vijayawada recently. Though the party issued a show-cause notice to Vamsi, it did not take any action against him. Later, Nuzvid legislator Chinnam Ramakotaiah raised a banner of revolt against the party leadership by commenting that party's chances of winning 2014 elections were remote. Naidu swung into the action and pacified Ramakotaiah, who is also likely to cross sides to the YSR CP.After meeting Naidu last fortnight, Nani said that he had decided to continue in the TDP as Naidu assured him of solving his grievances. However, his absence from Naidu's dharna in Vijayawada 10 days back triggered rumour mills that Nani was moving away from the party. Meanwhile, the TDP leadership has initiated steps to placate disgruntled MLAs and prevent their exit, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14790855", "title": "Restrict entry of heavy vehicles on e-way, says expert", "text": "PUNE: The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) will strictly enforce the law against overloaded vehicles to prevent damage and road accidents on highways.The authority has identified six highways for implementing the legal provisions. The action will commence in Pune region in the next few months.The six highway stretches identified for the pilot project against overloading include Belgaum-Dharwad, Hyderabad-Yadgiri, Dhankuni-Kharagpur in West Bengal , Porbandar-Bhiladi, Swaroopganj-Pindwara-Udaipur and Baran-Shivpuri-Jhansi sections.A senior NHAI official admitted that overloading is a problem across the country and must be curbed.\"The road construction company which undertakes the highway development projects on build- operate-transfer basis itself has been given the authority to install weigh bridges and other equipment at toll plazas to take action against overloading. These companies have the right to check the load and if it is in excess, it should be removed,\" the official said.As part of the measures to curb overloading, special weigh-in-motion systems, weigh bridges and other equipment would be installed near toll plazas. The weigh-in-motion systems would be installed at approaches to each toll lane, while there would be a separate space for static weigh bridge and an area for holding off-loaded goods.Instructions have been issued to road construction companies to comply with the concession agreement. NHAI will closely monitor the enforcement of the provisions.The ministry of road transport and highways has said that overloaded trucks and other heavy vehicles badly damage road infrastructure which translates into huge expenses for maintenance of roads.Overloading, the ministry said, is also one of the major causes for increasing number of road accidents. Ministry officials point out that if the load is two times the specified limit, the damage caused is 16 times.Overloaded vehicles are also dangerous for other vehicles and road users, besides increasing fuel consumption and pollution levels.The ministry has stated that as per the provisions of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 the excess load has to be offloaded and the driver or owner of the vehicle has to bear the cost. It also invites a penalty and compounding fees before the vehicle moves on.National highways constitute 2 % of the total roads in the country. However, 80 % of the cargo is carried through national highways, either destination-to-destination or partially.The responsibility for taking action against overloading is with the state government as road transport is a state issue.However, because of the seriousness of the problem, the ministry of road transport and highways, has been repeatedly asking the state governments for strict enforcement of the legal laws against overloading.The ministry has said that 26 states among them Maharashtra, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh , Arunachal Pradesh , Delhi, Bihar , Rajasthan, Gujarat, Tripura, and Uttar Pradesh had taken action against overloading.The provisions of Damage to Public Property Act, 1984 could also be enforced by states to stop overloading, the ministry pointed out.In Pune region too, weigh bridges would be installed near toll plazas in the next few months, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14789322", "title": "Minor\u2019s rape foiled by potholes", "text": "NOIDA: Potholes dotting the city roads making be irksome for motorists, but parents of a 12-year-old girl who was kidnapped and nearly raped must be thankful for their existence.On Friday, Prempal, a resident of Garhi Chowkhandi was standing on the road along with his wife and 12-year-old daughter in heavy rain when a Hyundai i10 stopped and the girl was pulled in by two occupants of the car.When Prempal raised an alarm, local residents started running after the car. After a short chase, they found the car stuck in a pothole and surrounded it. Finding themselves trapped, one of the accused, Raje, stepped out of the car and started waving a lathi (baton) at the people surrounding them. Local residents, however, overpowered the accused.Meanwhile, police were informed and soon cops reached the spot and arrested Raje. However, two of his associates fled from the scene of crime. The accused has been found to have a criminal background and cases have been registered against him in Sector 24 and Sector 58 police stations.A senior police official said that a case has been registered against the accused and his associates. \"The accused has been sent to jail while a manhunt has been launched to nab the other culprits,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14786730", "title": "Amar Circus violates zoo authority guidelines", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central Zoo Authority (CZA) inspection and evaluation committee has recommended seizure of Padma, a female elephant with Amar Circus, for illegal ownership and violating CZA guidelines for housing and care of elephants. It has also directed to stop performance of semi-blind hippopotamus Amar.The committee has urged chief wildlife warden to seize the elephant immediately and send it to a rehabilitation centre as advised by CZA where the animal can receive extensive veterinary treatment and is housed in a natural and free-ranging environment with other female elephants and have scope for exhibiting natural behaviours.\"A case may be booked against the circus owner by both, the chief wildlife warden and Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI), for illegal possession of elephant under Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, and Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act respectively,\" says the report.Chief wildlife warden, SWH Naqvi, said he is yet to receive the report but if CZA has recommended then action will be taken. \"We will seize the elephant and send it to a rescue centre,\" he told TOI.On a complaint by BJP MP and animal rights activist, Maneka Gandhi , and PFA leader, Naresh Kadyan, an eight-member CZA committee had inspected and evaluated the Amar Circus in the city on June 25. The panel submitted its report on July 5.The report says the circus owner does not possess any specific ownership certificate or legal procurement certificate for the elephant as per the claims.\"The circus owner has produced old document referring to three elephants which does not endorse or confirm legal ownership of Padma,\" the report says. The owner did not intimate the CZA about the death of two elephants, which died at Muzaffarpur in 2008 and Chhindwara in 2011, violating law.The CZA has also recommended AWBI to recall and cancel any licences issued to circuses that use animals. It has urged AWBI to ban Amar Circus from any performance, holding, procuring, owning, possessing, exhibiting, displaying, breeding any exotic and domestic animals.The committee urged the AWBI, Chennai, to issue necessary instructions to immediately stop performance of blind hippopotamus at the circus. It has recommended to send the hippo to lifetime care in consultation with CZA to a recognized zoo or rescue centre, immediately. However, currently, there are no rescue centres for hippos in India.The committee members observed that there is not any legal document for none of the animals or birds to prove their acquisition or source or ownership or legal procurement.The AWBI and CZA has been requested to take action against circus owner to shift all animals out and to other suitable facilities immediately, where appropriate housing facility can be provided to each bird and animal.\"Amar Circus does not have necessary infrastructure to maintain such animals and in their greed to use these animals and exploit them for commercial reasons, they are inflicting unnecessary cruelty upon these animals,\" the committee has submitted.Hence, the committee has also recommended that all animals that are not covered by the Wildlife Protection Act of 1972 and CZA guidelines, such as horses, camels, dogs, ducks and birds be immediately removed from the circus by the AWBI.The committee consisted of deputy conservator, P K Mahajan, Kartick Satyanarayan, Suparna Baksi Ganguly, Dr A B Shrivastav, Ashish Goswami, B K Gupta, S N Kapoor and SDO Prakash Patil.The step ahead* Female elephant, Padma, with Amar circus may be sent to rehabilitation centre* Circus face ban on any performance, holding, procuring, owning, possessing, exhibiting, displaying, breeding any exotic and domestic animals* CZA recommends recall and cancellation of licences of circuses that use animals* Lifetime care recommended for semi-blind hippopotamus at a recognized zoo or rescue centre", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "14789805", "title": "Suspension, a wake-up call for engineers", "text": "PURNIA: Water resources department (WRD) minister Vijay Kumar Chowdhury's decision to suspend four engineers and seek explanation from two assistant engineers on charges of dereliction of duty and flouting the department's diktat in connection with the breach on western main canal following inspection report by Darbhanga division chief engineer, is a wake up call for other WRD engineers and all those involved in the upkeep and maintenance of the eastern and western embankments on the Kosi river.The western main canal had breached at 11.78 km in the downstream near Hanumannagar in Nepal, on the night on July 4. The canal has been designed to hold discharge upto 8,500 cusec only. The 20-feet breach had occurred near Hanumannagar on Nepal side when the water discharge level had plummeted to barely 1,500 cusec against design capacity of 8,500 cusec. As the water discharge levels at that point of time was pegged at 1,500 cusecs, it did neither cause any devastation nor affected the villages in its vicinity, it nevertheless caught the executive and assistant engineer napping inviting the wrath of WRD top brass, senior engineers told TOI on Monday.As the news spread, WRD minister rushed the chief engineer to make an inquiry and fix responsibility. The government has allocated a whopping fund of Rs 100 crore for the avowed purpose this time. Kosi barrage chief engineer Rajesh Kumar said everything is now in place and there is nothing to panic. Meanwhile, the water discharge level has gone down to 80,160 cusec and 57,650 cusec at Kosi barrage at Birpur (Supaul) and Barahkhestra on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "14789411", "title": "Newborns to be screened for neonatal disorders", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) is all set to start newborn-screening programmes in all government hospitals in the state. This is part of the mission's bid to save newborn babies from neonatal disorders. The screening tests will be done free of cost.When an infant is subjected to this test, doctors can identify whether the baby has neonatal disorders before he/she shows any symptoms of it.NRHM state director M Beena told TOI that they had received state and Central approval for this programme.\"NRHM has allotted Rs 60 lakh for this project and the state health department has sanctioned Rs 44 lakh. The programme will be implemented in all government hospitals soon,\" said Beena.Blood samples will be collected from the baby within 24 hours of delivery. The blood will be allowed to dry on a piece of absorbent paper and it will be sent to the newborn-screening laboratory for testing, said Dr Prabha Chandran Nair, additional director of health service (planning).The newborn-screening facility will be available in Public Health and Clinical Laboratory, Thiruvananthapuram and regional laboratories in Ernakulam and Kozhikode.Each lab can test 100 blood samples per day. The result will be available in three days.\"The lab will e-mail the result to the hospitals concerned. We will install all equipment necessary for the functioning of the newborn-screening facility utilizing funds allotted by the NRHM and the state health wing,\" said Nair.\"Metabolic and such other genetic disorders will prevent an infant's normal physical and mental development. Most of these disorders are not apparent at birth. By the time the symptoms appear, the problem would have become almost irreversible. Through this programme, we can detect these disorders and can provide early treatment. We can thus save our children from life-long trauma,\" said Beena..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14789129", "title": "Cops survey streets with Rapid Action Force team", "text": "NASHIK: To combat possible communal tension during the upcoming festival season, the city police carrying out a march on Monday with special forces such as the Rapid Action Force (RAF) Battalion 2 of Navi Mumbai, the Quick Response Team, and officers at staff at Bhadrakali police station.The route which witnessed a march of a combined team of a hundred law enforcement officers, was laid out between the Bhadrkali and CBS areas.The march was specifically carried out with an aim to ensure that RAF is well-acquainted with the city's topography, mainly its sensitive areas and mainly vital and sensitive areas should it need to execute emergency action in the city.Senior police officials said that there were many areas that needed security especially those which housed institutes and government offices which were vital and needed instant security cover during emergency situations.Apart from this, police also red-flagged communally sensitive areas, where emergency security could be anticipated. also need police presence during certain times. Hence it was essential to conduct such route march for familiarisation of the area for the concerned police teams.RAF's battalion would be conducting the route march on a continual basis across the city until July 15, after which it will return to its base in Navi Mumbai. The march has been designed to While RAF's Navi Mumbai team of the Rapid Action Force will return to its base, equip the force with enough data for it to prepare for action if an emergency arose in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14792373", "title": "Thief found hanging dead in liquor shop", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 32-year-old thief died while trying to break into a liquor shop in Vanasthalipuram on Sunday night. The incident came to light on Monday morning when the staff of Chalapathi wines at Auto Nagar opened the shop. \"The employees found a dead man hanging from the iron beams of the roof. They immediately alerted us and we brought down the body and sent it for post-mortem,\" inspector B R Reddy said. The identity of the man was yet to be established.The thief apparently climbed on to the roof and managed to partially open one of the sheets and the iron mesh to climb down the shop. While trying to slip inside, he seemed to have lost the grip and an iron rod protruding out of the side wall pierced into his stomach. \"The thief's legs were entangled in electric wires of the ceiling fan and the light. We suspect that he died due to excessive bleeding or electric shock,\" the inspector said. A case was booked under section 174 (Suspicious death) of the CrPC has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14789602", "title": "Excited students help schools register high turnout after summer vacation", "text": "LUCKNOW: After an extended summer vacations of nearly 40 days, children studying in CBSE and ICSE schools were rather enthusiastic to meet their friends and classmates, as their schools re-opened on Monday. For students of UP board, the excitement quotient was high, as the new academic session began on Monday.Even though the weather on Monday was not very pleasant, nothing could deter the spirits of students who entered the school with full zeal and enthusiasm. And according to the school authorities, good number of students walked in to the schools happily leaving their parents in their homes.Principal City Montessori School (CMS) Gomtinagar M Batra said, \"Attendance in our school was very good. I could see the happiness on the faces of children and their parents who came to drop them. I am sure parents must be relieved after sending their kids to schools.\"Principals of almost all major schools unanimously said that attendance on day one is usually high as students are anxious to meet their friends. \"We saw more than 90% students attending classes. It's generally that after a long gap, excitement prevails among the students, as boredom takes a centre stage during vacations,\" said CK Ojha, principal, Kendriya Vidyalaya, Aliganj.Students too expressed their cheerfulness. \"It is always fun going to school, meeting friends, sharing thoughts and gossiping after a long summer break. So many days at home make us feel lazy,\" said Asmita Gurnani, a class X student of La Martiniere Girls College. She, however, added that a week's extension helped her finishing school home work and projects. Kaushiki Singh, mother of Kush, who studies in class III in St Francis' College said, \"My son was very excited to meet his friends. In fact, he was getting restless at home. The additional one week of holidays was a bonus to him, as he was reluctant to go to school initially. But on Monday, he enjoyed going to school because of the pleasant weather.\"Students in schools shared stories with their friends and classmates. \"It was not a very hectic day. Many students were without books, so proper classes could not be conducted,\" said RP Mishra, principal, Queen's Inter College.State education officials claimed that most books were already distributed in the schools. As per additional director, basic education, MS Rana, \"Books of 42 titles have been distributed in almost all schools. Remaining 18 will be distributed in a day or two. No student will face problem in terms of shortage of books.\" Students in primary schools have 20 books, while those in junior classes have 40 books (including all subjects).Academic session for students studying in class IX-XII started without much preparation. Unavailability of books and uniform were the top problems faced by the students. Sources, informed that Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad is still to make budget for the student's uniform. In these situations, the seriousness of imparting education can be well ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14788154", "title": "Fisherman's remains arrive from Pak 42 days after death", "text": "MUMBAI: After a harrowing wait of 42 days, the body of fisherman Rambhai Vala was finally transported from Pakistan to India on Monday. The Pakistan International Airlines flight carrying the remains landed in Mumbai at 1.30pm, and, following formalities, the body was sent to Vala's hometown in Junagadh district of Gujarat.Vala and seven others aboard a trawler were fishing in the deep sea when, on November 18 last year, they were caught by the Pakistan marine security for trespassing the country's territorial waters. The fishermen were consequently jailed. While in prison, Vala reportedly took ill. On May 28, according to the information received by his family, the 52-year-old died of cardio respiratory allergy due to hepatitis.For over a month though, there was no apparent governmental attempt to repatriate Vala's body. Journalist-activist Jatin Desai, who helped secure Vala's remains, on Monday criticized the 42-day delay as \"inexplicable\", particularly since \"his identity had been established by the Pakistan authorities when he was detained last year\".Desai called attention to the plight of fishermen, Indian and Pakistani, who inadvertently stray into the waters of the neighbouring nation and are sent to prison for months, sometimes years. Invariably, their fate hinges on the political climate and the occasional goodwill gestures of the governments. \"There are currently around 150 fishermen in Pakistani jails and 120 Pakistani fishermen in Indian jails,\" said Desai. \"Both countries need to be prompt in releasing innocent people caught in cross-country politics.\"Two members of the Gujarat fishing department who came to receive Vala's body on behalf of his family said many Gujarati fishermen overstep the sea border, which \"is not demarcated and is unknowingly crossed\". \"Once you are caught, no one knows when you will return,\" said one of the officials, D M Ghadhya. \"It depends on when the government decides to release prisoners. Recently, Pakistan freed 311 fishermen.\"A relative of Vala's family in Gujarat too spoke of other fishermen in Pakistani jails. \"There are two more men from our village in a prison there. Officials got the contact number (of Vala's kin) through them. The family is in grief. They may get another autopsy to find the cause of his death,\" the relative said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "14790486", "title": "'Bishna Ram, Jakhar wanted to escape to expand criminal acts'", "text": "JODHPUR: Buoyed by their newfound notoriety and media coverage in the Bhanwari Devi case, Bishna Ram Bishnoi and Kailash Jakhar planned their escape from the high court premises on June 14 to give a push to their criminal activities which otherwise had come to a standstill.While Jakhar managed to flee, only to be nabbed again, Bishna Ram was unable to escape on the fateful day. Both Bishnoi and Jakhar were looking forward to reorganizing and reviving their gang and for unleashing a renewed saga of terror besides settling old and pending matters, police said..\"They being the ace players of their gang, the entire activities had come to a standstill which they considered as a goodwill deficit. So, they planned to escape from the custody to regain this declining activities and also to cash in on the popularity, which they had obtained in the Bhanwari Devi case,\" Ajay Pal Lamba, DCP (West) said. The duo have been involved in crime since long with 31 cases pending against Bishnoi and 29 cases Jakhar, he said.Their gang has been involved in land-grabbing and illegal settling of land disputes, threatening, extortion, vehicle thefts, smuggling of liquor and other drugs like opium and poppy. \"They wanted to get out of the jail by any means to continue their derailed business,\" an official said adding that Bishna Ram had wanted to flee as he had some personal and land related issues to be sorted out.With several accomplices and supporters in different villages, Bishnoi and Jakhar wanted to expand their activities to other regions as well and also to prove themselves to be the biggest and powerful gang of the region, specially in liquor smuggling, the official said.A major supporter of this gang and sarpanch of Bhatelai village, Kailash Manju, had provided the carbine for use in the escape of Jakhar from the court. Manju was also in touch with Bishnoi and Jakhar while they were in jail and had coordinated the entire escape operation.Jakhar is still under police custody whereas Bishna Ram has been sent to judicial custody on Monday after a brief interrogation by police for 14 days. Police have so far arrested 18 people, including Kailash Kanwa, who had opened fire on the police on the court premises on June 14 June, for helping Jakhar escape. Still there are about 10 people who are still at large with weapons, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14789309", "title": "Bond trouble for new professional colleges coming up in Kerala", "text": "KOCHI: All new engineering colleges coming up in the state will have to obtain bonds from prospective teachers for receiving the no objection certificate (NOC) from the state government.In a landmark judgment Aimed to boost technical education standards in the state, the Kerala high court has also asked the state government to ensure that college buildings, laboratory and teaching staff were in place before issuing the no objection certificate.After going through the examination results from all engineering colleges in the state, the division bench of justices C N Ramachandran Nair and Babu Mathew P Joseph stated, \"In any case, if the government proposes to issue/consider no objection certificate for any new engineering college, it should permit it only after being convinced that buildings, laboratory and teaching staff are provided in advance, and the government should also insist that the management should produce bonds from qualified teaching staff to serve the college in the event, no objection certificate, recognition and affiliation are granted by the government, AICTE and university.\"They also maintained that there was no scope for new engineering colleges in the state which already provides admission for about 50,000 students annually. Many students gained admissions with minimum marks (50%) at these institutions and were not capable or equipped for completing the course, observed the court in its judgment on June 28, 2012.Pointing to inadequacies in academics, the bench noted that the state was already \"super saturated\" with engineering colleges, and that a \"large number of engineering colleges ... and in our view, the quality of education offered in these engineering colleges, 11 in number, all under the Cochin University, is so poor and feel if these colleges cannot be improved, the government should close down the same to prevent their continued disservice to the student community\".The court had issued an interim prohibitory order against the government on issuing no objection certificates for starting new colleges in the state.In order to ensure that students studying in these colleges are not affected by the withdrawal of recognition or affiliation, the court said that the government should first try to improve facilities, failing which they should order the closure of these institutions. The court has also recommended a subject-wise withdrawal of affiliation in branches where the pass percentage was poor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14787205", "title": "Dam levels not alarming but rains are must", "text": "NAGPUR: In spite of inadequate rainfall so far, the water storage in major dams of Vidarbha is not alarming yet. However, irrigation officials say that if the trend continues then the region will face acute water shortage next summer. With El Nino phenomenon developing in Pacific Ocean, rainfall is expected to be inadequate after mid-September.So far the situation is far better than 2009. In 2009 Gosikhurd and Lower Wardha dams were incomplete and the remaining 14 dams in Nagpur division had just 182 million cubic metre (mm3) water. Against this these 14 dams have 529 mm3. If storage in Gosikhurd and Lower Wardha is added then the figure is 739 mm3. These 16 dams have 26% storage. Last year the storage on July 9 was 32%.The increase in water storage is not satisfactory. On July 2 these dams had 714 mm3 water. Only 25 mm3 water has been stored in last seven days. Five major dams in Nagpur division are completely dry - Wana (Nagpur), Pujaritola (Gondia), Kalisarar (Gondia), Dina (Gadchiroli) and Pothra (Wardha).Irai dam of Mahagenco, which supplies water to the 2,340MW Chandrapur power plant is 34% full and there is no cause of worry as of now.The nine major dams of Amravati division are 22.7% full. However, Khadakpurna dam (Buldhana) is completely dry. The storage in Kotepurna dam (Akola) is next to negligible. However, Wan dam in the same district is almost 40% full.While most dams have unsatisfactory storage, Gosikhurd (stage I) is already around 60% full. Last year no water had been stored on this date. Lower Wardha dam, where water is being stored early for the first time is 32% full.The storage in 40 medium sized dams of Nagpur division is alarming - just 9%. The figures for 2011 and 2010 are 21% and 16% respectively. Poor rainfall has not affected minor dams if last two years are compared. This year the figure is 10% against 13% in 2011 and 12% in 2010. In Amravati division, the 23 medium sized dams have 23% storage against 29% in 2011 and 37.5% in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14791118", "title": "Student killed as tempo hits bike on Pune-Mumbai highway", "text": "PUNE: A 22-year-old student of the Bharati Vidyapeeth was killed and her friend was injured after a tempo knocked their two-wheeler on old Pune-Mumbai highway near New English High School at Wadgaon-Maval on Monday around 6.45 am. Neha Jeevan Kulkarni of Nanded and Harsh Mukund Rai Tang (22) of Raipur were returning to Pune from Lonavla. Harsh, who sustained injuries, is undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Pune.Investigating officer M H Mujawar of the Wadgaon Maval police said six friends - two girls and four boys - who had gone to Lonavla for sightseeing, were on their way to Pune on three two-wheelers. The tempo driver, who hasn't been identified, was travelling to the same direction and lost control over the vehicle and dashed against the Pulser from behind.Mujawar said the impact of the collision was such that Neha, who was riding pillion, died on the spot following multiple injuries. Harsh, who was driving the bike, was also injured. The tempo driver fled from the spot without informing the incident to the police, Mujawar said.One of the victim's friends, Sagvir Deshpande, told TOI that the six of them had left Lonavla at 5.30 am and were returning to Pune. but Neha's vehicle which was in the centre of other two wheelers was knocked down by the tempo\", Deshpande said. Deshpande further said Neha was a student of first year fine arts at the Bharati Vidyapeeth in Katraj while Harsh worked as designer in Pune. She was staying at her uncle's place in Sahakarnagar.The victim's body was handed over to her family members after performing post-mortem. The last rites will be performed at Nanded, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14788084", "title": "Neighbours help 57-yr-old widow in tough battle to bring son home", "text": "MUMBAI: The mother of 32-year-old software engineer Bhavesh Parmar, who is lodged in Lahore's central jail, is fortunate to have cultivated a keen support system to secure his release. The network now comprises activists, lawyers and Good Samaritans spanning the United Kingdom, Pakistan, the Indian Punjab right down to the Vile Parle building where she lives.Last week TOI met Hansaben at her fourth floor apartment in Subhash Lane and within a few minutes, a diligent neighbour, Kamlesh Shah, telephoned her to determine the identity of her visitor. Residents of Kamla Terrace, where Hansaben has lived for years, keep a lookout for the welfare of the 57-year-old widow.Parmar's married daughter lives in the western suburbs but, with two little children to care for, she is scarcely able to frequent government offices to fight for her brother's release. Yet, the lady who at first felt handicapped by inadequate exposure to official machinery and international relations has slowly found people who are willing to rally around to help.\"Earlier this year, I received a letter from journalist Neeraj Sharma who informed me that my son was in Kot Lakhpat Jail in Lahore. Sharma had interviewed a batch of Punjabi prisoners who were released at Wagah and one of them, Ram Rajji, passed him a chit of paper upon which my son had scribbled our address,\" Hansaben says. A friend of Bhavesh came to her aid and telephoned the reporter, who, in turn, put him through to Ram Rajji who gave the details.Soon, Parmar's neighbour Bharat Vora, who is currently in the Britain, began writing letters to the Indian embassy in Pakistan, the local police as well as government officials, requesting them to hasten Bhavesh's release. A neat portfolio was soon created.Vora chaperoned her to the offices of the local MP and MLA. As the network widened, activists across the UK, Pakistan and India like Jas Uppal, Awais Sheikh and Jatin Desai reached out to help. Another neighbour, Samir Shah, offered his email address for all correspondence. The Shahs own an office on the ground floor of Kamla Terrace while Parmar lives on the fourth floor.\"We tried shouting out news to one another for a few days but I felt guilty because that is their workplace. So now I visit the office every Saturday afternoon where the Shahs give me printouts of the week's emails and facsimile correspondence that arrives from different parts of the world,\" Hansaben says. Another neighbour on the second floor receives emails for her too, and this is easier to read out from the balcony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14789363", "title": "Contractors come under police lens", "text": "LUCKNOW: With the name of a contractor and cable operator coming to the fore in the murder of cable operator Hemendra Pratap Singh, the Lucknow police have decided to bring all the contractors registered with various government departments under its radar.Besides, the police have also taken out the list of top 27 criminals in the state capital and directives have been given by district police chief IG Ashutosh Pandey to keep a check on their activities and ensure safety of criminals who are brought for hearing in the court.The police have till now collected the details of the contractors and are now examining their credentials, criminal record, financial standing and mafia back up with a special focus on cable operators. A maximum of 1,375 contractors are registered with the Public Works Department followed by 550 with Lucknow Municipal Corporation and 349 with Lucknow Development Authority. In all, the police have collected details of about 3,582 contractors.Talking to TOI, IG Pandey said that cops had been directed to check whether they are actually working with the respective departments or are merely dummy names while the influence is of mafia elements or some influential politician. Directives have also been given to see whether black money of any politician, bureaucrat or any other person was being used by these contractors or not.Besides, the cops have been directed to examine various disputes between the contractors which should be followed by preventive measures, Pandey further said and added similarly instructions have also been given to see the disputes between various cable operators.Cops have also been directed to keep a vigil on activities of top 27 criminals of the state capital. Citing example, Pandey told mediapersons that the top three criminals of the city Salim, Rustam and Sohrab had come from New Delhi for hearing at least 26 times in the past six months.Similarly, activities of the criminal during their appearance in the court should also be kept under strict vigil, the IG said and added that there have been reports that a few of the criminals had been involved in extortion activities even after being lodged in jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14788124", "title": "Nagpur University staffer injured in freak mishap", "text": "NAGPUR: A physically challenged employee of Nagpur University (NU) was injured in a freak accident while on the university premises on Monday afternoon, in which he lost three fingers of his right hand.Rambhau Katole, who is deaf and mute, was badly injured when four of his fingers got trapped in a printing unit installed on the university premises. The university functioning came to a halt as other employees rushed to help Katole. Doctors from Lata Mangeshkar Hospital were also summoned. It took about half an hour to get his trapped fingers retrieved. Katole fainted due to excessive bleeding. He was immediately rushed to Babhulkar hospital in Dhantoli where he was operated.Vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal himself visited the spot and supervised operations along with registrar Mahesh Yenkie, PRO Prashant Mohite and other officials. Katole's colleague Raju Baisware also helped him out and accompanied him to the hospital. Katole was employed on compassionate grounds and has been working there for 22 years. He is now recovering, Baisware said. The university will be taking care of all his medical expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14790747", "title": "Mango fiesta throws up juicy surprises", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"Kuppi,\" a lesser known mango variety, that was introduced to the Tricity market last year is fast catching the fancy of the residents. It is giving \"dussehri\" and \"safeda\" a run for their money and the competition would only get stiffer once \"kalmi\" and \"tapka\" hit the market next week. People are buying the small, appetizing \"kuppi\" -- which is being brought here from Kerala -- with gusto in the second consecutive year. Many other varieties of mangoes have started arriving in the market, which people are buying with relish but the \"dussehri\" and \"kuppi\" are the fast selling mangoes in the market. \"There are many varieties of mangoes, but \"kuppi\" is different -- it is really juicy and sweet. I'll tell my father to get some more for me,\" smiled Rahul Kohli, a resident of Sector 30. The costliest variety, the alphonso (hapus mango), comes from Maharashtra. According to fruit sellers, most of the varieties like \"chausa,\" \"dussehri\" and \"langada\" come from Uttar Pradesh (Saharanpur and Lucknow), while others like \"kesar\" are bought from Rajasthan, followed by \"safeda\" and \"totapuri\" from Kerala. While several seasonal fruits are yet to reach the city markets, the king of fruits, mango has arrived much to the delight of many. \"People love mangoes in summer, and \"kuppi\" is selling really well,\" said Ramesh Kumar, a fruit seller in Sector 26. \"I am delighted to see so many different mango varieties, which I have not even heard about and am looking forward to tasting them all,\" said Kajal Sharma, a resident of Sector 27.Available varietiesDussehri 40 Langada 50 Chausa 60 Safeda 60 Neelam 40 Tinga 40 Totapuri 35 Phajli 15 Kesar 80 Gulab jamun 20 Jafran 20 Sarauli 20 Hapus 600 per 12 pieces Kuppi 50Coming next weekKalmi Tapka", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14789400", "title": "Medical schemes to be tweaked", "text": "PANAJI: The government has decided to review the mediclaim scheme as well as the universal medical insurance scheme - Swarnajayanti Arogya Bima Yojna, which was launched during the golden jubilee of the state's liberation.Health minister Laxmikant Parsekar said that after raising the ceiling for the Swarnajayanti Arogya Bima Yojna scheme from Rs 60,000 to Rs 2 lakh, the mediclaim scheme would be discontinued in a phased manner.Speaking to media persons, Parsekar said, \"We are trying to simplify the medical insurance scheme in the interests of people of the state.\"\"Once this amount is increased and the scheme is on track, I don't think that we would require mediclaim scheme to continue,\" Parsekar said.The government had made a financial provision in the budget to increase the Swarnajayanti Arogya Bima scheme from Rs 60,000 to Rs 2 lakh. Government has decided to revise the tariff for treatment so that more and more private hospitals register with the government. Private hospitals had opposed the previous government tariff fixed for various treatments.\"Once more private hospitals are registered with government under this scheme, then pressure on Goa medical college and hospital at Bambolim will be reduced,\" Parsekar said. He further said that once private hospitals are registered then government can issue directions to those private hospitals.The state government-run Swarnajayanti Arogya Bima scheme is in collaboration with ICICI Lombard and it has cashless treatment of upto Rs 60,000 per family of five members.Parsekar said that as ICICI Lombard had first signed a memorandum of understanding with government to run the scheme, health department will give first preference to ICICI Lombard to run the reviewed scheme.\"If ICICI Lombard does not accept the government's new scheme, then we will search for a new insurance company to run the modified scheme,\" said Parsekar.He also said that once this scheme is implemented then the government can provide some incentives to doctors working at GMC and government hospitals which can stop them from doing private practice. \"We can also direct private hospitals not to allow government doctors to practice in their clinics,\" said Parsekar. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14789622", "title": "Pull up socks, education officials told", "text": "PATNA: On July 7, when the Arwal DM made a sudden inspection of the Arwal Girls High School around 10.45am, none of the 12 teachers present was found in classrooms. All of them were found gossiping. Girl students were found wandering. When the DM checked the attendance register of different classes, only 32% of the total enrolled students were found present in the school.Bihar education minister P K Shahi and senior officials of the department were stunned on Monday when the department's principal secretary Amarjeet Sinha narrated the report of Arwal DM at the inaugural session of a two-day workshop of district-level education officers on \"How to improve attendance and learning of schoolchildren\".Sinha pointed out that the Arwal Girls High School is located at the district headquarters. When such is the condition of a school located at a district headquarters, what would be the condition of schools located at remote villages? he wondered.He said though the state had done a marvellous work during the last seven years in bringing children to schools, improving attendance of students and providing quality education to the enrolled children still remained a challenge. \"The Arwal incident suggests all enrolled children are not coming to the school on a regular basis and the teachers, though present in the school, are not showing their involvement in teaching,\" Sinha said candidly.The district education officers (DEOs), district project officers (DPOs) and district superintendent of education (DSEs) of all 38 districts were present at the workshop.Sinha further asked the district officials, especially DEOs, to restore basic governance in schools and conduct inspection of remote schools on a regular basis. He also asked the officials to monitor students' attendance and access their learning progress besides ensuring punctuality of teachers in reaching schools and their participation in teaching process. He said, as per the guidance of the education minister, the rule of law has to prevail in the department. He also asked the DEOs and DSEs to take stern action, including suspension and dismissal, against erring teachers and block education officials.Project director, Bihar Education Project, Rahul Singh, while making a PowerPoint presentation on the issues concerning elementary education, asked the district officials to pull up their socks and take tough action against the erring teachers.In the open session, when the district officials were asked to speak about the difficulties they face at field level, several DEOs and DPOs suggested strengthening of the office of block education extension officer (BEEO), enhancement of salary of para teachers, exempting teachers from all non-teaching works like preparation of midday meals, construction of school buildings and conducting different kind of surveys, and strengthening of infrastructure before upgrading the schools to higher level. Some of the officers also suggested minimizing workload on the offices of DEOs and BEEOs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14788618", "title": "Left may want a repeat of Ansari as VP", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Left and several \"like-minded parties\" parties may want Hamid Ansari to continue as the vice-president.Recently, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh called Prakash Karat to ask the CPM general secretary his views about the vice-president election to be held on August 7. The CPI will meet on Tuesday to discuss the VP polls.Sources said the CPM won't support a Congress candidate as vice-president though they have decided to support UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee.While the presidential candidate was being discussed, there were reports of Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav was talking to Left leaders so that \"secular parties\" like the SP and RJD could come up with a candidate for the VP post.In 2007, Ansari's candidature for the VP's post was sponsored by the Left. His stocks have fallen since then, especially, after the Lokpal Bill fiasco in the Rajya Sabha where the VP is the ex-officio chairman. A section of Left leaders are no longer comfortable with supporting Ansari.However, if no other suitable candidate is found, Left parties which have 51,800 votes, would not mind supporting Ansari for another term, said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "14793029", "title": "BJP: NPF support to Pranab unfortunate", "text": "KOHIMA: The Nagaland unit of BJP has termed NPF's decision to support UPA presidential nominee Pranab Mukherjee as \"unfortunate\".In a release, Nagaland BJP president M Chuba Ao said the support given to UPA nominee by NPF is a \"mockery\" of the people of the northeast and stated that there is confusion over 'issue based' and 'unconditional' by NPF.The BJP president questioned the NPF how it is giving \"issue-based\" support to Pranab, while it is supporting the UPA government unconditionally.He added that most states also claimed that in most North East states have resolved to support the NDA presidential nominee P A Sangma, adding that \"Sangma being from NE and a tribal himself could make clear and genuine stands on tribal issues in India as president\".The BJP also appealed to legislators, irrespective of party affiliations, to support PA Sangma as presidential candidate.On Friday, the Naga People's Front (NPF) unanimously decided to support Pranab Mukherjee in the July 19 presidential election.The decision was made at its first working committee meeting this year.In the 60-member assembly, NPF has 35 members, while six Independent(s) are supporting the NPF-led DAN government.The Congress has 18 legislators and one Independent. Further, both the MPs from Nagaland also belong to NPF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14789058", "title": "Doctor booked over assault", "text": "NASHIK: A 37- year-old woman Sheetal Tushar Aher, of College Road, has lodged a complaint of house-tresspass after preparation for hurt, against her ex-husband Dr Tushar Aher. According to the complainant, Tushar, a resident of Parijat Nagar, Nashik entered her Homeo Care Clinic at Hiltop apartments, located near the vetgetable market, near the vegetable market on Gangapur Road, on Saturday and roughed her up over a personal matter. According to Sheetal, her husband also threatened to throw acid on her. The couple who are divroced are in a custody battle over their children.Reportedly, Tushar had stormed into Sheetal's clinic and had picked up an argument with her over her absence for counselling in family court. Tushar allegedly beat up the complainant as well. In her complaint, Sheetal added that her husband contended that she was avoiding counselling to prevent him from meeting their kids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14788122", "title": "'PoK native can't go back until trial is on'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday said a 27-year-old, who claims to be a native of Pak-Occupied Kashmir, cannot be deported pending trial for illegal entry into India.A division bench of Justices A M Khanwilkar and A R Joshi was hearing a petition filed by Wadala resident Siraj Khan, saying he was born in 1985 in Manshera, POK, but ran away from home when he was nine to avoid studies. He crossed Attari border into India and reached Delhi. He eventually landed in Mumbai. His petition said his attempts to return home failed. He has a wife and three children. Khan was arrested and booked in July 2009 under the Passport Act and the Foreign Citizen Act. In January 2010, a magistrate's court granted him bail.Additional public prosecutor Ajay Gadkari submitted that Khan was found without valid documents and is facing the charge of illegal entry into India and cannot be deported until the trial is over. \"To escape law, he has filed a petition to be deported,\" said Gadkari. Khan's advocate Ejaz Naqvi said his client just wants to return home. \"Can it be taken as an offence?\" he asked.The court concurred with Gadkari. It asked the state to file an affidavit and posted the hearing on July 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14788402", "title": "Haryana health minister, 7 others injured in road mishap", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana health minister Rao Narender Singh and seven others were injured in a road accident near Sukhna Lake in Chandigarh on Monday. The minister, who suffered a right arm fracture, was admitted in PGI along with his other staff members who also sustained injuries in the accident which took place around 1.15pm.According to eyewitness reports, the minister's official car collided with a mini-truck of the paramilitary forces when it applied breaks suddenly to avoid a pair on scooter.Among the injured are Rao's personal assistant Satish Sharma, driver Kaptain Singh, gunman Bahadur Singh, three Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) personnel - Deepak Kumar (driver), Constable Bachan Prasad and Sub Inspector Tara Chand - and two civilians -- Pawan Kumar and Ashish Kumar, who were on the scooter.\"The minister and his staff members were referred to PGI due to the nature of their injuries, while the CRPF personnel and two civilians were admitted to Government Multispecialty Hospital in Sector 16,\" said SHO of Sector-3 police station Neeraj Sarna.An FIR has registered against the driver of CRPF vehicle. \"The CRPF driver tried to save a scooterist and it was the minister's car that was at high speed and rammed the truck,\" a CRPF official claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14788577", "title": "Centre sends team to review Kaziranga floods", "text": "NEW DELHI: The environment and forests ministry has decided to send a team of officials from Delhi to review the situation in Kaziranga Wildlife Sanctuary in wake of flash floods that have inundated Assam.The announcement to send the member secretary of National Tiger Conservation Authority for a spot inspection and review comes a day after TOI reported on the high mortality of animals in the tiger reserve falling in the floodplains of Brahmaputra river.In a release the ministry said, \"During normal floods, which are recurring feature, there is less mortality of wild animals. However, flash floods do occur due to breaches in the upper areas of Brahmaputra, which result in increased deaths of wild animals.\"The ministry said, \"The state (Assam) has been requested to declare the adjoining Karbi Anglong Wildlife Sanctuary as a tiger reserve to enable adequate protection with Project Tiger assistance. This would be reiterated for expediting the same. The member secretary, NTCA would be visiting the reserve along with his team for spot appraisal/review, to strengthen the efforts by assisting the state.\"It noted that, \"Being located in the Brahmaputra flood plains, the reserve is prone to annual floods. However, the normal flood inundation is inherent and important aspect of the Kaziranga ecosystem to maintain the large number of water bodies (around175) and the floral/faunal biodiversity of the area.\"An assessment by the Assam-based member of the National Tiger Conservation Authority M Firoz Ahmed, which TOI had reported on, said that most of the rhino deaths were from the older age group, besides calves. However, three of them have been poached. The hog deer mortality, in particular had been reported to be very high. The report had highlighted the need for relieving the corridor areas from human pressure and avoiding change in land use pattern in the area around the park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14788450", "title": "6-yr-old kidnapped Ambala boy recovered in Ludhiana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Police recovered a six-year-old boy from Ambala City, hours after he was kidnapped from Ludhiana on Saturday. They have arrested the alleged kidnapper and Uttar Pradesh resident, Alok alias Guddu. He was produced in court at Ambala on Monday and remanded to judicial custody.Guddu allegedly kidnapped his landlord's son Lavish, from his house in Kaith Majri locality of Ambala, when he was home alone with his elder sister Neha. She later told her parents that Guddu had taken Lavish away \"to give him some eatables\".According to investigators, Guddu's wife had left his home about 15 days back and he suspected his landlady of instigating her to do so. According to cops, he had revenge on mind when he kidnapped the boy and also threatened to kill him within two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14791529", "title": "Sport stars and rockstars rule the roost", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nandita Verma, all of nine years, has her life and career path all chalked out. She wants to grow up to become a model then a successful actress like Priyanka Chopra and finally have a clothes line of her own. Focussed? Yes, but also star-struck.\"She spends hours in front of the mirror trying on different outfits and is actually very creative with them. We would never discourage her from choosing what she wants to do in the future, but what worries me is, she is so conscious of her looks and body at such a young age,\" said Nandita's mom, Vaishali Verma.Vaishali voices her concerns about how Nandita is already mindful of her diet and insists on wearing make-up when she goes out. That nobody wants to become the Mahatma is no surprise in these changed times but that they all want to become superstars or rock stars is.\"Kids today have immense exposure. They have unlimited access to television, movies and more recently the internet. Children, in their formative years, learn so much from observation and imitation. They emulate what they are exposed to and start believing that is the right way of life,\" said Rajita Anand, a lecturer at St. Francis junior college and mother of two.While movie stars rule the roost as new-age role models, musicians come a close second. \"My family has three generations of lawyers and now they expect me to study law and take over the flourishing practice but I want to be in a band. I am a bassist and known bass player William 'Billy' Sheehaan is my inspiration, I want to take this up as my career,\" said Rajdeep Sekhar, a class X student in a city school.Sports stars continue to have a timeless appeal among tiny tots, but they have ventured beyond the Tendulkar or Sehwag. \"I love football and Zlatan Ibrahimovic is my hero. The game hasn't really caught up much in Hyderabad or in India for that matter. I really want to do something about that,\" said Revanth Mantha aged 15.Parents on the other hand, find it extremely challenging to teach their kids about life without proper role models to serve as examples. \"When we were young we strived to look our best, do our best and most of all make our parents proud as they were our role models, these days celebrities are the yardsticks to measure success. I find that there are hardly any solid role models I can direct my children to aspire to be,\" said Aruna Nemani, a city mother and entrepreneur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "14791200", "title": "Falling prices leave farmers in the lurch", "text": "HASSAN: Falling prices, demand and yield have left cardamom growers in Hassan worried.Several farmers in Sakleshpur district have stopped cultivating cardamom, which was grown in over 25,000 hectares in the district in 2000. They are planning to submit a memorandum to both the state and Union governments seeking a loan waiver for Rs 11 crore.\"The yield of the crop has come down drastically. This year, only 20,000 to 25,000 kg of cardamom was sold at the three auction centres in the district. The prices hovered between Rs 250 and Rs 800 per kg,\" said Krishnaiah Gowda, the former president of Karnataka Elakki Belegarara Sangha.In 2000 the district alone produced 1.5 lakh to 2 lakh kg of cardamom and the farmers used to get anything between Rs 800 to Rs 2,000 for one kg.Krishnaiah attributed the fall in the production to \"Kokke Kandu\", a viral decease. \"Five years ago, farmers used to get 2,000 kg of cardamom from four acres. This year, the production has come down to 10 kg in four acres,\" he said.According to S Sreekrishna Bhat, a scientist attached to the Indian Cardamom Research Institute, Donigal, Sakleshpur taluk, said there was no permanent cure for viral diseases like 'Kokke Kandu' and 'Katte Kandu'.\"These diseases are found only in Karnataka. To increase the yield, the farmers can use Nelyadi Bold, a new breed of cardamom,\" he added. India is considered as the home of cardamom and the second highest producing country after Guatemala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14788254", "title": "Four fake eunuchs held for harassing passengers", "text": "KANPUR: The Railway Protection Force has arrested four fake eunuchs from the Memu train bound for Lucknow-Kanpur here on Monday evening.RPF Inspector Sanjay Pandey informed that four fake eunuchs were harassing the passengers in the local train when they were nabbed.\"We have got them medically examined and all the four are men. They harass and extort money from passengers on board trains,\" said Pandey while talking to TOI.The RPF inspector said that the four have been identified as Munna alias Sheela, Arif alias Roshini, Jimmy alias Neha and Khushi.It is a gang of some 9-10 people who operate on different trains. Their leader is a eunuch. We are now trying to nab the entire gang, said the RPF official further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14792714", "title": "Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike raids malls selling stale food", "text": "BANGALORE: BBMP on Monday cracked down on three malls in the city for stocking up expired goods.The chairman of standing committee of health, other members of the committee, medical officers and health department officials in the West Zone inspected three malls - two in Basaveshwaranagar and one in Subrahmanyanagar. They found that theses shops were selling items which had crossed the expiry date and could not be consumed.The committee was acting on complaints from residents. BBMP seized all food items immediately and fined them upto Rs1 lakh and Rs 50,000 respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14791672", "title": "Get an engineering seat with 45%", "text": "BHOPAL: Obtaining admission in engineering colleges in Madhya Pradesh is easier than getting a seat in the under-graduate colleges. It may sound paradoxical when one can easily bag admission in an engineering college in the state provided he or she has managed to get just 45% marks in their Class XII exam while students with 75% marks find themselves out of the race in the struggle to get admission in the under-graduate colleges of their choice.An example: During the recently introduced higher education department's online admission process, several students with 75% marks failed to get admission in the under-graduate colleges of their choice whereas around 20,000 students without even appearing in pre-engineering test (PET) in 2011 took admission in the engineering colleges with minimum marks of 45% in Class XII.The situation will remain the same this year as well in the engineering colleges. This year around 55,000 students have registered so far in the engineering colleges after the PET results were declared. Of them, around 40,000 students have locked their choices against 95,000 seats available in different engineering colleges of the state.\"This year too, thousands of seats are likely to remain vacant once the counseling is over. Once the counseling is over, students with 45% marks in Class XII, who did not even appear in the PET, would get admission,\" says the directorate of technical education (DTE) policy.According to DTE officials, the decision to allow admission on the basis of Class XII marks was decided to fill up the seats lying vacant in the engineering colleges.Even engineering colleges have felt that PET has lost its sheen after allowing the students to get admission on the basis of the Class XII marks.\"Only common entrance test at the national is the best solution to this issue,\" IES College director Prof Sunita Singh said.\"The common entrance test will ensure quality engineers in the future as they take admission after clearing competitive tests. Several states like Haryana which do not have their own pre-engineering test has allowed admission to students on the basis of AIEEE marks,\" she added.According to DTE, 62,000 students took admission in the state's engineering colleges last year with almost 24,000 seats remained vacant. Surprisingly, around 20,000 students out of the 62,000 students took admission in different engineering colleges either on the basis of Class XII marks or even after scoring zero in PET.ramendra.singh@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14797400", "title": "Mahesh Babu appreciates Rajamouli\u2019s Eega", "text": "When it comes to appreciating other films, prince Mahesh Babu will always stand right up there. The superstar never hides his emotions and always expresses his joy whenever any Telugu film impresses him.After admiring Siddharth's \"Love Failure\", Mahesh Babu has showered praises on director Rajamouli's recent release Eega. The actor took to his micro-blogging site to share his views about Eega. He said Eega is one of the greatest films ever made in the Telugu film industry and congratulated the Rajamouli for his directorial skills.\"Eega will stand out as 1 of d greatest films ever made in the Telugu film industry. Take a bow ssrajamouli:)congratulations to the entire team (sic)\", posted Mahesh Babu. The star actor also praised Sudeep's performance and described it as outstanding \"A special mention needs 2b made for sudeep's performance...outstanding!!!\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14788252", "title": "State accounts for 3.69 crore voters", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The election commission is all praises for its state unit in Gujarat for achieving a target of 98% for the photo electoral rolls and issuing election photo identity cards (EPIC) to voters.Chief election commissioner V S Sampath said on Monday that the draft electoral roll has 3.69 crore voters and there is a possibility of the increase of 2.26% voters in the final roll. Of these, 98% of the electoral rolls have photographs and the equal number of voters have been issued EPIC. \"Gujarat is one of the few states to have achieved this distinction,\" he said.About the enrollment of youths, Sampath said that earlier it was 20%, but now we have 55% of the eligible youths who have been enrolled in the voters' list.Sampath expressed concern over the gender imbalance in the voters' list. Earlier, against 1,000 male voters there were just 907 female voters registered. This ratio has increased slightly to 909 female voters against 1000 male voters.\"We have asked the state election machinery to increase it further and take up a drive to have all eligible voters listed in the voters' list. We have been assured that the electoral roll by elections will have 100% photos,\" he said.The state election machinery has also been asked to transfer staff from districts with surplus staff to those with skeleton staff strength.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14790856", "title": "Top heavy trucks on watch", "text": "PUNE: The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) will strictly enforce and monitor all legal provisions against overloading to prevent damage and road accidents on national highways.The authority has identified six highways for implementing the provisions. Officials said that the provisions would also be implemented in Pune region in the next few months.The six highway stretches identified for implementing the pilot project against overloading include Belgaum-Dharwad section, Hyderabad-Yadgiri section, Dhankuni-Kharagpur section in West Bengal , Porbandar-Bhiladi section, Swaroopganj-Pindwara-Udaipur section and Baran-Shivpuri-Jhansi section.As part of the measures to curb overloading, special weigh-in-motion systems, weigh bridges and other equipment would be installed near toll plazas. The weigh-in-motion systems would be installed at approaches to each toll lane, while there would separate space for static weigh bridge and an area for holding off-loaded goods.A senior NHAI official when contacted admitted that overloading is a problem across the country and must be curbed. \"The road construction company which undertakes the highway development projects on build- operate-transfer basis itself has been given the authority to install weigh bridges and other equipment at toll plazas to take action against overloading. They have the right to check the load and if it is in excess, it should be removed,\" the official said.The ministry of road transport and highways has said that overloaded trucks and other heavy vehicles badly damage road infrastructure which translates into huge expenses for maintenance of roads. Overloading, the ministry said, is also one of the major causes for increasing number of road accidents. Ministry officials point out that if the load is two times the specified limit, the damage caused is 16 times. Overloaded vehicles are also dangerous, not only for the vehicles, but also for other road users, besides increasing fuel consumption and pollution levels.The ministry has stated that as per the provisions of the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 the excess load has to be offloaded and the driver or owner of the vehicle has to bear the cost. It also invites a penalty and compounding fees before the vehicle moves on.National highways constitute 2 % of the total roads in the country. However, 80 % of the cargo is carried through national highways, either destination-to-destination or partially. The responsibility for taking action against overloading is with the state government as road transport is a state issue. However, because of the seriousness of the problem, the ministry of road transport and highways, has been repeatedly asking the state governments for strict enforcement of the legal laws against overloading.The ministry has said that 26 states among them Maharashtra, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh , Arunachal Pradesh , Delhi, Bihar , Rajasthan, Gujarat, Tripura, and Uttar Pradesh had taken action against overloading. The provisions of Damage to Public Property Act, 1984 could also be enforced by states to take action against overloading, the ministry pointed out.Instructions have been issued to road construction companies to comply with the concession agreement. NHAI will closely monitor the enforcement of the provisions.A senior NHAI official when contacted admitted that overloading is a problem across the country and must be curbed. \"The road construction company which undertakes the highway development projects on build- operate-transfer basis itself has been given the authority to install weigh bridges and other equipment at toll plazas to take action against overloading. They have the right to check the load and if it is in excess, it should be removed,\" the official said.In Pune region too, weigh bridges would be installed near toll plazas in the next few months, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14791223", "title": "Realtor murdered at Nande village", "text": "PUNE: A real estate agent was murdered by two unidentified youths near Nande village in Mulshi taluka on Sunday afternoon. The deceased, Shaildendrasingh Balbirsingh Babbar (38), was a resident of Kondhwa.Inspector Ganesh More of Paud police station said that the incident took place around 3.30 pm. \"As per a complaint lodged by Babbar's friend Amol Chavan, Babbar and he had gone to Mulshi for some work on Sunday morning. \"Around 2 pm, Babbar received a call on his cell phone. The caller told Babbar about a piece of land for sale near Nande village and asked him to go there,\" More said.\"On their way to Nande, they picked up two youths from Sus village, who guided them towards the plot. However, Babbar did not like the land,\" More said.While Babbar was talking with the youths, one of them suddenly put a pistol on him and the other one stabbed him with a knife, More said. \"When Chavan tried to intervene, the youths attacked him also, but he managed to escape.\" Later, the police reached the spot and took Babbar to hospital, where he was declared dead. \"Chavan told the police that he does not know the suspects. We are yet to ascertain the reason behind the murder,\" More added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14791116", "title": "Abduction of College of Engineering Pune student still a mystery", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police say there are still many unanswered questions regarding the kidnapping and robbing of College of Engineering Pune (COEP) student Nikhil Gatagat.The 20-year-old was allegedly abducted by four men in Pune on Saturday night. The men robbed him, drove him to Vashi and threw him into the creek from the old Mankhurd-Vashi bridge. Nikhil was rescued by fishermen who took him to the Vashi police station.Officials investigating the case, however, say there are discrepancies in Gatagat's narration of the incident.\"As of now, we are not ruling out any possibility regarding the motive behind the incident,\" said Manohar Joshi , senior police inspector of the Deccan Gymkhana police station.Assistant commissioner of police (Deccan division) Kalyankumar Lavange said that the Vashi police on Sunday night brought Nikhil to the Deccan Gymkhana police station, where he recorded his statement in front of deputy commissioner of police (zone-I) Makarand Ranade.Lavange said that as per Nikhil's statement, on Friday he took a private bus from Latur and arrived at Swargate around 6 pm on Saturday. \"He then tried to get a rickshaw to go to Firodia hostel in Deccan Gymkhana. However, the rickshaw drivers were demanding extra money, so he crossed Jedhe Chowk to get a rickshaw from a restaurant on the other side,\" Lavange said.According to Nikhil's statement, he got into a rickshaw, which already had one passenger in it. \"Nikhil had a bag and a sack with him. The sack had Rs 60,000, which he had brought to pay his college fees. On the way to the hostel, Nikhil opened the sack and checked the cash,\" Lavange said.Lavange said that as they neared the hostel, Nikhil asked the rickshaw to stop on the main road. As he was paying the fare, his co-passenger took out a knife and threatened to kill him if he raised an alarm. \"He then held a handkerchief to Nikhil's nose and Nikhil fell unconscious,\" Lavange said.Nikhil told the police that he did not remember anything after that. \"When he regained consciousness, he found himself in a car. The rickshaw driver was driving the car. His accomplice and two other people were sitting near Nikhil. The suspects drove the car to the old bridge in Vashi and threw him in the creek,\" Lavange said.He said that Nikhil managed to hold on to a pillar of the bridge. However, the pillar was slippery, so he swam towards the railway bridge and caught hold of its pillar. \"Meanwhile, two fishermen noticed him and rescued him. When he told the fisherman about the incident, one of them went to the Vashi police and reported it,\" Lavange added.Lavange said that the Vashi police registered the case and transferred it to the Pune police for further investigation. The police have booked four suspects under sections 328 (causing hurt by means of poison ), 363, 364 (kidnapping) and 392 (robbery) of the Indian Penal Code.On Monday, Nikhil was taken to the crime scene at Vashi to enable investigators to understand how the crime had taken place. He was also interrogated by the crime branch. \"If robbery was the only motive, why would the suspects take Nikhil to Vashi and throw him in the creek?\" said a senior crime branch official. \"If the suspects wanted to kill him, why did they wait for 12 hours, till 7 in the evening,\" he added.The official said that Nikhil told the police that he had stopped the rickshaw on the main road instead of taking it to the premises of the hostel. \"When we asked him why he had done this, he was unable to give a satisfactory answer,\" the official said. \"We are working on these missing links in the narration recorded by the victim.\"Senior police inspector Joshi said that the bridge from where Nikhil had been thrown was an old bridge and had hardly any traffic. He said that the police had also tried to check the CCTV footage at Swargate. \"We were told that the CCTVs had been shut down for the last one month,\" he said.\"We have questioned several rickshaw drivers and are preparing sketches of the suspects as per Nikhil's description. We will send his blood samples for chemical analysis, to check which sedative was used to make him unconscious,\" Joshi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14789087", "title": "Met dept predicts heavy rain in Thiruvananthapuram", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Incessant heavy rains lashed the city on Monday evening leaving the low lying areas inundated. Traffic jams and power failure were reported from different parts of the city.The meteorological observations on surface and upper air through 14 observatories and about 70 rain gauge stations all over the state forecast heavy rainfall exceeding 7 cm in isolated places across the state till Tuesday morning, said India Meteorological Department (IMD) officials here.The department has also warned the fishermen from venturing into the sea, as strong winds from north westerly direction with a speed of about 55 km per hour is likely to occur along and off the Kerala coast and Lakshadweep area, during the next 24 hours from 2pm on Monday.\"Initially, there was a short lull, then on July 2, the monsoon gained momentum and all the rain gauge stations in the state recorded 100% rainfall. With favourable winds along Bay of Bengal and upper air cyclonic circulation off the coast of Odisha, the monsoon is expected to strengthen further and intense rainfall can be expected this week,\" said IMD Kerala director K Santhosh.\"The 30% deficient rainfall in Kerala in the first month after the South West Monsoon hit Kerala on June 5, will be made up this month with heavy showers,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14789334", "title": "Soon, rules to counter women trafficking using visit visas", "text": "KOCHI: The Union ministries of overseas Indian affairs, external affairs and home affairs will have a joint session in two weeks to finalize the rules to regulate trafficking of domestic servants under the garb of visit visas.The minister for overseas Indian affairs Vayalar Ravi told reporters here on Monday that the initiative had been launched in the backdrop of reports that certain recruitment agencies were sending women domestic servants to the Middle Eastern countries under visit visas. \"At one point we wanted to ban sending women under visit visas, due to such cheating incidents. Then some ministry officials opposed the move, saying it would have implications of gender discrimination. Now we want to tighten the visa norms for women travelling alone under this visa,\" the minister said.The agencies are using this route after the Indian government imposed several restrictions on sending women domestic servants abroad under regular visa. The sponsors now have to remit about $2,500, as security deposit when they recruit women domestic servants from India. Also, only women above 30 can be taken abroad under this category and they must be given a personal mobile number.\"When we started implementing these restrictions the agencies began resorting to the practice of sending women under visit visas or tourist visas. The government will bring in tougher rules to curb such unscrupulous acts. We would like to verify that the tourist visa has been sponsored by a close relative or other reliable person,\" he said.According to Ravi, a broad committee of different stakeholders will soon be formed in consultation with the state government for the smooth conduct of the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas conference scheduled to be held in Kochi in January next yearUnion Ministries of Overseas Indian Affairs, External Affairs and Home Affairs will have a joint session in two weeks to finalise rules to regulate trafficking of domestic servants under the garb of visit visas.The Minister for Overseas Indian Affairs Vayalar Ravi told reporters here on Monday that the initiative had been launched in the backdrop of the reports that certain recruitment agencies were sending women domestic servants to the Middle Eastern countries under visit visa.At one point we wanted to altogether ban sending women under visit visa alone, because of such cheating incidents. Then some Ministry officials opposed the move, saying it would have gender discrimination implications. Now we want to tighten the visa norms for women travelling alone under visit visa. ,'' the Minister said.He said the agencies are using this route after the Indian government imposed several restrictions on sending women domestic servants abroad under regular visa. The sponsors now have to remit about $2500, as security deposit when they recruit women domestic servants from India. Also, the only women above 30 can be taken abroad under this category and they must be given a personal mobile number.When we started implementing these restrictions the agencies are resorting to this practice of sending women under visit visa or tourist visa. The government will bring in tough rules to curb such unscrupulous acts. We would like verify that the tourist visa has been sponsored by a close relative or other reliable person, '' he said.Ravi said a broad committee of different stakeholders will be formed soon in consultation with the state government for the smooth conduct of the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas conference scheduled to be held in Kochi in January next year", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14789412", "title": "CM nominee to head Goa RTE advisory council", "text": "PANAJI: The Right to Education (RTE) rules require that the state education minister head the state advisory council, the body that will help in effective implementation of RTE provisions.In Goa, chief minister Manohar Parrikar , who is also the state education minister, is set to opt out of the task and hand over the reins to educationists.The chief minister is set to nominate Louis Vernal as head of the advisory council.The chief minister had in June announced that Vernal, the former principal of Ponda's GVM college and dean of the faculty of education at Goa University, would advice the government on the issue on medium of instruction for primary education in Goa.Once Goa notifies state rules for the central government Right of Child to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009, the state advisory council, teh 15 members of which, have already been handpicked by the chief minister, will also be notified.Parrikar has already asked the members to work on recommendations to improve the quality of primary education in Goa. The report will be submitted for consideration of the government 15 days after the state advisory council is notified.RTE requires that a 15-member state advisory council be formed 'from amongst persons having knowledge and practical experience in the field of elementary education and child development'.\"The functions of the advisory council shall be to advise the state government on implementation of the provisions of the act in an effective manner,\" states the act.The advisory council in Goa will compulsorily include four members from the weaker sections -- SC, ST, OBC and minority communities.Members of the advisory council will hold office for a term of two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14789186", "title": "12k workers unpaid under NREGS", "text": "NASHIK: The employment guarantee scheme (EGS) pioneered by Maharashtra to provide guaranteed employment mainly to rural folk does not appear to guarantee payment for those working under the scheme in Nashik district.Nearly 12,000 labourers working on the Mahatma Gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme (MNREGS) in the district have had to go without guaranteed employment for more than 30 days. While zilla parishad (ZP) officials claim the collectorate has failed to release funds to the tune of nearly Rs 14 crore, the administration blames the incorrect procedure of raising demands.Since mid-April, most labourers working on MNREGS projects have failed to receive funds from the administration.\"The overall outstanding amount with the collectorate is Rs 14 crore and includes daily wages, money spent on hiring equipment by below poverty line ( BPL ) families, scheduled caste and tribes and others. While it is mandatory to release payments within 15 days of the execution of the work, it has been 45 days that the payments have not been cleared for want of funds,\" a block development officer (BDO) said on condition of anonymity.Employees who have undertaken work like digging of wells and gram panchayats that have undertaken work related to plugging of loopholes in the check dams, village lakes and ponds are demanding payment. \"We have to face them. We asked them to wait for another couple of days till things are sorted out. This affected the turnout of employees for work carried out in villages,\" the BDO of a tribal tehsil said.The sarpanch of a village in Kalwan tehsil, the home town of ZP president Jayashree Pawar, pointed out that the sum of Rs 5 lakh spent on repairs and maintenance of check dams was pending since May.Another BDO pointed out that the problem has affected the work of assessing work done in the various gram panchayats. \"As of now, since payments are yet to be released, the measurement books and musters are kept in custody, which makes it difficult for the officials to go to the field and get the exact details of the work being carried out,\" the official said.Deputy collector for the EGS, D A Kardak, said the amount demanded by BDOs is unrealistic and that the administration wanted clear papers stating the work to be undertaken and the estimates of employment as well as the utilization certificates of the work already carried out.\"The demand that BDOs have raised is unrealistic. They have just presented one-liner requests for estimated funds for work to be carried out. We have asked for work estimates and also utilization certificates in specific formats so as to be clear about demands and payments Funds are no problem as we have Rs 5 crores in our kitty today and funds can be arranged. In next two days we think the issues will be resolved at the earliest,\" Kardak said,", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14788851", "title": "Teacher abusing position: Student", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Class XI student of a government school has written to a lawyer-activist, alleging that she has to massage her English teacher's hands and feet.\"Woh bacchon se sar mein malish karwati hai tatha hath-per dubwati hai (She makes us massage her head and press her hands and feet),\" Pinki (name changed) of Rajkiya Sarvodaya Kanya Vidyalaya, Patparganj, wrote in a postcard she sent to Ashok Agarwal of Social Jurist.\"Unka bolne ka tarika achcha nahin hai (She is not polite),\" Pinki wrote. She added that she finds it especially trying as she is the class monitor.The teacher goes out of class, leaving Pinki to supervise the class and even teach her fellow students, the postcard said. Pinki also alleged that the teacher instructs the students to tell the principal that she has gone out to buy stationery for projects, if asked.She wrote at the end of her message, \"Sir, mera naam school mein mat batana (Sir, do not reveal my name to the school).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14788543", "title": "CBI to file FIR in thalassemic children case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The CBI will soon lodge an FIR in connection with the case where 23 thalassemic children in Junagadh contracted HIV through blood transfusion.Gujarat high court had first asked IPS officer Sobha Bhutada to probe the case. However, the court expressed displeasure over Bhutada's investigations and transferred the probe to CBI in June.After taking charge of the probe, CBI first sought all documents concerning the case. CBI sources said: \"We have got the documents and are now perusing them. We shall consult our seniors in Delhi. Later this week we hope to file a complaint with CBI's Anti Corruption Bureau unit in Gandhinagar.\"It is likely that the probe shall be handed over to the CBI's ACB unit in Gandhinagar. \"The reason for this move is that several CBI teams are now probing three fake encounters by Gujarat police - Sohrabuddin Sheikh, Tulsiram Prajapati and Ishrat Jahan. Since these teams are busy with the three probes, Gandhinagar CBI is likely to be asked to take over this probe,\" said a CBI official.In September, 2011, 23 children, all suffering from thalassemia, were found to be HIV positive, after they had received blood transfusions at civil hospital, Junagadh. Thalassemia patients need regular blood transfusions.Parents of the victims and their lawyers approached the HC and filed a PIL demanding a thorough probe.Transferring the probe to the CBI, the bench of acting Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattachayra and Justice J B Pardiwala criticized Bhutada's probe and highlighted her inaction.The judges were shocked at Bhutada's recording the statement of local BJP MLA Mahendra Mashroo on the letterhead of a private blood bank, Sarvodaya Blood Bank, which faces charges of being criminally negligent in blood transfusions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14787694", "title": "Railways seeks security to lay lines in Naxal-hit areas", "text": "NEW DELHI: Facing serious threat from Maoists in the construction of a railway track in the mineral rich zone of Chhattisgarh, the railway ministry has written to the home ministry seeking immediate deployment of paramilitary force at Dalli Rajhara-Rowghat area in the state where 95 km of rail line is to be laid to cater to the nearby industrial belt comprising Bhilai steel plant and other industries.Amid constant disturbances to the project from the ultras, Railway Board chairman Vinay Mittal on July 5 wrote to home secretary R K Singh seeking security for construction of the railway line whose contract was finalized almost three years ago.Mittal wrote, \"Owing to the security problems and non-availability of land free of any encumbrances, the execution agency of the first contract is already threatening to abandon the contract. Continuation of this trend is also likely to impact the second contract.\"Out of the total 95 km to be linked by rail, contract for earth work, bridges and other structures have been awarded in two parts. Though the first contract was finalized in November 2009, the threat from Maoists has virtually put construction work on hold.The first major obstruction came in March last year when earth moving equipment and machinery was set ablaze at Keoti by the Naxalites.The Centre has, meanwhile, decided to deploy 3,000 paramilitary personnel (mainly from the BSF) to guard nearby mining projects and the rail construction site. The BSF personnel will provide security to transport ore slurry through the Naxal-hit area to Bhilai steel plant, which may have to stop production in three to four years if new source of iron ore is not found.State-owned SAIL had sought five battalions (5,000 men) of paramilitary forces to guard the Rowghat iron ore mines spread over 2,030 hectares in Kanker and Narayanpur districts, but the home ministry has decided to provide three battalions initially on a priority basis.The steel company had received environment and forest clearances way back in 2009 for developing the prolific mines, located in the Bastar region of the state, but could not make much progress because of Maoist activities.The security problem is so acute that Australian consultancy firm Hatch Associates, appointed by SAIL to prepare a detailed project exploration report, could not move ahead. The development of the mines would also require felling of around 1.5 lakh trees.Mittal, in his letter to the home secretary, said tree cutting would only be possible once security cover was provided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14790082", "title": "Bar council chief refutes allegations", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after some members of Bar Council of Punjab and Haryana had accused the chairman of financial irregularities and inappropriate expenditure of funds; the chairman refuted all the allegations.Council chairman Lekh Raj Sharma, on Monday, called a press conference and said, \"All our financial matters are on record and any of the elected members of the council can access them anytime. Besides, people other than members can also check these by taking the RTI route. Here everything is done in a transparent manner but some members are making false allegations as we have refused to give them any undue favour,\" Sharma told TOI.Sharma said, \"Around 10 functions, including legal training programmes, computerization of library and various seminars, were held and around Rs 13 lakh were spent on these. There is no scope of any anomaly and we have all the bills intact with us. There are some tainted advocates and members who want us to favour them, but we cannot do this.\" Sharma has also formed a three-member committee, headed by a senior lawyer P S Hundal, to probe all financial matters since 2000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "14793051", "title": "Power generation from Palatana soon", "text": "AGARTALA: The ONGC-Tripura Power Corporation (OTPC) is all set to begin commercial generation of power from gas-based combined cycle 726.6 MW Palatana power plant in south Tripura, OTPC officials said on Monday.As per an agreement, ONGC started gas-charging the plant through a 20-inch diameter Palatana trunk pipeline on Monday from Gabardi area, on the outskirts of Agartala, covering a 53 km distance. ONGC executive director and Tripura asset manager K Satyanarayana formally opened the gas supply for Palatana plant to feed the natural gas extracted from Tripura. The hydrocarbon supply is to reach Palatana in the next 38 years.OTPC officials pointed out Palatana is one of the most prestigious ventures in the northeast with an investment to the tune of Rs 9000 crore, the highest ever in the state of Tripura.With the gas-charging of the equipment, OTPC officials indicated that the commercial production from Palatana would start by next September. Earlier, it was scheduled to start commercial generation from the middle of December. Two units of Palatana plant would require 60 cubic metres of natural gas and ONGC is exploring gas in Baramura foothills and bordering locations of Sonamura.OTPC has blamed lack of skilled manpower, geographical isolation coupled with repeated troubles of the regional weather for delays in commissioning the project, including hiccups of revenue tax, interests and investment.The plant would cater to the need of power deficit areas of the northeast. Assam, Mizoram, Meghalaya and Manipur have already agreed to buy power from Palatana while Bangladesh is pursuing to procure at least 100 MW. The Tripura government has expressed interest to sell power to the neighbouring country, but the Centre is yet to give the go ahead in this regard.\"The Over-Dimensional Cargo (ODC) loads have come through Bangladesh waterways, which was not thought of in the project formulation phase, but now everything is in order and production would begin soon,\" officials added.Besides the 196 MW power to be allocated for Tripura from Palatana, Assam will get 240 MW, Meghalaya 79 MW, Manipur 42 MW, Nagaland 27 MW, Mizoram 22 MW and the remaining 96 MW of power will be sold in the open market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14791316", "title": "Meeting to review civic budget on Friday", "text": "PUNE: A review meeting to check the status of schemes and projects promised in the civic budget will take place at the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Friday, mayor Vaishali Bankar said at a news conference on Monday.\"The all-party committee meeting on Monday decided to convene this special meeting. Corporators, officials, and stakeholders in the civic budget have been invited for the review meeting,\" Bankar said.Bankar said that a number of schemes have been planned in the budget. There was also an attempt to prepare a gender budget. The civic body has launched a year-long cleanliness drive, which will also be reviewed during the meeting, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14792985", "title": "TOI painting contest awards given away", "text": "GUWAHATI: The prize distribution for painting contest titled \"Paint Your Planet\", organized by The Times of India in collaboration with Gauhati Municipal Corporation (GMC), was held at hotel Gateway Grandeur near Christian Basti on Monday. The contest was held at Srimanta Sankardev Kalakshetra on June 17.The winners were from five groups divided between the age group 4 and 18 years.The prizes were given away by special guests like writer Pankaj Thakur, actor Nayan Nilim, singer Tulika Hazarika, director (operations) Hotel Gateway Grandeur and Sudeshna Bhattacharya from Topcem Cement.The children were seen waiting enthusiastically for their names being announced. There were three winners from each category and three \"special appreciation\" prizes for the contestants.In Category 1 (age group 4 to 6 years) Rajnandini Kalita won the first prize, Swapnirka Anand got the second prize and Rahul Barman got the third prize. The special appreciation prize was given to Shivangi Priya Kashyap of Maria Public School, Anusmita Kashyap of St Mary's School and Ankita Bhattacharya of South Point school.In category 2, the theme was, \"Save Nature\" , and the winners were Namrita Devi from Godwin's school, Trinayani Barman and Angana Bhagwati. The special appreciation prize went to Dhurv Deka, Nilparna Barman and Rocky Ahmed Saikia.Winners of Category 3 are are Pratyusha Talukdar, Emon Gogoi and Uttaran Gogoi. The special appreciation award went to Priyam Adhikari, Suman Patra and Angelina Gogoi. For category 4 and 5, the theme was \"Put Environment First For Development to Last\" where students were seen putting their effort to give the message of not destroying the environment in the name of development, as development cannot happen unless Nature is safe.The winners of Category 4 were Trishanka N Kashyap, Chiranjiv Bora and Nishan Kalita. Special appreciation award was given to Reza Khan, Trishna Devi and Joyshree Kalita. In Category 5, Bhavna Kumari won the first prize, Ananya Goswami second and Nivedita Kalita got the third prize. The special appreciation award was given to Darshan Sarma, Achintamay Mazumdar and Prasurjya Talukdar.A special award was given to GEMS NPS International School for maintaining discipline all throughout the contest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14789384", "title": "Panel to advise on use of new hospitals", "text": "PANAJI: The government has decided to constitute a committee to advise it on how to use or manage the new government hospitals, which were constructed during the previous government's tenure.Speaking to mediapersons, health minister Laxmikant Parsekar said it would be foolish to start the hospitals in close proximity of each other, for which infrastructure is created by the previous government.\"We can appoint a time bond committee, which can submit the report in three months,\" Parsekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14791960", "title": "Morning walkers forcibly enter regional park, IMC lodges case", "text": "INDORE: Around 300 morning walkers on Monday allegedly entered the regional park forcibly and offered prayers at the Shiv temple situated inside the park even as the police and he guards deployed there tried to stop them. The enraged people scaled the gate and after offering the prayer, did their morning walk and routine yoga in the park.However, the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) stipulated its stand on the Rs 150 registration fee and lodged an offence against those who tried to enter the park using force.Perhaps, this was for the first time that the morning walkers barged into the park being denied entry without paying a registration fee of Rs 150 per month per person for utilizing the park for morning walk and yoga practice.Pramod Tondon and Jitu Patwari, two Congress leaders, were present at the regional park.\"It was the first Monday of 'Saawan Somwar' and we wanted to offer prayers at temple, which is inside the regional park. We jumped the gate, offered prayers and also continued with our routine morning walk\" said Jai Hardiya, a local resident, adding, \"They (IMC) cannot keep us away from our morning walk. We hope that the IMC will look into our protest seriously.\"\"We did not want to violate the rules, but it has been nine days since the IMC turned its deaf ears to the protest. We agree that maintenance is required for the park, but Rs 150 is a huge amount for our right to morning walks\" said Sanjay Arora, another resident.However, the civic body did not take the act of the morning walkers lightly and lodged a case against the people who tried to enter the park defying the IMC order. It stood by its decision to charge the morning walkers for utilizing the park.\"We have lodged an FIR against the people, who tried to enter the regional park on Monday. This kind of behavior will not be tolerated and we cannot allow any of the citizens to take the law into their hands. Getting inside the regional park forcibly is disregarding on their part and we are in no mood to withdraw the registration charge levied on the morning walkers at the regional park,\" said Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe.The protestors had reportedly agreed to pay Rs 30 per month as usage fee for morning walk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14792224", "title": "Global stage for Anand\u2019s baby farm", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Surrogacy capital Anand will rock theatres in Europe. A docu-drama on surrogates of Anand will be staged in Sweden . It will be later performed across Norway and Denmark. Surrogacy is forbidden in all three Scandinavian countries.'Made In India: Notes from a baby farm', a collaboration between Denmark's social theatre group Global Stories, Odense Theatre (Denmark) and Riksteatern (Sweden), will open on October 12 in Sodra Teatern, Stockholm . The docu-drama will be premiered in Denmark in autumn 2013.\"This is not a traditional play with steady characters as in fiction but a contemporary European style of performative documentary theatre. Three female performers on stage tell the stories of both infertile clients and surrogate mothers,\" says Mette D Christiansen, production and communications assistant of Global Stories, run by stage director Ditte Maria Bjerg.\"The performance will not place itself in the current political debate on surrogacy, but will contribute to the debate. Such an international issue needs a global dialogue,\" says Christiansen, who finds India a \"welcoming country\".The team visited Dr Naina Patel's fertility clinic in Anand twice, in November 2011 and March 2012. The director zeroed in on the subject after reading articles of sociologist Amrita Pande, who has documented Patel's clinic in Anand.Christiansen says commercial surrogacy is banned by many European countries. \"Some allow altruistic surrogacy like Belgium and UK. Surrogacy is not currently legal in Sweden. There is a political debate taking place. This might lead to a change of policy,\" says Christiansen, adding, \"Our aim is not just to spread awareness, but to start a debate at many levels \u2014 'rights of women', 'rights of the child' and 'who is a mother', among others subjects. This is not a straight forward topic but complex, and therefore all the stories need to be told and the people involved represented.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14791352", "title": "Demolition drive against vacant illegal buildings, says Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation", "text": "PUNE: In answer to a debate at the general body (GB) at the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation on the issue of unauthorised constructions and dumping of debris in the Pavana riverbed, municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi said that the corporation, at present, is not taking action on illegal constructions that were put up before March 31 this year. Demolition action is being taken only on buildings which are not occupied by people, he said.The issue of unauthorised constructions was debated for over two hours at the GB meeting presided by mayor Mohini Lande. Cutting across party lines, corporators spoke about the alleged neglect of the civic administration in curbing unauthorised constructions and dumping of debris in the Pavana riverbed.Explaining the reason behind the ongoing anti-encroachment drive against illegal constructions in the city, Pardeshi said, \"The High Court had directed on February 8, 2011 to take action against illegal constructions within six months. However, the GB approved a resolution to request the state government to regularise the unauthorised constructions, on the basis of regularisation of constructions done in Ulhasnagar city. The administration had also requested for a further six month-extension from the High Court. The municipal commissioner, too, in May 2011, had requested the state government to consider the GB resolution calling for regularisation of illegal constructions.\"Meanwhile, Pardeshi said that a meeting was conducted by the chief minister on the issue of unauthorised constructions. Three main decisions were taken at the meeting. \"There was a demand that the unauthorised constructions be regularised under the Gunthewari Act. A decision was taken to find out if it can be done so by deciding a new cut off date. The second decision was to check whether 2.5 FSI can be allowed for the constructions in the city without changing the Development Control (DC) rules of the PCMC.The corporation was directed to decide the amount of fine to be imposed for regularising the illegal constructions'' Pardeshi also said that the civic body needs machinery to demolish unauthorised constructions which are four storied and above. tnn\"We have obtained information from Pune and other civic bodies about the appointment of designated officers who will be held responsible for the illegal constructions coming up in the cities. We appointed such officers after studying them. We have given the responsibility to the zonal officers, junior engineers, deputy engineers and others.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14789587", "title": "A phase of my life ends today: Pranab", "text": "KOLKATA: It is sheer irony that even as Pranab Mukherjee chose to steer clear of \"politics\" as a presidential nominee, it was politics which dominated his meetings with Left and Congress legislators on Monday at the state secretariat.From being ushered in the House by CPM politburo member Surjya Kanta Mishra to being seen-off by his own party colleagues, Mukherjee, in his own admission, completed a \"cycle in politics\" this afternoon. It was also in July, 43 years ago, he \"entered politics\" as a Rajya Sabha member from Bengal at the same Nauser Ali Hall, where on Monday he urged legislators to support him as the first President of India from the state.From a rather quiet meeting with the Left MLAs, which included CPM, Forward Bloc, DSP and a lone Samajwadi Party member, to an emotional - and at times vociferous - meeting with his own party men, Mukherjee's session with its political reverberations will take sometime to subside.Abdur Rezzak Mollah was a notable CPM absentee. A fact which Trinamool Congress quickly put across to \"prove\" a divided Left on the Prez poll issue. Asked if there was the possibility of cross voting and rifts within the Trinamool Congress, panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee said that the CPM should have similar worries instead, and pointed out that Mollah had not only praised Mamata Banerjee and her government recently, but stayed away from the meeting on Monday. Mollah was unavailable for comment.Mishra, also the assembly opposition leader, however, said: \"Despite the RSP and the CPI having taken a different stand on the issue, the unity of the Left, particularly Left Front, will not be affected in anyway. The Left and the democratic movement do not depend in anyway on the issue of support to UPA's presidential candidate.\"On reports that Left's support to Mukherjee was aimed to cash in on the Trinamool and Congress tussle, Mishra said: \"Such a difference has been brewing for a long time and we knew that any rainbow alliance will not be permanent. However, the CPM will not depend on what will happen to them. We depend on our own strength, plans and programmes.\" Earlier, Mishra told Mukherjee, \"We have already declared our support for you. We feel honoured that you'd come to meet us.\" Mukherjee reciprocated by not only extending his gratitude, but handing each legislator a personal appeal. He wrote, \"The President stands above party politics. Given an opportunity, it shall be my endeavour to protect the values of this office. If my election has any meaning, it is only as part of our common service to our motherland. It is in this spirit that I seek your invaluable support in this election.\"Congress MPs Adhir Chowdhury and Deepa Dasmunshi chose the platform to take potshots at the TMC. Adhir said that TMC wanted to \"take Congress for granted\", adding that Congress is not the flag-bearer of any political party. \"People of Bengal will never forgive Trinamool Congress for not supporting the candidature of Pranab Mukherjee and hurling abuses against him,\" he said. Asserting that Pranab Mukherjee's election as President \"is a foregone conclusion\", Chowdhury said this had not been \"palatable to Mamata Banerjee who has taken refuge in Facebook.\"Deepa lashed out at TMC for \"spreading canards\" against Sonia Gandhi and Pranab Mukherjee and demanded immediate severance of all ties with the party. \"We have been observing with concern that the day Pranabda's name was announced as a presidential candidate, a systematic campaign was launched to malign Soniaji and Pranabda. I have urged the high command to take a decision to save us from humiliation and allow us to fight Trinamool Congress from a political platform,\" she said.It, however, is Manas Bhunia's statement that, \"Who has said Pranabda has not anything for Bengal?\" that already spurred a strong Trinamool reaction. Subrata reacted, \"Some Congress members of the cabinet are speaking against the government. From what I understand, Pranab Mukherjee was finance minister for a long time and he had some moral responsibilities. Without the Centre's approval, a state cannot take loans,\" he said.Mukherjee, however, tried to steer clear of this. \"As I speak, I am in a peculiar and different situation. I can't speak on government or party policies, which I'd been articulating till the other day. So, please don't ask me any hard questions. I have started my political career nearly half-a-century ago from West Bengal, so one part of that phase ends today. Maybe I have been rude at times to you, but I can only say that I have taken more from you all and returned back,\" he told reporters later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14791477", "title": "4 chain snatchers booked under MCOCA", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police have slapped charges under the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) on four men allegedly involved in a series of chain-snatching crimes in the city.Assistant commissioner of police (Deccan div) Kalyankumar Lavange told TOI that this was for the first time in the state that the police have invoked MCOCA against chain snatchers. \"We took the decision after investigations revealed that the four accused - Sunil Gawli (24) of Dhankawadi, Angad Gawli (23) of Kothrud, Rohidas Gupte (27) of Dhayari and Arun Pawar (25) of Swargate - were members of an organised crime syndicate.\"The Kothrud police had arrested Sunil Gawli, Angad Gawli and Gupte in January this year for their involvement in 12 chain-snatching cases. \"Nine of these cases had been reported from Kothrud, two from Dhankawadi and one from Warje-Malwadi,\" Lavange said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14788797", "title": "Time to pull out your umbrellas", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Fairly widespread rains are likely to occur in parts of north as well as central and south Gujarat on Tuesday. Weather officials said that rains are expected on Monday night and Tuesday morning which will then gradually decline.\"There is a low pressure over the north west Madhya Pradesh which will give fairly widespread rains in Gujarat, mainly north, central and south Gujarat. Rains in these regions will largely be moderate, while heavy rains are also expected at isolated places,\" said Manorama Mohanty, meteorologist of Indian Meteorology Department (IMD), Gujarat. He said that the rains will be scattered in Kutch and Saurashtra.Monsoon has been deficient in the state so far, especially in north and central Gujarat as well as Kutch. Saurashtra has received comparatively decent rainfall. Gujarat on the whole has received only 9.3% rains. So far, the state has received only one third of the rains which generally occur during this time of the year.As per the revenue control, less rains have been received till now compared to the last year. IMD data has also classified Gujarat as a state which has received only scanty rainfall. Gujarat till July 9 last year received 82.5 mm rains. However, till the same date this year, the state has received only 73.64 mm rains.\"There have been no strong systems to give rains to the state. There has hardly been any low pressure or active systems to give good rains. One is hopeful that good rains will come to the state in next week,\" said Mohanty.On Monday, Umarpada received the highest of 41 mm rainfall, followed by Vyara which got 39 mm rains. Kaprada received 34 mm rains, while Songadh got 29 mm of rainfall. All these places are in south Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14791679", "title": "High court tells DGP to maintain law &amp; order in UP", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Monday asked the Uttar Pradesh director general of police (DGP), to take steps to maintain law and order in the state.The court further asked the DGP that in cases of kidnapping and disappearance, monitoring has to be done by higher ups.This order was passed by Justice Ravindra Singh, while hearing a bail application of one Shyam Lal, who was an accused of kidnapping of a girl in Mirzapur district.The DGP was present in the court in pursuance of an earlier order of the high court.The DGP assured the court that the girl would be rescued very soon, on which the court asked him to do so within a month. It is to recall that a girl, Geeta, went missing on January 26, 2010, when she had gone to school to participate in Republic Day celebrations.HC issues contempt notice to chief secyAllahabad: The Allahabad High Court has issued contempt notice to Uttar Pradesh chief secretary Javed Usmani for not taking action against 91identified unqualified and unregistered medical practitioners (quacks) in Agra district.This order was passed by Justice Sunil Ambwani on a contempt petition filed by Shabi Haider Jafri of Agra district.Passing the order, the court directed the chief secretary and other respondents to file their personal affidavits as to why action has not been taken against 91 such medical practitioners (quacks).The affidavits have to be filed by them by August 24, 2012.The court has further directed to lodge FIRs against all the 91 identified quacks and close all such clinics after giving them 15 days time in newspapers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14791033", "title": "Parents ready to pay teachers to reopen school", "text": "MANGALORE: In their struggle to reopen the closed Government Primary School at Malar in Bantwal taluk, parents of the seven students of the school have now approached the zilla panchayat.They, under the leadership of Malar gram panchayat member Rama Malar, have submitted a memorandum to the ZP CEO KN Vijayaprakash requesting him to take steps to reopen the school which was shut down by the department of public instruction citing lack of students.Rama told TOI that officials in the department had promised to reopen the school on July 5 on the occasion of Shalegagi Navu Neevu programme. \"Though the programme was celebrated with pomp in all schools, officials neglected the only school in Malar. The parents are ready to send their children back to the school,\" he added.The villagers also said that given a chance they were ready to appoint teachers in the school. \"There are a few BEd holders in the village and they are ready to serve the school. Prameela, a villager who is a BEd graduate, has agreed to teach the children. We are ready to pay their salaries and will pool money for the purpose,\" the GP member said.The School Development and Monitoring Committee had filed a complaint with the Karnataka State Commission for Protection of Child Rights seeking an investigation to find out the reasons which led to the closure of the school.The committee also sought departmental action against the teacher, cluster resource person and block education officer for violating rules and also for not taking initiatives to protect the school.According to the rules a government school is mandatory for every kilometer in villages. However, children of Malar village are forced to walk two kilometers to catch a bus to reach the nearest schools located about five kilometers away in Mudipu or Salethoor.CEO KN Vijayaprakash said that he was aware of the issue and had directed the officials to do the needful. \"We will take initiatives to reopen the school, if parents are ready to send their children there,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14790883", "title": "Youth held for misbehaving with couple", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after the arrest of two bouncers for thrashing the manager of a Sector 26 eatery-cum-discotheque, an inebriated youth was arrested for misbehaving with a young couple at a disco and thrashing a guard when he tried to stop him in Sector 8 on Sunday night.The incident took place around 2am at Score. The arrested youth has been identified as Kavin Shashank of Kharar. Kavin entered the disc in the company of two-three girls but they disappeared after the incident.Disco officials haven't disclosed the identity of the couple but have lodged a complaint against Kavin on behalf of Mulak Raj, the security guard at the disco. Raj has received injuries on his face. Kavin entered into a heated argument with the couple and thrashed Raj when he tried to intervene.Inspector Neeraj Sarna, SHO of the Sector 3 police station, said considering past incidents of commotion at Score, police presence has already been increased outside it.Kavin Shashank's medical examination established the presence of alcohol in his body. He was produced in the district courts in Sector 17 and was released on regular bail on Monday. Police sources said Vijay Kumar, Kavin's father, is a wrestler who resides in Amritsar, while Kavin lives with his mother in Kharar.Gulab Singh, 36, the manager at Kava, an eatery which also has a disc was thrashed by two youths Satwinder and Karm Singh when they raised objection on no free entry to the disc on Saturday night. Both were arrested and have been released on regular bail.A verbal altercation and scuffle between two groups was reported outside a discotheque in Sector 26 on Sunday night.Past IncidentsApr 5, 2012 | Tipsy youths thrash a cop at the night food-street Apr 18, 2012 | A Ludhiana couple is robbed and thrashed near Tao July 7, 2012 | Manager of Kava, Gulab Singh, thrashed inside the eatery Aug 7, 2011 | A girl who is a resident of resident of Sector 19 alleged being molested by two youths near a Sector 8 discotheque Sept 17, 2011 | A ruckus was created by a police inspector in Score, Sector 8 Sept 23, 2011 | A bloody brawl broke out behind Tao Oct 8, 2011 | Unidentified people threatened a guard at gun-point outside Voodoo July 5, 2011 | Four girls returning from a disc molested by youths near Sector 17 July 17, 2011 | A fight broke out between bouncers and two youths near Arizona, a disc in Sector 9", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14796604", "title": "Priyanka Chopra to sing for Zanjeer remake", "text": "While she anxiously awaits the release of her debut international music album, which is very much in the making, Priyanka Chopra has also found takers for her singing talent back home. It is learnt the actress will sing an entire Hindi number in Apoorva Lakhia's remake of the 1973 blockbuster Zanjeer.A source close to the film said, \"Apoorva, who has quite an ear for music, is completely charmed by Priyanka's singing. But he is in no hurry to record with her. Since he starts shooting with her only in October, he can wait for her to finish her international album and then record his song with her.\"The song the actress will lend her voice to is yet to be firmed in. There was talk of re-recording one of the tracks from the original Zanjeer in Priyanka's voice. However, the suggestion was quickly shot down as Priyanka wanted to sing something original.\"She wants her first film song to be as special as her first international album. The song in the new Zanjeer will be something tailored specially for her voice,\" said the source.Ever since news leaked out about Priyanka's singing abilities, she has been flooded with offers to sing for Hindi films. But she is under contract not to let her voice be heard in any public medium or on any public platform until the release of her international album. Hence, she has decided to sing very selectively for films. We wonder how the makers of neo Zanjeer convinced her to croon.Singing Divas Rekha - Saare niyam tod do in Khubsoorat Sridevi - Rang bhare baadal se in Chandni Madhuri Dixit - Kaahe chede mohe in Devdas Juhi Chawla - Chalo jaane do in Bhootnath Kareena Kapoor - Rasiya in Kurbaan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14787823", "title": "Hectic lobbying on for council nominations", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as hectic lobbying for the 11 legislative council seats has begun, the BJP and the Congress are yet to zero in on their nominees. The BJP parliamentary board is meeting in Mumbai on Tuesday to discuss the names but the Congress decision is likely to come in only by Thursday after the state leaders' scheduled meeting with central leadership in New Delhi. Saturday (July 14) is the last date for filing of nominations.Of the 11 council seats falling vacant on July 27, four are from the Congress quota. The four outgoing Congress members are MPCC president Manikrao Thakre, senior leader and Vilasrao Deshmukh confidant Ulhas Pawar, Narayan Rane's close associate Rajan Teli and trade unionist from Nagpur SQ Zama. Voters for this biennial election are MLAs and voting is scheduled on July 25.Thakre, Pawar and Teli are almost certain to be renominated. For the fourth seat there is fierce contest on cards. Zama himself is keen on another term and has already met the MPCC president as well as the chief minister and other prominent party leaders for their support. But two other members from minority community - ex-ministers Anees Ahmed and Muzaffar Hussain - are also eyeing the seat. A section in the party feels that the fact that both of them lost assembly elections in 2010 may go against them. Moreover, Ahmed was made AICC secretary and has been given charge of organizational work in Himachal Pradesh where state elections are due and so he may not be disturbed. City Congress unit president Jaiprakash Gupta is also among the contenders.The NCP has a quota of three seats and the outgoing members are Arun Gujrathi, Usha Darade and the late Preetam Shegaonkar (of the RPI). The two BJP members whose terms are ending are Keshav Mankar of Bhandara and Marthwada's Pasha Patel. Shiv Sena's Purshottam Uparkar and PWP's Jayant Patil's term is also ending that day.With the NCP-RPI (Athawale) now thing of past, the Sharad Pawar-led party is free to nominate a fresh candidate in place of Shegaonkar.Meanwhile, talking to TOI, state BJP president Sudhir Mugantiwar denied that state assembly opposition leader Eknath Khadse's son Nikhil's name had been cleared for one of the seats. \"As far as I know, Khadase's son is not even a claimant. There are some 40 aspirants for the two seats and we will shortlist them at parliamentary board meeting on Tuesday,\" Mugantiwar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14787284", "title": "SC seeks govt\u2019s take on anti-AIDS drug", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday sought the health ministry's response in four weeks to an NGO's plea for discontinuation of anti-AIDS drug 'Stavudine' by the end of this year.A bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices A K Patnaik and J S Khehar asked health ministry officials to hold discussions with the NGO 'Sankalp Rehabilitation Trust' on this issue.The NGO claimed that numerous scientific studies and investigations by World Health Organization (WHO) had revealed that long term and cumulative toxicities associated with Stavudine had a negative impact on the health of people living with HIV or AIDS.\"It causes disfiguring lipodysrophy, fatal lactic acidosis, painful and disabling peripheral neuropathy and pancreatitis. Apart from the medical and clinical impact of Stavudine, the stigma associated with highly visible and disfiguring lipoatrophy (fat wasting from face, arms and legs) and 'buffalo hump' has a significant psychological impact on people living with HIV or AIDS,\" the NGO said through counsel Anand Grover.The NGO also suggested the type of drugs to be used in place of Stavudine. It asked the court to direct the government to issue a notification \"stipulating that for children, Abacavair and Zidovudine-based regimens are preferred first line options\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14789190", "title": "Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association elections on July 29", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) has slotted its biennial elections to elect its president and executive committee on July 29. Accordingly, the procedure for elections to the executive committee of the NIMA has been started.The term of sitting NIMA president Dhananjay Bele and 35 other office-bearers and members of the executive committee is ending on July 31. Accordingly, the industrial association has announced its election programme.Senior NIMA member D G Joshi has been appointed as the chief returning officer to carry out the procedure of the biennial elections, to be held for the period from August 2012 to July 2014. Other senior NIMA members Jayant Khairnar, Shahabuddin and V K Bhutani have been appointed as the election committee members.The elections are to be held for the posts of seven office-bearers, a 26-member executive committee and two tehsil representatives. The distribution of application forms will begin from July 12. The final electoral rolls will be published on July 13. The last date for acceptance of the nomination forms will be July 18, while the list of valid nominations after scrutiny will be announced on July 20. The last date for withdrawal of nominations will be July 23, while the final list of the candidates in the fray will be announced on July 24.Voting will be conducted on July 29 from 9am to 5pm. The counting of votes will begin at 8am on July 30 and the names of the winners will be announced at the annual general meeting of the organization scheduled on July 31. The NIMA is an apex body of industrialists across the district and has around 2,500 members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14786169", "title": "US breaks ranks, moots global carbon tax system", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what could make the trade battle over EU's carbon tax on aviation more complicated for India, the US has suggested that countries adopt a global carbon tax system under the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) and adopt a worldwide cap-and-trade regime.It had earlier decided along with the BASIC group \u2014 China, Brazil, South Africa and India \u2014 Russia and 20 other countries to oppose the EU move with counter-measures.The US has asked for a meeting of 16 countries on the issue in Washington at the end of July where India too is invited.The US has softened its opposition to the EU tax directive, stepping away from countries like India and China on the issue. It has suggested that countries move along the lines of the ICAO resolution which pushes for a global annual average fuel efficiency improvement of 2% until 2020 and an aspirational global fuel efficiency improvement rate of 2% per annum from 2021 to 2050.The ICAO also recommended a collective medium-term global aspirational goal of keeping the global net carbon emissions from international aviation from 2020 at the same level. This is to be achieved by setting up a worldwide trading mechanism in emissions from the aviation sector.But the ICAO does not adhere to the principles of apportioning responsibilities between developed and developing world as the UN climate convention does.A global carbon tax regime on aviation would mean escalation of flying costs across the world and not just for travelers to the EU.EU had taken the unilateral step of taxing aircraft flying into or via their airspace based on greenhouse gas emissions from airplanes, breaking away from negotiations within the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change. The tax is expected to add up to more than $1.5 billion starting 2013 and rise steadily. When it faced a barrage of criticism from other countries, it countered by suggesting that it would be as happy with countries deciding a global regime under the ICAO instead.Developing countries have been averse to let the discussion on emissions from the aviation sector be taken out of the UN climate negotiations, where the balance of power sits better in their favour and the principles of deciding who should reduce emissions and by how much are already agreed upon.ICAO is perceived by many as less 'balanced' in the decision-making process. They also see the EU tax as a trade measure to push the sales of its newer airplanes by setting constantly improving global emission benchmarks for the sector.US too had opposed the EU carbon tax regime initially but stopped short of creating a domestic legal framework to ban its carriers from adhering to the EU directive on carbon taxes. Indian experts believe there are various domestic political and industry pressures at work in the US preventing it from taking on the EU with more than threats.The US move is bound to stir up another round of negotiations between the BASIC countries as well as other key economies that have their growing aviation sector at stake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "14788343", "title": "Authority seals revised master plan for Greater Noida", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: With the Greater Noida Master Plan 2021 now just a step away from being cleared, the Greater Noida Authority has consolidated its efforts to sort out the Noida Extension chaos completely. In the 92nd Board meeting of Greater Noida Authority on Monday, the revised Master Plan 2021 was approved. It will now be sent to the UP government which will, in turn, forward it to the NCR Planning Board for final approval.According to the Greater Noida Authority CEO, Rama Raman, the planning board's approval, which is a pre-condition for all development work in Noida Extension area to resume, is likely to come by the end of this month.The Authority has allocated a budget of Rs 4,800 crore for the financial year 2012-13, of which around 52% has been reserved for land acquisition-related issues. The remaining Rs 2,000 crore has been kept aside for development projects, including those in Noida Extension area that have remained stalled since October 2011.\"Development work in Greater Noida has suffered due to the land row. Our emphasis now is on sorting out the matter and resuming all stalled work. The NCR Planning Board had given us five suggestions pertaining mainly to provision of civic and infrastructure facilities and enhancing green areas. We have incorporated all the suggestions in the Master Plan and hope to get the planning board's final approval by the end of this month,\" Raman said.Offering great relief to all allottees in Noida Extension area, the Authority has also decided to waive off interest on their due instalments between October 2011 and July 2012. \"We have decided to designate this time period as 'zero period' whereby allottees will not be charged any interest on their instalments. This time period will also be excluded from the scheduled construction period of all allottees,\" Raman said.The regularization of abadi land in 15 villages of Greater Noida was also approved in the board meeting.The Authority also discussed a host of other development projects, including the ambitious Night Safari and the much-delayed 22km-long and 130m-wide link road between Greater Noida and Ghaziabad. Both the projects were approved in the Authority board meeting and it has been decided to appoint a private consultant for studying the viability of developing the Night Safari project on a Public-Private Partnership basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14787562", "title": "Ready to talk to Mamata: Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "KOLKATA: UPA presidential nominee Pranab Mukherjee said on Monday that he was ready to talk to Mamata Banerjee as and when she was ready, giving clear indications that the repeated Congress overtures to the Trinamool Congress hasn't had the desired result.When asked whether he would speak to Mamata, Pranab said, \"I am ready to talk to her as and when she is ready to talk to me.\"On Monday morning, Pranab met CPM, Forward Bloc, SP legislators and Congress MLAs who've already supported his candidature in the Bengal Assembly, while Trinamool Congress legislators stayed away from the meeting. The Trinamool instead kept up its pitch against Pranab indicating that the standoff between the UPA allies on the issue continued.\"Some people (read Pranab Mukherjee) have a better comfort level with the CPM. But we are not bothered about not receiving an invitation letter, nor are we greedy about receiving a call,\" said panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee. \"It is a matter of taste and conscience. There are no ego clashes,\" Mukherjee said.\"Our announced candidate was APJ Abdul Kalam . Our leader Mamata Banerjee will tell us whom to vote for and none of us know about it yet,\" Pranab added.The Trinamool leader said there was no agreement between the two UPA allies to vote for Pranab. He said the Congress ministers in the Bengal cabinet were making statements against the Mamata government.Trinamool leaders blamed Pranab for denying the three-year moratorium on Bengal's piled up debt. \"From what I understand, Pranab Mukherjee was finance minister for a long time and he had moral responsibilities. Without the Centre's approval, a state cannot take loans. We are seeking moratorium not any special package,\" Mukherjee said.State comemrce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee said: \"Individual gain is not what we are looking at. Bengal and its interests are our priority.\"After meeting Left legislators, Pranab said, \"Since my candidature was announced, I have expressed my desire to have the support of the UPA partner, the Trinamool Congress. I understand that they have not yet taken a decision. They will take their decision at an appropriate time.\"Pranab made it clear that his visit was to express gratitude to those who've supported him. \"In the UPA, barring one, all parties have supported me. I've been supported by some NDA parties, too. Some regional parties have extended their support. My intention is to visit all states and express my gratitude to those who've supported me,\" he said.Opposition leader in the Bengal assembly Surjya Kanta Mishra told Pranab, \"We have already extended our support to you and would have done that even if you hadn't come here. But by comming here, you've honored us.\"Pranab was emotional meeting the Congress legislators. \"It was in this very hall in July 4, 1969, I started my political career. Today, 43 years later, I am speaking to you as the presidential candidate,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14789772", "title": "Haj pilgrims data tempered, probe ordered", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh state Haj Committee on Monday lodged an FIR with Hazratganj police station claiming that the data entry records of people shortlisted for haj and those in the waiting-list have either been tampered with or hacked. Also, the names of 170 applicants have been replaced in the short-listed and the waiting lists. The FIR was lodged on the complaint of haj officer Tanveer Ahmed Siddiqui, district police chief IG Ashutosh Pandey said.Terming the issue as serious and against the tenets of shariat, state haj minister Azam Khan said strict action will be taken against those found guilty and assured that no person, who wrongly got his name included, will be allowed to go for haj pilgrimage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14790735", "title": "Supermarket gutted in fire", "text": "CHENNAI: A supermarket in Kavery Nagar, Thoraipakkam was gutted in a fire that broke out early on Monday. Firefighters battled for more than two and half hours to put out the blaze that is suspected to have been triggered by a short circuit. No casualties were reported, but traffic in the area was severely disrupted.Fire and rescue services officials said they received a call at 5.35am. \"It took us over two and a half hours to control the fire but the entire shop was gutted,\" said an officer. The challenge was in accessing the store. There was only one entrance and the smoke kept billowing out. The shop, officials said, did not adhere to fire safety norms. It didn't have licences from the fire services department. \"We couldn't even go in. Thankfully, the fire did not spread,\" he said.At least 10 water tankers were used to extinguish fire. Officials used their six units and borrowed four more from Metrowater. The exact damage yet to be ascertained but the losses could run into several lakhs of rupees, they said. Vehicles heading towards Sholinganallur were diverted via SRP Tools on OMR 200 feet road. School students and office-goers were stuck on the road for nearly 45 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14788808", "title": "Goa cops give chase, arrest 5 Delhi youths in Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: It was a chase that had all the trappings of a Bollywood flick with even a police car overturning. At the end, five youth from Delhi were held for their alleged involvement in several house-breaking cases.It started on Sunday with the burglaries of four flats at St Inez and Caranzalem. Police said the burglaries took place from morning till late night. Based on complaints by victims, a police team swung into action. An intelligence input guided them to an orange-coloured car near a building at St Inez where one of the burglaries was committed.Panaji SDPO, DySP Umesh Gaonkar told mediapersons that a police team headed by PI Rajendra Prabhudesai laid a trap in Taleigao with 20 other policemen in plain clothes. \"Around 2.45pm on Monday, Prabhudesai and his team spotted the car in Taleigao and alerted the staff on duty,\" Goankar said.Prabhudesai, in a private car, followed the car and attempted to intercept it near Madhuban building at St Inez. The youth, including a woman, sped up towards the cops on ground, waiting to intercept them. \"The police team escaped with minor injuries but they didn't give up chase,\" Gaonkar said.The cops then chased the youth from St Inez to Caranzalem, Miramar and Dona Paula; but at Dona Paula, the PI's car skidded off the road and turned turtle. Prabhudesai somehow managed to get out and coordinate with others in the team. Cops then blocked the road at Dona Paula circle to trap the fugitives. \"Finally, near Raj Bhavan, the car was stopped; the youth abandoned their vehicle and ran into the jungle at Aivao. Cops ran after them and arrested them,\" Gaonkar said.The arrested were identified as Sanjukumar Sheetal (25), Rameshkumar (42), Tarun Singh (26), Ramesh Ram (31), and Geeta Sharma (21) \u2014 all residents of Delhi. Cops seized gold and other stolen property worth Rs 10 lakh from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14788890", "title": "Police plan to pin Palande &amp; Shinde with Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act", "text": "MUMBAI: Police will invoke the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) against Vijay Palande, accused in the Karankumar Kakkar and Arunkumar Tikku murders, and his accomplice Dhananjay Shinde, for their role in a third murder. Police have booked them in the Kakkar and Tikku murders and is investigating the identity of the third victim.Police submitted a chargesheet for the murder of Delhi-businessman Tikku on Friday and is likely to file the chargesheet in Kakkar's murder case on Tuesday. Both Tikku and Kakkar were killed for their properties and valuables.Police had also recovered the skull of an unknown person at Kumbharli ghat with Palande's help. \"The crime branch will take their custody in the case soon and will apply MCOCA to the case,\" said a source. Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy, said, \"We will examine its possibility\".Police will invoke MCOCA after the second chargesheet is filed. To book an accused under MCOCA, there should be at least two chargesheets related to body offence and monetary gain against the accused in the last 10 years. Both Palande and Shinde have criminal backgrounds and had committed murders for property and money earlier, but those offences were committed more than a decade and hence could not have been grounds for applying MCOCA.Palande had killed Anup Das and his father Swaraj Ranjan Das in 1998. He was convicted in Swaraj Ranjan's murder but acquitted in the Anup Das case. Palande had challenged his conviction before the Bombay High Court. In 2003, he was released on parole and but jumped it and created a new identity. He was re-arrested in 2006 in a fake passport case and sent back to jail. In 2008, his appeal came up for hearing in the HC, which granted him bail on the grounds that he had already spent nine years in jail. However, police had then failed to inform court that he had jumped parole and was not in jail from 2003-06.Jagdish Shejwal alias Dhananjay Shinde, who lived with his father and brother in Borivli, in contact with Palande while working at Copper Chimney restaurant in Andheri in 1998. He met him in jail again where he was sent for killing one Harish Mahale in Borivli, stabbing him 27 times under the influence of alcohol. When Shinde was released on parole in 2010, he contacted Palande who arranged for a fake passport with a new identity and sent him to Bangkok to work with gangster Santosh Shetty.Times ViewThe charge sheet, which mentions suspended cop Sanjay Shinde's role in the crime, indicates the criminalisation of a section of the police force. But also guilty are those officers who did not take the Kakkar family's initial complaints seriously. Cops should remember that their primary duty is to help citizens in distress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14785757", "title": "Infra story: Education", "text": "The academic quality in Nagpur is very poor. Class timings in colleges are not fixed and teaching is not up to the mark. Moreover, students study for exams and not for self improvement.Dr Swapnil Nagmote | VeterinarianStudents passing out from city colleges are mostly not job ready - including me. Syllabus and teaching standards are not comparable to other universities; exam pattern is flawed. More weightage is given to quantity over quality.Akhilesh Mundhada | CA studentThe quality of education in Nagpur is relatively good, and the city is slowly becoming an education hub, after Pune. Fresh graduates may not be able to excel in the corporate world, but it is only because of their individual levels and maturity.Amar Shah | RestaurateurThe level of students is not the same as in metro cities, however, it is not that bad either. The problem is lack of exposure, as Nagpur is a small town. Colleges should conduct soft skills workshops for students to have a better chance of getting placements.Vinod Jagyasi | BusinessmanThe academic quality of students depends upon the personal potential of each student. NU provides a good base for students to succeed in their lives provided they have set a goal and work towards them.Priyanka Singh | MBA graduate", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14792955", "title": "Bangalore dosa is the toast of India", "text": "BANGALORE: South India's humble masala dosa has now attained global fame. In its various avatars and whether thick or thin, the underlying quality of a well-made masala dosa lies in its crispness.Which dosa is best depends purely on the connoisseur. As author of the Times Food &amp; Nightlife Guide Suresh Hinduja says: \"For me, the old Bangalore dosa is thick and crisp, the type available at homely Janatha hotels, not the large and thin dosa. Now, only a few hotels make it this way -- Vidyarthi Bhavan, MTR and CTR, renamed Shri Sagar, not in any particular order.\"This 'must-try before you die' dish - which the website Huffington Post lists among its 10 top global foods - is a local staple breakfast.Marketing professional Sindhu Prabhu loves her dosas thin and crisp. \"I live in Dubai where I have masala dosa every Friday morning. I often travel to Bangalore on work and love to gorge on masala dosas at Udupi Krishna Vihar in BTM Layout - they are crisp and thin, smeared with delicious red chutney on the inside. The aloo palya is uncorrupted, with just onion and seasoning of dal. And the chutney is lip-smacking,\" she says.Student Shivam Arora digs the dosas at Adiga's on MG Road. \"I moved to Bangalore from Delhi last year for my studies and fell in love with the masala dosas here. I particularly love the sambhar that goes with it. Visiting Adiga's is a weekly ritual, or I start yearning for masala dosas,\" he says.EXPATS AND NRIs DIG IT TOOBangalore's dosas have also caught the attention of expats who stop here for a bite. Canadian national Brian Birch, a pilot, operates out of Cochin, and while in Bangalore recently, tasted the masala dosa. \"Although I wouldn't have it regularly, I'd say its one of the 10 foods one must taste,\" he says.Expat Pollyana Patel, who lives in the city, has dosas once a month. \"It's not part of my regular diet, but I love the sambhar and chutney that go with it. My daughter is a great fan of dosas,\" she says.NRIs with a passion for this delicacy often drive down straight from the airport to Vidyarthi Bhavan for their fill. \"We open at 6.30am and often, by the time we arrive, we find NRIs waiting for their masala dosas,\" says Arun Kumar Adiga, partner, Vidyarthi Bhavan.NRIs are not their only clients - politicians, film stars, diplomats and people from various strata of society stop by for their affordable dosas. \"Under my father Ramakrishna Adiga's guidance, the cooks make over 1,000 dosas every day. On weekends, the count goes up by 75%,\" says Arun.THE MAGIC FORMULADosas are made of rice and urad dal, and the taste varies according to the proportion of these ingredients. Since 1943, when Venkatrama and Parmeshwara Ural started Vidyarthi Bhavan, through to 1970, when my father Ramakrishna Adiga took over, and until now, the proportions have remained the same.Arun Kumar Adiga | partner, vidyarthi bhavanDosas probably morphed from the idli. As KT Achaya writes: \"The first mention of the idli in literature seems to be Iddalige in the Vaddaradhane of Sivakotyacharya, a work in Kannada in the year AD 920.\"Suresh Hinduja | connoisseur", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "14788082", "title": "Cops play 'marriage counsellors'", "text": "AKOLA: Khadan police on Sunday had to play the role of marriage counsellors, literally, while trying to convince a newly-wedded woman to return home with her uncle after she refused to accept her marriage. The drama unfolded in the presence of her husband and lover with whom she wanted to leave.Archaea, a resident of Ashtavinayak Nagar, was married to one Sachin, a resident of Amravati, on June 27. The newly-wedded bride had come to her parent's home for Ashadi Sahin but later refused to go back with her husband.The matter reached Khadan police where both her husband and lover came to take her. Archaea clearly told the groom that she wanted to with her lover, who is an employee of a private hospital. She also claimed that her parents were aware of their relationship.After a lot of convincing, Archana agreed to go with her uncle while the newly-wedded groom and her lover had to leave the police station empty-handed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "narsipatnam", "code": "14792143", "title": "Governor acting like a postman, says Brinda Karat", "text": "NARSIPATNAM: CPM politburo member Brinda Karat took a pot-shot at ESL Narasimhan for acting as a 'postman' instead of discharging his role as governor of the state. She charged the governor with failing to act on several complaints against bauxite mining in Vizag Agency.She said that despite several letters sent to him by anti-bauxite mining activists and Union minister Kishore Chandra Deo to use his extraordinarypowers and cancel the project, the governor was merely forwarding letters to the state government by acting like a postman. \"It is a pity that the governor has acted irresponsibly on a grave issue. He should have used his special powers and cancelled the mining leases granted to private companies,\" she said.She spoke to reporters here on Monday while on her way to Jerrela in GK Veedhi mandal. and said the new Mining Act of the central government would suppress the tribal rights. She later interacted with the bauxite mining-affected villagers at Jerrela which has huge bauxite reserves. Addressing the tribals at a public meeting, the CPM leader said both the central and state governments were mortgaging the tribal rights by bringing in a new Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14790884", "title": "Gujarat's success lies in the Gandhian model: Narendra Modi", "text": "PUNE: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi on Monday credited Gujarat's overall development to the Gandhian model of public participation in development and said that mass movement for development will bring a change in the given situation.Modi was speaking on good governance at an event organised by Rambhau Mhalgi Prabodhini to mark 30 years of Prabodhini at Balgandharva Rangmandir.\"The change in Gujarat happened because every Gujarati feels that he is part of the development process. The freedom struggle existed even before Gandhi. But it was Gandhi who made it a mass movement and made every individual aware of his role in the freedom struggle. He made even simple actions like weaving, sweeping and boycott of foreign clothes relevant to freedom struggle. Similarly Gujarat's success lies in public participation,\" said Modi.He added that the entire country today is going through a negative mode. \"Common people feel that nothing can change. We have to take up this as a challenge and bring change. Politicians have to take revolutionary steps to bring reforms. While taking some bold steps politicians should be ready to face criticism,\" said Modi.He claimed that Gujarat leads in tourism, cotton export, solar energy , education and many other sectors. \"If the intentions are right, people will accept you. In a few months my state will go for polls. I had organised huge vaccination and health camps for cattle. My vote bank does not lie there, but not all things are done for votes,\" he said.\"Cotton growing farmers in Gujarat are exporting cotton to the Chinese market. But here (in Maharashtra) farmers continue to commit suicide. No one is learning from Gujarat,\" said Modi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14789261", "title": "'Safety of kids important in school autos'", "text": "NASHIK: Deputy regional transport officer Jayant Patil once again reiterated that auto drivers not observing norms laid down under the motor vehicle Act would continue to face action at the hands of the traffic police as well as the regional transport office (RTO).Patil was speaking at a programme organized at Simhastha Hall by the students' transport wing of the Shramik Sena.Patil said that many autorickshaw drivers who transport students to schools and back boast that over the past three decades there has not been a single complaint against their kind. He explained that no one can act against the law and his simple technique of gauging safe rickshaws was that no part of the body of a student should be outside the vehicle and neither should his/her school bag or water bottle. He said all students should be seated in the vehicle and no student should be made to sit at the driver's seat or in the space behind the rear seat, where luggage is normally kept.Parents who were present at the programme said that they found rickshaws to be convenient since school buses do not go into the interiors of residential colonies, due to which parents have to take the students right up to the main street where the bus arrives, whereas rickshaws on the other hand provide door-to-door service, which is even cheaper than the fees for school buses.Speaking about this topic, Patil gave technical details about how sending children as per pay by meter was affordable than the lump sum charged by rickshaw drivers. The officer also appealed to rickshaw drivers that the rush of vehicular traffic on city roads was only rising and hence it was the responsibility of rickshaw drivers to ensure the safety of the kids.With a wave of fear among rickshaw drivers in the backdrop of the tirade launched against errant motorists by the RTO and the police, RTO officials appealed to rickshaw drivers to obey the rules and operate without fear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14790490", "title": "That 'popping' anomaly", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It all started with the occurrence of random pop-ups, strange sounds, noises and even music, but Ridhima Moudgil, 23, who is working with a leading MNC here, took it casually and did not bother to scan her system. She did not even have an iota of suspicion that her newly bought laptop was affected with a dangerous 'Trojan horse' that was gradually corrupting all its softwares.In one of the latest, hundreds of computers in the country, which are affected with DNS (domain name system) changer virus, are also facing a threat of losing internet access from Monday.Computer virus, a specific progam or a piece of code that is stealthily uploaded onto your computer without your knowledge and runs against your wishes, is posing an enormous threat to computer's security system. Worst part is that most of the gullible users remain oblivious about the threat till the damage is done.\"I had bought a laptop three months ago. All its security systems and anti-virus software were also updated. And so, I did not bother about the strange sounds coming out of it. I realized the problem when many of the software were corrupted,\" said Ridhima, a resident of Sector 9.Shantanu Banerjee, 29, an MBA graduate and resident of Sector 34, said, \"I had downloaded VLC media player from an unsafe website and it also carried a dangerous malware along with it. Though I detected it at an initial stage, it had by then corrupted my Facebook account and sent many objectionable posts to my friends through my account.\"According to experts, many anti-virus options, some of which also offer free introductory packages and lucrative discounts on advanced level anti-virus purchase, are available in the market but awareness is very dismal in society.\"We have many options available to protect our valuable data and even money from these viruses. Normally, we have options of quick scan and full scan. Quick scan is done whenever we switch on the system and it checks only main areas,\" Manpreet Singh Narang, assistant manager (IT), Net solutions at IT Park, here, said.He added, \"However, full scan of the system is also required at least once in a week. Besides, we should remain cautious if we experience anything unusual with our system.\"Symptoms indicating that system has been infected:Computer starts communicating on its own:There are unusual pop-ups and messages appearing on the desktop, advertising different products and suggesting various methods to protect your computer. Besides, the computer starts making strange noises or sounds.Computer starts running extremely slow:This is one of the major signs that indicates the attack of a virus. Computer starts running various programmes very slow and freezes frequently. It happens because virus starts running its own programme and consumes major part of the computer resources.Security system becomes defunct on its own and stops working. There are some strong viruses that disable security systems and various anti-viruses of the computer. It happens because there are cyber criminals who are manufacturing viruses on a daily basis. We need to add more power to our security system to fight them.Random files appear and windows open without any request:Those files or icons start appearing on the desktop that have not been installed in the system. Besides, different types of windows and websites start opening on their own. It happens because the malware is automatically directing the user to different illegitimate sites. However, user does not realize that he is browsing a dangerous page and is on the verge of losing his valuable personal information and money.Some applications stop initiating:Despite various attempts to run a specific application from the start menu, it does not start. And some other programme starts running. In such a case, the user must switch off the system and restart again.Connecting to the internet becomes difficult:Snapping of internet connection in between work or difficulty in connecting it too points towards attack of malware. In some cases, internet starts running slow than its usual speed.Files or folders start disappearing:There are some 'Trojans' that are specifically designed to either delete or encrypt information or to move folders from one place to another. If you are experiencing this problem, then there is an immediate need for full scan to detect the culprit virus.System starts acting on its own:If your computer is sending messages and e-mails on its own or you get logged in to your e-mail account without your knowledge, then it is a sign of malware attack. Onscreen text becomes distorted. Malwares also affect the onscreen text and graphics and present them in a distorted manner and these become difficult to read or recognize. Some hardware components also become inaccessible and system starts rebooting after every few minutes or in some cases stops booting at all.What is virus and anti-virus?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14789481", "title": "More than 200 seats lying vacant in BA", "text": "LUCKNOW: Counselling for candidates holding rank between 701 and 1,400 for admissions to Bachelor of Arts (BA) will be held today. On Monday, out of 705 seats in the open selected category, 230 were left vacant. The university total has 1,410 seats in BA. The subjects are divided into 11 groups including English, Mathematics, Political Science, Sociology, Public Administration and others.On July 11, open waiting category students of BA will participate in the counselling followed by SC/ST selected candidates on July 12. On July 13, SC/ST waiting category candidates will seek admission, and on July 14, OBC selected category students will participate in the counselling. On July 15, OBC waiting category students will be a part of the counselling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14791043", "title": "Wait for showers in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After Saturday's 1mm rainfall, the city received no showers till Monday, which saw the maximum and minimum temperatures going up by 5 and 5.6 degree celsius, respectively.All those who are eagerly awaiting monsoon showers will have to wait for two more days, as the Chandigarh meteorological center has forecast two days of 'insignificant' rainfall in the city.Chandigarh Met director Surinder Paul said, \"On Tuesday and Wednesday, there will not be significant rainfall, but thereafter the situation will improve.\" The humidity level on Monday dropped from 96% to 83%.The scanty rainfall has left many disappointed. Surbhi Katwal, a resident of Sector 41, said, \"The arrival of monsoon had brought cheer. But its weak course has again left us high and dry.\" Divankar Sharma, a resident of Sector 23, said, \"Monsoon brings respite from the searing heat. But this time, the city has not been receiving adequate raina?\u00a6 \"On Tuesday, the maximum temperature is expected to be around 36 degree C and the minimum 28 degree C if no rainfall is received. The department has, however, forecast partly cloudy sky with possibility of light rain or thundershower in the afternoon or evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "14790208", "title": "Trader rescued, 3 arrested for his kidnapping", "text": "MOHALI: District police have arrested three persons, while another three are still absconding, for allegedly kidnapping a 42-year-old trader, Asif Ali, for a ransom of Rs 35 lakh. The victim was rescued on Sunday night, from near Hotel Mid Way, Kurali.According to sources in police, the arrested accused, identified as Pushpal Singh, Satbir Singh and Gurnam Singh, were produced in district courts, Mohali, and sent to two days police custody. However, the kidnappers had managed to take ransom of Rs 10 lakh out of Rs 35 lakh from the kin of the victim.Ali was kidnapped from his shop in Sector 70 and was held in the custody of kidnappers since July 3. Police sources said district police only came to know about the kidnapping when a relative of victim, Nasir Ali, from Gujrat filed a complaint with the district police on July 8.Additional SHO of PS Mattur, Narinder Singh, said, \"Three accused, Harpreet, Satnam and Gurjeet Singh are still absconding and raids are being conducted to nab them.\" Police sources said preliminary investigation revealed that Asif had taken a loan of Rs 22 lakh from one of the accused last year, but failed to return.Sources added, just when Asif had decided to return the money, accused kidnapped him from his office and started making ransom calls. A case of kidnapping, thrashing and threatening was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14798069", "title": "Salman Khan changes Priyanka\u2019s role in Zanjeer", "text": "Salman is no longer just the spin-doctor on his own projects. Known to be a very active and dominant force behind his own projects Salman has now taken charge of Ramcharan Teja's Bollywood debut.Recently Salman had a meeting at his residence with Ramcharan Teja and the Zanjeer director Apoorva Lakhia where he suggested some radical changes in the Zanjeer remake, including the way Priyanka Chopra's character was to be packaged and portrayed.That Salman has taken Ramcharan Teja under his wings is no longer a secret. But here's something that would serve as an eye-opener as to how much Salman is investing into his new protege from Hyderabad.Last week he invited Ramcharan and Zanjeer director Apoorva Lakhia to a very private dinner at his residence in Bandra to discuss ways to reinvent and contemporaries Zanjeer . Salman whose father Salim Khan co-wrote the original Zanjeer , gave Ramcharan and Lakhia tips that are now being incorporated into the film.Says a source close to the project, \"Salman called Ramcharan and Apu home to discuss Zanjeer . He then began to astutely compare the new and old Zanjeer. The first suggestion that he made was to incorporate songs for Ramcharan's character. In the original Inspector Vijay Khanna as played by Amitabh Bachchan was too serious a man to sing and dance. Salman wants that to change. He said to Ramcharan, 'You're one of the best dancers in Indian cinema. It would be silly to not have you sing and dance.\"More importantly, Salman made many important suggestions about Priyanka Chopra's character including how to bring in a much larger glamour quotient character. Says a source, \"Salman feels Priyanka's character can be a lot more attractive. He has suggested changes in her clothes, styling , songs and choreography. Since Priyanka doesn't start shooting for Zanjeer until October her character is being revamped as per Salman's suggestions.\"Clearly then, Salman has never taken such a keen interest in any young actor's debut. Is it because Zanjeer was co-written by his father?\"Partly that. But it's more because of how protective he feels towards Ramcharan Teja. The young Telugu superstar and his father the iconic Chiranjeevi are very dear to Salman. Salman feels Ramcharan's future in Bollywood is a personal responsibility,\" says a source very close to the neo- Zanjeer .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14791664", "title": "Medical teachers threaten mass leave from Aug 6", "text": "BHOPAL: Medical teachers belonging to six government medical colleges of the state have once again put the state government on notice, demanding implementation of allowance as per UGC scales along with 25% non-practicing allowance (NPA) from January 2006 and time-bound promotions and increments.The teachers body Madhya Pradesh Medical Teachers Association (MPMTA) has threatened to go on mass leave from August 6, if their demands are not met.MPMTA Bhopal chapter president Dr Neelkamal Kapoor told TOI after a general body meeting of the association, \"Our July 30 ultimatum stands. If our demands are not met, we will protest wearing black bands from July 31 and go on leave from August 6.\"Many of the government medical teachers are unhapphy over the fact that medical fraternity in the state is being paid less than teachers in agriculture colleges or degree colleges of the state. There are about 1047 medical teachers in the state while several posts are lying vacant.Another sticking issue is of promotions which are usually delayed. \"It takes more than 20 years for an assistant professor to become a professor and this can be rectified if the government follows MCI norms,\" said Dr Kapoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14786220", "title": "Laila killed as she saw mom\u2019s murder: Parvez Tak", "text": "MUMBAI: \"I killed Saleena after a fight over her relationships with other men. Saleena used to humiliate me by ordering me around to do odd jobs like cooking, driving and washing clothes. While I tolerated the humiliation, I could not stand her relationships with men and, therefore, in the fit of rage, I killed her,\" Parvez Tak, prime accused in starlet Laila Khan and her family's alleged kidnap and murder, told Mumbai police on Monday.The arrested Kashmiri forest contractor's startling statement overturns the police's suspicion that the Khan family was killed over their properties. The family owns two flats in the city, one shop in Oshiwara and a bungalow at Igatpuri in Nashik.A police officer, though, told TOI, \"We are taking Tak's statement with a pinch of salt as he is a cheat who has dodged the police for a while. He had initially confessed to killing the Khan family before the J&K; police but later retracted it.\"Tak told interrogators that he, along with his associates, including one Kashmiri watchman Shakir Hussain, killed Laila and her five family members and buried their bodies behind Laila's Igatpuri bungalow. He allegedly killed all of them as Laila had witnessed her mother's murder.Following this development, the crime branch has fanned out two teams to Igatpuri. The teams are working with Igatpuri police and have taken along sniffer dogs to trace the bodies. Sources said if the police are unable to find them, Tak will be taken to Igatpuri.In another development, the crime branch has picked up three drivers from Goti village in Nashik who are believed to have been hired by Tak to ferry Saleena's Scorpio and Mitubishi Outlander to J&amp;K.; Of the three, two have been identified as Mehboob Shaikh and Johny Girdar. The three have also been brought to Mumbai and were interrogated at the police headquarters.Tak, who was arrested by the J&K; police last month, was brought to the city by Mumbai crime branch on Sunday night. He was produced before the 37th Esplanade Court, which remanded him to police custody till July 19.Last year, Laila and five of her family members, went missing from her Oshiwara home. The Mitsubishi Outlander , registered in the name of Laila's mother, was found by J&K; police in Kishtwar. It was used for ferrying explosives used in Delhi high court blasts of September 2011. The last person to have used the vehicle was Tak, who reportedly has links with LeT militants.Sources said crime branch officials are also questioning Saleena's second husband, Asif Shaikh, who has told the police that he had divorced Laila's mother five years ago and was unaware of the family's whereabouts.It was Saleena's first husband, Nadir Patel, who filed a missing persons complaint with the Oshiwara police saying his daughter, along with her siblings, mother Saleena Patel and stepfather Asif Sheikh, had gone missing after leaving for Kashmir to attend a wedding in February 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14788482", "title": "Railway experts inspect Airport line", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the concessionaire for Delhi Airport Metro Express shut down operations, teams from Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), Reliance Infrastructure and Indian Railways visited the alignment for a joint inspection. While DMRC and R-Infra officials have been carrying on inspections for the last few days, experts from the railways joined them for the first time. Sources said a team from Systra, the company that designed the alignment, was also part of the inspection.\"Sample checks of critical locations, where either DMRC or R-Infra has noticed problems, have been done. Measurements, data collection as well as pictures that are to be kept will be collected over the next few days for the report,\" said an official. The report, to be submitted by July 15, will contain information about the methods to carry out repairs. \"Once the critical locations are inspected, the rest of the alignment will also be examined,\" added the source. Around 300 locations have already been identified for inspection by DMRC and R-Infra.The teams consist of four senior officials from each agency. The Delhi Metro team is headed by the chief project manager (CPM) of the Airport Metro Express line, Ravi Kapoor.Urban development minister Kamal Nath on Monday admitted that the government is inquiring whether the problem is a fault or safety issue. \"In Metro, we are checking some of the issues that have been found... whether they are safety issues; and if they are safety issues, what needs to be done to correct them so that the metro airport line can start,\" Nath said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14789116", "title": "Driver held for death", "text": "NASHIK: The driver of an state transport bus, Ram Gite (49), of Beed has been arrested by the Nashik Road police on charges of being responsible for the death of a 40-year-old person on the Nashik-Pune road.In a complaint lodged by Police head constable S Z Deshmukh against Gite, the bus driver caused the death of a biker Sunil Kisan Nannavare (40), a Sinnar resident, on Saturday at 9.45 pm by knocking down the biker in a head-on collision on the Nashik Pune Road at Shindegaon Tungar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14788132", "title": "Power rostering continues despite decrease in demand", "text": "KANPUR: The city continues to face rostering even when the demand for power has gone down considerably. The maximum temperature went down below 30 degrees on Sunday and the need for switching on coolers and ACs was not there. But rostering has not stopped in the city. The city is witnessing three to four hours of rostering each day.Apart from rostering, faults in transformers and power cables further compounds the situation. Over a dozen cases of faults in transformers have been reported in the past four days. The situation was so pathetic that several localities remained without power for more than 48 hours. These localities included Usmanpur Colony, Shankarcharya Nagar, a few blocks in Govind Nagar and Juhi. In these areas, the transformers went out of order.On Sunday night, from 9.50 pm to 11 pm, there was no power in the city. There was no power for one hour on Saturday night from 11 pm to 12 midnight. During the daytime, there was no power on both Saturday and Sunday. The city witnessed power cut from 11 am to 1 pm on Monday. There was no power on Sunday afternoon for two hours.The Kesco authorities claimed that rostering was done by UPPCL from Lucknow and that they had nothing to do with it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14791718", "title": "Suspension likely for 3 'munna bhais'", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh directorate of medical education (DME) is considering suspension of three of the 28 medical students from Gandhi Medical College (GMC), who have been booked for fraudulently obtaining admissions. DME sources said that the action has been initiated against the three medical students who have been absconding since the 'Munna Bhai's' were exposed.\"These three students, unlike the rest of the accused, have not been appeared before the probe committee nor have they accepted the notices sent to them,\" said a senior official at GMC refusing to reveal the names of the three suspected students.Gandhi Medical College is considered one of the leading medical colleges in Madhya Pradesh. \"We are near certain that the three students were fake,\" he added.\"We would initiate action and suspend them after we receive a formal letter from the college,\" said director medical education, Dr S C Tiwari.Earlier on Wednesday, the GMC dean lodged an FIR with the local police station, against 28 'munna bhai' medical students, who are under suspicion of fraudulently obtaining admissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14791224", "title": "H1N1-positive man critical", "text": "PUNE: A 55-year-old swine flu patient became critically ill and was put on ventilator support at a private hospital here on Monday.\"The man from Ganeshnagar in Phursungi was put on ventilator support at the KEM hospital on Monday. He had tested positive for the H1N1 virus on July 7,\" said medical officer of health S T Pardeshi of the Pune Municipal Corporation.The man developed symptoms from July 2. \"He initially had fever and cough. His condition soon worsened and he started to complain of breathlessness on July 4, when he was admitted to the hospital. He is HIV positive and also has a kidney problem,\" Pardeshi said.His throat swab was sent to the National Institute of Virology and tested positive on July 7. In view of the symptoms and associated illnesses, hHe was put on Tamiflu medicines right from the day of admission to the hospital. \"His condition became critical. He was intubated and put on control mode ventilator at 11 am on Monday,\" said Pardeshi.Since June, the city has reported six swine flu positive cases. \"This is the first patient this monsoon whose condition has become critical. His condition deteriorated so fast because he is immunocompromised and suffers from HIV,\" Pardeshi said.Since April, the city has reported 142 swine flu cases and six deaths. The first casualty this monsoon was reported from Navi Mumbai when a 13-year-old girl died of swine flu infection at a private hospital.In 2010, the World Health Organisation had warned that during the change of season, there will be sporadic seasonal outbreaks, for a couple of years before the virus dies down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "jhansi", "code": "14789195", "title": "Cops lodge FIR against BSP leader", "text": "JHANSI: Police has lodged an FIR against Ramesh Sharma, a senior BSP leader along with nine persons after the intervention of the local court.As per police officials, senior BSP leader and industrialist Ramesh Sharma, his personal secretary Bhawesh Mishra along with nine others including a doctor has been booked under various sections of the IPC after the order of the court on the application of a doctor couple JK Srivastav and Aarti Srivastav who have alleged that they are being continuously harassed, beaten and asked for security money that they have been paying regularly for past many months to Bhavesh in the name of party fund. As per their application, Dr Devendra Sachan having his clinic near the clinic of JK Srivastav in Mubaraq Market in Sipri Bazar entered into a fight with him, which later on aggravated and Devendra Sachan lodged an FIR against the doctor couple on 28/12/2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14787811", "title": "RITES moots second flyover at RTR Marg", "text": "NEW DELHI: A new three-lane flyover built on 'portals' instead of pillars could help end the chaos on Outer Ring Road between IIT Gate and NH-8. The proposal, one of the four included by engineering consultancy RITES in its latest study for a traffic improvement plan, is in agreement with the long-term solution proposed by TOI in a series about improving the RTR flyover last August. The suggestions will be evaluated by the transport planning body UTTIPEC.The new flyover, as proposed by RITES, would be parallel to the RTR flyover. The existing three-lane flyover originally had a single carriageway, and it increased the congestion in the area. It was subsequently divided for two-way traffic. As the construction of another flyover on Outer Ring Road will take away more space, the RITES study suggests setting it on portals instead of pillars, which will allow unrestricted movement of traffic below the flyover without reducing road space.Besides proposing the new single-carriageway flyover, RITES has recommended making Benito Juarez Marg and Rao Tula Ram Marg one-way in opposite directions to reduce congestion on Outer Ring Road. These roads run perpendicular to the flyover on Outer Ring Road. However, if these roads are made one-way so that movement along Ring Road, Outer Ring Road and these two roads becomes clockwise, there will be no right turn from Benito Juarez Marg to Ring Road for going towards RTR Marg. \"Vehicles will have to go up to Dhaula Kuan to take a U-turn and come back towards RTR Marg. If such a solution is adopted, an additional arrangement in the form of an underpass or a right turn will be needed,\" said an official.The third proposal is to make traffic one-way in a counterclockwise direction. But this will increase traffic load on Outer Ring Road because vehicles turning left on Benito Juarez Marg will be forced to cover the distance between Benito Juarez Marg and RTR Marg, adding to the existing load.The fourth proposal is to widen the Outer Ring Road stretch underneath the RTR flyover by utilizing the service lanes. But this requires acquisition of 100 square metres of park land near the Benito Juarez Marg intersection. Residents have opposed this as they do not want to let go of the service lane.Besides these four solutions to the RTR flyover mess, the RITES study also recommends better utilization of Nelson Mandela Marg with three measures: removing traffic bottlenecks on the road's intersection with Outer Ring Road, improving the intersection of Baba Ganganath Marg and Munirka Marg, and constructing a new bypass on the Mehrauli-Mahipalpur road on the way to NH-8. The bypass would be an alternative route between Gurgaon/airport and Delhi.The Rs 59.6-crore RTR flyover \u2014 one of the Commonwealth Games projects \u2014 was planned as a normal two-way flyover, but finally built as a three-lane one-way flyover from the airport to IIT. After bottlenecks were reported on the grade level from IIT to the airport, traffic flow was reversed towards IIT. This caused bottlenecks in front of the Army Research and Referral Hospital, and it was finally decided to make the carriageway two-way, leaving only one-and-a-half lanes available on each side.Times ViewWhat has been evident to many people for some time now has been confirmed by this study. The narrow flyover now in existence in this area is simply not enough to meet the demands of the traffic flowing through it. Construction of the additional flyover, as suggested by the RITES study, should be immediately taken up. Traffic bottlenecks, the authorities must realize, are not just a matter of commuter inconvenience. They are a drain on human resources because time spent crawling along congested stretches could have been better utilized by the same people doing productive work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14791397", "title": "Gloomy diamond hub pins hope on Diwali", "text": "SURAT: For diamond worker Rakesh Bhungalia, things are getting worse with each passing day. A semi-skilled artisan, Rakesh and his fellow workers were asked to find jobs by his employer, who runs a small unit in Katargam. While the skilled diamond cutters are yet to face any job cuts in the industry, it is the semi- skilled workers like Rakesh who are left to fend for themselves.\"I am jobless at present. But, I have talked to a couple of my acquaintances from our village employed in other factories to help me out find a new job. Earlier, I was getting Rs 8,000 per month, now the new employer would keep me a paltry Rs 5,000,\" Rakesh said.The effects of downturn have started showing its signs in the world's biggest diamond cutting and polishing centre in Surat. While many units into manufacturing polished diamonds in Katargam have closed down, leaving the unskilled artisans jobless, other small and medium units have drastically reduced the working hours from 12 hours to eight hours a day on emery wheels \u2014 equipment used for cutting and polishing diamonds. The big units owners have significantly reduced the outsourcing of polished diamonds to small and medium workers and many have stopped buying polished diamonds from local markets as orders from the overseas buyers have reduced drastically. Those running the factories on their own are facing severe liquidity crisis following the weakening of rupee as they have to purchase rough stones at higher rates and polished diamonds are selling at discounted rates in the market.An unskilled jobless diamond worker in Katargam Jaysukh Bhadiadara said, \"My employer is working with a medium unit and he is running a small unit side-by-side with 15 workers. He closed down the unit 10 days ago saying he is not getting the job work. Now, I am looking for a new job or else I will go to my hometown in Saurashtra.\"Interestingly, there is a huge demand for skilled workers in big and medium scale units. The skilled workers are preferred more in order to derive maximum value from rough diamonds, which the unskilled artisans are unable to do.\"The industry has learned a lesson from the 2008 crisis to protect the skilled workers at any cost. Those who are unskilled will face problems of survival in the industry. This is exactly what is happening presently,\" president of Surat Diamond Association (SDA) Dinesh Navadia said.According to Navadia, the fly-by-night-operators processing low quality goods are facing problems as they find good amount of work during the boom period and they closed down when there is recession. However, the unskilled workers have to face the problems.As per the official statistic from Gujarat's industries department, there are about 2,500 registered diamond units in Surat. But, if the industry sources are to be believed, then there are more than 3,500 units, including small and medium units in the city.Over 150 small units operated from tiny space in the residential and commercial complexes, having less than 10 emery wheels, have closed down rendering over 5,000 unskilled workers jobless. There are a total of 4.5 lakh workers in the industry and the number of unskilled labourers is around 20 per cent. However, the industry leaders are confident that things will become normal before Diwali season.\"This is a temporary phase. No doubt the global market conditions are not good, but we are confident that things will improve before Diwali,\" chairman of Shree Ramkrishna Export Govind Dholakia said.Chairman, Venus Jewel, Sevantibhai Shah said, \"The long-term outlook for industry is quite good. As far as workers are concerned, each and every diamond unit owner, forget about the fly-by-night operators, has understood the value of skilled workers after the 2008 crisis.\"Buyers drying up in key marketsSurat is a world leader in processing of cut and polished diamonds as 14 out of 15 diamonds set in jewellery worldwide are cut and polished here. There are weaker sentiments in the diamond market as global demand slowed in June. The decline came as buyers from mainland China and Hong Kong refrained from large-quantity purchases as they expect prices to soften further in the weak economic environment. Far East demand is sluggish as wholesale and retail buyers expect prices to further decline. Indian diamond manufacturers and dealers are under pressure due to high rough prices, the depreciating rupee, high inflation and a declining economy. Liquidity is tight and banks are viewing new proposals with greater caution than before. Estimates suggest that DTC sales fell 19 per cent year on year to about $2.83 billion in the first half of 2012 as prices rose about 5 per cent and the volume of supply dropped. Sightholders - about 50 per cent of the DTC clients are Indian, mainly from Mumbai and Surat - are losing money on their De Beers and ALROSA purchases and are refusing rough diamond boxes.Problems", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14791759", "title": "University Grants Commission wants to shed portal work", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Distancing itself from actual task of running the anti-ragging helpline and the responsibility of maintaining requisite web portal, the University Grants Commission (UGC) wants to be relieved of the day-to-day administration of the work related to the helpline and the web portal. Though the commission is still ready to monitor the helpline and the web portal.This desire has for the first time been formally put on record by the commission in its latest 486th meeting held in New Delhi in the first week of June where in the minutes of the 485th meeting were confirmed.The Commission recorded that even though UGC was willing to monitor the helpline for Anti-Ragging and the Web Portal, it may not be given the primary responsibility of identifying the agency and day-to-day administration of the work related to Anti-Ragging and Web Portal in view of the fact that they do not come under the core functions of the UGC mandate. It suggested that MHRD may approach the Supreme Court with an alternative arrangement to replace UGC for running the anti-ragging helpline and maintenance of web portal.It is to be recalled that the MHRD and UGC's anti-ragging helpline had started as a part of a Supreme Court directive to the government to put in place a tough regulatory mechanism to check the menace of ragging effectively. The helpline (1800-180-5522) operates round-the-clock and functions as a watchdog. Once a student calls and registers a complaint, the process of giving him assistance is to start urgently. The HRD Minister Kapil Sibal launched the anti-raging toll-free helpline on June 21, 2009.Though the UGC may want to be made free of task of running the anti-ragging helpline and the responsibility of maintaining the requisite web portal, the move has not gone down well with many academicians who fear dilution of the effectiveness of the helpline and the portal once UGC merely takes on the job of monitoring them.Senior faculty of Allahabad University's Economics department and the president of the Federation of Central Universities Teachers' Associations (FEDCUTA) Prof G C Tripathi believes that the UGC should continue to handle all affairs of the helpline and the web portal at least for the present as it is only now that their effectiveness and benefits have started to come to fore. \"Later, perhaps an empowered national-level cell could be formed and entrusted with this responsibility,\" he said.Said a senior teacher of AU's Medieval and Modern History department, Prof Yogeshwar Tiwari: \"Unless MHRD and UGC directly manage all affairs of the helpline and the web portal, their importance and effectiveness in fighting the menace of ragging would get affected.\"\"Today, the direct association of this helpline and the portal with UGC and the ministry is an important factor that put the fear in the minds of the would-be perpetrators of ragging as well as keeps institutions on their toes to prevent and respond urgently in times of need. I think the UGC should continue to shoulder the responsibilities entrusted upon it by the Apex court,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14787795", "title": "Judges' society denies favour in plot allotment", "text": "MUMBAI: A judges' housing society in Bandra (E) has \"emphatically\" told the Bombay high court that it took no favours from the government and was allotted the plot like any other housing society according to the policy on allotment of government plots.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More is likely to commence from July 11 a full-fledged hearing of a public interest litigation filed by Nitin Deshpande challenging allotment of land to two housing societies-Siddhant and Nyay Sagar. Deshpande has alleged that reservation for the dishoused was deleted in favour of Nyay Sagar and the reservation for subordinate court building/staff quarters was deleted for Siddhant.Four Bombay high court sitting judges and the chief justice of the Calcutta high court are among Siddhant's members. An affidavit filed by Siddhant society has urged the court to dismiss Deshpande's petition, saying the PIL was filed after much delay and the society members have incurred huge expenses to construct the building.Pointing out that it \"complied with every requirement as to eligibility\", Siddhant's affidavit states that it was allotted a plot in 2007 buthanded over the plot on February 15, 2008. Thereafter a compound wall was immediately constructed.It received construction permission on October 7, 2008, work began in January 2009 and is now complete, the affidavit states. \"The construction was proceeding openly. The petition was filed on March 3, 2011. In the meantime, members of Respondent 4 (Siddhant) spent monies to pay for the land and construction. Even loans have been taken by flat owners to pay for the costs incurred,'' the affidavit states. Asserting that the \"society is a bona fide allottee of a plot of land in accordance with the law\", without any special favour\" being granted to it or its members,Siddhant's affidavit states, \"Res 4 and its members are in a similar position as other cooperative housing societies in the state and Mumbai who have been allotted plots on conditions contained in the government resolution and public policy without any special favour as is alleged or otherwise.\"Denying that the plot is in the prime commercial location of the Bandra-Kurla Complex, the affidavit states that it \"is near the Government Colony with a huge nalla (within 50 metres) into which toxic effluents from industrial waste are released\". It adds that the Bharat Nagar slum is 100 metres away and the nalla is used as a public toilet.The affidavit also points out that there were encroachments on the land when the society was allotted the plot. It mentions that the entire marshy area was submerged during the July 26 deluge in 2005 and the society had to spend a considerable amount to level the uneven land. \"A residential building of ground floor podium, stilt plus six upper floor has been constructed,'' it stated, adding that there is no flat more than 1,076 sq ft as alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14792721", "title": "Two senior citizens murdered in 48 hours", "text": "BANGALORE: The city seems to be increasingly becoming unsafe for senior citizens. In two separate incidents, an 80-year-old housewife and another 65-year-old man were were killed in the city in the last 48 hours.R Ammaiamma was killed by unidentified assailants who barged into her house in Attibele, off Hosur Road, early on Monday morning. The assailants o gain entry slit her throat.Ammaiamma stayed with her mentally-challenged husband, Radappa. The couple's three sons and daughters are married and stay separately.Eldest son R Venkatesh, a farmer, who took care of his parents lives in a house about a km away.\"Venkatesh used to bring milk and breakfast for his aged parents every morning. On Monday, he reached the house around 8am and found the front door open,\" police said.On entering, he saw his mother's body lying in the bedroom, while his father was fast asleep in another room. \"Her valuables, including gold ornaments are missing,\" police said.In another shocking incident, 65-year-old Shambhulinge Gowda alias Mariyappa was allegedly bludgeoned to death by unidentified men in Hulimavu, off Bannerghatta Road on Sunday evening .Gowda, a resident of Basavanapura, was a daily wage labourer.\"He was seen consuming alcohol with some men at a liquor store near Basavanapura on Sunday evening,\" police said. While returning, he is said to have had heated arguments with the men, who hit him on his head with stones and dumped him in a drain on Basavanapura Main Road. Passersby noticed Gowda's body on Monday morning and alerted police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14791933", "title": "Mick Jagger was infatuated with Angelina: Book", "text": "Actress Angelina Jolie , who appeared in the Rolling Stones' 'Anybody Seen My Baby' music video in 1997, was allegedly pursued by rocker Mick Jagger while he was still married to supermodel Jerry Hall . According to a new novel written by Christopher Andersen, Jolie's mother Marcheline Bertrand was eager for the musician to partner up with her daughter despite Jagger only being four years younger than Jolie's thespian father John Voight.Andersen reveals that the Rolling Stones frontman would constantly bombard Jolie with calls begging to see her, reported Daily Mail. The book also states the singer went after Jolie hard and was infatuated by her wild side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14789378", "title": "Man with six bullets caught at CM's janata darbar", "text": "PATNA: Security personnel on Monday caught a man who was trying to sneak into the 'janata darbar' with six .32 bullets. The man, identified as Jitesh Kumar, 34, had come to meet chief minister Nitish Kumar at the 'janata ke darbar mein mukhya mantri' programme.It happened when people who had come to meet the CM were waiting in a queue to enter the hall by showing their registration card. The security personnel were stunned to find six .32 bullets in Jitesh's pocket and called the policemen on duty to detain him.Jitesh, who runs a nursing home in Siwan, had unsuccessfully contested the zila parishad election. Jitesh told the police that he brought the bullets by 'mistake'. He also said his licensed revolver was kept in his car parked nearby. The weapon was immediately seized and Jitesh was taken into custody.\"He has not been arrested but only detained for interrogation because no case of criminal offence is made against him. His revolver is licensed and carrying a licensed weapon is no crime,\" DGP Abhyanand told TOI. He, however, said the Siwan DM has been directed to suspend his license and serve a show-cause notice to him asking why his licence should not be cancelled.Police sources said Jitesh's antecedents were being verified in Siwan and the district police would soon send the detailed feedback about him and his activities.The DGP, who immediately reached the spot and dispatched Jitesh to Sachivalya police station, said, \"Even though it was not a criminal offence, he should not have come with arms to janata darbar.\" However, Abhyanand opined that the man had not come with any ulterior motive.SSP Amrit Raj confirmed that the bullets were of a .32 revolver. \"If you have a licensed weapon you can move with it. But it is not permitted in restricted zone like this place,\" he said while denying that the man had been arrested.The CM had no knowledge of the incident until a slip was passed to him by some top official to inform him about that. Later, when asked about it, Nitish just smiled and said nothing. Principal secretary, home, Amir Subhani and other senior officials who were present at the janata darbar, also refused to comment.This is not the first time that a person came with arms to janata darbar. About four years back, one person was caught with a country-made pistol when the CM was meeting people on the Circular Road. After that incident, the practice of CM's stepping out on the road and meeting people to take their applications was discarded. The security has been tightened since then and everything a visitor carries to janata darbar is checked. Their handbags, belts, mobile phones and pouches of khaini are kept outside before they are allowed to enter the hall.The CM's security is guided by the Bihar Special Security Act, said Abhyanand. The detail of CM's security is defined in the Act, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14789275", "title": "CM on holiday, secretariat abuzz with gossip", "text": "LUCKNOW: On his first vacation after taking over as the chief minister of Uttar Pradesh, Akhilesh Yadav has left the corridors of power abuzz with idle whispers. With no 'official' word on the 'acting' chief minister, the secretariat offices are rife with speculation about who is the more powerful minister out of the two senior-most ones in the state.There is cabinet minister Azam Khan , who is in charge of seven key portfolios and is next in number of departments only to Akhilesh. And then there's Shivpal Yadav, heading the public works department, cooperatives and irrigation portfolios, equally senior in rank as far as party dynamics go. A senior officer in the state government said: \"Azam Khan is, for all practical purposes, the man in charge. He has administrative control in the absence of the chief minister. However, there is no official diktat to this effect, to avoid any friction.''On Monday, though, the outspoken Khan tried to make light of the matter, first by saying he is always in charge, 'even when the prime minister travels abroad', and later, on a serious note, clarified that all ministers were jointly responsible for running the state in the absence of the chief minister.There were indications that Khan was clearly the man in charge. With Akhilesh due to return on Wednesday, Khan did confirm he had reviewed and sought reports for the power crisis scenario in the state. Saying he asked the department of power to submit reports within four hours of faulty and poor-quality transformers installed in the city, Khan also said FIRs would be lodged against erring officials if reports confirmed their involvement in anomalies. Taking stock of the water-logging in the state capital after the first rains, Khan said he had asked the municipal commissioner to look into the matter and ensure that people didn't face any inconvenience in the coming months.Earlier, when posed the question of accountability, Shivpal laid emphasis on `collective responsibility' in the absence of the chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14790848", "title": "Gutka ban gets CM nod, cabinet OK mere formality", "text": "MUMBAI: There is absolutely no going back on the plan to ban gutka and paan masala now. On July 7, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan approved the proposal formulated by the food and drug administration in this regard.The proposal is now set to be introduced before the state cabinet. And with both the Congress and ally National Congress Party ( NCP) publicly endorsing the ban, the cabinet nod is a mere formality.The FDA department had initiated a proposal in this regard on June 14. It was referred back to the department after senior officials felt that there was a need to invoke provisions of the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006, along with provisions under the Prevention of Food Adulteration Act, 1954, to ensure that manufacturers and distributors of these products find it difficult to obtain a stay against implementation of the proposal. Accordingly, the department has now introduced Section 30(2) (a) of the 2006 Act, which empowers the food safety commissioner to prohibit manufacturing, storage, distribution and sale of food articles perceived to be against public interest for a period extending to a year.The original proposal had justified the ban using rule 2.3.4 of the 1954 Act, which stipulates that use of nicotine and tobacco was banned in food products. Another rule 3.1.7 of the same Act, which stipulates that the use of magnesium carbonate in limited proportion was only permitted in some fruit powders and syrups, was used to justify the ban on magnesium carbonate-laced paan masala.The fresh proposal has retained these provisions in the fresh proposal, while introducing the Food Safety provision afresh. In its edition on June 16, TOI had carried a news item providing details about the new provision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "14798339", "title": "Amarnath Yatra: Another batch of pilgrims leave for the cave shrine", "text": "JAMMU: Amid tight security, a fresh batch of 4,855 pilgrims on Tuesday left for the Amarnath cave shrine in South Kashmir Himalayas.The pilgrims comprising 2,641 men, 1,775 women, 141 children and 298 'sadhus' left in a cavalcade of 130 vehicles from Bhagwati Nagar base camp in Jammu at around 0500 hours.With Tuesday's batch, as many as 56,857 pilgrims have left Jammu for their onward journey to the cave shrine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14789088", "title": "Scrap dealers demand alternate land", "text": "NASHIK: Scrap dealers on the Satpur-Ambad Link Road who were directed by the Supreme Court (SC) to remove their shops by July 9 have not done so yet, but said they would be meeting the municipal commissioner and mayor on Tuesday to ask for alternate land to run their trade.The scrap market located near the Chunchale area, along the Satpur-Ambad Link Road, was to be removed on July 9 after dealers appealed for further time to move their shops.The municipal commissioner had also issued a notice to the dealers as a reminder of the SC order. But these traders have not remove theirtheir shops thus far and are instead hoping that they meeting with the commissioner will help them secure and alternate location. , rather they said that they would be meeting the municipal commissioner on July 10, as most of them got the letter on July 9The scrap dealers said that they would be asking for alternative land to the municipal corporation.\"We will be meeting the municipal commissioner and the mayor on Tuesday and will make a demand for substitute land,\" said the chief of the scrap dealers' association, Imtiaz Chaudhary.\"The proposal for substitute land was put up at the general body meeting after we had approached the mantralaya about seven-eights months ago with our grievances. But our appeal was rejected by the municipal corporation then. There are scrap shops even in the city so can one allege that ours is hazardous and unhealthy? Which business does not pollute the environment?\" questioned a former secretary of the association.The source added that they are ready to pay for substitute land allotted to them by the NMC and that like the industrial zone, a scrap market zone could also be set up. The present scrap market measures nearly 200 acres. The scrap dealers say that the issue has also become very politicized with members belonging to various political parties promising to solve their problem during elections only to forget the issue later.Meanwhile, former corporator Dilip Datir who had filed a public interest litigation to remove the scrap dealers has maintained that he would fightover the issue till the end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14787479", "title": "Rs 50,000 crore frigate plan gains speed", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's mammoth over Rs 50,000 crore plan to construct seven advanced stealth frigates, with all weapon and missile systems under the hull for a lower radar \"signature\", is finally gathering some momentum now in tune with the overall strategy to build a futuristic blue-water Navy indigenously.This major plan, codenamed 'Project-17A', will be a strong booster dose for defence shipyards since it will be shared between Mazagon Docks (MDL) at Mumbai and Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers (GRSE) at Kolkata.\"The CNC (contract negotiation committee) is currently underway for P-17A, which has already been approved by the defence ministry. The contract will be awarded after the final nod from the Cabinet Committee on Security. While MDL will build four, GRSE will construct the other three,\" said a source.This comes even as the third and the final stealth frigate INS Sahyadri built by MDL, under the long-delayed 'Project-17' at a cost of Rs 8,101 crore, is now all set to be commissioned on July 21. Defence minister A K Antony will travel to Mumbai to commission the frigate, commanded by Captain S Vatsayan, like he did for the first two \u2014 INS Shivalik and INS Satpura in 2010 and 2011.The seven new frigates will be \"longer, broader, faster and stealthier'' than the three 6,100-tonne Shivalik-class frigates that have a range of 5,000 nautical miles at a cruising speed of 18 knots. \"The new frigates will also have the 290-km BrahMos supersonic cruise missiles, apart from other advanced weapons and sensors, for a greater offensive punch in all the three dimensions (air, surface and underwater),'' said the source.Both MDL and GRSE are undergoing modernisation, with new modular yards and 250-300 tonne goliath cranes, to enable \"integrated modular construction'' of the P-17A frigates in \"compressed shipbuilding time-frames''. \"The shipyards will also tie up with a foreign know-how provider,'' he said.The Navy is increasingly turning \"stealthy'' since surprise and deception are crucial in modern-day warfare. The three Talwar-class stealth frigates (Talwar, Trishul and Tabar) inducted from Russia in 2003-2004 as well as the Shivalik-class warships have already boosted the Navy's combat capabilities due to their \"vastly-reduced'' radar, infra-red, noise, frequency and magnetic \"signatures\" to beat enemy detection systems.The force recently inducted another stealth frigate, the 3,970-tonne INS Teg, with two more (Tarkash and Trikhand) to follow in 2012-2013, under the $1.15 billion contract inked with Russia in 2006.These three frigates and aircraft carrier INS Vikramaditya (Admiral Gorshkov), to be inducted from Russia in early-2013 under a revised refit cost of $2.33 billion are the only warships among the 50 already ordered by Navy that will come from abroad.All the rest are being manufactured in India, with naval designers here also achieving proficiency in designing stealth warships. With the 'Maritime Capability Perspective Plan for 2012-2027' pegging the number of major warships required at about 150, contracts for another 45 warships are in the pipeline to add to the 50 already on order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14789105", "title": "Now, health card for every inmate in child care institutes", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana government has decided to issue individual health card to each inmate of child care institutions (CCI) within a month. The state has come out with the new plan of issuing heath cards to all the inmates in orphanages to ensure they get medical facilities.The decision was taken by the Haryana chief secretary, P K Chaudhery, after presiding over a meeting convened by women and child development department. The new step is in sync with the recommendations of National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR).Chaudhery said that an individual health card would ensure regular health check-ups of the inmates and follow up treatment regarding specialized health services. In each district, the police have already appointed child welfare officers in each police station. Now, in each locality, the names of these child welfare officers along with their mobile number would be sent to the women and child development department.The government has also planned a training to sensitize these child welfare officers regarding problems of children and the law in this regard. The training will start in a month time. In addition to this, the state has also directed the deputy commissioners in all districts to ensure registration and regular inspection of all CCIs under the Juvenile Justice Act, 2000 and the Orphanages and Other Charitable Homes Act, 1960. The deputy commissioners have also been directed to improve facilities in the CCIs with the support of the local community. For this they could involve local industries and charitable organizations in their districts so that the infrastructure and facilities in the CCIs could be substantially improved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14797759", "title": "Rudranil- Parambrata busy with second production", "text": "Ten years of friendship between Rudranil Ghosh and Parambrata Chattopadhyay gave birth to a production company and now, both the actors are busy with their second production, \"Haowa Bodol\".Besides acting in the film, Parambrata is also the man behind camera. Raima and Kabir play Param's wife and son while Rudranil and Neha Panda play pivotal roles in \"HB\". \"The film is what happens when best friends \u2014 Jeet and Raj, coming from different backgrounds, meet after eight years. I play Raj, a struggling musician. Jeet, a successful man, is played by Param. Anindya Bose has penned a marvellous script. Neha is cast opposite me,\" informed Rudranil. \"Though it is a comedy, the story has a moral.\" Rudra said that he and Param have been such good friends over the years that the two hardly have any tiffs. \"On the sets, Param is the captain,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14798221", "title": "Topless activist arrested for stripping off outside restaurant", "text": "LONDON: A topless activist celebrating the 20th anniversary of being able to bare breasts in public was arrested for stripping off - in front of a restaurant in Times Square .Holly Van Voast was arrested and handcuffed outside the mid-town New York branch of the popular 'breastaurant' 'Hooters' and taken away for a three-hour 'mental evaluation'.\"I wanted to have a fun time eating chicken wings and honouring a day that is important to me, it wasn't even anything against Hooters for me,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as telling The Gothamist.\"I just thought that it's funnier than doing a typical demonstration type event outside City Hall or something.\"I guess a lot of people prefer me to be an activist, but so many activists and activist activities don't seem to have a sense of humor, and that's important to reach people,\" she said.The 46-year-old, who sometimes goes by her transgender character Harvey, said that she wanted to mark the 20th anniversary of a court ruling making it legal to go topless in New York State.She thinks that it was passersby, rather than staff at Hooters itself, who called the police to report her behaviour.And of her stay at Roosevelt Hospital, she said that the doctor wasn't aware of the law.\"The doctor had no idea it was legal to be topless in NY. He checked it out, said it was very interesting to hear.\"I was very lucky a photographer was there to document what had happened,\" she said.This was, she said, because \"it's not an uncommon occurrence for me. Most of the times I end up in an ambulance I can reason with people and I can leave\".Van Voast was celebrating the NY State Appeals Court 1992 ruling that exposure of a bare female breast violates the NY state penal code only when it takes place in a commercial context.This means women are free to flaunt their assets anywhere else in the city.In the past, she has gone bare breasted in Grand Central Station, the Statue of Liberty, the Staten Island Ferry, and Manhattan Criminal Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14785985", "title": "Modi baiter fears for life, asks Chidambaram for help", "text": "NEW DELHI: Claiming a fresh threat to his life, BJP leader Sanjay Joshi, a known detractor of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , has written to home minister P Chidambaram seeking enhanced security cover. The government said it was examining the request.But Joshi's plea has given a fresh twist to his row with Modi that saw the RSS man being forced out of the BJP national executive. Despite the BJP brass bowing to Modi's demands, the bad blood has grown with \"pro-Joshi\" posters appearing in Delhi and Ahmedabad.The former BJP general secretary has not only asked that persons making threatening calls be tracked down, but demanded that those behind the callers be identified and brought to book. The letter is bound to be viewed in the context of the factional clash in BJP.As the Gujarat election scheduled later this year draws closer, Joshi's threat claims are sure to provide political fodder in the state where Modi's opponents are accusing the CM of running an authoritarian regime. The letter is being read to suggest Joshi's concern over Modi supporters targeting him.Accusing Modi of being intolerant, Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari said, \"Former CMs like Keshubhai Patel have accused the Modi government of being dictatorial. Sanjay Joshi cannot travel by train in Gujarat. The subversion of rule of law in the state needs to be investigated by those charged with ensuring constitutional provisions are adhered to.\"Joshi has said after being provided with security after his earlier complaints, he feels safer in Delhi but he is now seeking security cover when travelling out of the capital. He said he needs to travel across the country for political work.Asked about Joshi's demand, minister of state for home affairs Jitendra Singh said, \"We have sent the letter to the concerned department. We are examining it.\"The former BJP general secretary claimed he had received threat calls on his mobile phone from three numbers and also through letters. He wrote to Chidambaram on June 14, a week after he was forced out of the BJP national executive, and the letter was circulated on his behalf on Monday.\"Again, some people have started making fresh threatening calls to me on my mobile. I have also received a hand written letter from a person Rasool Khan wherein I have been warned that I should get ready for my death,\" said Joshi, who also marked a copy to the Delhi Police commissioner.Arguing that he needs security while on the move, Joshi wrote, \"I cannot manage my work and responsibility by sitting in Delhi. I want these persons and those behind them to be tracked down.\"He added, \"I pray for increasing my security cover not only in Delhi but also outside Delhi. Kindly do the needful and protect my life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14789633", "title": "Kalam delivers special address on 1st day of meet", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was an event meant to influence impressionable young minds and encourage them towards a possible career in space science. And India's missile man and former president APJ Abdul Kalam was there appropriately to deliver the special address. Exhorting students to dream big, he said that one should develop an aim before he or she reaches 20 and work hard towards achieving it. He was addressing the gathering on the first day of the Space Fest at Bharathiar University in the city on Monday.He said he thought it most appropriate to lay down his World Space Vision 2050 at the space meet. \"With the background and strength of technological progress in space systems in the world, I have been suggesting to the World Space Community to evolve World Space Vision 2050 with three components: large scale societal missions and low cost access to space; comprehensive space security; and space exploration and current application missions,\" Kalam said.Recalling the contributions of scientists such as Madam Curie, Chandrasekar and CV Raman, he said students should find their contributions inspiring. He said students too could with hard work and a curious mind achieve such scales. He described as life's greatest battle the fight against getting typecast.\"The challenge, my young friends, is that you have to fight the hardest battle, which any human being can ever imagine; and never stop fighting until you arrive at your destined place, that is, a unique you!\" Kalam said.Kalam also shared the story of Russian scientist and a pioneer of Konstantin Tsiolkovsky. \"Nearly deaf, he worked as a high school mathematics teacher until retiring in 1920. Tsiolkovsky theorized many aspects of and rocket propulsion. He is considered the father of human space flight and the first man to conceive the , after visiting in and becoming inspired by the newly-constructed ,\" Kalam said.An exhibition was also held on side lines of the event. Various posters were on display explaining the importance of different scientific events related to space. For instance, the Brahmos Aerospace stall had posters that traced the history of missiles from the first instance of a missile used by Tipu Sultan to the present day hypersonic era.At the NASA section, senior scientist from the Goddard Space Flight Centre Joseph Daviala was holding fort. He was seen taking questions from students and answering a little boy's queries on outer space and its intricacies. \"Today is only the first day of the festival. It is so far so good. We have worked hard to make this a success,\" he said, adding that he found the Coimbatore traffic a bit too much to take.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14791517", "title": "200 saplings planted on the University Road", "text": "ALLAHABAD: As part of the ongoing Van Mahotsav, 200 saplings of 'amaltash' and 'kachnar' were planted on the University Road by the forest department on Monday. Divisional commissioner Devesh Chaturvedi was the chief guest on the occasion.Chaturvedi asked the forest department to plant sapling of ornamental and shady plants on both sides of the streets in view of Mahakumbh and said the plantation should be completed on time.Commissioner directed the officials to identify roads where garbage or heap of soil (being dug up during the laying of sewage and drinking water pipe lines) was lying on road sides and this has been affecting the plantation drive in the city. He stressed that schoolchildren must be connected with sapling plantation and awareness programmes are key factors which can encourage citizens to protect environment by planting tress.This year, district authorities have decided to plant more than 12 lakh saplings on over 1,921 hectares. Several government departments have also been roped in to help make the plantation drive a success. As per departments' target allotment of plant saplings, forest department will plant 10.56 lakh saplings while rural development department has to plant 1.17 lakh saplings.Similarly, power department will plant 1,950 saplings. The targets for other departments are industry (14,300), ADA (23,400), irrigation (13,650), PWD (9,100), cooperative (1,300), soil and water resources (5,850), higher education (2,600), Madhyamik Shiksha (1,300) and basic education (1,300).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14791846", "title": "Bill to clip ISI wings tabled in Pak House", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A bill has been submitted in the senate as part of efforts by Pakistan's presidency to tame the spy agency ISI through parliamentary oversight and to make it answerable to parliament and the government.The 19-page draft bill was submitted in the senate or upper house of parliament by Farhatullah Babar , the spokesman for President Asif Ali Zardari , a few days ago and may be taken up during a session beginning Monday.Sources in the ruling Pakistan People's Party told the Dawn newspaper that the important legislation had been discussed with partners in the federal coalition. The proposed Inter-Services Intelligence Agency (Functions, Powers and Regulation) Act of 2012 suggests that the spy agency should be answerable to parliament and the prime minister, the daily reported.It recommends internal accountability within the agency and a better discipline system to end enforced disappearances and victimisation of political parties. This is the first time that a serious effort is being made to streamline the affairs of the ISI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14792286", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation to record info on biological diversity", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) will collect information pertaining to biological diversity - plants, animals, birds and aquatic species - of the city. Apart from collecting information in person from citizens, the corporation will also collect information online.GHMC has come up with the idea of documenting information on biological diversity in the wake of the upcoming conference of the parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity in October. It has also decided to implement the Biological Diversity Act 2002 and the AP Biological Diversity Rules 2009.Under these, a local bio-diversity management committee would be constituted and headed by the mayor as its ex-officio chairman. The committee would function under the guidance of the State Biodiversity Board, National Biodiversity Authority and Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD), according to a press release issued on Monday.As part of the People's Biodiversity Register, the GHMC would document flora and fauna of Greater Hyderabad, any traditional knowledge/beliefs related to plants, animals, birds and aquatic life, any written or published data on plants, animals, birds and fish and traditional knowledge that were found in Hyderabad and extinct now. Apart from this, the names and residential details of traditional dwellers from fishing and hunting communities, cooks, who are above 65 years and having good remembrance of the traditional varieties of plants, animals and birds, would also be documented.GHMC has asked citizens and organisations, especially from the fields of local naturalists, herbalists, agriculturists, non-timber forest produce collectors, traders, fisher-folk and others to send information and photographs to hydbmc@gmail.com along with details of the contributor like address, contact number and profession to the corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "14797703", "title": "Extradited Indian rape accused appears before Australian court", "text": "MELBOURNE: A 25-year-old Indian taxi driver, who is accused of raping a woman passenger two years ago in Australia, on Tuesday appeared briefly before a court here after being extradited from India.Jaswinder Singh Mutta, who was extradited from India in Januray this year following his arrest by Indian police, appeared in the Melbourne magistrates court.Mutta allegedly raped 26-year-old passenger in his taxi late at night in the suburb of North Fitzroy on January 17, 2010.He was charged with two counts of rape and one count of indecent assault, according to The Age newspaper.Magistrate Jelena Popovic explained to Mutta that he had been brought before the court for a filing hearing.Popovic said Mutta and his lawyer would be given access to the police brief of evidence against him by July 31.Mutta was remanded in custody for a committal mention on August 31. He did not apply for bail. a", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-10"}
