{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13981727", "title": "Sachin \u2018pilots\u2019 truce, meets Justice IS Israni; Gujjars firm on protest", "text": "JAIPUR: Gujjars led by Kirori Singh Bainsla spread their protests to more districts on Saturday, even as Union minister and community leader Sachin Pilot met Other Backward Classes (OBC) Commission's chairman Justice IS Israni for a speedy resolution of the quota issue.The protestors' two-day ultimatum to the state government for accepting their quota related demands would end on Sunday evening. The Gujjars want the government to commit to a deadline when it would implement the OBC commission's report (which is yet to be prepared), fulfill each of the commitments made in the 12-point agreement signed on January 5, 2011, and grant 5% quota to students from the special backward classes (SBC) in educational institutes from the academic session beginning in July this year.\"I have requested Justice Israni (retd) to study the quantifiable data on SBC people's social status and submit the report at the earliest, so that the high court's query can be satisfied and the ban on Gujjars' quota can be lifted soon,\" Pilot told reporters after meeting Israni on Saturday.The quantifiable data on SBC people, which includes Gujjar, Rebari, Banjara and Garia-Lohar communities, has been gathered by the state government through a private agency. It would now be submitted to the OBC commission that was constituted this week. Based on the quantifiable data, the commission would submit a report if the SBC communities deserve increased quota in government jobs and educational institutes.\"We have been given no time limit within which to submit the report. The commission members were appointed only yesterday; we will begin our work from Monday (June 11),\" Justice Israni said in response to a media query. After their meeting, Pilot and Israni addressed the media at the latter's residence in C-scheme.The Gujjar Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti's spokesperson Himmat Singh, however, accused the state government of indulging in delaying tactics over the quota issue. \"We do not care when the commission will begin its work; we want the government to tell as a definite time by when the commission's report will be implement,\" Singh told TOI.The protestors, as such, declined the government request to end the community's sit-in going on in Sawai Madhopur district since June 6. On the contrary, another sit-in under the leadership of Himmat Singh started at Bhandarej in Dausa district on Saturday. \"The community's mahapanchayat (mass assembly) has been called at the Dev Narayan temple in Gajipur near Mahuwa on Sunday to discuss the protest's further course,\" said Singh, who is also spokesperson of the Gujjar Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti. Union minister Pilot admitted that the state government delayed in appointing the OBC commission's chairman and members. \"But we are now trying to complete all the judicial procedures as soon as possible. \"Seventy people were killed in the Gujjars' protests for quota 3-4 years ago. No other community has suffered such a big tragedy; now it should get the quota at the earliest,\" Pilot said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "13997719", "title": "IIT campus to come up in Rajiv Gandhi education city in Haryana", "text": "SONIPAT: The Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi ( IIT-D) would have its extended campus in the newly set up Rajiv Gandhi education city at Rai village in Sonipat district.The extension centre project has been cleared by the IIT council was pending for quite sometime. The Haryana government has decided to allot 50 acres land for the IIT campus project on this occasion, informed Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda while addressing a gathering after laying foundation stones of ten other educational institutes at the education city on Sunday.The education city spread over 2000 acres land close to the national capital on NH one would have campuses of various institutes of higher learning. Initially, first set of ten educational institutes started their respective projects.These institutes include Pune's Bharti Vidyapeeth University, Ashoka University, Asian Education Society Skyline Business School, Foundation for Organisation Research and Education (FORE), Manav Rachna International University, NC College of Engineering and Research, Hindu School of Architecture, RIMT Technical Campus, Shri Balwant Rai Institute of Technology and Research and SRM University.These institutes are being set up on 167.74 acres of land. Haryana government had developed the education city with Rs 107.80 crore. One fourth of the total seats would be reserved for Haryana students in all the educational institutes which are setting their base in the Rajiv Gandhi education city at Rai village in Sonipat district located on the NH 1.The chief minister said that a sum of Rs 15,000 crore would be invested on the overall development of this education city which would provide quality education to about 1.5 lakh students. He said that it would create employment opportunities directly and indirectly for about 50,000 people.The courses in field of management, information and technology, computer sciences, bio-medical engineering, bio-technology, nano-technology, defence research, film and media studies would be run in these institutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13977640", "title": "Smashing likely to garner the maximum support in Karnataka Cup", "text": "BANGALORE: Pesi Shroff-schooled Smashing is likely to garner the maximum support in the Karnataka Cup, the plum event of the Sunday's Bangalore Summer races. The main threat to Smashing, to be piloted by Trevor Patel, will emanate from stable-mate Cardinal and the Ganapathy- schooled Southern Bay. The latter holds the edge and is set to run Smashing close.Selections1. Royal Randwick Plate 1100M: Next Move 1, Our Love 2.2. Everynsky Trophy (Div-II) 1200M: Carducci 1, Fire Storm 2.3. Flirting Vision Plate (Div-II) 1400M: Vega 1, Samovar 2.4. Everynsky Trophy (Div-I) 1200M: Active Grey 1, Smithsonite 2.5. Flirting Vision Plate (Div-I) 1400M: Eastern Summit 1, Hot Stuff 2.6. Karnataka Cup 1600M: Smashing 1, Southern Bay 2.7. Lumbini Stud Plate 1600M: Panamera 1, Arabian Gold 2.8. Sir M Visvesvaraya Memorial Cup 1400M: Shivalik Hero 1, Own Asset 2.9. Prabalo Plate 1200M: She's A Lady 1, Nectar Crown 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13987652", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation starts work on storm water lines as monsoon nears", "text": "INDORE: While pre-monsoon shower had already drenched the city and arrival of monsoon is only a few days away, Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) performed bhumipujans for setting up storm water lines here on Saturday. The civic body is about to start works on the storm water lines in wards 10, 43 and 48 spending Rs 1 crore. However, the residents are wary of the entire exercise as they said that it has to be seen if the IMC will be able to complete the work before the arrival of monsoon.Pankaj Agrawal, a resident of Bengali Square, where bhumipujan of storm water line water performed, said that the exercise was just an eye wash. \"The sky is overcast and everyday we are witnessing drizzling in the city. At this juncture, the IMC have thought of constructing storm water lines. It is a joke on the residents, who face water logging every year during monsoon,\" he said. He added that normally construction works are stopped on the arrival of monsoon but IMC decided to set up storm water lines this monsoon.Priya Mehta, resident of Goyal Nagar, said that the civic body had promised to construct storm water lines last year to tackle flooding. Throughout the year, they do not take any step in that direction and now on the eve of monsoon, they remembered to construct storm water lines. \"This shows how serious our civic body is towards the problems of the common man.\"State health minister Mahendra Hardia, who performed the bhumipujan, was upbeat about the project and said that the storm water line will give people of this area relief from water logging. \"The civic body will try to complete the works as soon as possible. Even if the work doesn't get completed on time, the contractor has been asked to make arrangements for draining out the rain water by digging temporary drainages,\" he said.Umesh Yadav , resident of Pushp Nagar, said that digging temporary storm water line will create more problems for the residents than a relief from water logging. They will dig the road and put soil on the road which will make the road muddy and slippery after rains making commuting alongit difficult.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13997840", "title": "Vikram Bhatt denies tiff with Karisma, Babita", "text": "As we all know that Karisma Kapoor's comeback vehicle Dangerous Ishq tanked at the box office in no time, and the actress who was the darling of the masses once upon a time is reportedly upset with the film's director Vikram Bhatt for the movie's debacle at the box office.Obviously, Karisma was hoping that the film might bring her back into the limelight and was all out promoting the film aggressively even as several uncomfortable questions about her personal life (about the break-up from her husband) was thrown at her during the promotional activities.Apparently, Karisma's mother, Babita too called up Vikram and blasted him for the 'shoddy' product. Babita and Karisma allegedly told the director that the movie was so much different as compared to the rushes shown to them.Reportedly, the mother-daughter duo also sounded him off on the clothes and styling which they found awful. However, Vikram denied the news calling it a figment of somebody's imagination. \"They are very decent people. Hits and flops are part and parcel of movie business. They have been in the industry for long and know it pretty well. It is not that for the first time a film has flopped,\" said Vikram.The director also laughed off the rumours of Karisma having three film contract with him, and now that the first one has not worked, Karisma has backed out from the remaining two. \"Why would Karisma have three-film contract with me? She is not some newcomer,\" laughed Vikram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14003195", "title": "Crackdown on polluting vehicles on Delhi roads", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an effort to control pollution, Delhi government will launch a mega drive tomorrow to crackdown on motorists who do not have a valid pollution under control (PUC) certificate for their vehicles.Thirty teams of enforcement wing of Transport department will carry out the drive which will continue till June 18.If a motorist does not have a PUC certificate and if he is first time offender, then a fine of Rs 1,000 will be imposed while the fine amount will be Rs 2,000 in case of second time offenders.Vehicles will be impounded in case of third time offenders, officials said.Besides checking PUC certificates, the enforcement teams will also check the pollution levels of the vehicles.Officials said all types of vehicles will be checked durung the eight-day long drive.As per official figure, Delhi has over 60 lakh vehicles. Officials said the pollution control drive would be held every month to ensure strict compliance of pollution control norms.As per norms, the motorists have to get PUC certificates for their vehicles after every three months but for Euro-IV vehicles, pollution certificate is required at an interval of one year.The officials said special sticker having tamper-proof hologram would be pasted on the vehicles after their checking by the enforcement squads.Currently 550 pollution checking centers are functioning in the city from where motorists can get their PUC certificates.Getting a PUC certificate for two and three wheelers costs Rs 60 while for four wheeler petrol vehicles the cost is Rs 80.The fee charged by the pollution checking centers for diesel vehicles is Rs 100.The enforcement teams would impound vehicles fitted with unauthorised CNG kits, the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13982863", "title": "These heavenly abodes come with room service", "text": "Despite sites like TripAdvisor and budgethotels.com, there's a kind of B&B; cost-conscious wayfarers may never sniff out. These 'retreats'\u2014guesthouses, dharamshalas and sanatoria as they are variously called\u2014reserve the right of entry for members of their own religion or community. While most are situated close to places of spiritual notice to harbour pilgrims, some, like the retreat houses of Christians, and the sanatoria and dharamshalas of Parsis, are designed for members of the community looking for alternative forms of deliverance.The Christians, thanks to clerical prescience, have a few 'holiday homes' across the country. The ones closest to Mumbai are in Khandala and Lonavala. It's probably why most Catholics only know Khandala's landmark hotel Duke's from a distance. They've never had occasion to check into Khandala's landmark hotel\u2014with a couple of Jesuit guesthouses within trotting distance. The hill station's Jesuit guesthouses are set on vast, scenic grounds and run by nuns and priests. They are usually spartan affairs with set meals, stiff linen and common baths. No flat-screens here, but plenty of religious iconography and old issues of Reader's Digest for the soul.\"I've been going to St Mary's Villa in Khandala for years, in the '50s as a school-boy on summer camps and now with my family,\" chuckles Aroon Fernandes, an old boy from St Mary's High School, to which the villa is attached. These highland hermitages were built over a hundred years ago to accommodate boarders who would decamp to the hills in the holidays. With boarding facilities closed, the homes now take in families and groups for as little as Rs 500 a night\u2014 with meals.Parsis too have holiday homes scattered across the country. \"Our 'homes' were originally intended for Parsis with little means to enjoy an idyllic holiday, or for convalescents,\" says Niloufer Marolia, a retired travel agent, about the sanatoria and dharamshalas to which Parsis have right of way in Lonavala, Panchgani, Udvada and Bordi.These guesthouses attract young people as well. Dinshaw Tamboly, trustee of the World Zoroastrian Organistation (WZO) Trust says the sanatorium they run at Sanjan (where Zoroastrian refugees from Persia first landed) is frequented by groups of young adults who make the most of the beach nearby.However some dharamshalas run a tight routine of rituals and discourses and expect residents to participate. Since living costs are subsidised, and these institutions are not for profit, they'd rather have a guest who wants to pray.At ISKCON's outposts (International Society for Krishna Consciousness), religion is no bar, and piousness is optional, but if you want a room and you're not a member of the organisation, room rates are nearly as high as some three-star hotels. Global organisations like ISKCON, The Art of Living, and Ramakrishna Mission have settlements abroad in nearly every major city, and many welcome non-affiliates, presumably to enable them to have an immersive experience. Monika Robson (Mahesvari), who runs New Govardhan, ISKCON's main rural centre in Australia, says they're happy to have guests, and even Woofers\u2014those willing to work on organic farms for free, in exchange for accommodation and vegetarian food.Ashrams and dharamshalas are typically where adults of a spiritual disposition congress. To attract more young people, some communities are paying particular attention to residential comfort. \"Double beds and AC rooms are recent upgrades at some tirth sthals (Jain holy shrines),\" says Sudhir Patani, trustee of Matunga Jain Sangh. \"The Pawapuri Jain Tirth Dham in Gujarat, for example, is resort-like, with sprawling gardens and water bodies. Visitors are free to partake in prayers or not; the only rule is that the food consumed on the grounds must meet Jain standards.\"One of the most attractive aspects of these 'holytels' is indeed the food. At the Christian end of the table are eggs on toast or semolina at sunrise and chicken curry and salad for lunch. The Parsis dish out dhansak and mince cutlets. The Bohras trot out the lamb. \"We've had delicious mutton at Burhanpur,\" raves a school teacher about the Bohra mazhar in Madhya Pradesh.Dawoodi bureaucrats have improved tourism to their holy sites and mausoleums by building state-of-the-art hostels, so that card-carrying Bohras can avail of free 'five star' lodging and food, and do their duty at the same time.\"We have about 35 pilgrim hostels in the country,\" says Shaikh Abdeali Bhanpurawala, who oversees PR at Dawat-e-Hadiyah, the headquarters of Bohra administration in India. \"A Bohra need only flash his community ID card for a room.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon ", "code": "13982774", "title": "Lego kits lure children", "text": "Gurgaon : A robotic workshop using LEGO kits is drawing geeky kids from all over NCR to the city. More than 50% of the children participating in the workshop live outside Gurgaon, and have left behind similar workshops near their homes for a chance to work with advanced robotic kits. Most of the participants in the workshop, which is being organized by a Vardhaman International in Sector-38, are boys in the age group of 8-12. The minimum age for enrolling in this workshop is 5 years. \"I come from the Delhi Cantonment area everyday since back in Delhi, people are still teaching with outdated Meccano kits that are non-programmable by satellite. LEGO on the other hand, can be programmed by a remote control,\" said Adhiraj Singh, 12. Vijender Jain, organiser and a teacher at the workshop said \"We are also training some children for Robotic Olympiads and other competitions.\" Vardhaman International had held a similar workshop in the winter of 2011, but only a few children enrolled at that time as it clashed with their exam schedule. This year's robotic workshop started in March and will go on till the end of June. The basic training class is held 5 days a week for two hours at Rs 3,000. After briefing children about spare parts and basic robotics theory for 15 minutes, the participants are allowed to make robots from the very first day. With each passing day, the task to be accomplished by the robot is made more complex. The robots are made from a LEGO kit that costs Rs 30,000 each. After the robot is made, the children are taught to program them with a graphic user interface program and C++. Once programmed, these can be remote controlled from any distance. Post basic training, children often return for the advanced weekend training classes that costs Rs 8000 and is held for 7 weeks. In these classes, children make robots that climb poles and walls, and chimneys. Vivek Gautam, their teacher said that children use microprocessors, various kinds of beams, gears, wheels, axels and seven kinds of sensors (ultrasonic, light, colour, touch, temperature, sound and rotation sensors) while constructing robots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13983152", "title": "Can\u2019t blame law for failure of arbitration: HC judge", "text": "BANGALORE: Justice N Kumar of Karnataka high court has said that neither the law nor the Parliament, which framed the Arbitration Act, can be blamed for failure of arbitration as an alternate dispute resolution (ADR) mechanism.\"There is no prohibition on appointing an engineer, scientist or a technical man as an arbitrator. Law in no way says only a judge or lawyer should be an arbitrator. You can't blame the law or the Parliament or the system for missing an opportunity provided by law. It is like a latest model car and the driver not knowing how to drive it (situation)\", he said while inaugurating a seminar on \"contract management-role of engineers &amp; architects\" organized by the Indian Institution of technical Arbitrators (IIT Arb).Justice Kumar, who also heads the Bangalore chapter of International Chapter of Alternative Disputes Resolution , said the issue of including technical men along with persons with legal background to head arbitral tribunals is under consideration.Speaking about qualification of arbitrators , he said that an arbitrator must have knowledge about the prevailing laws governing the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13985976", "title": "Paddy season blues to trip power more", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the paddy season approaching, the frequency at which power is supplied from the northern grid is going to drop, leading to power cuts and low voltage and causing inconvenience to city residents, especially those who fall under the 33KV grid sub-station in Sector 34. According to the UT electricity department, people living in sectors 20-A, C, 21-A, C, 22, 23, 35-B, 33, 34-C, 35 and 45 would face a major problem as the sub-station in Sector 34 has not been upgraded.UT's superintending engineer M P Singh said, \"These sectors receive power from the 33KV grid sub-station in Sector 34, where the situation is worst because of overloading. The system has not been upgraded and it would take another year to do so. When the paddy season comes we will be able to make arrangements for all the other sectors, but for these.\"Nearly 16,000 households in the above mentioned sectors would be affected.Moreover, the problem of overdrawing of power from the northern grid is also going to increase with the paddy season. As the frequency of the northern grid would be low, states including Punjab and Haryana, besides UT would not be allowed overdrawal of powerNo solutionCity residents are reeling under unscheduled cuts of four to five hours every day, but the UT electricity department is powerless to find a solution. On Tuesday night, the city fell short of nearly 40MW due to failure of a power plant in Orissa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13998191", "title": "Workshop for sugarcane production", "text": "PUNE: The state sugar commissionerate has organised a state-level workshop for all the private and co-operative sugar factories in the state ahead of forthcoming (2012-13) sugarcane production and crushing season.The day long workshop will be held on June 11 at the city based Yashvantrao Chavan Academy of Development Administration (YASHADA) in the presence of state co-operation minister Harshvardhan Patil and the state agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil.The workshop will cover various issues pertaining to the status of sugarcane industry and challenges being faced pertaining to cultivation and crushing. Discussions will be held on various aspects such as increase in per hectare sugarcane production by using advanced techniques and scientific methods, improved variety of sugarcane, availability of water etc.Besides this, the participants will discuss the performance of sugar factories during recently ended crushing season and will also review the challenges for forthcoming crushing season.The chairmen and directors of sugarcane factories are asked to attend the workshop. The officials from the state agriculture department and the officials of Vasantdada Sugar Institute (VSI) will attend the workshop and discuss the long term vision of state sugarcane production including the issue of instalments to be given to farmers and efficient running of sugarcane factories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "dharamsala", "code": "13984906", "title": "India must lose corruption: Dalai Lama", "text": "DHARAMSALA: Addressing a gathering at the inauguration of the fourth All India Tibet Support Groups Conference organized at the Tibetan Institute of Performing Arts (TIPA), the Dalai Lama referred to India as a \"guru\" but said graft had let the country down. The Tibetan spiritual leader said he would dedicate his life to promoting human values and eradicating corruption. He supported Anna Hazare's anti-graft campaign and in December 2011, had called forIndian support on the issue.Dalai Lama was accompanied by RSS leader Indresh Kumar, Congress MP from Jodhpur Chandresh Kumari and the prime minister of Tibetan government-in-exile, Lobsang Sangay. Supporting Dalai Lama's views, Indresh Kumar said great Indians like Mahatma Gandhi led the country and gave it moral ethics and corruption must be made non-existent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "jaisalmer/jaipur", "code": "13981945", "title": "Rajasthan to launch \u2018Janani Express\u2019 service soon", "text": "JAISALMER/JAIPUR: The state government is all set to launch the Janani Express Service to promote the Janani Suraksha Yojana on the lines of 108 ambulance services.With a view to promote institutional deliveries, National Rural Health Mission has introduced a new scheme known as 'Janani Express' to provide round-the-clock free transportation facility to pregnant women.The service is likely to be launched in August. All the chief medical health officers of the state have been directed to send their requirement of ambulances.Family welfare director Dr PK Sharda said, \"The ambulances will be deployed between two primary health centres (PHCs).\"The centre has approved the state government's proposal for sanctioning 400 such ambulances for the state.Under the plan, all expectant mothers would get free transportation facility to health centres and hospitals for delivery. It would be available in case of emergencies in the pre and post-delivery periods. The service will also help the state government in reducing the maternal mortality ratio. Also, it will take the load off the 108 ambulance services.\"The government is planning to start 102 Janani express service ambulance under the Janani Suraksha Yojana. This new ambulance service will be used only for pregnant women,\" Jaisalmer chief medical and health officer Gopal Purohit said.He added in the first phase of the scheme, the service will be deployed at those PHCs where there are no ambulances, not even the 108 service. \"Initially, we have demanded five Janani express ambulances and have sent the proposal,\" Purohit said.The CMHO further said the scheme is expected to start in August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13987390", "title": "Deadline for registration extended", "text": "BHOPAL: After extending the last date for online admission in colleges, the higher education department has extended the last date of registration and verification process to July 10.The candidates, who register themselves and get their documents verified till July 10, will also be able to participate in the admission process. Seat allotment of the first and second phase will remain the same, an official spokesman said.Admission allotments will be issued on merit basis by including the new candidates who will get themselves registered and get their documents verified from June 11 to June 30. Seat allotment for the third phase will begin from July 7 and fourth phase from July 10 to 11. Fees have to be deposited during the same period, said the official.Last counselling for admission of registered applicants will be made at the college level on July 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13983444", "title": "\u2018Inspections and security norms overlooked in jails\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the murder of Indian Mujahideen operative Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui inside Pune's high-security Yerawada central jail, records accessed by TOI show the administration in most jails across the state has been neglecting security concerns inside prison premises.The government norms make routine inspections of high-profile prisons by an officer of the level of IG or DIG mandatory, but a report of the state home department shows that between 2007-10, senior officials in Maharashtra rarely took interest in inspecting the state's 42 prisons and 172 sub-jails. Siddiqui, who was an accused in the blast that occurred outside Bangalore's Chinnaswamy stadium, was strangled inside his prison cell on Friday. Records show the IG (prisons) is supposed to carry out five inspection visits in major prisons and sub-jails every year, but barring 2007-08, no visit was made by the IG (prisons) in 2008-09 or 2009-10. The DIG (prisons) of western region (Pune), in whose jurisdiction Yerawada prison falls, is supposed to make 10 visits in prisons and 56 in sub-jails each year. This turns into a total of 198 visits in the three-year period. However, only 15 inspections were carried out by him. Of the total 117 visits that the DIG Nagpur should have made in three years, only five took place. In Mumbai region, the DIG conducted seven of the 117 inspections he was supposed to carry out between 2007 and 2010. In Aurangabad division, 24 inspections were carried out of the total 195. Prakash Pawar, additional director general of police (prisons), said at present regular inspections are being carried out. Siddiqui's murder has brought to the fore problems plaguing prisons in the state, including their pending modernization and overcrowding. State officials said the condition of jails is likely to improve by March, 2013, when six more prisons are likely to come up, reducing overcrowding in prisons. \"However, opening new jails is not the only solution, officials must also stick to norms and carry out regular inspections,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "13978162", "title": "Youngsters at the mercy of \u2018kalyanam mudakkikal\u2019", "text": "KOLLAM: Flex boards that warn villagers, 'Beware of marriage meddlers', in Perumpuzha and Vadakkevila sum up the gravity of the problem faced by youngsters of marriageable age in these villages.Youngsters, both male and female, find it difficult to get married as these 'kalyanam mudakkikal', often come in the way of marriage plans of many.They disrupt marriages by weaving false stories, through anonymous phone calls and letters, etc.According to sources in these villages, these anonymous meddlers have disrupted at least 10 marriages in the region in the last six months.When this practice became rampant, boards warning those involved in the act began to be put up in many parts of these villages. At first, the villagers treated it as something to laugh about, but it took a serious turn when the images of these boards started appearing in social networking sites like Facebook and Orkut.According to Shameer A, a bachelor, these boards were being put up to send a strong message to those spoilsports who wrecked marriages by spreading false stories. According to him, the incidents of marriage proposals getting aborted in the village were rampant. Though many such incidents have been reported, not many people have thought of lodging complaints fearing negative publicity.Like most villagers, Shameer is also not sure who has been putting up such boards, but he appreciates those who are doing this.Jayan Vadakkevila, a local politician, said the issue wasn't serious enough to warrant such publicity. These sorts of things keep happening in other parts of the state also, he avers.\"We have heard of such incidents where meddlers have wrecked marriages, but it is nothing serious. In Malabar there is a custom called 'Sorakalyanam'; this isn't very different from that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13980181", "title": "Man held for 22L bank fraud", "text": "New Delhi: A man has been arrested for duping bank of Rs 22.50 lakh by forging documents. The accused, Sohan Kumar (32), a businessman dealing in plastic Rayon and he had taken a loan of Rs. 22.50 lakh from the Nanital Bank branch of Tilak Nagar by submitting forged titles and sale deed, police said.\"A team lead by SI Devender Singh was sent to Rohini to track the accused. The team visited many addresses and finally nabbed Sohan from Sector-24, Rohini. Sohan's family ( his wife, brother and sister-in-law) on seeing the cops, fled the spot,'' said Devesh Srivastava, additional CP (central).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13978220", "title": "Sadananda Gowda to visit Dakshina Kannada today for elections", "text": "MANGALORE: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda will undertake a half-day visit to his home district Dakshina Kannada on Sunday in connection with the biennial polls to the state legislative council.In his itinerary Sadananda Gowda, who will arrive by flight at Bajpe airport, is scheduled to have breakfast at the residence of Padmanabha Kottari, district Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) unit president at Kalladaka and cast his vote in Puttur taluk office.Chief minister will later visit the local temple and depart for Bangalore via Sakleshpur by road. The chief minister is expected to inspect the condition of Shirady Ghat that connects Mangalore with Bangalore enroute.Incidentally, Sadananda Gowda had visited the city on June 2 in connection with a party workers' meeting organized to review the party's preparedness for the polls that will be held on Sunday from 8am to 4pm.While noting that the outcome of the polls will have no bearing on the Bharatiya Janata Party-led state government, Sadananda Gowda had exhorted the workers to leave no stone unturned to ensure the victory of party candidates for the South-West Graduates and Teachers constituencies \u2014 D H Shankara Murthy and Ganesh Karnik.Dakshina Kannada district police has made elaborate security arrangements in view of the chief minister's visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13994241", "title": "Daljeet Bhanot quits Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon", "text": "Daljeet Kaur Bhanot aka Anjali of Star Plus' hit show 'Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon' has decided to quit.Daljeet is currently serving a notice period and will continue to do so until the of 10th July, 2012. Sources suggest that there were multiple reasons which prompted Daljeet to quit 'Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon'. The production house was trying their best to convince Daljeet not to quit 'Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon'. However it seems that the actress has already made up her mind. Sources inform that Daljeet is dissatisfied with the progress of her role in the show.It is also heard that Daljeet is unhappy as the story is not coming out the way it was promised to her during narrations. Initially the show was titled 'Didi Ki Sauten' wherein Daljeet's character was supposed to be the lead.But with the change in the title, of the show her role also shifted from the main lead to a parallel lead. Sources further inform that the actress has bagged a pivotal role in a new show. When contacted, Daljeet Kaur Bhanot, simply refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13987674", "title": "Bollywood hue in Cong campaign", "text": "Ranchi: The Congress is not leaving any stone unturned to retain the Hatia seat after the June 12 bypoll. After using senior politicians like Union ministers, the party finally brought film star-turned-politician Raj Babbar and actor-producer-director Akbar Khan to campaign for the party on Saturday.The two film stars attended a number of public meetings during the day and asked the voters of Hatia to vote for the Congress candidate. \"In the past 12 years, the state has not made its desired progress because of politicians who only thought for their welfare and ignored the interest of masses. It is because of the failure of the state government the Maoists are ruling in rural areas and criminals in cities and towns,\" said Babbar.He urged the electorate to vote in favour of the Congress as it is the only party that always thinks for overall development. \"By voting the Congress, people of Hatia can bring change in the state and make it free from corruption,\" the Congress MP said.Khan, however, urged the voters to use their franchise in favour of a candidate who has clean image and stands for welfare of masses. \"I know Union minister Subodh Kant Sahay and his younger brother Sunil Sahay for many years and they always think of welfare of masses. The way he has worked for development of the area even in absence of the Union minister he deserves to get vote from people of Hatia,\" said Khan.The seat became vacant after death of sitting Congress legislator Gopal Sharan Nath Shahdeo in 2010. The Election Commission could not organize the by-election due a pending election petition in Jharkhand High Court challenging the result of 2009 general election. The petition was filed by BJP candidate Ramji Lal Sharda who lost the election by a slender margin of 25 votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13986509", "title": "Preparations on for Ambubachi Mela", "text": "GUWAHATI: With devotees already arriving at Kamakhya temple for Ambubachi Mela, the organizers of the festival have sought active support from the government agencies and Kamrup (metro) district administration to make things convenient for the visitors. The annual festival will begin on June 22.The Kamrup (metro) district administration has directed the Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) and the public health engineering department to make sufficient water available at all hours for the visitors during the festival, which is from June 22 to June 28. Last year, over four lakh visitors thronged the Kamakhya temple during Ambubachi Mela. PWD workers were seen reconstructing the damaged portions of the road leading to the Kamakhya hill top on Saturday.The district administration has also requested the GMC to install 250 temporary water taps at all strategic points, including the road near Kamakhya temple and construct 200 temporary latrines before June 20 in consultation with the mela authorities. Besides, the GMC has been requested to install flood lighting in all the strategic areas as well as in parking places and street lighting facilities along the road and the two footpaths starting from the foothills.The state fire service organization has been asked by the district administration to provide at least two fire tenders round the clock in case of emergencies. On the other hand, the state health and family welfare department will provide medical assistance with emergency facilities in the Kamakhya temple complex by deputing sufficient number of doctors and nurses during the mela days.The Kamrup (metro) district administration has also urged the Assam State Transport Corporation (ASTC), tourism department and the private transport associations to ensure transport services from Guwahati Railway Station, ASTC bus station and ISBT to Kamakhya foothills at reasonable fares from June 22 to June 28.Naba Kanta Sarma, secretary of Kamakhya Ambubachi Mela Parichalana Samiti urged the district administration to take up necessary measures for smooth conduct of the festival.\"The Kamrup (metro) administration should ensure availability of requisite cooking gas cylinders for preparing food for the visitors, round-the-clock water supply and makeshift latrines,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13993141", "title": "Amrinder and Honey Singh in Tu Mera 22 Main Tera 22", "text": "After Taur Mittran Di, singer turned actor Amrinder Gill will be seen in upcoming Punjabi film Tu Mera 22 Main Tera 22.While Amrinder shared the screen with Ranvijay Singh in Taur Mittran Di , this time he will be seen with popular Punjabi rapper and music director Yo Yo Honey Singh, who is in a pivotal role in Tu Mera 22 Main Tera 22.Penned by renowned Punjabi script writer Dheeraj Rattan of Jihne Mera Dil Luteya fame, film will mark the debut of director Amit Prasher in Punjabi films. The film also features Mandy Takhar, Wamiqa Gabbi, Binnu Dhillon in key roles.Source: punjabgold.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13982653", "title": "Pupils take to net for re-exam protest", "text": "MUMBAI: Students are up in arms against the Mumbai University's decision to conduct a re-exam for the three engineering papers.First-year engineering students, who will have to reappear for three papers, have started a Facebook group\u2014Voice against re-exam\u2014to vent their anger against the varsity. On Monday evening, students also plan to hold a protest march on the varsity campus. Mumbai University has decided to conduct the re-examinations on June 14, 16 and 18.The decision was taken at the board of examination meeting on Friday, following a confirmation from the Mumbai police's crime branch that the papers had indeed leaked. The papers in question are Applied Mathematics-II and Applied Physics-II (for first-year second-semester students), and Basic Electrical and Electronics Engineering (BEEE) paper for ATKT (allowed to keep term) students and will be held in the same sequence on the aforementioned dates.Nearly 3,842 members have joined the group on the social networking website. Several students said they were upset with the manner in which the university handled the important exams. While some want to move court against the varsity, others are in favour of roping in a students' wing affiliated to a political party to apply pressure on Mumbai University to reconsider its decision to hold a re-exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13981825", "title": "Austerity drive: No ACs for MCG babus", "text": "Gurgaon: The MCG officials are working without the comfort of airconditioners after the state government ordered that measures should be adopted to cut down costs. There was a proposal of buying airconditioners for some of the department heads, but such plans have been put on hold and instead they are being provided with water coolers. \"There was a proposal to provide ACs for the offices of chief town planners, the executive engineers and the four zonal taxation officers. There were also plans of buying a few vehicles and office furniture. But all that has been put on hold, said an MCG official. The officials have also been asked to cut down on travel expenditure. The chief accounts officer has been asked by the municipal commissioner not to clear any file showing high expenditure. But the staff is not happy with the decision. \"AC is no longer a luxury item, but has become a necessity. It% is becoming difficult to work in this heat,\" said an MCG engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13981590", "title": "25 sports quota marks take teen\u2019s Higher School Certificate score to 99.5%", "text": "MUMBAI: Kandivli teen Abhinendra Singh is on cloud nine\u2014the 17-year-old's HSC score has shot up from 95.33% to 99.5% after the addition of 25 sports quota marks. Abhinendra's family is hoping the new tally will make him the state's HSC topper.\"I still can't believe it. My parents were very happy with my score even before I was awarded 25 marks for excellence in sports. Now, the excitement and celebration has reached another level,\" said Abhinendra, a student of Thakur College of Science and Commerce in Kandivli (E). A gold medallist in martial arts at the state level, Abhinendra had qualified for the national-level games but could not attend the session due to his busy schedule.The HSC results were announced on May 25 and colleges received the marksheets on June 2. \"The sports authority checks and authorizes these 25 marks by April 30 after verifying students' documents. This year, we got the marks only by May 14 and could send it to the state board only by May 17. The board office informed us that it was too late to incorporate the marks in the results,\" said C T Chakraborty, principal of the college.The board had assured college authorities that these marks will be included in the students' results once the results were announced. \"The officials asked us to contact them with the original marksheet and we received the fresh marksheet on Friday,\" she added.While most students who manage this feat focus only on their HSC paper and ignore other competitive exams, Abhinendra managed to study for HSC as well as his MH-CET (engineering) exams and scored 188 on 200.\"I gave more importance to my Class XII exams and studied very hard. The remaining time I spent on preparing for the CET exams. I hope my marks are enough to get me through the best engineering institute,\" he said, adding, \"My first preference is VJTI College in Matunga.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13982293", "title": "Blueprint for 'Hindu Nation' to be chalked out in Goa", "text": "PONDA: Several senior religious leaders with Hindu activists, saints, religious heads, intellectuals, lawyers, and editors have descended upon Ramnathi in Ponda to attend the All India Hindu Convention organized by Hindu Janajagruti Samiti (HJS) on Sunday.Ashwinikumar Shrungu, president, 'Panoon Kashmir', Jammu; Atul Verma, advocate and MP, Samajvadi Party, Madhya Pradesh; Pujya Yush Maharaj, Gazipur (UP); Rameshwar Mishra, president, 'Dharmapalan Shodhpeeth', Bhopal; Arvind Maharaj Upadhyaya, regional president of 'Subhash Krantikari Party', Madhya Pradesh; Suresh Kulkarni, senior advocate, high court; P P P Nayar of Keraliya Kshetrapalan Committee; Ramesh Shinde, national spokesperson for HJS and Abhay Vartak, national spokesperson for Sanatan Sanstha have already reached the venue.Other dignitaries such as Tapan Ghosh, president of 'Hindu Samhati', Bengal; Pramod Mutalik, president, Shriram Sena in South India; Suresh Chavanke of Hindi TV channel 'Sudarshan'; Vaidehi Tamhan, editor, Hindi channel 'Newsmakers'; Raja Singh Thakur of 'Shriram Channel', Andhra Pradesh; Neel Madhav Das, president, 'Tarun Hindu' organization, are scheduled to arrive on Sunday, said Manoj Solanki, chief organizer of the convention.Solanki said the convention slated to be held between June 10 and June 14, would chalk out a blue print for the protection of dharma and establishment of a Hindu Nation. The convention will be held from 9.30am to 6.30pm and will focus on sensitive topics such as the dire state of Hindus in Kashmir, government takeover of Hindu temples, Communal Violence Bill, \"the conspiracy of Saffron Terrorism\", Cow Protection, religious conversions, infiltrations, Love Jihad, distortion of history etc.An action plan will be discussed and further course of action for Hindu unity from the perspective of establishment of a Hindu Nation will also be decided in this convention. Separate discussion sessions of Hindu intellectuals and editors will take place during this convention. A separate convention of Hindu lawyers will also be organized with participation of lawyers from Supreme Court and high courts and retired judges during the last two days, Solanki said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13982388", "title": "Finally, Ponda Planning and Development Authority gets merged into South Goa Planning and Development Authority", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda Planning and Development Authority (PPDA) has officially merged into South Goa Planning and Development Authority (SGPDA) and several Ponda developers who were awaiting construction licenses can get them now, stated Ponda MLA Lavoo Mamledar.Admitting that due to slow movement of government administration, developers could not receive any licenses over the last seven months, Mamledar said that considering the problems faced by several developers in Ponda, the government finally merged the PPDA into SGPDA on Monday.The Ponda PDA was reconstituted in November 2011 with inclusion of Curti-Khandepar villages in its jurisdiction, but soon after the constitution of the PPDA, the Curti-Khandepar villagers had opposed the inclusion of their area and the Congress government had stopped issuing licenses through the PPDA.MGP and BJP alliance had even made the inclusion of Curti-Khandepar villages as an election issue and scrapped the proposal of inclusion of the village within its jurisdiction after coming to power in March. The government had assigned powers of issuing licenses to Ponda developers to the town and country planning (TCP) department.But, scrapping of the regional plan had stopped the working of the TCP, that had further affected Ponda developers, said builders. The state government notified the planning area for the reconstituted PPDA on May 17, but the merger of the PPDA into the SGPDA was the only answer to solve the pendency of construction license applications.Mamledar admitted that the delay in the merger has affected the developments in the town and several developers awaiting to avail construction licenses would now get it as the government has officially merged the PPDA into SGPDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13981235", "title": "60 shops gutted in North Delhi", "text": "New Delhi: Around 60 shops were gutted in a fire in the Bara Tuti area of Sadar Bazar in north Delhi on Saturday. Though the fire broke out in a four-storeyed building around 3:45am, the fire department was informed almost 50 minutes later, a source in the fire department said.By then, the fire had engulfed another adjoining building; two persons sustained minor injuries and those sleeping on the ground floor were evacuated.The official said the fire spread rapidly as most of the shops on the premises had godowns for storing plastic and cotton products - all of which were inflammable. \"We received a call around 4am about the fire. The fire department was informed and they have been working since morning to douse the flames,\" Pradhan Chaman Lal Marwah, vice-chairman, Sadar Bazar traders association said.Most of the material stored in the shop was reduced to ashes. Fire fighters forced their entry from the rear into the three-storeyed building and the terrace; hydraulic lifts were used to break through windows to control the fire.Twenty two fire tenders and other supporting units were deployed at the spot. A case has been registered at the Sadar Bazar station. Prima facie, a cop said, short circuit could have caused the fire.\"This may have happened because of a chemical, which was exposed to air while it was being transported in a scooter,'' Sudhir kumar , a Sadar Bazar shop-keeper told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13981319", "title": "India set to achieve radical power shift", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The success of the SST-1 project represents India's quest for a radical shift from harnessing energy from fission reactors to fusion reactors. Only some countries, including India, have pooled in their resources to build an International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor (ITER) device at Cadarache in France at an estimated cost of 15 billion Euros. The Institute of Plasma research (IPR), Gandhinagar - which comes under the department of atomic energy - is the nodal institution in the country and a part of the ITER project. Other partners are the US, the EU, Russia, Japan, South Korea and China.A significant feat by achieved by scientists at IPR is the development of one of the world's best welding techniques that is vital to maintain the vacuum in the Tokamak chambers. Besides, scientists have tested all critical coils. Special and newly designed 80 kelvin thermal shields that have been tested. All Vacuum Vessel baking channels have been repaired and tested.Nearly Rs 18 crore has been spent on SST-1 refurbishment with 11 large and over 200 smaller procurements. IPR's SST-1 Tokamak becomes important in the light of the elusive quest for producing electricity through sustained nuclear fusion. Unlike a fission reaction where an atom splits into parts to release energy, in a fusion reaction, the nuclei of two hydrogen atoms or their isotopes fuse together under certain conditions and, a given set of circumstances, release huge amounts of energy. It is this very energy that scientists across the world are devising ways to tap.\"Uranium for a fission reaction is scarce. On the other hand, Deuterium, the Hydrogen isotope that we will use for fusion is available in seawater,\" says a senior official at IPR. \"Tritium, the other isotope, can be bred from Lithium ions. So fuel is not a problem for Tokamak reactors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "13977945", "title": "Sushma Swaraj promises Telangana state", "text": "WARANGAL: If voted to power in the 2014 elections, the BJP-led alliance will immediately create Telangana, BJP parliamentary party leader Sushma Swaraj said and urged the electorate of Parkal to vote for BJP as it is the only national party that can grant Telangana.A heavy downpour disrupted the election meeting at KUDA grounds in Hanamkonda that was to be addressed by Swaraj in support of BJP Parkal candidate Dr Vijaychander Reddy here on Saturday evening. The meeting resumed after rain stopped. \"The TRS cannot ensure Telangana state formation as it has only two MPs. The BJP has sufficient members in Parliament to realize the dream of the people of the region,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13986619", "title": "Treasure trove", "text": "Khuda Bakhsh Oriental Public Library, Patna, a unique repository of about 21,000 oriental manuscripts, preserves this rich collection written in gold and colour. It has emerged as an internationally-known centre for research in Indo-Islamic literature and medieval history. The 121-year- old library is well on its way to become the country's first library to computerize its handwritten collection for universal dissemination through a website in fulfillment of the wishes of Jawaharlal Nehru. The first prime minister, during his visit to the library, had penned down in the visitor's book on November 1, 1953, \"I should like to see them reproduced by the latest techniques, so that others can see them and share in this joy.\"Though founded earlier, it was opened for public in October 1891 by the illustrious son of Bihar, Khan Bahadur Khuda Bakhsh, with 4,000 manuscripts, of which he inherited 1,400 from his bibliophile father Maulvi Mohammed Bakhsh. Khuda Bakhsh Khan donated his entire personal collection to the people of Patna by a deed of trust. Acknowledging the immense historical and intellectual value of its rich and valued collection, the Government of India declared the Khuda Bakhsh Library (KBL) an Institution of National Importance by an act of Parliament in 1969. The Library is now fully funded by the Union ministry for Culture. Under its modernization programme, the library has already established its own website for the benefit of readers across the world.During the first war of Independence in 1857, many rich libraries, including that of great Mughals, were destroyed and their treasures disappeared. Researchers said as the dust began to settle, these treasures found their way to new patrons, especially the Nawab of Rampur. Khuda Bakhsh Khan also became a bidder of this treasure. His noble reputation paid rich dividends and booksellers flocked to his residence in large numbers. So great was his passion that he retained the services of Mohammad Maqi for 18 years at a monthly salary of Rs 50, asking him to travel to distant regions of Egypt, Syria, Iran and Arabia to purchase manuscripts. As a result, many rare and unique manuscripts came to him, including some which were the only extant copies of priceless value. Over time, his collection came to be more widely known and used compared to the other identical collections in the subcontinent.When Maulvi Mohammad Bakhsh was on his death bed in 1876, he entrusted his whole collection of manuscripts and books to his son and wished him to open a library for the public whenever he found himself in a position to do so. Khuda Bakhsh, thus, inherited from his father the love for books and dedication to public service.An Orientalist of Edinburgh, England, V Scott O'Connor was so impressed with this collection that he remarked, \"The Patna Oriental Public Library is one of the finest collections on Moslem literature in the world.\" The British Museum once made Khuda Bakhsh a magnificent offer for his collection but he declined. \"I am a poor man and the sum they offered me was a princely fortune, but could I ever part for money with that to which my father and I have dedicated our lives?\" he told to O'Connor. \"No,\" he said, \"the collection is for Patna and the gift shall be laid at the feet of the Patna public.\"The KBL contains over 21,000 manuscripts in Arabic, Persian, Urdu, Turkish, Hindi and Sanskrit and palm leaves. These include the splendour of arts of Iranian, Mughal, Central Asian, Kashmiri and Rajasthani schools besides Calligraphic masterpieces. It has more than 2.5 lakh printed books in different languages like Arabic, Persian, Urdu, English, Hindi, French, German, Japanese and Russian on various subjects. Another important part of the collection includes about 3,000 epistles of eminent literary personages. Four manuscripts of the library in Arabic and Persian have been declared as part of Vigyan Nidhi (Manuscript Treasure of India) by the National Mission for Manuscripts in 2006.\"The library is one of the richest repositories of the intellectual centre of Patna. At the same time, it is a major centre for dissemination of knowledge all the over the world,\" said KBL director Imtiaz Ahmad. He said over the years, it has transformed itself into a modern library. It is one of the most vibrant cultural and academic centres, organizing seminars, workshops, lectures and academic programmes in a regular manner.The library specializes in Islamic studies, Tibb (Unani medicine), Tazkira (biography), Tasawwuf (mysticism), comparative religions, medieval history, South-East Asian history, West Asian history, Central Asian history, medieval science, literature on freedom movement and national integration as also Urdu, Persian and Arabic literatures. The library's nomination for inclusion in the UNESCO's World Heritage is under active consideration. A proposal to introduce professional courses especially in Manuscriptology and conservation techniques at the KBL is also under consideration.Khuda Bakhsh's scholarly and bibliophilic efforts were widely appreciated. At least three Viceroys - Lord Elgin in 1895, Lord Curzon in 1903 and Lord Minto in 1906 - visited the library during the lifetime of Khuda Bakhsh. Curzon's visit was particularly welcome since it came at a time when Khuda Bakhsh had fallen to bad days. He was conferred the title of Companion of the Indian Empire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13982954", "title": "Class IX Bengaluru girl wins Indian Spell Bee", "text": "MUMBAI: 'Belligerent' was one of the words that Samvida Venkatesh spelt right at the Indian Spell Bee's grand finale. The Class IX student from Bengaluru won the HDFC Life Spell Bee\u2014India Spells 2012, powered by The Times of India, in association with Horlicks.\"I'm an avid reader. I started reading at the age of four,\" says Samvida, from National Public School in Indiranagar, Bengaluru, who lists Jeffrey Archer , Dan Brown , Suzanne Collins and JK Rowling as her favourite authors.Samvida's prize includes a trip to the United States to be part of the audience at the Scripps Spelling Bee, held every year in Washington DC. The cash prize of Rs 1 lakh will be deposited in the bank, says the teenager, whose parents are engineers in Bengaluru.If Delhi's Sukant Koul, was disappointed at not winning, he didn't let it show. The Amity International School student stood second, but says he didn't expect to come this far. \"We didn't think it was a great achievement when he became a city finalist, until we saw his photograph in the newspaper,\" says his mother, Sarita Koul. She hopes her daughter, now in Class 4, would take part in the competition some day. \"One thing common among the 32 city finalists is they are all avid readers,\" says Sarita, adding, \"No one comes this far by memorizing difficult words, you have to be a regular reader.\"Kolkata lad Soham Chowdhury, who finished third, said, \"The experience has been priceless.\" He is happy with his attempt but hopes to do better next time.Sachita Nishal from Surat, who finished fourth, says \"I realize I must learn to handle pressure better.\" She says her parents were not so bent on her winning as much as they were on her having a good experience. Sachita has one more attempt to go before she is past the age limit for competing, and she hopes to do better the next season.Quiz master Derek O'Brien, who kept the audience in splits with his one-liners, said, \"Luck is part of winning the game. But this time, luck played no part. It's a great achievement for them to have come this far.\" He said this year's competition was the best so far. Actor Darsheel Safary, famous for his role in Taare Zameen Par, who was present for the prize distribution ceremony, said, \"It's a great competition. It improves your language to an extent that you speak very well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13995609", "title": "Katy Perry takes boyfriend Robert Ackroyd bowling", "text": "Katy Perry reportedly booked a bowling alley down the road from 'Wembley' so that she could spend some time together with her new boyfriend, Robert Ackroyd , after her performance.\"Katy has always loved taking her dates for activities like bowling and skating,\" the Sun quoted a source as telling. When asked on the Graham Norton's chat show this week if she was single, the 27-year-old crooner hinted that she is dating more than one bloke at the time. \"My dance card is full - I'm just not sure who I'm dancing with,\" she said.The singer also revealed that she has people call round \"in the middle of the night\" to satisfy her needs. She also insisted that she would love Prince Harry to call her because she thinks he's a \"hot ginger\". Perry claimed that as she is working and partying so hard, she too needs vitamin jabs like the drips that caner Rihanna has been hooked to.\"With a 124-date tour I am tired. There were a couple of times when I needed a doctor to come round and give me a shot of vitamin D to get me on stage,\" she added", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13985175", "title": "Now, weather queries are just a call away", "text": "MANGALORE: Planning a school picnic? Want to start sowing crops? Thinking of holding a musical entertainment night in the open? Chances are people involved in these and other activities would have called up the help desk of Karnataka State Natural Disaster Monitoring Centre ( KSNDMC), Yelahanka.With weather mostly unpredictable, information handed out here is helping many people across Karnataka plan their activities. Given the increasing number of calls the help desk is receiving from people from all walks of life in general and farmers in particular seeking weather information, central authorities have converted it into 24x7 operatin from June 11. The desk currently has two telephone numbers (080 - 22745232 and 22745234) and this will be upgraded with 10 additional numbers within a month. \"Most calls are about whether it will rain, how bad it will be and when it will rain,\" VS Prakash, director, KSNDMC, told STOI.Once, help desk staff got interesting queries about rainfall from the same village. While one caller wanted to know if it would rain for he had planned a family function, another farmer had the same query because he had undertaken crop sowing.When the query is specific to likelihood of rainfall vis-a-vis sowing, Prakash told STOI the centre based on weather patterns recently advised farmers in North Karnataka not to undertake dry sowing as chances of rainfall in the region were slim. Farmers, as a thumb rule, resort to sowing based on local knowledge of weather patterns anticipating another shower. But if this fails, they're more likely to incur heavy losses, he explains.Staff at the help desk said, \"While we receive calls from all over Karnataka, most callers are from Kushtagi taluk in Koppal.\"A few callers seek information related to temperature and humidity as well, for this information helps them make an informed decision about sowing, explains Vijay, a help desk staffer. Various government agencies keep in touch with the centre to help chart their course of action, Prakash adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13979213", "title": "Panel puts 5 extra mouzas in Gorkhaland Territorial Administration ambit, Gorkha Janmukti Morcha fumes", "text": "KOLKATA: The new Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA), that came into being a year ago replacing the old Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council (DGHC) with a promise to include more areas of the Terai, Dooars and the plains, has been allocated only five additional mouzas by the committee led by former chief justice of Allahabad high court Shyamal Sen. Of these, two are in Jalpaiguri and another three in Darjeeling district.The panel was formed soon after the GTA agreement was signed on July 18, 2011, to look into the scope of modifying its geographical boundary following the demand of the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) to include as many as 396 mouzas in Terai and Dooars including three mouzas of Rajganj near Siliguri.Going by the terms of reference set for the inclusion \u2014 contiguity of the area, compactness, homogeneity of the resident population, and ground level conditions \u2014 the panel chose Gorkha-dominated Samsingh and Chilouni mouzas in Jalpaiguri, Gulmakhari under Pradhannagar police station on the outskirts of Siliguri, Purba Karaibari under Naxalbari police station and M M Terai close to Bagdogra.The GJM isn't ready to settle for so little so late. \"We are taken aback with the decision. The Justice Shyamal Sen committee's proposals sound like a political one. Our party central committee will meet tomorrow (Sunday) to chart out our action plan,\" said GJM leader Harka Bahadur Chhetri.Calling the expert panel an \"independent body\" chief minister Mamata Banerjee said the government and all concerned should work together for peace and development of Darjeeling, Terai and Dooars.Funds will flow only after GTA formation: CMThe panel led by Justice Sen included representatives of the Centre, the state and four GJM members. However, both the state representatives and the GJM members could only place their views as they were interested parties.\"The committee submitted its report to the government on June 8,\" chief secretary Samar Ghosh said. When asked about its impact in the Hills, Ghosh referred to the resolution adopted by the chief minister and the GJM in the March 24 meeting at the Writers' Buildings where both sides resolved to accept the recommendations of the expert panel.When compared with the old DGHC set up, the expert panel's recommendation falls short of the total 17 mouzas in Terai that the Jyoti Basu government included in 1988.\"I have not gone through the report as yet. The chief secretary has gone through the report. We ask GJM to cooperate with us in letting the elections take place because funds will flow only after the GTA is formed. The GTA can't be formed without the elections. Once it is formed, we can all participate in the mammoth development activity that is the need of the hour,\" the chief minister said.Earlier in the day, the chief secretary explained the rationale of the expert panel.\"The 149 mouzas to the east of Jalpaiguri close to Bhutan do not meet the contiguity criterion. The 47 mouzas in between with more than 50% Gorkha population such as Paschim Totgaon, Purba Totgaon, Sundari Bustee have not been included because they didn't have direct connectivity to the GTA,\" Ghosh said.He also explained why Manabari, Patharjhora and Turibari mouzas couldn't be included because of their dependence on Odlabari.Similarly of the 190 mouzas in Darjeeling district, only 11 mouzas were Gorkha-dominated (more than 50 % population). \"Considering the ground-level situation and other factors, only three mouzas fulfil the criteria,\" the chief secretary said, adding, \"mouzas like Demali among the 11 have been left out because they have no link with the Hills and are entirely dependent on the plains of Bagdogra.\"Again, the Mechhi and Shiuba mouzas couldn't be included thanks to their proximity to the Nepal forest.Mouzas such as Mirjanglachhat and Karaibari, Chaupasarichat, Joramarichhat and Jadubektarchhar are surrounded by non-DGHC areas and thus, stand excluded, the chief secretary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13977836", "title": "Bisne-Shetty emerge champs in Indonesia", "text": "NAGPUR: Vaibhav Bisne and Chirag Shetty may have won several state titles -- together and individually -- but they will never forget Saturday's triumph in Indonesia.The 14-year-old duo of Bisne (Nagpur) and Shetty (Mumbai Suburban) made their month-long Indonesian advanced training camp a memorable one by emerging champions in the Yonex-Sunrise Doubles Badminton tournament in Jakarta.In the Boys Under-15 doubles final, the unseeded pair of Bisne and Shetty overpowered Dheva Anrimusthi and Rizky Adam of Indonesia 21-13, 23-21 in just 25 minutes.Bisne and Shetty, who also play together in the state tournament and are current state champions, began well and grabbed the first game in almost no time.However, the Indonesian pair bounced back and threatened to take the match into the third game with some brilliant display. But the Indian duo foiled the home team's comeback chances to clinch the second game at 23-21 to complete a remarkable achievement.The duo along with Lalita Katre of Mumbai was sent to Jakarta thanks to the joint initiative of Maharashtra Badminton Association (MBA) and Yonex. Since last year, MBA has been sending the most promising state shuttlers to Indonesia to improve their overall game.The champion duo received a cash prize of US $ 500 along with a glittering trophy.\"It is no mean achievement to triumph in a country like Indonesia where the standard is pretty high. It is an excellent news for Maharashtra badminton. They have surprised everyone by shocking several seeds including the top seeds in the semifinals on Friday. I hope they will continue their good performance in the forthcoming national circuit too,\" said MBA president Pradeep Gandhe.While Bisne is a student of senior Nagpur coach Kiran Makode, Shetty trains under Uday Pawar in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "music director devi sri prasad's chances of making to the audio launch of allu arjun's latest flick, julayi, scheduled to take place later in the evening. the charismatic music director is in singapore, getting back from the recently concluded iifa (indian international film awards). \"stuck in singapore airport since 6am this mrng..but till now the 9.15 am dint take off bcoz of tech prolms.. mite take off only at 7pm. ", "code": "14006322", "title": "Devi Sri stuck in Singapore", "text": "Music director Devi Sri Prasad's chances of making to the audio launch of Allu Arjun's latest flick, Julayi, scheduled to take place later in the evening. The charismatic music director is in Singapore, getting back from the recently concluded IIFA (Indian International Film Awards). \"Stuck in singapore airport since 6am this mrng..But till now the 9.15 am dint take off bcoz of tech prolms.. Mite take off only at 7pm. :-( \"JULAI\" audio launch this evng.. But am stuck in Singapore airport..No direct flite to hyd!! OMG!! Was eager to meet the Fans n hav fun. :-( \" Devi Sri Prasad posted on Twitter. Well live wire music director is supposed to perform at the music launch ceremony. Allu Arjun is playing the lead opposite Ileana in the movie. Trivikram Srinivas has directed the movie produced by N Radha Krishna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13981450", "title": "Severed limbs found on busy northwest Delhi street", "text": "New Delhi: After seven unidentified bodies were fished out of the Bawana canal in the past six days, several parts of a body were found packed in a gunny bag on a busy street at Keshavpuram in northwest Delhi on Saturday morning.The gunny bag, inside which the body parts were wrapped in a plastic bag, was found by people waiting for a bus near the C-2 block bus stand of the predominantly middle-class locality.Additional DCP (northwest) Romil Baaniya said, \"Only two legs were found. There were neither the head nor the torso.\" Sources claimed a hand, too, was recovered, but cops have denied it.Police sources said it was rare to find body parts in such open places. \"The whole idea of severing a body is to ensure the murderer never gets caught. But it seems a reverse case here. Going by the hair on the legs, it looks like a man's body but only a postmortem report can establish our initial findings. We have informed all police stations in NCR and are looking for the torso and the head,\" said an officer.Cops have also started looking into the list of persons gone missing from the neighbourhood. They are also probing the possible role of the parking mafia active in the area as the gunny bag was found near a parking lot, sources said. All incidents of recent brawls in the area are also been studied for clues. \"Our first aim is to try and find the other parts of the body and establish the identity of the victim,\" said Baaniya.According to Delhi Police's figures, 37,463 bodies have been found since 2007, up from 24,416 till last April. Of this, 24,769 could never be identified.dwaipayan.ghosh@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13980203", "title": "Election panel announces poll schedule", "text": "LUCKNOW: State Election Commission on Saturday announced the election schedule to all urban bodies in Kannauj, Ramabai Nagar, Auraiyya and Mathura districts of the state. According to election commission release, the district magistrates/district election officers will issue the notifications for these elections on June 11/June 12. The last date of filing nominations is June 18, while the last date of scrutiny is June 19. The candidates can withdraw their nominations by June 21. Symbols will be allotted to the candidates on June 22. Polling will be held on July 10 from 7 am to 6 pm and the counting would be on July 12 from 8 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13996354", "title": "Senior BSNL official arrested on bribe charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has arrested chief general manager of state-owned BSNL from a hotel in Kolkata for allegedly accepting a bribe from a cable supplier, CBI sources said here on Sunday.S K Satyarthi, CGM, BSNL Factory Circle, Kolkata, was arrested late on Saturday night while allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 3.25 lakh from the supplier, they said.Based on a complaint that the chief general manager was allegedly demanding a bribe for awarding a contract of cable supply, the CBI had laid down a trap at the hotel where the alleged exchange of money was to take place, they said.After getting a signal, the CBI team entered the hotel and arrested Satyarthi, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi/ mumbai", "code": "13979056", "title": "I prefer to stay in a hotel, says Sachin", "text": "NEW DELHI/ MUMBAI: A fine cricketing instinct, almost a sixth sense, has often seen Sachin Tendulkar leave a ball \u2014 something that has earned him plaudits from the game's pundits.But the cricket maestro could be in two minds over whether to play the delivery or opt for a \"well left\" with regard to the allotment of a large Lutyens bungalow near Rahul Gandhi's residence, as he is being advised that not accepting the accommodation might be read as his being non-serious about his duties as a parliamentarian.Tendulkar, who recently took oath as an RS member, has said he would rather stay in a hotel at his own expense than use a bungalow that will cost the public exchequer.While some feel Sachin Tendulkar has acted correctly by refusing to stay at a large Lutyens bungalow allotted to him as an MP, others have been trying to tell the star that opting for a hotel will be seen as an indication that he will be only an itinerant visitor, just like many other celebrities nominated before him by the President to the Upper House.While Tendulkar is being offered a surfeit of advice, former Bollywood star Rekha is likely to opt for a secluded bungalow at 15, Balwant Rai Mehta lane, off Kasturba Gandhi Marg in central Delhi, not far from Connaught Place. The bungalow was occupied by BJP's Ramdas Aggarwal, who is to vacate it soon. She is understood to be keen on inspecting it once before accepting the bungalow.Sources said no special considerations were at work in offering large bungalows for either, as RS members nominated by the President are entitled to type VII accommodation rather than the smaller flats given to first time MPs.In Tendulkar's case, the security of the icon, who was once on Lashkar's hit list, is an added concern. \"There is no need for Tendulkar to feel that he has been done a favour and is costing the government,\" the source said. In an interview, Tendulkar said it would be a waste of the taxpayers' money if he were to move into a government residence.\"I'm not keen on blocking a government bungalow because this would be a waste of tax-payers' money as I reside in Mumbai. It would be better if the bungalow is allotted to someone else who needs it more than me,\" he said in a statement to TOI.\"I would prefer to stay in a hotel in Delhi at my own expense when I am on official work. For me, the honour of being a RS MP matters most.\" Tendulkar, who took an oath as MP on June 4 after being nominated in RS last month, was allotted a spacious five-bedroom bungalow at 5, Tughlaq Lane, opposite Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi's house.There are rumours that the bungalow is jinxed as its previous occupants, former Delhi chief minister Sahib Singh Verma and former Haryana CM Bansi Lal's son Surender Singh died while being its occupants. Singh died in a helicopter crash in 2005 while Verma died in a car crash in June, 2007. Tendulkar dismissed such talk, saying, \"I will be attending a few days of Parliament in every session and will be busy with cricket at other times. So it doesn't make sense blocking the bungalow.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13984922", "title": "Bangalore University imbroglio: Varsity departments join hands against VC", "text": "BANGALORE: The anti-VC groups from all sections in Bangalore University have taken fight against vice-chancellor N Prabhu Dev to a new level. The groups - from syndicate, academic council, teaching and non-teaching staff and students - have formed a Joint Action Committee with an aim to dethrone Prabhu Dev from the post.The groups, each of them having their own set of grievances, have till now been fighting against him in individual groups. Speaking to reporters on Saturday, the committee members said they have submitted a memorandum to the chief minister and governor to replace him.Even when the Bangalore University Teachers Council (BUTC) was being represented at the Saturday meeting by its president Munirajappa, the vice-chancellor was readying a letter constituting an election officer to conduct fresh round of elections to the body.\"The existing BUTC is not legally constituted or an elected body. Its present office-bearers are not duly elected and are self-styled . Hence they have no locus-standi to function or conduct any deliberations or correspondence with the university or anybody connected with it. All teaching faculty are to ignore the circulars or any communications issued by Munirajappa and M Ramachandra Gowda as president and secretary respectively,\" the circular said. When asked about the move from the staff members, the VC said: \"There is no question of stepping down. They are only a few people, why should I step down for them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13976995", "title": "World Superbike series heads to India", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is fast becoming a major motorsports destination with the World Superbike (WSBK) series now joining the list. After the success of the inaugural Indian Grand Prix last year, FIA GT1 series have decided to hold their first race at the Buddh International Circuit (BIC) in Greater Noida in December this year. Now Superbike series confirmed their interest in holding a race at the BIC on March 9-10 next year.The championship, founded in 1988, boasts some of the biggest names in the biking world like former MotoGP race winners Max Biaggi , Carlos Checa and Marco Melandri . There are currently seven manufacturers taking part in the Superbike Championships -- Ducati , BMW, Aprilia, Honda, Kawasaki, Suzuki and Yamaha.\"We are extremely happy to announce that besides holding the Formula One and FIA GT1 motor racing series, we will also hold a thrilling motorcycle race. There are many fans in India passionate about their bikes. I am sure they would love to watch some of their favourite rider competing against each other here at their own world-class racing circuit,\" JPSI MD and CEO Sameer Gaur said here.JPSI, the owners of BIC, have signed a four-year contract with the WSBK organizers. \"We have been speaking to both WSBK as well as MotoGP organizers for a while now. The former was more keen on coming to India and finalized the deal,\" JPSI vice-president Askari H. Zaidi told TOI on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13983200", "title": "Fill up, save water for dry week ahead", "text": "BANGALORE: With taps to run dry from Tuesday to Thursday, Bangaloreans had better fill up buckets and containers to tide over the water crisis next week. Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board (BWSSB) has announced that it will cut off water supply across the city on these three days.While those with borewells and rain water harvesting systems in place do not have much to worry about, it is people who depend on Cauvery water who will have to use water carefully. With Cauvery water being supplied on alternate days, areas that get water on Sunday may have to factor in an additional dry day.Those who hope that tankers will come to their rescue may also be disappointed, as private operators are bound to be booked up in advance. Many operators claim that they may themselves not have enough water to last them through the three days.The BWSSB says it is fixing the power connection for Cauvery Water Supply Scheme (CWSS) Stage 4 Phase 2, which is nearing completion. The project is commissioned to supply 500 MLD to Bangalore by July-end , and most of the civil works are over. The water service provider claims that the work cannot be done in phases, which is why the city will go dry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13982154", "title": "MoEF move on GM crops provokes massive protests", "text": "NEW DELHI: The environment ministry's Genetic Engineering Approval Committee \u2014 meant to regulate GM crop release \u2014 has been hit with a storm of protest from the state governments and activists for stepping out of its domain to promote the cause of project developers with the state governments instead of merely assessing the scientific safety of the proposals they recieve.Approvals from the GEAC are mandatory for any field trials or release of GM crops by project developers.But more than a year back, several states had objected to GM crop developers \u2014 especially those experimenting inwith food crops \u2014 starting experiments in their fields without the knowledge or permission of state governments. With agriculture being a state subject under the Constitution, the ministry altered its rules, making it mandatory for GM crop promoters to seek no-objection certificates from the state governments before launching experiments even if the GEAC had granted permission to do so.With several state governments wary of the impact of GM food crops on the farmers and fields in their domain, such certificates became hard to come by for the proponents of the technology. States such as Tamil Nadu, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and West Bengal refused trials based on precautionary principles and lack of clear scientific evidence about safety.Several of the GM crop developers came back to the GEAC demanding that it extend the agreed upon periods of experiments or to give them an open license to experiment in which ever suitable state they got the nod to operate in. In parallel they asked the GEAC to prod the state governments to process the NOCs in their favour. The GEAC was also approached by the seed industries, the Union ministry of agriculture its Review Committee on Genetic Manipulation (RCGM) to remove the precondition for the final nod from state governments.Though the GEAC or the environment ministry did not overrule its earlier condition of seeking nod from the state governments, the minutes of the GEAC meetings show, it began peddling the case of the GM developers to secure NOCs from the states.The GEAC decided to hold \"dialogue\" with state governments. In what several state governments have complained is a patronizing view, the GEAC said that the issue of non issuance of NOC by the state governments is mainly due to lack of clarity on the role of state governments lack of awareness on highly technical issues associated with biotechnology and biosafety measures.\"Pushing its mandate even further the GEAC suggested that states should accept the GEAC expert view at face value and look at only monitoring the experiments. It even offered to 'sensitise' the state government officials at the annual Kharif conference in February 2012, noting that their \"presentation would essentially encompass the comprehensive GEAC process for biosafety assessment, the safety measures prescribed during field trials, compliance of guidelines for GM crop field trials, the reason for introducing NOC and the expected role of state governments with respect to compliance monitoring and issuance of NOC.\"In a particular case in April where the Rajasthan government cancelled the NOC it had earlier given for trials of GM mustard trials by Delhi University the GEAC stepped in to criticize the state government on record. Berating the decision of the state government, it said, \"This does not appear to be a good enough reason to withdraw NOC at this late stage... As far as the instant case is concerned, the field trials which were coming to a closure may be allowed to be completed.\"Stepping on toes of the states and dismissing concerns for a lack of clarity and use of precautionary principle, the GEAC said, \"The Committee opined that decision of the State Government of Rajasthan is rather arbitrary as the direction for withdrawal does not state any proof of harm or non compliance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13982871", "title": "Graduates\u2019 constituency polls: Urban expert vs 5-term veteran", "text": "BANGALORE: Among the six legislative council constituencies going to polls on Sunday, the Bangalore Graduates' constituency has evoked interest as the contest is between an urban expert trying to get into politics and a five-term veteran doing his best to retain the seat.Bangalore urban, rural and Ramanagaram districts constitute the Bangalore Graduates' constituency. The campaign has been unique here with urban expert Ashwin Mahesh of Loksatta getting the support of former Lokayukta Justice Santosh N Hegde, IT professionals, academicians among others. Taking on him is outgoing MLC Ramachandra Gowda of the BJP who has been winning the seat for the last five terms with JD(S) A Deve Gowda and Left parties-supported KS Lakshmi being the other contestants.Polls to the six seats set the pace for elections to the 11 council seats from the legislative assembly on Monday which has the Congress in a bind as it needs five surplus votes to get its candidate elected. Counting of votes for the six council seats will be held on June 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13977970", "title": "Institute of Maternity and Child Health to get advanced oncology division", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Institute of Maternity and Child Health (IMCH) will set up advanced oncology division in a month.The division would be able to provide advanced treatment in gynecologic cancer such as uterine, vaginal, vulvar, ovarian and cervical cancer.The Kozhikode Medical College Hospital authorities have already given order to purchase the 4D scanning machine to detect cancer diseases.The sophisticated 4D scanner will be installed with an estimated cost of Rs24 lakh. The fund to purchase the scanner was allotted by the Hospital Development Committee (HDC) and Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana (RSBY) of the Central government.The HDC has also allotted Rs1 lakh to purchase surgical equipment at the oncology centre to conduct surgery. The IMCH at present has three departments -- gynecology, pediatric and pediatric surgery.IMCH superintendent Dr C Sreekumar said a team led by gynecology head, oncology head and radiotherapy head will select the beneficiaries of the surgery and other costly treatment.\"We already have a theatre and we just need some surgical equipment to perform the surgery,\" said Sreekumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13998095", "title": "Dhoni tells me not to cross the line of aggression: Kohli", "text": "NEW DELHI: Virat Kohli's on-field aggression has been the topic of discussion in the cricket fraternity but the India vice-captain is working hard on changing his attitude with words of wisdom from his skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni .\"I have been speaking to MS (Dhoni) a lot about it. He is one who doesn't sink or go above that line. He is someone who is always around that calm line. It is important to learn such things from such important people.\"He keeps telling me that once I stay around that line I would keep improving as a cricketer. Once that graph goes too much above or drops you end up putting yourself under pressure,\" Kohli said on Sunday.Asked whether vice-captaincy has made him more conscious, he stated, \"When I became vice-captain, people around me told me that I need to change my aggression. Because people are watching me more and I need to change my aggressive attitude.\"You learn with time. Initially, I reacted in a way I shouldn't have. When I look back now...it was not natural. The build-up and the pressure or the special occasions make it tough to control the aggression.\"Call him a senior batsman in the team, and the 23-year-old retorts, \"Please, I am not a senior batsman in this team. Good performances in a mere couple of seasons don't make anyone a senior batsman. A person becomes senior batsman when he has performed consistently for six or seven years.\"By his own admission, Virat had put a lot of pressure on himself prior to the IPL after a great international season.\"To be honest, I was feeling the pressure more during the first half of IPL. I thought that I have set certain standards and I have to live up to it. It shifted me away from game plan. Latter half (of IPL), I was back on track.\"I am happy that it happened soon, I was able to realise that and able to learn from it. It is important you need to know your mindset and how to meet the expectations regardless of whether you are in or out of the team.\"Asked if he is under extra pressure with Rahul Dravid's retirement opening the door for another youngster among the likes of Cheteshwar Pujara , Rohit Sharma or Ajinkya Rahane in the Test XI, Kohli said, \"It's impossible to match consistency of someone like Rahul bhai. But I thrive in pressure situations. If there isn't pressure, there is isn't any fun.\"\"I like challenges. You look to improve in areas that you wouldn't have thought before. I don't pay attention to comparisons. Six or seven of us are there who will all be playing for India for a long time. Among the lot I will leave Rohit out as he is way talented among the lot. I know we will all be colleagues in the Indian team in near future.\"Kohli felt that 10 Tests at home will give the new-look middle-order time to settle down before they play overseas.\"It's a good thing that we will play at home. Remember England and Australia beat us in their backyard. I can site my example. Before Tests in Australia, I had played against West Indies and got a few runs, it boosted my confidence.\"And what was it that he did differently in Australia, Kohli replied with a wry smile, \"I stopped reading the newspapers. In the first two matches, I was getting influenced by what all was being written and said about me. Criticism is natural when you are not doing well.\"I just blocked that out of my system. I started believing in myself. I kept telling myself that I had 8 ODI hundreds and that can't be fluke. I am good enough to do well at this level. I was in a zone and I played in a manner I wanted to. I didn't try and copy someone else.\"According to Kohli, Peter Siddle and Ben Hilfenhaus are the two best pacers he has played against, with Sunil Narine and Saeed Ajmal being the two most difficult spinners to face.Since there isn't any chance to play the longer version of the game before the New Zealand Test series, Kohli said that he is going to increase his batting time at the nets.\"We will have some practice games. Even if we don't have, I am sure to increase the hours I put in at the nets. I will be batting for at least three hours. Each individual has his own way of preparing. I will again be starting from zero and would like to improve as a batsman,\" he concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13993064", "title": "Salman Khurshid targets Team Anna after Kiran Bedi attacks PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Law minister Salman Khurshid has hit out at members of Team Anna accusing them of getting personal and undemocratic in their fight against coruption.With Team Anna member Kiran Bedi attacking Prime Minister Manmohan Singh once again, Khurshid said there are many questions which the anti-corruption crusaders also need to answer.Hitting out at Team Anna, law minister said, \"How come they never asked for a probe against themselves? We are at least subject to public scrutiny. We are willing for any public scrutiny. As you can see, the government has its own methods of keeping a check on what is happening in the country. But, I have not heard Team Anna ever having said we are willing for a probe.\"He said the anti-coruption movement had started in the right direction but has now become personal.\"We all felt that they started off with a good idea, idea of containing corruption and questioning corruption was a good idea, but today they are doing the greatest disservice to this good idea by converting it into a personal campaign and a personal ambition. I will quite confidently say that the country will give them a suitable answer when the time comes,\" Khurshid said.\"I will quite confidently say that the country will give them a suitable answer when the time comes,\" the law minister said.Earlier, Team Anna member Kiran Bedi invoked Mahabharata to attack Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in the alleged irregularities in the coal block allocation.\"PMO clears Prime Minister. Did Dhritarashtra in Mahabharata not support Kauravas even after they attempted to disrobe Draupadi? Indian genes/culture? or?,\" Bedi tweeted.She said Team Anna is focussed on the party in power at the Centre because it alone can give an effective central law not opposition.Her remarks came after Prime Ministers Office wrote a letter to Anna Hazare rejecting their demands for setting up a Special Investigation Team to probe corruption allegations against Singh and his 14 Cabinet colleagues and setting up special fast-track courts for trying MPs accused of corruption.Bedi had said yesterday that the letter to Hazare was \"wishy-washy\".\"PMO's letter to Anna ji on allegations made on PM and 14 ministers is absolutely wishy-washy,\" she had said.After the PMO's letter, Team Anna has said it will go ahead with the indefinite fast from July 25 as planned.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13986627", "title": "\u2018Give us a break\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fewer classes, lesser book load and lots of extra curricular activities are some of the demands of city students from the new academic year. They also demand more open spaces in the city to help them step outdoors. Teachers and academics have a different wish list as they say the most important thing in the new academic year should be uninterrupted, citing the series of bandhs the city witnessed in the last academic year.In response to The Times of India's Hyderabad for Kids campaign, children have said they are tired of their academic-driven schedules in school and would like a lighter routine. However, most of them said they were excited about going back to school after a rather lazy summer break.\"My school is reopening on June 11 and I am ready with all the things I need for the new session. School reopening is exciting because I will get to meet my friends. Though it is not really fun time for any child but we are all prepared for a new beginning,\" said a student, Sai Yathin, in response to the TOI query for children about what children wanted from the new a c a d e m i c year. However, other students made pointed observations on all that is missing from their academic life and said these things need to be checked. Misbah Rafi Farooqui, another student had a list of suggestions for both the state government and the school.\"I would like to see some changes in this academic year. The state government should provide colorful textbooks to make them attractive to students, the school timings should not exceed six hours, an activity period should be conducted every alternate day and every school should provide lockers to its students.\"The emphasis on education and preparing early for the important board exams or competitive entrance tests has students pining for low-stress, more-activity oriented education. Anoushka, a student wrote to TOI that she wanted more extra curricular activities along with studies even as Ashini Mathur hoped that schools would so something to ensure that she doesn't have to lug around her heavy bag. She equated children being made to carry heavy bags as equivalent to child labour.\"We in long run we students will face lot of medical problems. On one side the government is banning child labour, and on another students are being forced to carry such heavy bags on their shoulders,\" she said. Mathur went on offer a solution. \"The book load should reduced and also our work load,\" she said, adding that there should be fewer subject classes.\"There should be only three or four periods in a day and this will reduce the book load also our work load. It will also help the teacher to complete the lesson and also give question and answers on the lesson taught,\"Ashini Mathur wrote. Many students pointed out the missing open spaces in schools and outside and how the new academic year should focus on outdoors. The teachers who responded to TOI's query on their wish list had practical issues to be sorted. \"As an academician, I would want no interruptions in the curriculum on account of bandh etc. Secondly I look forward to the government taking some initiative in free schooling for unprivileged and improving the quality of the government schools,\" wrote Shashikala.Another academic Saarth, said, \"I'd like to see a complete overhaul of the education system, where rote memorization is not the only criteria for academics. More practical and real life education is necessary. What is also needed is to promote creativity and innovative thinking system. Its time we stopped using our education system to mass produce wage slaves and instead produce real rational thinking human beings out of it.\" Out of the box thinking was the tenor of other responses too. One of them, Chanchal, said, \"There should be some changes in the campus and classrooms. New classrooms should be equipped with colorful and attractive wallpapers. Well dressed children with new books are necessary because it inculcates a good idea in the start. A good beginning always has a well journey.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13980581", "title": "Post mortem report shows Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui died of asphyxia", "text": "PUNE: The post-mortem report of Indian Mujahideen operative Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui says he died because of asphyxia due to ligation strangulation. Aberration marks were also found on his chest, it added.Siddiqui's post mortem (PM) was conducted by Amol Shinde, associate professor at B J Medical college at 8.30 am on Saturday. His viscera has been preserved for chemical analysis. Officials at the government-run Sassoon General Hospital said that the post mortem was conducted in the presence of tehsildar R S Hawal and a video shoot of the entire process was done as it was a sensitive case. The body was taken back to the morgue after the post mortem.The body was sent to the hospital from Yerawada Central Jail at 8.10 pm on Friday after an inquest panchnama was conducted by a tehsildar where the ambulance arrived at 8.45 pm. \"The body was handed over to Sassoon hospital authorities. Since post mortems are usually not done at night, the body was kept in the morgue till Saturday morning,\" sources said.Police officials from Yerawada police station requested officials at the hospital to keep the body at the morgue till Siddiqui's relatives arrived to claim it.Meanwhile, security at hospital was tight on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13999633", "title": "Ankola obscene party: 8 accused from Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: Of the 14 persons who were arrested at the Honey (Honne) Beach Resort of Honnebail village in Ankola taluk, eight persons are from the city and Gurupur-Kaikamba area, which is 20 kms from the city.They were booked under IPC Section 294, which pertain to causing annoyance to others and obscene act in public places. As this is a bailable and non cognizable offence, they have been released on bail.Ankola police inspector Vijayaprakash told TOI the accused were businessman and they had come there for the party. We have not investigated whether they had come earlier. They may come earlier too when there were parties held,'' said the police official.The four women, who had been arrested and released on bail, have been identified as Sudha Raju Kolavi (23) of Bagalkot, Deepa Arun Hiremath (34) of Hubli, and Nepal nationals Sushma Tejanarayan Subba (21) ands Roji Lal Bahaddur Hamala (24) both hailing from Katmandu. The inspector said the women were party of the orchestra and they had come there as part of the band.When Ankola police raided the resort close to mid night on Saturday, they had found four semi nude women dancing to English music. Eight others who were present there had been throwing the currency notes at the dancing women. Other two persons who had arranged the party were also arrested.The arrested are: Raja Kumar Shetty (42), Sandeep Balakrishna Shetty (35), Sachin Balakrishna Shetty (31), Areef Inayatullah (38), Yashwant Poojary (38), Harish Shetty (42) Madhu Venkappa Shetty (37) and Vinod Bhagwandas Mada (45) all residents of Mangalore. Police also arrested Venkataraman Nayak and Harish Nayak local organizers of the party.Police seized Rs 1.23 lakh and 10 mobile phones, three cars and the sound systems from the spot. Police sources said that they had raided the place based on a tip off that there was a rave party. We have not found any evidence that a rave party was being held as we did not find any narcotic substance. We have video evidence also to substantiate it. We have booked them as there was obscene dance going on at that time,'' said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13985513", "title": "Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority rental flats scheme for Nagpur sought", "text": "NAGPUR: City MP and AICC general secretary Vilas Muttemwar has urged chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to consider for Nagpur a Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) scheme of providing small flats on rent for those who cannot afford to buy houses.In a letter written to him on June 5, Muttemwar said the city was among the fastest growing in the country. As per one projection, it is estimated that the city's population which is around 30 lakhs now would grow to 50 lakhs by 2020. With avenues of employment increasing because of ambitious projects like Mihan and speedy industrialization, the influx of migrating labour from rural areas to the city would only create further problems of housing.\"Already on account of lack of choice in terms of affordable housing, a large section people in the city are forced to live in slums and substandard housing. The state government needs to play a proactive role in absorbing this fresh influx and take effective steps to stimulate growth,\" said Muttemwar.He also pointed out that the state government has implemented a Mhada scheme in Greater Mumbai areas of Thane and Vashi by constructing small flats on mass scale to be rented out at affordable rates to the needy. Muttemwar has urged Chavan to consider a similar Mhada scheme for Nagpur in order to discourage people from setting up new slums. The city needs at least 50,000 such small dwellings to cater to the housing needs of the low income groups, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13998292", "title": "Teachers lured through liquor parties", "text": "MYSORE: It is easier to talk and blame, but it would be tough to remain virtuous . In general elections reportedly voters particularly hailing from lower strata of the society and poor are blamed and criticized of selling their votes for money and liquor.But voters in the elections to the legislative council from the teachers constituency seem to be no exception. In the election to council from South teachers constituency candidates of three major contending parties , Congress, BJP and JDS never lagged behind in luring the voters.Liquor parties became a common phenomenon in the elections with candidates competing with each other to hoist the parties. Clubs, dhabas and bars and restaurants did a roaring business and were filled with the voters .Even farm houses of politicians and community halls did not remain out of the purview of these night parties where liquor of all brands were supplied.For instance a liquor party at a farm house owned by a legislator on Thursday was attended by more than 1500 people and according to sources more than 500 bottles of branded liquor was consumed , though the teacher voters numbers in the taluk does not cross 600 mark.On Friday, a candidate hoisted the liquor party at a community hall in the busy Sharadadevi Nagar area of the city much to chagrin of the residents who were upset by the nuisance caused by attendants .City's club where many of the politicians and businessmen are members was abuzz with teacher voters for the last fifteen days with a candidate of a national party making arrangements to supply liquor and non-vegetarian food to all sundry who come to the club claiming that they are \" teacher voters\" .If this was the take of the candidates in hosting liquor parties, constituency comprising of Hassan, Mysore , Chamarajnagar and Mandya districts was agog with rumors that a candidate has distributed cell phones to voters, it was also said that teachers were being offered money in lieu of their votes .However this brazen violation of election code and rules missed the hawk eye of the election authorities . Ramesh ( name changed) a degree college teacher from city and who unsuccessfully contested this election once in the past said not only he even many of his friends were ashamed of teachers attending such liquor parties. \" What is the difference between educated voters and the illiterate voters from rural areas?\" he asked , adding that this has showed that degradation of values is not restricted to a particular group or people.When contacted DC P S Vastrad who is also assistant returning officer claimed that it is a tough task to catch the candidates who are violating the elections rules. As voters are a small group geographically distributed over four districts it is not easy to trace them, he said , pointing out that despite all efforts by him and keeping a strict vigil on the activities of contestants they were unable to trace the places of such parties or distribution of freebies and liquor to voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13984091", "title": "Jab to delay onset of Alzheimer's found", "text": "LONDON: A vaccine that could cut cases of Alzheimer's by half has been discovered. The jab, developed by Swedish scientists , claims to delay the onset of the debilitating disease and could be the first step towards finding a cure.Alzheimer's is the most common form of dementia and attacks nerves, brain cells and neurotransmitters that carry messages to and from the brain and in India, the cases run into thousands.The vaccine, known as CAD106, helps patients create protective antibodies to defend against deposits that develop in the brain of sufferers, the Daily Mail reported.Scientists, according to the Daily Mail, hope the vaccine can delay the onset of Alzheimer's disease by five years. Researchers from Karolinska Institute in Sweden and from the Swedish Brain Power Network have claimed that their discovery could help people with mild to moderate versions of Alzheimer's .They found no serious side effects during the tests, which took place over three years on people aged between 50 and 80.One in 14 people over 65 years old is affected by the disease , according to the Alzheimer's Society. The risks increase with age, with around one in six people over 80 years old developing the condition. According to the World Health Organization , dementia is currently the fastest growing global health epidemic.Alzheimer's is caused by amyloid precursor protein (APP), a protein that resides in outer membrane of nerve cells, which instead of being broken down, forms a harmful substance called beta-amyloid , accumulating as plaques and killing brain cells.Experts found that 80% of patients in the trials developed their own protective antibodies against beta-amyloid without suffering any side-effects over the three years of the study, the journal Lancet Neurology reports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13986788", "title": "Aanchal, Priyanka top Panjab University in Bachelor of Computer Application-I", "text": "LUDHIANA: Saturday was a red letter day for Aanchal Gaba and her classmate Priyanka Ghai as they were declared toppers of Panjab University (PU) in BCA-I, taking the first and second ranks, respectively.Students of Devki Devi Jain College for Women, Kidwai Nagar, Aanchal has scored 82.3% while Priyanka got 82.2%. The results were declared on Thursday but the marks reached the college on Saturday.Daughter of a businessman from New Madhopuri, Aanchal attributed her success to hard work and self study. ''I got the great news when I went to college on Saturday morning. Though the result was declared on Thursday evening we did not know our marks till now. My parents and teachers have helped me tremendously to reach this level. I didn't take tuitions and instead made it a habit to study for about two hours every day,'' said Aanchal, who aspires to do MCA from PU and pursue a career in software engineering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13987632", "title": "Students, parents flock to Ranchi University college counters", "text": "Ranchi: As the admission procedure for undergraduate courses commenced in colleges of Ranchi University, students and parents have been flocking to various college admission counters in the city.Ranchi College principal A N Ojha said, \"We will be deciding the cut off only after we see the marks of the students who have applied for admission. If many students do not have good marks, we will keep the cut off percentage low.\" Ranchi College offers undergraduate courses in science and arts and the admission forms will be available till June 20. The price of each form is Rs 150. Apart from the regular courses, the college also offers many vocational courses.The admission form for St. Xavier's College will be available online till June 14. The admission in various courses will be on the basis of admission tests which will be conducted from June 18 to June 25.Ranchi Women's College, which is the most popular college among girls, will be giving out the forms till June 15. Ranchi Women's College principal Zeenat Kausar said, \"The forms are available at Rs150 for general category and Rs100 for students of SC/ST category. We have received quite a large number of applications for vocational courses, especially fashion designing.\"Admission forms will be available at Marwari College from June 12. Marwari College principal Manju Sinha said, \"Our college is more popular for vocational courses and we offer over a dozen such courses. Students from outside Ranchi also come to take admission in vocational courses here.\"Admission procedure in other colleges like J N College, Gossener College, Nirmala College, Sanjay Gandhi Memorial College and SS Memorial College are also in process.The students and their parents are having a hectic time visiting the various colleges as the last date for submission of forms approaches. Manik, a student, said: \"This is the most hectic time for us as we have to fill forms for all the colleges given that we're not sure if we will get admission in the college of our preference. Thus, our days are being spent running from one college to another.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new lajpat nagar", "code": "13986785", "title": "Her heart beats for India from a thousand miles away", "text": "NEW LAJPAT NAGAR: The longest stretch that 18-year-old Ratna Gill - born and brought up in Washington DC , USA - has stayed in India is a couple of months. India has been the holiday spot where this young NRI spent her summer vacations with her grandmother and yet it is also the home her heart beats for.Playing teacher to the servants' kids in her grandmother's courtyard in New Lajpat Nagar while on holiday from the US, Ratna harboured a desire to help educate underprivileged children in her homeland. And four years ago, when she was only 14 years old, Ratna followed her conviction to open a school - Gyaan Ghar - for such children.''The idea of providing education to underprivileged children occurred to me when I was in Class VIII. On my visits to India, I used to play with the servants' kids and sensed how important education is for them,'' said Ratna.She is emphatic that it was no easy job opening a school some thousand miles away from where she lived. The first big task was to share her dream and convince her father, who is working with World Bank , and her mother, a real estate agent, that she could manage a responsibility as big as running a school.''Then there were issues like where I should open it. With some perseverance, both hurdles were overcome. My grandmother Amrit Kaur Gill gave me full support and told me to start the school at her home. My parents too joined my dream and in 2008, I was able to start Gyaan Ghar with 20 students from Malwa Khalsa School,'' said Ratna, who is now in Harvard University .In four years, the number of students has grown to 56 and the school has three teachers too. Ratna said students come to them after regular school and they help them revise their syllabus and also organize extracurricular activities for them.Ratna also raised her own funds for the project. ''I was then in school where students were allowed to submit a proposal to host a fundraiser. It used to be a competitive process but with the help of my friends , Gyaan Ghar was selected three years in a row and students contributed $5 each for its functioning. I used to send the money to my grandmother to provide for the school,'' she said. But now that she has joined university, Ratna is concerned about how she will raise funds.''I will have to think of new ways. I do have some ideas like arranging a musical fundraiser in the US with famous guitarist Melvin Taylor playing and me singing. People have been donating too. Recently, one family from my school donated $1,000 for Gyaan Ghar,'' she added.She is clear that it is a project that she will not let die. ''I can see the students grow and mature.One of my students, who is only nine years old, was telling me about how God always grants her anything she prays for. When I remarked that she is lucky that God loves her so much, she instantly responded saying, 'No, didi, God loves everyone a lot','' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13996089", "title": "Rob Cohen to pen Sir Isaac Newton action flick", "text": "Hollywood director Rob Cohen is set to write a screenplay for an action movie in which Sir Isaac Newton will be portrayed as a detective and head of the British Mint.Cohen, 63, has partnered with producer Gene Kirkwood, who executive produced Rocky back in 1976, to develop a franchise based on Newton, the historical figure that is known for his work in the fields of physics and mathematics.Newly launched entertainment banner BiteSize Entertainment, described as a multiplatform studio, is behind the project and made the announcement.Cohen will also will oversee the design of a graphic novel based on the script.\"I've wanted to work with Gene since we first met when I was at Motown in 1975,\" the Hollywood Reporter quoted Cohen as saying.\"He was Interested in Billy Dee Williams to play Apollo Creed in Rocky . That didn't work out, but I never forgot his intense belief in an unknown actor and his brilliant script. He had and still has vision,\" he added.Kirkwood also commented on how he is looking forward to working with the director.\"We see this as a real opportunity to redefine the concept from day one, using multiple channels and outlets to more creatively develop and extend the characters and storyline while generating huge excitement in advance of the theatrical release,\" he said.Cohen, whose credits include The Fast and the Furious and The Mummy 3: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor , recently wrapped production on 'Alex Cross', which stars Tyler Perry and Matthew Fox . Summit/Lionsgate is releasing the movie October 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13982288", "title": "Margao municipal council in a quandary over use of golden jubilee fund", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao municipal council (MMC) is facing a dearth of ideas over how to utilize the 3 crore 'golden jubilee package' received by it from the government meant for creating signature infrastructure and development projects in the city.The government in October 2011 had released one-time golden jubilee grants to 13 municipal councils and the corporation of the city of Panaji (CCP) on the occasion of the golden jubilee celebration of Goa's liberation.Seven months later, the MMC has been unable to identify a single project for which the funds could be used. With a view to exchange ideas and deliberate over the issue threadbare, a special meeting of the MMC has been convened on June 11. The meeting is likely to witness city fathers brainstorming over the issue.The MMC has also sent invitations to the Margao MLA and ex-chief minister, Digambar Kamat, and Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai to attend the meeting.It may be recalled that Kamat, the then chief minister, at a meeting he held with MMC last year, had suggested that a multi-storey parking project could be identified as a suitable project for the city as a \"state's golden jubilee gift\".While releasing the grants, Kamat had urged the councillors of all the 14 civic bodies of the state to utilize the grants in creating an asset that would prove to be a regular and reliable source of revenue generation. \"Be creative and identify a project that will prove to be an asset for the city and also fetch you some permanent revenue that will enable your council to stand on its own feet. Don't waste the funds on ordinary things. I wish that at least one council should become self-sufficient in generating funds for development requirements,\" Kamat had then said.Nevertheless, some of the councillors are of the opinion that recreation parks or jogging tracks be made in each ward to utilize these grants. However, the idea runs contrary to the very purpose for which the grants were conceptualized - to enable civic bodies to create signature infrastructure development project that would make them self reliant.MMC chief officer J B Bhingui, when contacted, said: \"The meeting is expected to share ideas among the members of the council which will help us identify the project for utilization of the grants.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13987511", "title": "Temperature rises again, crosses 40 degrees Celsius in Kanpur", "text": "Kanpur: After experiencing a remarkable dip in maximum temperature in past few days, the clear sky once again gave a sudden rise to mercury mark on Saturday. The day temperature once again crossed 40 degrees which made the weekend hot and sultry for the denizens.The low humidity added to the woes of the commuters. The fast moving hot westerly wind in the form of loo made the lives miserable.The maximum temperature recorded on Saturday was 42.4 degree celsius. This was nearly one degree higher than the previous day. The minimum temperature took a dip of approximately, three degrees and set at 24 degrees. The humidity recorded during the day hours was 40% which further reduced to 20% during afternoon.\"The weather is too hot today and it was difficult to step out of home even in the morning hours,\" said Shikha a bank official.This was not the only case as the queue in-front of the cola and ice-cream shops was quiet long. People were trying every possible way to get cool in the scorching heat.According to the predictions of met department of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture And Technology, the temperature and atmospheric conditions will remain the same for a day or two.The weather scientists have also predicted for the isolated rains across the region which might will increase the moisture content in the atmosphere.The met experts also predicted that the first monsoon showers may lash in the city somewhere between June 25 to 30. Before that, the fluctuating trend of mercury will remain consistent.\"The temperature will soon once again touch the mark of 45 degrees, before the arrival of monsoon in the region. Before that city may witness incandescent rains and cloudy weather but no permanent respite is their for the locals before rains season,\" said Anirudh Dubey, meteorologist at CSA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13981557", "title": "Executive held for harassing subordinate", "text": "Gurgaon: An executive of a well-known insurance company has been arrested on charges of abusing and harassing a female colleague. The man had allegedly been troubling the woman for the past few months and had also tried to force the woman to marry him. According to the police, the woman, a native of Chandigarh, currently living in Gurgaon, has been working with Birla Sunlife Insurance Company's DLF-II branch. On Friday, she filed a complaint with the city police alleging that her superior at work had harassed her in public. According to the complainant, the man blocked her way while she was walking along New Railway Road on Friday and tried to force her to get into his car. He even threatened to kill her if she refused to marry him. At that point the woman called the police and they reached the spot and arrested the executive for questioning. The accused spent the night in police custody and an FIR was lodged against him. On Saturday morning, the police produced the accused before a city court and he has been sent to 14 days' judicial custody. Apparently, the man is already married and has a four-year-old daughter. The accused and the complainant have been working in the same firm for the past four years and the victim has alleged that he has been harassing her for over nine months now. She further alleged that he had visited her house recently and made a scene. She added that she had not taken action against him earlier as she was afraid of the consequences.Rajendra Singh, SHO, city police station, said, \"If the accused troubles her again, we will give her protection.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13982357", "title": "'A mayor need not have a godfather'", "text": "On the eve of the first anniversary of MCG polls, councillor Nisha Singh gets candid.What should have been done in the last one year? Mayor and his team, jointly with the commissioner and other senior officials, should set the priorities right. Since this has not been done, we don't have a clear idea of what is going on and what to expect.What has been achieved %so far? On the development front, MCG has completed many projects of road construction, sewerage connectivity, community center building and so on. The pace of execution of these projects has increased. The councillors are constantly following up with the executive to push projects in their wards and that has kept the executive on its toes. However, since this work is done in an ad-hoc manner, it not only makes up for inefficient use of resources, but also lacks complete solution. Hence, it is not receiving the appreciation it should have. MCG also deserves credit for adopting technology in areas dealing with the issues of the citizens like the grievance management, a well functioning website that tries to promote transparency. On the other hand, MCG's internal working is still paper-based and you can imagine how it hinders the pace of operations.Would you agree that MCG has a weak opposition? Though the opposition is vociferous and scathing in the house meetings, they are not very effective in demanding accountability and promoting transparency. Their arguments lack direction and their demands are not sustained. Are you suggesting fresh agenda of house meetings? The house meetings need massive overhaul. Ironically, the actual issues are never discussed. Agenda items even get passed without a word being said. Councillors on their part put forward the issues of their wards and seek answers. But again, because of lack of structure, the meeting turns out to be a meaningless exercise.It's often said that MCG has an MP's Mayor, not CM's. What is your take on that? A mayor need not have a politician as his godfather. His position has enough authority to be effective in the city. All of us know how much Gurgaon contributes to the state's coffers and the mayor needs to use the power he has.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13982040", "title": "Anti-terrorism squad calls Rakhi Sawant\u2019s brother for questioning", "text": "MUMBAI: The director of Laila Khan-starrer Wafaa, Rakesh Sawant, claims he was summoned by the anti-terrorism squad (ATS) on Saturday in connection with the starlet's mysterious disappearance. While Sawant, who is the brother of actor Rakhi Sawant , said he recorded his statement for 40 minutes, ATS officials said he had come to their office but his statement was not taken.Laila, her mother, her sister, their domestic help and a family friend went missing in February last year. The ATS is making inquiries about their disappearance. There were reports that Laila's friend Parvez Tak, a suspected member of banned Lashkar-e-Taiba, had used her to conduct a recee of Mumbai. \"I told ATS officials that Laila and Tak had promised to help me finance my next movie. I had visited her Igatpuri bungalow to meet the financiers. There were five Kashmiris in her bungalow. I was not allowed to speak to them. I had felt suspicious,\" Sawant said.ATS officials, however, insist that Sawant never recorded his statement. \"He told us his father died recently and that he had to perform the last rites. We allowed him to go and asked him to come back soon to record his statement,\" said an ATS officer. \"Sawant arrived at the ATS office in Juhu with a media crew and gave them sound bytes without even speaking to us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13980273", "title": "Ram Rajya: Only Indian film watched by Bapu", "text": "AHMEDABAD: History has it that Mahatma Gandhi watched only one Indian film in his lifetime, and the person who holds the credit for this was filmmaker Vijay Bhatt from Palitana.Gandhi's viewing an Indian talkie was termed as a historical event when special screening of 'Ram Rajya' (1943) was arranged at Juhu on June 2, 1944.The mythological film was, however, not the first feature film that Gandhi had watched. Rajmohan Gandhi in his book 'Gandhi: the man, his people and empire' notes that on May 21 in the same year, Bapu was persuaded to watch Michael Kurtiz's 'Mission to Moscow ,' a Hollywood film made to popularize the US' alliance with the USSR . It was the first movie Gandhi had seen. But 12 days later, Gandhi agreed to see select reels of Ram Rajya for 40 minutes. The subject was of his favourite epic, Ramayana. He was so engrossed that the show lasted for 90 minutes. After the show, Gandhi went to his shack, and Bhatt was quoted as saying to the press, \"At the end of the show, Mahatmaji seemed quite cheerful.\" Bhatt was born in a railway guard's family in Palitana. Along with his brother Shankarbhai, he went to Mumbai where he enrolled in St Xavier's College.Bhatt tried his hand at films and successfully founded a film company which produced 64 films in three languages. After producing some hits in 1940s based on mythology, Bhatt made a film on the greatest legend of Indian music, 'Baiju Bawra', which was an official entry to the first Indian Film Festival in Russia in 1954. He made 'Gunj Uthi Shehnai', and 'Himalaya Ki God Mein' and introduced Meena Kumari in his film 'Leatherface' (1939).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13986971", "title": "'No maps without Rain Water Harvesting are passed by Varanasi Development Authority'", "text": "VARANASI: Call it an irony of nature or sheer ignorance among the people regarding the water conservation. While the city is facing acute shortage of water due to decreasing levels of underground water on one hand, flood-like situation due to water-logging is a major cause of concern during the monsoon season which is just a few days away from the region.It is noteworthy that even though it was made mandatory to have Rain Water Harvesting System in newly built as well as existing houses, group housings, multi storey buildings and government buildings, there is hardly any such system visible in the city.An official of Varanasi Development Authority (VDA), on the condition of anonymity said, \"no maps without the system of Rain Water Harvesting are passed by VDA, however, its monitoring is not as effective as it should be.\" While the official of VDA failed to give an exact number of such sites identified without the Rain Water Harvesting System, the denizens of the city are also not very much aware about the conservation of rain water for future use.\"Air is contaminated these days, what if the rainwater we store is harmful to use,\" opined Ajit Kumar , a resident of Lanka area. \"How much water will one collect and store on individual level,\" said Ankita Singh, a post graduate student. \"This should be the government's responsibility to create Rain Water Harvesting System at various places,\" she added.Shockingly, a sharp decline in the ground water level has been observed in the district which is simultaneously posing harm to the future water requirements. According to general manager, Jal Sansthan, RP Verma the ground water level in most of the areas, specially trans-Varuna region, has decreased by 15-20 feet in two to three years.\"The term Rain Water Harvesting has become an obsolete term in the city which is fast turning into a concrete jungle,\" says Prof BD Tripathi, noted environmentalist and coordinator of Centre for Environmental Science and Technology (CEST), Banaras Hindu University (BHU). According to Tripathi, \"city gets an average of 1100 mm of rainfall during the monsoon season, which, if sufficiently utilized, can be used to meet the water needs of the city to a large extent by recharging the underground water levels.\"\"Even though the city gets a good amount of rainfall, this rainfall occurs during short spells of high intensity which is why most of the rain water falling on the surface tends to flow leaving very little recharge of underground water. At the same time, the present scenario has turned all muddy surface into concrete, even the drains, ponds and parks in the city have concrete surface, leaving less scope for the rain water to recharge the under ground water,\" he informed. According to him, capturing the run-off of the water is the best way to harvest the rain water.\"The rainfall falling on the surface of the terrace of houses and buildings can be collected in an underground tank through pipes which would finally reache the tube wells. Since pure rain water is not suitable for drinking therefore there are various channels of filtration process which are to be followed while constructing the structure of the Rain Water Harvesting System,\" he informed.\"Apart from the roof-top harvesting, there is another method called Surface Water Harvesting through which ponds and well are filled to brim and percolation pits are made in fields and other areas for recharging the groundwater. At the same time various underground tanks can be constructed in homes and buildings to store rain water and which later on can be used for various purposes except drinking and will contribute a lot to reduce the urban flooding,\" he added.According to the records provided by Jal Sansthan, the groundwater supply gave around 140 tube wells and 2358 government hand pumps. More than 50 per cent of the water needs of the city are met by supplying under ground water. Apart from that, there are private hand pumps and individual borings decreasing the water table every year specially in trans-Varuna region and old parts of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13985964", "title": "\u2018Assam officials hired rebels for murder\u2019", "text": "GUWAHATI: An investigation into the killing of state agriculture department engineer Gadapani Pathak by the CID has revealed that some officials of the department hired Kamtapur Liberation Organization (KLO) militants to abduct and kill Pathak.Pathak, who was the superintending engineer of the state agriculture department, was conducting a departmental enquiry into the alleged smuggling of power pump sets and power tillers to Bangladesh through the Dhubri border. The power pumps and tillers were meant for distribution among farmers.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi, who also holds the home portfolio on Saturday said, \"KLO militants were involved in the killing of Gadapani Pathak. The investigation so far suggests that the KLO militants were hired by officials of the agriculture department to abduct and kill Pathak. We will not spare anyone.\"On the other hand, Bongaigaon and Dhubri Police on Saturday nabbed 5 KLO men for their alleged links in Pathak's killing.The CID has prepared six sketches of suspected killers in the case with the help of inputs revealed during the investigation. The CID arrested one KLO militant on Thursday and raided the houses of an agriculture department engineer, Rekib Ahmed, in Goalpara and Guwahati. A team of CID sleuths is currently in West Bengal to further investigate the case.Pathak and one of his colleagues, Faizul Islam were abducted at Abhayapuri on May 2 when they were returning after conducting an enquiry at Gauripur in Dhubri district. A day later, Pathak's bullet-ridden body was found in Bongaigaon, close to the site of abduction. Twenty-five days later, Islam was rescued from Salkocha in Dhubri district in good health. CID officers later interrogated Faizul for two days.Ulfa helped raise the KLO, which is now fighting for a separate state of Kamatapur comprising six districts from western Assam and North Bengal in neighbouring West Bengal. The KLO is still outside the peace process. It was flushed out of Bhutan along with Ulfa and NDFB in 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13984849", "title": "Man donates 1.5cr gold to Kanchi temple", "text": "Chennai: A devotee on Saturday donated gold jewels worth 1.5 crore to the Varadaraja Perumal Temple in Kancheepuram . The centuries-old temple is one of the 1,008 Vishnu temples . Temple authorities said the gold jewels weighed around 5kg . \"S Narayanan , a businessman in Chennai ,donated a conch , a chakram and other ornaments made of gold ,\" said V Sundaramoorthy , assistant commissioner of the temple .This is the second time in the last one year that the temple has got such a huge donation . In September 2011, a devotee donated a sheet of silver for the temple's main door . The sheet was bereft of embellishments . But when the temple opened the next day morning , it was found with a symbol of the vadagalai sect, leading to objections from the then galaisect.\"I am an ardent devotee of the presiding deity of the temple . I was planning to donate gold for a temple tower . But another devotee donated the required gold . Therefore , I donate dornaments ,\" said N arayanan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13996601", "title": "Zuckerberg's wealth down $4.5 billion as Facebook tumbles on Nasdaq", "text": "NEW YORK: The drastic fall in the share price of Facebook has significantly eroded the personal wealth of its 28 year-old co-founder Mark Zuckerberg by a massive USD 4.5 billion in just three weeks.Zuckerberg's fortune has declined to USD 11 billion from USD 15.5 billion on May 18 when the company went public as investors have dumped the stock amid concerns over growth prospects of the social networking giant, according to the data available with stock exchanges.Within three weeks of making an entry into the secondary market, the stock value of the company has collapsed by about 29 per cent to USD 27.10 apiece on Friday from USD 38 on debut.Zuckerberg's about 408 million shares were valued at USD 15.5 billion based on debut price of USD 38. However, on Friday's closing price of USD 27.10 apiece, his wealth has shrunk to USD 11 billion, a erosion of around USD 4.5 billion.However, he has already encashed a total of USD 4.78 billion by offering his 126 million shares in the public issue at the the price of USD 38 apiece. Zuckerberg, who founded Facebook out of his Harvard University dormitory in 2004, sold shares to use the IPO proceeds to pay taxes.As Facebook's stock price has declined, so has its market capitalisation. The company's current market cap is about USD 58 billion. However, when the company went public, its market value was about USD 104 billion.With 901 million users as of March 31, 2012, Facebook was actually planning to sell 337.41 million shares in the initial public offering (IPO) at a price between USD 28 and USD 35 per share.At the last moment, the company had increased the size of the public issue by offering an additional 25 per cent stake and also raised stock price to a range of USD 34 and USD 38 a share.Contrary to widespread expectations, Facebook's stock market debut did not live up to all the hype so far.Interestingly, shares are now trading in the original price range of USD 28-USD 35 price, which the company had set for its IPO.Even before Facebook made a debut, some market analysts said that the stock was overpriced at USD 38 apiece and one must wait for now to invest in the firm. Besides, some analysts criticised the decision to boost more shares to the public than originally planned, which lowered demand for the stock.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13983532", "title": "Gadgetopia", "text": "Motorola Defy MiniWhether you're an intrepid adventurer, or are just scared of the monsoon, the dust-proof , water- and scratchresistant Motorola Defy Mini might be the perfect solution. The rugged dual-SIM phone comes with MotoSwitch, which provides you with instant access to your personal info - the songs you love, people you talk to most and apps you rely on. Its instrument dashboard also tracks outdoor action; complete with camping, hiking, workout and daily activity views.Specs:3.2-inch capacitive touchscreen (480x320 pixels resolution) | 600MHz processor | 512MB RAM | microSD slot (up to 32GB) | 3G, Wi-Fi , Bluetooth, GPS | 3.15-megapixel camera with LED flash, autofocus and VGA video recording | VGA front-facing camera | Up to 9 hours talk-time , up to 11 days standby time | Android 2.3 Gingerbread, TouchWiz UI 4.0Price:Rs 11,490Website:www.motorola.comFujifilm FinePix S2980The Fujilfilm FinePix S2980 boasts of 18x optical zoom. Users are also given the option to operate it in manual mode while - for no hassle operations - one can use its Auto Scene Recognition to automatically identify the best settings for any shot. The S2980 also features enhanced in-camera processing that lets you tag the images you want to share on Facebook or YouTube - so the next time you connect your camera to a PC, the photos are uploaded automatically.Specs:14-megapixel CCD sensor | 18x Fujinon optical lens | ISO up to 6400 | Image stabilization, panorama mode | 720p HD video recording | 3-inch LCD screen | SD memory card slot | 4xAA standard alkaline batteries | Approximately 300 photos/frames on a full batteryPrice:Rs 12,499Website:www.fujifilm.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13979434", "title": "Married woman kidnapped, sold for Rs 1 lakh in Rajasthan", "text": "NAGPUR: A married woman was abducted and sold in Kota (Rajashan) for Rs 1 lakh by her friend who promised to help her get a job. The accused took the help of two others, one of whom runs a marriage bureau.Jaripatka police are searching for Maithili Bhugade (name changed), a resident of Samata Nagar. On June 2, Maithili left home with her three-year-old son Arun (name changed) in search of a job. She was with her friend Jayashree. On June 7, the abductors sent back Arun with Rizan Ali (26), a resident of Wathoda. Ali has been arrested.During the initial interrogation, Ali said that Maithili was sold to a businessman in Kota for Rs 1 lakh. He claimed that he had no idea about the whereabouts of Jayashree and the third accused Bhupendra. \"We have sent a team to Kota,\" said the investigating officer Umesh Besarkar.Bhupendra is a resident of Baragaon in Kota (Rajasthan) and runs a marriage bureau. Police went to Jayashree's residence in Pardie but it was locked.Husband Rahul (name changed) told TOI that on Tuesday, he was at his office when Maithili called and told him that she was going to Wardha with Arun in search of a job.\"She told me that Jayashree has got her a bank job with a good salary and hence she is leaving urgently,\" said Rahul, who works with a private firm.Maithili called Rahul again on June 3. This time the call was short. She told Rahul that she reached safely and that Jayshree was there to take care of her. \"When I asked her about the job, she said she would talk later and disconnected the call,\" added Rahul.The next day, when Rahul called, Maithili's phone was not reachable. On June 5, she called Rahul from a new number and told him that she had lost her phone. She didn't inform him about the place from where she was calling.On June 6, Rahul got a call from Rajasthan saying that Maithili married another man for Rs 1 lakh. \"I was shocked. I said that I want to talk to Maithili or Jayshree but the caller refused. He gave me Jayashree's cell number and ended the call saying that she would return with Arun,\" said Rahul, who had a love marriage with Maithili five years ago.Rahul immediately called Jayashree who asked him to meet her near HB Town on Kamptee Road to take Arun. Suspecting foul play, Rahul alerted Jaripatka police and set a trap near HB town.However, Ali came with Arun. Police tried Jayashree's number but it was not reachable. Police has also learnt that Jayashree is linked to a cartel which sells girls and women to businessmen in Rajasthan and Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13997717", "title": "Katy Perry tipped to play Freddie Mercury''s girlfriend in new flick", "text": "Singer Katy Perry is hoping to land the role of Freddie Mercury's girlfriend Mary Austin in a new film about the late Queen singer's life.Sacha Baron Cohen will be playing the role of Mercury in the movie.The 27-year-old singer, who wants to make the switch from music to big screen, hopes that the biopic of her rock idol will be her big break.Perry is such a big fan that she dressed as Mercury at her own birthday party.Filming is due to start next year and Cohen is already working with remaining Queen members Brian May and Roger Taylor on the movie, which is being tipped as a box-office hit.\"Katy would love to be in the film as she is such a huge fan. She would want to play Mary Austin ideally. Katy has a similar look to Mary and would be a brilliant foil to Sacha,\" the Mirror quoted a friend of Perry as saying.The film is being produced by Oscar-winning Graham King , best known for his film The Departed, and the producers have secured rights to many of Queen's biggest hits, including 'We Will Rock You',' Bohemian Rhapsody' and 'We Are The Champions.'Stephen Frears , who directed Oscar-winning 'The Queen,' starring Helen Mirren , is tipped to direct the movie. It will focus on late singer's rise to fame from the band's formation in 1971 to their -monumental performance at 'Live Aid' in 1985.Mercury began dating Austin in the early 1970s before he became famous, and the couple enjoyed a six-year relationship as Queen hit the big time.Mercury later admitted to Austin that he was bisexual and they went their separate ways.The singer had relationships with several male partners but always remained close to the woman he called his \"common-law\" wife.She was one of the first people he -told when he was diagnosed as HIV-positive, and she comforted him -during Mercury's final days before he died of Aids-related pneumonia in 1991 at the age of just 45.\"All my lovers asked me why they couldn't replace Mary, but it's simply impossible,\" Mercury had said.In his will he left 61-year-old Austin his home in London.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "darjeeling / jalpaiguri", "code": "13979227", "title": "Gorkha Janmukti Morcha rejects \u2018biased\u2019 Sen report", "text": "DARJEELING / JALPAIGURI: Unhappy with the recommendations of the Shyamal Sen committee on inclusion of additional areas of Dooars and Terai in the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration, Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) is planning to launch an agitation. On the other hand, the Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Vikash Parishad (ABAVP) was relieved that nothing much from Dooars and Terai would be added to the GTA.\"The report is completely biased and a humiliation. The time has come for us to think about rejecting the GTA agreement, \" GJM general secretary Roshan Giri said, addressing a news conference in Darjeeling on Saturday, after the chief secretary had announced that only five mouzas from Dooars and Terai should be added to GTA.Giri, however, did not elaborate what GJM would agitate for, if it would be for inclusion of more mouzas from Dooars and Terai in GTA or for a separate state. If they reject the GTA agreement, GJM would have to go back to the separate statehood demand. Before signing the GTA agreement on July 18, 2011, GJM had been agitating for a separate Gorkhaland state. The Shyamal Sen-committee was formed after the signing of the GTA agreement to examine GJM's demand for inclusion of 400 mouzas of the Terai and Dooars.\"We will not accept the report of the high power committee. We had expected at least 150 mouzas from the Terai and Dooars,\" said Giri, giving vent to the disappointment of GJM. The GJM central committee will sit for an emergency meeting with its various frontal organizations and units from the Terai and Dooars on Sunday in Darjeeling to decide on the mode of agitation.GJM leaders were feeling all the more betrayed as one of their colleagues was there in the high power committee headed by Justice Sen. \"There were no indications given to us even though one of our leaders is a member of the panel. This way the Hills people will never believe in any committees or promise of justice by the government, as several months of exercise has turned out to be a waste of time,\" Kalimpong MLA and GJM spokesperson Harka Bahadur Chhetri said.The mood among GJM leaders was that of dejection. \"There is nothing high about the high power committee. In fact, it has left us high and dry. Forget what we had expected, hardly anything has been given,\" said a senior GJM central committee leader. Apprehending trouble over the announcement of the report, the Darjeeling district administration deployed police personnel in the town even though there was no report of violence from anywhere.To GJM's chagrin, opposition parties in the Hills have termed GJM's decision to agree to the high power committee experiment a mistake. \"GJM should never have signed the agreement when the issue of boundaries was unresolved. We had already said it earlier that the result would be anti-Hills,\" said CPM leader K B Wattar. He pointed out that the land issue was political in nature and had to be resolved over the table. \"Even GJM knew that the inclusion of new areas was a political issue and needed dialogues. The whole idea of the high power committee was a mistake.\"\"We were never taken into confidence by the state government when the GTA agreement was being signed or for that matter in the high power committee talks, which only the GJM attended. In fact, we are sure GJM did not demand for more areas,\" alleged Laxman Pradhan, all India Gorkha League (AIGL) vice president.ABAVP was happy with the report, but only partially. \"We welcome the report and express our gratefulness to the committee for considering the matter in depth,\" ABAVP president Birsa Tirkey said. But local leaders opposed the inclusion of Chilouni mouza in GTA. \"Over there, the tribal population is more than the Nepalis,\" a leader of ABAVP said.Bangla O Bangla Bhasa Bachao Committee has opposed the concept of GTA, calling a three-day bandh starting from June 18 against the report and also demanding cancellation of the GTA deal. Its secretary Mukunda Mazumdar argued that GTA would give the Hills people the same right over land as the tribals enjoyed in Dooars. \"That will allure thousands of Nepalis from Nepal to come and settle in Dooars and Terai and the demography will change,\" he said.Congress did not want mouzas from Dooars and Terai to be included under GTA and would write to the Bengal government about that. \"We don't think it is a wise idea to include parts of Dooars and Terai under the Hills body. That, we believe, might create problems in the future. We will write to the government about it,\" said Mohan Bose, president of Jalpaiguri Congress committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13983817", "title": "Needed: A greener vision to pep up farm sector", "text": "The agriculture sector in the state is facing many challenges. While policy makers are attempting to push up the state's dwindling agriculture production, shrinking land holdings and excessive use of chemical fertilizers in farms and paddy fields across the state are creating hurdles on their way.Though Kerala produces eight lakh tonnes of vegetables and seven lakh tonnes of rice annually, this hardly suffices to cater to the needs of its over three crore people. Truck-loads of cereals, fruits and vegetables come from neighbouring Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka to meet the state's daily requirements.The result is that in spite of having abundant rainfall and water resources, Keralites are forced to consume chemically-treated and pesticide-stained crops and vegetables. \"Unscientific agricultural practices and indiscriminate use of pesticides in agri-crops are posing a threat to Keralites' health,\" says Dr P N Premachandran, director, Department of Soil Survey and Soil Conservation.A study has shown that 88 per cent of the state's soil is acidic, as well as deficient in many micro-nutrients essential for a good yield. It also showed that there was high phosphorus content in about 70% of the soil tested across state. \"The quality of soil, water and vegetation play a very important role in determining the quality of life on earth. The department will now introduce natural soil conservation and watershed programmes based on this study,\" Premachandran said.But experts feel more needs to be done on an urgent basis. The state is yet to make substantial progress in key agriculture infrastructure projects like Kuttanad package, which would have mitigated the woes of farmers in Alappuzha.The state, in the last one year, has announced a slew of new initiatives in the agriculture sector in a sincere attempt to turnaround the fortunes of its farmers. But, there were no concrete steps having the vision to address the long term issues. When agriculture minister K P Mohanan moves into his second year in office, experts in the industry want him to initiate long term measures to make Kerala self-reliant in production of healthy food.The Rs 1,840-crore proposal submitted by renowned agricultural scientist M S Swaminathan was approved by the Centre to mitigate Kuttanad's water logging problem. But some of the key projects like widening of the clogged Alappuzha-Changanassery canal, introducing more shutters in Thanneermukkom Bund, renovating Thottappally Spillway and removing man-made obstacles preventing the natural flow of the Pamba River have yet to take off.\"The state has provided registration cards to all farmers in Wayanad distrct .This card will have details of crop area and production in each farm, and will enable the state to keep track of crop distribution pattern and subsidy benefits availed by a farmer. We can assist the farmer in a better way by having these things recorded in a scientific manner,\" R Ajit Kumar, director, agriculture department said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "birmingham", "code": "13998706", "title": "Ramdin hits ton, takes unusual jibe at Viv Richards", "text": "BIRMINGHAM: West Indies keeper-batsman Denesh Ramdin on Sunday responded to criticism by legendary Sir Vivian Richards in an unusual manner, flashing a note that read 'Yeah Viv talk nah' soon after completing his century against England, in the third Test.ScorecardA string of poor performance in the ongoing Test series had prompted Richards to describe Ramdin as a \"lost guy\".Just after completing the second Test century of his career, Ramdin surprised one and all by taking a note out of his pocket and holding it aloft as he pumped his clenched fists.His unusual celebration was promptly caught by the television cameras.Ramdin has had a poor start to the series against England with the scores of 6, 43, 1 and 6 in the four innings so far.\"Ramdin just looks out of sorts. When he first came into the game, I felt he was a huge prospect. For some reason, he has deteriorated in such a big way. Just the way he is walking back, he looks like a totally lost guy,\" Richards, the former West Indies skipper, had said recently.Ramdin has been recalled into the side after a gap of two years. His first Test century had come way back in February 2009 when he made 166 against England.Courtesy Ramdin's superb knock and his last-wicket stand with Tino Best helped West Indies get past the 400-run mark in the first innings of the ongoing third Test.England have already sealed the series by winning the Test matches at Lords's and Trent Bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13999353", "title": "Smuggling of nag chhatri unabated despite ban in state", "text": "SHIMLA: Smuggling of the endangered medicinal herb, nag chhatri (trillium govanianum), continues unabated in Himachal Pradesh despite the state government imposing a ban to save the herb from extinction.But the high demand for the rare herb in the markets of China and Nepal has tempted the smugglers in a big. Kullu and Chamba have become the hub of nag chhatri smuggling as cops have made biggest hauls from these districts this month alone.Chamba police on Saturday seized 215 kg of rare herb from a car at Tunuhatti check point of the district and have arrested two people in this connection. Chamba SP Kuldeep Sharma confirming the development said that seizure was made following secret information. He said after finding people smuggling rare herb, checking of vehicles have been intensified at all the exit points. On May 28 Chamba police too had seized around 300 kg of nag chhatri from Salooni area of Chamba distrct.On May 29, Mandi police had seized 720 kg of rare herbs worth over Rs 1 crore in international market, from Mandi ton which was being smuggled out of Kullu district in a luxury bus. According to sources last year the rate of nag chhatri was between Rs 800 to 1200 per kg while this time it is between Rs 1000 to Rs 2000 per kg in the village where it is found. Sources rate increases manifold when it reaches international market.Found in the altitude of 2500 to 3800 meter in the Himalayan region, nag chhatri's root is used to cure dysentery and stomach ailments especially in China where it has huge demand. With demand for rare and endangered medicinal herbal plant increasing in China and Nepal, the rare plant has caught the fancy of smugglers resulting into its large scale illegal extraction despite state government imposing a complete ban on it.Principal chief conservator of forest, Himachal Pradesh, R K Gupta state government has imposed complete ban on the extraction of rare plant which is found in the areas of Kullu, Rampur, Mandi and Chamba.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13990268", "title": "High service tax, ATF price hurting aviation sector: Ajit Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the aviation sector facing acute crisis, civil aviation minister Ajit Singh is unhappy over the recent increase in service tax on air tickets and high jet fuel price and would take up the issue with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for a re-look into the matter.Ajit Singh, who has already written to finance minister Pranab Mukherjee and plans to consult him again, underlines that the increase effected recently in the service tax on air tickets and levies on aviation turbine fuel (ATF) is hurting the aviation sector.Earlier, service tax was levied on 10 per cent of the total value of the ticket with a cap of Rs 100 for domestic ticket and Rs 500 for international ticket. This has been hiked to 40 per cent of the total value of the ticket without any cap, he told PTI in an interview.With regard to ATF price, he said it was at least 50 per cent higher here than in places like Singapore and Sharjah and determined not in \"transparent\" manner.\"Both these issues I will take up...I had written to the Finance Minister long time ago, I will write to him again and I will consult him. I will talk to the Prime Minister also,\" an unhappy Ajit Singh said.Talking about service tax, he said, \"no other country\" imposes it on international passengers while for domestic passengers, it is uniform under GST, on which they get offset.Referring to the increase in service tax on air tickets, the Minister said, \"it is really hurting the passenger fares.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13982237", "title": "Narsinghpur FOB to be functional within 20 days", "text": "Gurgaon: Much to the relief of residents living in villages near Kherki Dhaula, Public Works Department (PWD) said that the Foot Overbridge (FOB) near Narsinghpur village will be functional within 20 days. The construction of the Narsinghpur FOB is to cost around Rs 2 crores. It is the fourth FOB to be built on the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway. N K Tomar, executive engineer, PWD said that to build the fifth FOB near Khandsa village, the department requires a go-ahead from National Highway Authority of India. The deck installation work of the FOB near Kherki Dhaula was carried out on Sunday. Traffic movement was diverted from Hero Honda Chowk towards Jaipur to facilitate the work. \"The deadline to complete this work is June end, but we are hoping to complete it before time. The entire work of constructing the FOB will taken another 15 to 20 days. On Sunday the deck installation started around 2am and was finished by 8am,\" said Tomar. It has been a long pending demand of the traffic police owing to high number of pedestrian deaths on the stretch. There are two FOBs between Shankar Chowk and IFFCO Chowk and one between Rajiv Chowk and Kherki Dhaula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13982600", "title": "Schools not open to opening playgrounds", "text": "Gurgaon: The recent proposal by sports minister Ajay Maken that schools should open up their playgrounds for neighbourhood children after school hours, aims to promote the physical well-being and perhaps, inculcate a love of sports among children. Representatives of Resident Welfare Associations (RWAs) in Gurgaon have hailed this as a great move. \"Nowadays, there is a dearth of open spaces in urban areas and children spend hours glued to the television sets or are engaged in video games. There is very little outdoor activity that children indulge in these days,\" says Sanjeev Saxena, general secretary, Gurgaon Central Government Health Scheme ( CGHS) Beneficiaries Welfare Association. His sentiments are echoed by R N Kaul, president, Ardee City Welfare Association who believes that schools are obligated to open up their playgrounds for community use, considering they received land at throwaway prices. Maken's proposal has now been sanctioned by the Union Urban Development Minister, Kamal Nath, and while schools in Gurgaon say they are willing to comply with the plan, they have expressed reservations about its feasibility. Damage to school infrastructure and rising maintenance costs are some of the issues that are worrying the school authorities. Pia Sharma, principal, Ryan International School says, \"I firmly believe that school playgrounds should be used by children across society. However, we need financial assistance to maintain our playground's facilities. Parental supervision is also essential as cases of sexual abuse of children are unfortunately fairly common these days. We are also bothered about how we will regulate the entry of \"unwelcome crowd\" into our school.\" Shubha Goyal, principal, Scottish High International School, Gurgaon, believes that this move may disrupt the coaching schedule followed in her school. Scottish High operates till 4 pm after which students attend sports coaching. While schools are in two minds, district-level cricket player Vaibhav Yadav believes that Maken's proposal can go a long way in helping aspiring sportsmen. \"If I had access to a ground nearer home, I needn't travel all the way to Tau Devi Lal for my daily running practice,\" he says. Residents have also welcomed the move. Take Bimla Devi, who lives close to Bluebells International School with her family. Her children hardly ever go out to play and stay cooped up inside their home all day. \"There is no proper ground nearby and it would be really nice if they got to play at Bluebells School,\" she says. Residents also believe that Maken's proposal holds great promise, especially for the economically weaker sections of the society, who may now gain access to state-of the art playgrounds. However, experts say that those who may benefit from this proposal remain largely unaware of it and that there is a pressing need to create awareness about this whole issue before people can urge schools to implement the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13977916", "title": "Farmers in district gear up to enhance paddy production", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Giving green signal to state's food security aspirations, the district is gearing up to prepare fallow land and kole lands for paddy cultivation. Over 1,500 hectors of kole lands in Vadakara and Koyilandy taluks in the district are being prepared for cultivating paddy with the aid of Central government projects.According to officials of the Kerala Land Development Board, over 1,000 hectors of land in Vadakara taluk alone are being prepared for kole land paddy cultivation. \"We have already started testing the soil in different panchayats in the region,\" they said.The Central government has sanctioned Rs 15.5 crore for cultivating paddy in kole lands in the Kuttiady region. Of this Rs 15 lakh will be utilized for purchasing harvest machine. Electricity supply to Chengarathu Chira will also be ensured under the project.According to officials, kole lands at Velam, Ayanchery, Thiruvallur and Maniyur will come under the project. Paddy fields remaining uncultivated in Purameri and Perumundachery will also be included in the project, which will also development the Kadameri paddy fields spending Rs 4.5 crore, said Kuttiady MLA K K Lathika.Of the 1,000 hectors identified in the Kuttiady assembly constituency, paddy will be cultivated in 500 hectors this year itself. The remaining will be brought under the project next year, Lathika added.The district panchayat has also earmarked Rs 4 crore for developing kole lands and fallow lands as paddy fields. The fund will also be used for mechanizing cultivation, said district panchayat president K Jameela. Development of water resources and other infrastructure will also be ensured under the scheme, and the district panchayat has earmarked Rs 50 lakh for the project.In 2011-12 also the district witnessed growth in the production of rice as fallow lands in Changaroth, Koothali, Cheruvannur, Nochad and Perambra panchayats were brought under the scheme. Paddy was cultivated in 432 hectors in these panchayats last fiscal, resulting in an increase of 288 tonne in rice production.The project also helped farmers cultivate paddy in 75 hectors of unused land in Velam panchayat last fiscal, increasing production by 35 tonnes. The cost of labour is minimal as majority of these projects are carried out under MNREGP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13979680", "title": "Committee may conclude Doon Express derailment inquiry today", "text": "LUCKNOW: As many as 52 people have proposed to appear before the committee probing the Howrah-Dehradun Doon Express derailment. The commissioner of railway safety, RK Kardam, is holding an inquiry into the derailment, which occurred on May 31. Three passengers were killed and more than 50 injured in the accident. The two-day inquiry which began on Friday is expected to be wrapped-up by Sunday. Though the final report might still not be out, reasons behind the derailment might be known.On Friday and Saturday, railways had recorded the statements of most of the people who proposed to appear before the inquiry committee. The remaining ones will appear before the committee on Sunday. The witnesses include the railway employees as well as people present at the spot.Eleven coaches of 13009 Howrah-Dehradun Doon Express had derailed between Mihrawan-Khetasarai stations near Jaunpur in Lucknow Division of Northern Railway on May 31. The cause of accident was said to be a fault in the track. Railway minister Mukul Roy though had not ruled out sabotage. Railways had set up an inquiry to find out the cause of the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13983800", "title": "China to launch first manned space mission this month", "text": "BEIJING: China is all set to launch its first manned space mission later this month as it moved the spacecraft and its carrier rocket, the Long-March-2 F, to the launch platform at the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in northwest China on Saturday.The move would give it an edge over the US that has abandoned its manned space program. This leaves only China and Russia in the area of high scientific and commercial possibilities.People's Liberation Army-run manned space program deputy commander-inchief Niu Hongguang said Shenzhou 9 spacecraft's three member crew would be finalized \"on the very last condition\" and will also include a woman.Both scientists and political decision-makers would watch the move that also involves transfer of astronauts from one spaceship to another , as China promises to introduce a new technology during the process.Shenzhou 9 will dock with the unmanned Tiangong 1 orbital module, which has been in space since September last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13983178", "title": "A bicycle journey through India", "text": "MUMBAI: Having started from France in May last year and pedalling across 12 European countries over seven months, Jean and Gema Francois didn't want their bicycle journey to end in Istanbul. They made an impromptu decision to tour India and came to Mumbai on January 5, 2012. What followed was a 4,000 km journey across five south Indian states in as many months.\"Whatever little we knew about India was what we had watched in films and documentaries. We wanted to explore this country, and that's why chose it over Thailand,\" said Gema (47), a retired marine biologist. The couple began taking long cycling trips ever since Jean retired as a bank employee in 2006.On a sultry January day, the couple took a boat from the Gateway of India to Alibaug, from where they decided to pedal southwards, with Jean lugging 50kg on his bicycle and Gema 30kg. The couple cycled from Maharashtra to Kerala, towards Puducherry. They then travelled across Tamil Nadu and Karnataka, reaching Pune in April. They were back in Colaba on June 6.The couple said it was dangerous to have vehicles almost driving them off the road. \"We were surprised to see motorists, cyclists and pedestrians share the road,\" said Gema.The couple also shared that they had to cycle for 160 km over 12 hours between Ramanathapuram and Pudukottai in Tamil Nadu to find a hotel on the way.Gema plans to write a book after going back to France. \"India will be an important chapter,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13985631", "title": "State gets its first Right To Education applicant", "text": "NAGPUR: Naresh Charde toils almost 12 hours a day as a personal driver for a city businessman to eke out a meagre Rs 5,000 monthly income all the while hoping to provide a better future for his children. On Saturday, 38-year-old Charde became the first person in state to apply for school admission for his six-year-old daughter, Samidha, under the 25% free seat, as provided under the Right To Education (RTE) Act.Long hours on the road behind the wheels make Charde's eyes look groggy, but that hasn't stopped them from dreaming big. \"I grew up in utter poverty and have missed out on many opportunities in life due to it. But I have big plans for both my daughters and when I read the government advertisement in a vernacular newspaper about free seats, I was overjoyed,\" Charde told TOI.He has applied for admission at South Point School at Omkar Nagar, under the Economically Weaker Section (EWS) category. Since he meets the eligibility criteria it is unlikely that his application will get rejected, subject to all the paperwork being in order.JS Saharia, additional chief secretary of school education department, said, \"This is fantastic news for all of us that a parent has started the process to seek admission under the special quota. I would also congratulate the school for providing the parent with all requisite information and forms and not shunning them. Every school should realize that RTE is the law now and it has to be implemented no matter what. We hope to receive similar inputs from other corners of the state soon.\"For Charde, who has studied up to Std XII, this is just the first step towards the grand plan he has for his daughters. \"My father was a tailor and he earned about Rs 20 per day. There were five mouths to feed, so we struggled every step of the way. I am good at drawing but our economic conditions did not permit me to pursue my dream of becoming an art teacher. I just won't let that happen to my daughters, they will rise above this poverty by completing their education and following their dreams,\" said an emotional Charde.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13979443", "title": "Power cuts switch off Lucknow's activities", "text": "LUCKNOW: The prime commercial areas of the city plunge into darkness for hours on weekend affecting the office work flow. \"Either there are frequent power cuts else there is a problem of low voltage in my office. Being a prime locality of the city, still nothing is being done about it,\" said Atul Chaudhari who works in Hazratganj area. In Gomtinagar's Vinay Khand area, the power is cut during both day and night time for three to four hours. \"At evening, the whole area plunges into darkness due to power cut, street lights are not functional. It is unsafe for children and people who return from coaching and office respectively,\" said Chhavi Srivastava, a resident. She added that they have complained many times to LMC, but no action has been taken.Similarly Bhawna Bisht, a resident of sector 11, Indiranagar said, \"With frequent power cuts everyday for five to six hours, the inverter is not able to take the load after three hours. We are sleeping at our terrace since 15 days.\" Bisht added, \"Whenever we complain, the power supply is improved only for couple of days and thereafter the condition reverts back to the original shape.\"The hapless residents of Aliganj area also suffers without power. Kamna Sharma a resident of Aliganj said, \"It is an everyday affair now. There are power cuts for an hour or two mostly at midnight. Talking about water crisis in her locality she said, \"Our only source of water supply is the submersible pump, which supplies us water two hours in the evening and morning. No electricity during that time means no water supply.\" Nirmala Mishra, a housewife who stays in Hindnagar, Kanpur Road said, \"Power cuts leads to various problems like water crisis, children are not able to concentrate on their studies and eatables which are kept in refrigerator become stale. If we know the timing of power cut, then we can finish our important work accordingly.\"The problem has also compounded in Aashiyana, where people are complaining about slackness shown by local power houses. \"Last night there was no electricity and when I tried calling the officials they showed no initiative in getting the problem fixed and continuously disconnected the phone,\" complained Amit Sawhney who resides in the area.Conditions are worse in Old City areas. On some days, the area receives only an hour of electricity. Shabeena, a resident of Chowk said, \"Couple of days back there was no electricity for two days at a stretch. Here the transformers installed are very old and cannot supply much load,\" she said.( Asmita Pandey and Priyangi Agarwal)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13977914", "title": "\u2018Police informer\u2019 dragged out of house, murdered", "text": "Branding him as a police informer, Maoists killed a tribal by slitting his throat in Manchpodar of Bandhugaon block in Koraput district of Orissa, 15 km from Parvathipuram, Vizianagaram, in the wee hours of Saturday. The Naxals left a letter in the name of Koraput, Srikakulam divisional committee at the spot which stated that the tribal paid the price for being a police informer. The victim was identified as Memka Taudu (35), a farmer from Manchapodar, a border area of Vizianagaram. According to sources, around 25 Maoists including some sympathizers participated in the execution during which Taudu was dragged out of his house and killed. The village is two km away from the BSF camp in Bandugaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13985194", "title": "Procure sonography machines, hospital panel advises Nagpur Municipal Corporation", "text": "NAGPUR: The NMC health department's whip on 112 hospitals and clinics to perform sonography tests is bleeding relatives of pregnant women from poor families. The reason is that the existing hospitals across the city that escaped the NMC axe have increased sonography rates from 600 to 800.Though the NMC's action is a step in the right direction towards keeping a tab on sex determination tests and female foeticide, many patients want the NMC to start a sonography facility at its hospitals at Pachpaoli Maternity Home, Indira Gandhi Hospital and Sadar Diagonostic.The hospital committee headed by Dr Safatla Ambatkar and member Dr Uma Gathibande too have advised the NMC to start the sonography facility in all its hospitals.Dr Gathibande pointed out that people, especially those who are financially weak, come to NMC hospitals. There's a huge rush of pregnant women in corporation-run hospitals for sonography test where they have to listen to a firm 'no'. They are then referred to government hospitals including Daga Hospital, Government Medical College and Hospital and Indira Gandhi Medical College and Hospital.As these hospitals witness long queues, patients are told to come later for the test. \"Patients are feeling harassed due to lack of facilities. They end up paying hefty sums to get sonography done in private clinics,\" said the doctor.However, in the recent past the situation has become more difficult for poor patients as private clinics which have sonography test facility have increased their rates drastically.Though many patients escape sonography, it is advisable to undergo the test at least thrice during their nine months of pregnancy.She suggested that the NMC should procure MRI and CT-Scan machines for its hospitals. Ultrasound machines for the three hospitals - Pachpaoli Maternity Home, Indira Gandhi hospital and Sadar Diagnostic - are also needed, she said.She also demanded additional funds from the existing 15 lakh for maintenance of civic hospitals.\"From dirty and filthy wards, stinking odour of bandage/medicines and dirty beds. The less said the better,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13982946", "title": "Activists want Nityananda banished from Karnataka", "text": "MYSORE: Pro-Kannada activists on Saturday staged a protest, demanding action against self-styled godman Nityananda Swami, even as Karnataka Rajya Raitha Sangha and Hasiru Sene urged the government to take over Nityananda Ashram at Bidadi and appoint an administrator.Activists of Mysore Rakshana Vedike and other pro-Kannada activists protested in front of the DC's office and Gandhi Square here. Accusing the religious leader of indulging in immoral acts, the agitators urged the government to banish him from Karnataka. Pointing at the attack on pro-Kannada activists at Bidadi ashram on Friday, they accused Swami of instigating his disciples of against the activists.KRRS general secretary Badagalapura Nagendra demanded probe into the activities at the ashram. \"The government should step in and act tough against it. It should also appoint an administrator,\" he added. He contended that the government is dithering to act against the religious place in spite of protests seeking the same.Although law minister S Suresh Kumar announced in Dharwad on Saturday that the state government may take control of the administration of controversial godman Nityananda's Dhyanapeetam in Bidadi following allegations of objectionable activities there, the government wants to tread cautiously. It may await the outcome of the court cases in which Nityananda is facing following a CID inquiry.Forests minister CP Yogeshwar, who is in charge of Ramanagaram district under whose jurisdiction the ashram falls, told STOI that he would meeti with the district's deputy commissioner and SP on Monday to decide the future course of action. According to him, if the government decides to appoint an administrator, it has to examine under which Act this can be done. \"The administrator's role will also have to be fixed on whether he will be overseeing ashram land or its assets or administration,\" he added.A senior minister said before appointing an administrator, specific charges have to be framed against the persons heading or running the ashram. Currently, the issue is in court. The ashram is not some cooperative society which can be superseded or an administrator appointed immediately, he added.The ministers said the ashram can be taken over on the lines of Vaidyanatheswara temple in Gokarna, whose management was handed over to Ramachandrapur mutt or the Sri Krishna temple in Udupi, which was taken off the list of scheduled temples, and its management handed over to the ashta mutts.Of the 15 pro-Kannada activists arrested on Friday, one was released on interim bail on Saturday to get his injuries treated. They were arrested late on Friday after women disciples of Nityananda filed a police complaint that they barged into the ashram and created havoc.Tight police security has been clamped in and around ashram at Bidadi on the Bangalore-Mysore highway. Citing MLC polls on Sunday, prohibitory orders (Section 144) have been clamped in Bidadi. Superintendent of police, Ramanagaram, Anupam Agrawal told STOI that five criminal cases have been registered. \"Two cases have been booked against Nityananda's disciples and Kannada activists and one against a vernacular TV reporter,\" he said.Condemning the attack on mediapersons and others, various social organizations urged the government to arrest Nityananda immediately. Politicians, including opposition leader Siddaramaiah, condemned the incident. \"Nityananda's ashram is becoming a hub for all sort of illegal activities. The government should seize the property and arrest the tainted swami immediately. More women are falling prey to Nityananda's sexual atrocities,\" he said in Hassan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13979963", "title": "Workshop on giving fun lessons", "text": "KOLKATA: Ask a three-year-old for a word beginning with C or R... 'computer' or 'remote control', quick comes the reply. Children have moved away from the world of cats and rats. Times are changing and schools need to change accordingly. Naturally the mode of teaching is changing and there is a lot of dependence on IT-enabled teaching. Despite the fact that multimedia based teaching is making a regular entry in schools, there is still much that is to be done when it comes to training teachers in using these IT tools while imparting lessons.In most cases, the use of the multimedia remains restricted to playing certain audio-visual topics on the smart board or screen on some designated days when the teacher does not read out from the text book. However, this is not enough feels Microsoft, the IT major which has recently forayed into making educational tools for schools as part of its corporate social responsibility.On Saturday, Faces, which is a forum of alumnae of a number of leading schools, colleges and institutes in the city, facilitated a platform for Microsoft to speak on the various issues related to IT-enabled education today. The meet was organised at La Martiniere for Girls and was attended by principals of at least 100 schools of the city and neighbouring districts.\"IT ceases to be a subject that only the computer teacher will be able to handle. Instead, every principal and teacher should have working knowledge of multimedia so that he or she can use it to design his or her lessons,\" explained Ashima, the co-ordinator of the project. Richa Bhatia, another co-ordinator explained how today's IT teaching tools are designed in a way that can attract the so called 'inattentive student' by involving him in activity oriented audio-visual teaching. The city has some top schools like La Martiniere for Boys and Girls and St James School which are leading the country when it comes to board results.\"However, we are at a juncture when we need to supplement text book teaching with multimedia based teaching. I aim at a class when even the poorest performer is able to score beyond 75% marks. That is possible in today's world with so many tailor made supplements. I am from an international school background and I have seen it happen,\" said Loraine Mirza principal of La Martiniere for Girls.At St James School, a lot of emphasis is being given to computer-aided teaching. \"Children learn best through projects that they have to design on a topic that they are learning in class. For much of this they have to take the help of the worldwide web. IT-enabled educational tools take this a step forward,\" said TH Ireland, principal of St James School.Answering questions posed by principals of schools about how the tools can be better utilised, the Microsoft co-ordinators explained that teachers should take the help of the individual topics of the multimedia kits and then design their own chapters.\"Instead of playing a lesson on the human body, the teacher can take each child through a journey of the human body, stopping by each organ and explaining its usage. It is difficult to memorise the different parts of the brain, but it you are standing beside this vital organ, trying to peer into the way its' parts function, send and receive messages, you will never forget how its works,\" explained a Microsoft expert.Some schools like Birla High School for Boys and Girls and Apeejay School said that they had implemented IT-enabled teaching in a major way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "khargram", "code": "13996932", "title": "Treaties with 37 countries to know details of stashed money", "text": "KHARGRAM: Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee today said treaties had been signed with a total 37 countries to know the details of money stashed abroad by Indians.''Not all money kept abroad is black money ... It might have been deposited by business men or business houses. The process will take time to know the exact amount,'' he told during his meeting with Congress workers here.Mukherjee said the unrest in Syria and Libya had caused the increase in prices of petro products and fertilisers. ''Potassium was brought from these two countries but has now stopped due to political unrest there.''''We (the Centre) have to provide huge subsidy for petro products and food and therefore our hands are tied when it comes to providing extra money to the states.''The Union minister said the UPA government is committed to improve the country's socio-economic infrastructure and is taking steps in the direction. However, there are delays as Congress has to depend on allies and there are differences of opinion at times.Referring to bad condition of rural roads, he said Prime Ministers Gram Sadak Yojana does not provide for money for maintenance and advised MLAS to intimate the matter with the state government, who would in turn take up the matter with the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13981324", "title": "From bar dancer to NGO worker", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over a decade ago, a 14-year-old Parsi boy ran away from his home in Dadar Parsi Colony in Mumbai as his parents did not accept the fact that he was gay. This young boy is now Simran Shaikh, an attractive, strapping member of the hijra community, who works as programmes officer for the India HIV/AIDS Alliance in Delhi.From living on a railway station in Mumbai and working as a sex worker and bar dancer, to overseeing programmes for the Indian arm of an international non-profit organization in the country's capital, Simran's journey reads like a script for a Bollywood blockbuster.\"I was born to a middle-class Parsi family. I left home at a very young age as I felt there was something terribly wrong with me and I did not want my parents to face any humiliation because of me. I had only Rs 16 in my pocket when I left the house. I had no idea where I was going. For three days, I lived on the platform at Bombay Central Station,\" says Simran.A hijra found the young boy on the platform and while making sexual advances at him, offered to provide him food and shelter. That's the first time Simran came in contact with the hijra community, with whom she felt at home.\"The hijra who found me on the platform took me under her wing. She was the first to teach me how to drape a sari and how to dance at bars, as well as the basic skills involved in attracting customers,\" says Simran, who has worked as both a bar dancer and a commercial sex worker. It's during her days as a bar dancer that she first met a hijra guru from Kamathipura, (Mumbai's red-light district) who offered to make Simran her chela.There is no hint of embarrassment in Simran's voice as she talks of her life. As for entering the sex trade, she describes it as something %that was \"not so voluntary, but not through coercion either.\" It's just something she had to do to survive on the streets %of Mumbai.Simran was amongst those who founded Dai Welfare Society, one of the first transgender community-based organizations in the city. She later joined the Hindustan Latex Family Planning Promotion Trust, after which she landed her present job with India HIV/AIDS Alliance.Simran, who is based in Delhi, works as a programmes officer for West Bengal , Jharkhand , Orissa, Manipur and Tamil Nadu.Her message to young people who are confused about their sexual identity is simple-believe in yourself. \"It took me two and a half years to believe in who I was,\" says Simran.Standing up for one's identity can come with a price. \"I don't travel by the Delhi Metro any more. It is extremely hurtful when the person sitting next to me gets up and walks away. Or when I'm told to vacate my seat in the lady's compartment,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13982418", "title": "'Shield common man from high security registration plates'", "text": "MARGAO: Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco has demanded that the government exercise enough caution while implementing the high security registration plates (HSRP) in Goa to ensure that there is no duplication of number plates while at the same time ensuring that the common man is not affected financially by the project.Addressing reporters on Saturday, Lourenco said that the government would do well to take all stakeholders into confidence before implementing it.It may be noted that bus owners and tourist taxi operators have objected to the government's move of implementing HSRP.Lourenco has furthered demanded that the government provide enough safeguards in the HSRP project to ensure that people having an income of below 3 lakh are not unduly burdened. \"The financial burden that the government will have to bear in formulating such a scheme will not be much,\" Lourenco said.The state government has got two bidders for installation of HSRP on vehicles. After the scrutiny of tender bids, the process of allotment of tender will begin. The Supreme Court deadline for the implementation of HSRP is June 30.The government will sign a five-year contract with the successful bidder to implement HSRP in Goa.The Goa government had first invited bids for HSRP in Goa in 2005 and signed the contract with Shimnit Utsch in 2008. But following the public uproar over the high rates, the government scrutinized the contract and found irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13977169", "title": "Rs 25 crore for widening Seaport-Airport Road", "text": "KOCHI: Giving a push to the infrastructure development around SmartCity, the state government on Saturday decided to allot Rs 25 crore for widening the Seaport-Airport Road. Tecom, the promoters of SmartCity, had asked the government to provide adequate infrastructure in order to expedite the completion of the project.Addressing the media after the director board meeting of SmartCity in Kochi on Saturday, chief minister Oommen Chandy said the government had decided to speed up the second phase of the Seaport-Airport Road also.The existing two-lane road would be converted into a four-lane highway.Earlier, after the inaugural ceremony of the SmartCity sales pavilion, PWD minister V K Ibrahimkujnu had said his department would provide the basic infrastructure required, if the government entrusted the job with the agency.The CM also said the government would think of constructing a corridor connecting SmartCity and the city. The development of the eastern parts of the city also would be interlinked with the infrastructure development of SmartCity, he said.SmartCity had problems with KSEB and the PWD, but the government was able to sort them out through timely intervention. A gas pipeline being drawn through its land is another issue. The government has held talks with Gail and a solution is expected soon, the CM said.The government has earmarked 100 acres for a state-of-the-art waste treatment plant at Brahmapuram.However, as the latest technology is being used for the plant, there would be surplus land, and it can be used for other purposes, he said.Tecom CEO Abdullatif Al Mulla said the project was getting many inquiries regarding partnership, but that its immediate requirement was infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "puttur", "code": "13999771", "title": "CM casts his vote to South-West Graduates constituency", "text": "PUTTUR: Polling officials in booth 18 set up for South-West Graduates constituency in the biennial polls to state legislative council at Samarthya Soudha in the Taluk panchayat office were on the alert on Sunday. They were waiting voter 497 whose name in electoral roll was DV Sadananda Gowda, resident of Railway Quarters Road, Puttur, BA LlB graduate and MP. This booth incidentally has 861 other voters including 591 men and 270 women.When DV Sadananda Gowda, who since has become the chief minister of the state, came to the polling booth at 10.45am, wait of officials was finally over. The CM, beaming his trade mark smile went through the pre-voting formalities, accepted the ballot paper, marked his preference and put the ballot in the ballot box. When he offered to present his election photo identity card to the polling officials, presiding officer BM Hamza was all smiles.CM visited adjacent polling booths to see how polling was going on and enquired about the voting percentage. CMs visit to his home town of Puttur had heightened voters' interest and they turned up in good numbers to cast their votes in these polls. The presence of BLN Bhat, 93, at the voting exemplified interest among voters to cast their vote. The only jarring note was a claim by Sudhakar Naik of Ariadka that someone had fraudulently cast his vote.CM later told reporters at the nearby BJP office that he was confident that BJP would win all the six constituencies, polling for which was held during the day. \"This is the sense that I got during the course of my tours across the state in the run up to these polls,\" CM said adding that the care taken by state government in responding to demands of teachers and other voters, despite challenging time would surely pay rich dividends to the ruling party.Dakshina Kannada district recorded 57.47% voting to South-West Teachers' Constituency and 53.31% voting to South-West Graduates constituency. While the Graduates constituency has 11,859 voters including 6331 men, 6322 voters including 2,590 women exercised their franchise. In the voting to the teachers' constituency, out of 4,902 voters including 2,529 men, 2,817 voters including 1,558 men cast their votes from 8am to 4pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "jyotisar (kurukshetra)", "code": "13981658", "title": "\u2018Bhagavad Gita banyan tree\u2019 dying slow death", "text": "JYOTISAR (KURUKSHETRA): The legendary banyan tree under which Lord Krishna is believed to have delivered his message of \"Bhagavad Gita\" to Arjuna is dying a slow death.Considered to be more than 5,000 years old, this tree at Jyotisar near Kurukshetra in Haryana is reportedly the only remaining relic from the time of the Mahabharata. Now, a tussle between the two claimants over the holy place on a puerile issue has left the tree completely-neglected putting it on the verge of extinction.TOI found that the area surrounding the tree has been covered with marble pavement and it can't draw nutrients for its growth. Fancy lights and lamps are fitted with nails on the tree for lighting during night and big bells are tied all over it. The 'holy thread' tied by the visitors has covered most of the lower branches. Tying threads is considered to be wish-fulfilling. Sadly, chunks of branches were also chopped off recently by the caretakers without any expert advice.The two stakeholders\u2014Hindu Mission, a local religious body that has been taking care of the tree for years and the Kurukshetra Development Board (KDB)\u2014are sparring over the ownership of the space where the tree is located.Pandit Sukhpal, who is currently taking care of the disputed portion on behalf of Hindu Mission, said, \"We have been looking after the holy tree and even constructed a marble pavement for its upkeep. Our gardener prunes it from time to time.\" Sukhpal added that there is no need of any scientific preservation of the tree because that would invite some 'problem' for this holy area, as the KDB would then levy fee on visit to this area.When contacted, KDB curator Rajender Rana told TOI that for scientific assistance for maintenance of the tree, they had contacted officials at the Sunderbans in West Bengal , which has the largest forest cover of old trees in the world. He added that on receiving feedback from the Sunderbans, they had chalked out a plan for its preservation but the claim by some individuals over the area has prevented them from taking any concrete step.A case between Hindu Mission and KDB is pending in the apex court, which has ordered to maintain status quo.Agriculture scientist and plant pathologist of Punjab Agriculture University (PAU) Ludhiana, Dr Jagtar Dhiman said that any construction near such trees would restrain flow of nutrition required for its growth. He also added that as the roots of such trees expand in acres, it requires periodical treatment from pests and diseases. \"Old branches of such trees are replaced by new if they are cut down scientifically,\" Dhiman pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13993976", "title": "Congress will pick outstanding person as President, Salman Khurshid says", "text": "CHENNAI: Union law minister Salman Kurshid said on Sunday that the Congress will select a very good candidate for President in consultation with all partners of the UPA alliance.Speaking to reporters at the Chennai airport, he said senior party leaders were considering various names. \"The candidate will be an outstanding person around whom maximum consensus would be built,\" said Khurshid who was in the city to attend a wedding.On the Andhra Pradesh high court quashing the 4.5% sub-quota for minorities in the 27% reservation for OBCs, he said the Attorney General will appear before the supreme court and is marshaling the best possible arguments. \"We are confident that what we have done is constitutionally correct and valid ... and we will try our best to clarify it in the supreme court,\" he added.Dismissing the renewed agitation by anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare , he said the central government was accountable to the people. \"We are subject to public scrutiny every five years and the people will reject or re-elect us,\" he said.Khurshid said team Anna was asking many questions with the intention of curtailing corruption but lamented that they were indulging in personal attacks. On the issue of controversial cartoons in school text books, he said HRD minister Kapil Sibal has taken adequate steps.He said it was absurd that the opposition parties were daily demanding the resignation of Union home minister P Chidambaram. It had become a ritual, he said. \"The BJP every morning do pooja and ask for Chidambaram's resignation,\" he remarked. \"Chidambaram is the pillar of UPA and so the only way (for BJP) to topple the UPA is by asking for his resignation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13981839", "title": "'Concerned cops' rob woman at Mapusa", "text": "MAPUSA: Three persons impersonating policemen robbed a senior citizen of her gold ornaments at Mapusa on Saturday.Mapusa police said that Laxmi Sanwal, 65, of Raia-Salcete had visited Mapusa to meet her relatives.While she was in Mapusa, near the court junction, three persons approached her as policemen and advised her that it was not safe to walk around wearing gold ornaments and convinced her to remove them and keep it in a bag. The trio tricked the lady and decamped with the gold ornaments worth Rs. 1.5 lakh.The victim woman later approached the Mapusa police station and lodged a complaint. This is not the first incident of its kind that has taken place near the Mapusa court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13984615", "title": "Here, scholars are summer school students", "text": "BANGALORE: This is a school with a difference. Here, the students are researchers, faculty of prestigious institutions and PhD scholars from across the globe.Welcome to Microsoft Summer School, an annual initiative of the Microsoft Research Labs (MSR) in Bangalore. Aimed at building a critical mass of researchers on equally critical subjects, MSR partners with Indian Institute of Science ( IISc) every year to conduct this innovative summer school. Into its seventh edition this year, the school has students from various prestigious institutions, both from and outside Bangalore.The teachers are from reputed institutions from the city and abroad. This time, they are top researchers from US, Europe, Germany and India in their chosen subjects.\"We are looking closely at 'Distributed Algorithms, Systems and Programming' and experts are deliberating on the same,\" said Chandu Thekkath, director and principal reseacher, MSR, United States.Thekkath explained that the teachers are mostly professors and lecturers teaching in various reputed institutes, with many of them being persons who invented the techniques being taught, themselves. The summer school concludes on June 8.\"The idea is to expose them to the real world, without books, and eventually to build a network of researchers. Spread over two weeks, the classes are mostly interactive to help students gain the most from it,\" said Vidya Natampally , senior director - strategy , MSR, India.SELECTION PROCEDUREThis year, the batch strength is 110, though the organizers got more than 400 applications. While around 60 are outstation students, whose travel and accommodation MSR sponsors, the remaining are top-notch students from the city. \"Collaboration is one of the key motives of our school. And since no research is done in isolation, our aim is to attract the top minds and facilitate their interaction with established names in the field,\" said Chandu.\"The teachers here, despite being big names in their chosen field, started the course from the basics and thereafter took it to the advanced level. Having learnt the basics right, I now propose to introduce it as part of the course from the next semester,\" said Venkata Ramana Badarla, faculty, IIT Rajasthan.A PhD student on the database system at IIT Mumbai, Karthik Ramachandra found the subject discussed at the workshop very informative and useful. \"It's a great opportunity to be selected for this prestigious summer school, it is certain to help me with a lot of useful information,\" said Karthik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14001236", "title": "Six auto-lifters arrested in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: Noida Police have arrested six auto-lifters from different areas here and recovered stolen vehicles from their possession.Acting on specific information, police conducted a raid in Agahpur area here last night and arrested Prashant and Mukesh, who were wanted in a series of vehicle thefts. A bike and a country-made pistol were recovered from them, police said.In another incident, police arrested a duo -- Sarfaraj and Shamshad -- from Phool Mandi here and recovered two stolen cars, a tempo and two bikes from their possession. Another duo was arrested from Kasna area and a mini-van laden with over two tons of steel and iron rods was seized from them.The accused, Manish and Zahid, had allegedly stolen the vehicle from Badalpur, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13980128", "title": "Hunter syndrome haunts 10-year-old boy", "text": "KOLKATA: Afflicted with a rare disease that requires a fortune to treat, the parents of a 10-year-old boy in Shibpur, Howrah, are groping in the dark even as their son gradually slips into abyss.Arian Chowdhury is suffering from Hunter syndrome, a genetic disease caused by mutation that leads to deposition of biomolecules in cells. As cells get progressively clogged, organs begin to fail, causing death. One in 2,00,000 suffers from the disease. Except in developed nations, most patients die young with parents unable to afford the lifelong treatment of Rs 1 crore a year.In severe cases, children survive till 11-12 years. Arian's case is less severe. Doctors say he may live till 17-18. \"His bones have become stiff and he is unable to bend his fingers or toes. There is facial deformity and his liver has enlarged. But his brain is still functioning fine. The only way to arrest his condition is by injecting a critical enzyme that is deficient in his body,\" said child specialist and Institute of Child Health director Apurba Ghosh.Enzyme replacement therapy is now available for Hunter syndrome or mucopolysaccharidosis type II (MPS-2), a lysosomal storage disease caused by the deficiency of the enzyme, iduronate-2-sulfatase, in the body. An American firm manufactures the enzyme. But the vials are too expensive for any individual to afford the treatment that costs around Rs 2 lakh a week.Arian's father Sib Sankar Chowdhury, who has a modest job in a private firm, has written to all, including drug manufacturer Shire US Manufacturing Inc and to the state government. But there has been no response from any quarter.\"It feels so helpless to see Arian's condition deteriorate, more so knowing that there is a line of treatment available. The cost is so enormous that we can't expect it to be met by individual benevolence. Only the government can urge the drug manufacturer to be more generous,\" said Chowdhury.While he has become stoic after learning about their son's dreaded disease in 2006, his wife Debjani is unable to come to terms with their son's short life and prolonged death. \"How can we give up on our boy?\" she wondered aloud. Though they can conceive another child and get a pre-natal test done to ensure that it does not suffer from the disease, neither parent is willing to think beyond Arian.Arian, their only child, was born on 24 February 2002. It was when he turned two that a local homeopathic doctor heard a wheezing sound from the heart and suspected a cyst. A visit to the local cardiologist and an eco-cardiography revealed that one of the four valves in the heart was thicker than the rest.The couple then took their child to a specialist in Rabindranath Tagore International Institute of Cardiac Sciences. It was at the third visit to paediatric surgeon Biswajit Bandyopdhyay that the latter told them that the problem did not occur in the heart but lay elsewhere and referred the case to Ghosh.As soon as Ghosh saw Arian with thick eyebrows and Mongoloid nose, he knew he again had the dreaded MPS-2 case in his hand. That was on February 13, 2006 and he immediately referred the case to Christian Medical College in Vellore as there was no laboratory in Kolkata to conduct genetic tests. There, a 24-hour urine test confirmed MPS. But to know the missing enzyme, the Chowdhurys had to take their child to Sir Gangaram Hospital in Delhi. There, an enzyme assay test was conducted and iduramate-2-sulphatate was found to be missing.The news that a treatment is available brought joy but was short-lived when they learnt how prohibitive the cost was. \"There are two types of views about rare diseases: one is that patients should be treated as individuals and not commodities; the other is that given the multiple problems in India, the state cannot spare scarce resources on individuals. It is difficult to buy the latter when thousands of crores of rupees are lost in corruption. Arian does deserve a future and our political leaders owe it to them,\" said Ghosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "puttur", "code": "14000558", "title": "Period review of all investment proposals received at GIM: CM", "text": "PUTTUR: The state chief secretary and minister for industries will follow up on all investment proposals received in recently concluded GIM 2012 every month and submit a report to the chief minister. These reports in turn would be reviewed every quarter by the CM himself. With 730-odd MoUs signed during two-day GIM 2012 in diverse areas, senior officers of the rank of secretaries would be appointed nodal officers for groups of investors.Stating that he has already laid down this roadmap to take forward the gains from GIM 2012, CM DV Sadananda Gowda told reporters here on Sunday that he has given clear instructions to chief secretary SV Ranganath and Murugesh Nirani, industry minister. \"The departments for which investment proposals have come in turn will nominate their nodal officers who will act as liaison. The chief minister's Office in turn will clear their names,\" CM said.Investment proposals received at GIM 2012 are not Bangalore centric and investors have shown their preference for tier II cities, CM said, adding that Dakshina Kannada district too has received investment proposals worth Rs 450 crore. \"Most of them are in the area of tourism,\" CM said, adding deputy commissioners of districts where investors intend to invest too will act as nodal or liaison officers and give a fillip to the gains netted at the GIM.If any of the investors do not find any favourable response from either the Chief Secretary or the Minister for Industries, they are free to directly contact the CMO, CM said, adding that a high powered committee chaired by him in turn will decide on such cases within 24 hours. \"Investors will walk away with a GO pertaining to land, power and water within 24 hours,\" CM said adding Karnataka too is keen on attracting investors giving them attractive sops.EOM/June 10, 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13985264", "title": "From just 2,642 in 1978, engineering seats to cross 1.40Lakh this year", "text": "NAGPUR: From the late 70s to last year, the engineering education in Maharashtra has undergone a sea change in terms of number of colleges and seats. With just 16 colleges and 2,642 seats in 1978, the colleges have grown to 348 last year with intake capacity of over 1.33 lakh. With addition of 11 new colleges this year and many more likely to come, their number would cross 360 with intake capacity all set to touch 1.40 lakh. Sadly, the popularity of this much sought after discipline till five years back is on decline even as colleges and seats mushroomed. Last year, over 25,000 seats remained vacant in the state and numbers are all set to grow this year as well, as per the academicians.According to academicians, the situation was more or less same in the country with only top colleges retaining the strength while the new ones were ignored by the aspirants. Till last year, India was having 3,393 engineering colleges with a capacity to accommodate 14.86 lakh seats. This year, AICTE had already granted over 100 new colleges of which 11 were in Maharashtra. With this, thousands of new seats would be added in the country, as per AICTE chairman SS Mantha, who revealed these details to TOI during his recent visit to the city.On a sad note, the apex body for engineering education had also received closure notices from as many as 138 engineering colleges due to large number of vacancies that resulted in them facing financial crunch. This happened even after AICTE lowered bar for engineering admissions from 50% in class XII exam till two years back to 45% (40% for reserved category) aggregate in physics, chemistry and mathematics (PCM) group. This situation is even worst in Nagpur University where over 7,000 engineering seats remained vacant last year.Though state director of technical education Subhash Mahajan did not pick up calls, joint director of technical education in Nagpur Gulab Thakre attributed the trend to ever-increasing number of colleges. \"Even the students coming to Maharashtra from other states like UP and Bihar have dropped sharply as many colleges opened in those states,\" he said.He said that students from the region prefer institutes in Mumbai and Pune due to better job prospects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13990712", "title": "Unadkat excited about Surkhaab!", "text": "Tushar Unadkat, who is now settled in Canada and was recently honored with the prestigious Trailblazer Award, is all excited about his upcoming film Surkhaab.He shares, \"Surkhaab is the name given to the Ruddy Shelduck (a type of bird) in India and Pakistan . This film is a story of a girl from India, her flight to Canada and the first 96 hours on the run! Barkha Madan, former Femina Miss India and Miss Tourism World Wide, who was seen in Bollywood's famous filmmaker Ram Gopal Verma's Bhoot and in Khiladiyon Ka Khiladi with superstar Akshay Kumar , plays the lead in the film. I collaborated with Golden Gate Creations, a California based company, to produce Surkhaab . It is going to be a Hinglish (Hindi + English) feature film scheduled for theatrical release at the end of summer in the US, India and Canada, this year.\"Asked about his journey as a filmmaker, he says, \"It's been a wonderful journey and I have directed numerous shorts and features. I have had the opportunity to work with Oscar winning producers and editors, namely Fred Fuchs, Phil Svaboda and Frank Reynolds to name a few! I have also worked with the likes of Shabana Azmi and Girish Karnad .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13986155", "title": "Chandigarh boy All India Engineering Entrance Examination No. 2", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The result of AIEEE conducted by CBSE declared on Saturday night brought in some good news for students from here or those who studied here. Anant Gupta, a resident of Rajpura, bagged the second position in the country. Having passed out from Bhavan Vidyalaya, Sector 27, Chandigarh, Anant had got the seventh rank in IIT JEE.\"It is a dream come true for me,\" gushed Anant, as he celebrated with his family on Saturday night. Anant, who used to commute from Rajpura to Chandigarh every day said he worked hard and knew his strengths. \"It was difficult to manage my study schedule. I used to get quite tired travelling and there were times I felt that I should leave my coaching but now I am glad that I didn't step back.\"Anant's parents, both doctors based in Rajpura, who are really proud of his achievement did not expect him to score so well. \"I thought he would make it to the top ten like he did in IIT JEE but coming second in the all India ranking (AIR) is very good,\" said father Rajiv Gupta. Talking about his success mantra Anant said, \"Balance and focused study helped me reach my goal. I used to study for five-to-seven hours a day.\" The youngster, who is all set to take admission in IIT, Mumbai likes to play video games, cricket and watch movies.Shivam Garg, a student of Bal Niketan also made the city proud, bagging the 44th position in the country in AIEEE. \"I think that my retention and grasping ability is good which is why I could score well. However I hoped for a better rank.\" Shivam is a resident of Sector 38, Chandigarh and loves to play football. His father is a lawyer and mother a homemaker. Shivam had got the 66th rank in IIT JEE.Girls from the city too have made a mark, with Samiksha Khillan securing the 382nd rank in the country.Since the result were declared late in the night, the entire list of top rankers in the city was not available", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13990625", "title": "Django Unchainedtrailer unleashed on netizens", "text": "High Definition Trailer for Tarantino's forthcoming film released with big fanfareVisionary director Quentin Tarantino had silenced his critics a few years ago when he unleashed Inglourious Basterds to a world that assumed the motormouth filmmaker had lost his touch. The stupendous success of that film, including an Oscar nod to Christoph Waltz who played the enviable role of the Nazi SS Colonel Hans Landa, ensured that no one dared question Tarantino's talents again. Now, in the vein of the Kill Bill series, Tarantino returns to his favourite B-movie staple. This time, he's taken on the Spaghetti Western genre with the forthcoming Django Unchained . The film stars Jamie Foxx , Christoph Waltz, Leonardo Di Caprio, Don Johnson , Samuel L Jackson and a staggering ensemble of Hollywood actors.And as a treat for fans, the very first trailer of the film has been released. The film's trailer had garnered quite a buzz at the Cannes Film Festival circuit this year, where it was showcased for the very first time to a discerning 'by invitation only' crowd. Now, the trailer that has gone viral on Youtube and other movie websites, has cinephiles across the world rejoicing the return of the maverick filmmaker. Social media, bulletin boards and online forums are buzzing with raves about the look and soundtrack of the film, which is being hailed as a return to form for Tarantino. The film is slated for release this Christmas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13986696", "title": "Seats for disabled vary in Guwahati colleges", "text": "GUWAHATI: With city colleges complying with the prescribed rules of the state government for SC, ST, OBC and MOBC (more other backward class) quota, the allotment of reserved seats for physically challenged students varies from college to college.The first day of distribution of admission forms in Cotton College saw hundreds of students and guardians flocking to take the desired forms, but there were very few physically challenged students. This year, the college will allot 15 per cent to OBC/ MOBC, 7 per cent to SC, 10 per cent to ST (plains) and 5 per cent to ST (Hills) for higher secondary, degree and post-graduate courses.For the physically challenged students, Cotton College will follow three per cent reservation of the total seats. A relaxation of 10 per cent is allowed in the cut-off marks at the degree level for students with outstanding performance in sports, culture, NCC and scouts.But in Gauhati Commerce College and Handique Girls' College, the total allotment of seats for the physically challenged students varies. \"Generally the seats for physically challenged students are decided by a committee. This year, it hasn't been decided yet. Last year, there were five seats reserved for such students,\" said G Banik, professor of accountancy and convener examination branch, Gauhati Commerce College.Similarly, at Handique Girls' College, a committee of teachers decide the total allotment of seats depending upon the disability and the marks obtained by such students, and this year two seats will be allotted, one each for arts and science. Physically challenged students face not only such variations but also poor infrastructure. While some educational institutions satiate the necessities by constructing one or two ramps within the premises, others totally fail in providing even basic infrastructure. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "13984593", "title": "Day later, Sikh pilgrims cross over to Pakistan on foot", "text": "ATTARI: After spending the night at Attari, most Sikh pilgrims finally left for Pakistan on foot via Attari land border to observe the martyrdom anniversary of fifth Sikh master Guru Arjan Dev at Gurdwara Dera Sahib, Lahore. Upset over the treatment meted out to them at Attari International Railway Station on Friday, the devotees, who had been raising slogans against Punjab and central governments for not facilitating their visit, said the railway department had not allowed the pilgrim special train to enter India since they had been told that Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) had already observed the martyrdom day on May 25 and no jatha from India would leave for Pakistan to observe the martyrdom day of Guru Arjan Dev on June 16.A devotee, Harvinder Singh said, \"It is injustice, I know there is controversy over Nanakshahi calendar, but that doesn't give anyone the right to hurt people's religious feelings.\" He said even if the railways department didn't have any information, state government should have stepped in to resolve the issue. Another devotee Ravinder Singh wanted a probe ordered into who had given this information to the railway department.A few devotees, who returned to their native places, will board the Samjhauta Express on Monday, said sources.Attari International Railway Station supervisor S K Madan maintained that they didn't have any information about the departure of Sikh jatha. Meanwhile, Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee (DSGMC) president Paramjit Singh Sarna said they had got permission for devotees to cross over to Pakistan on foot from Attari land border following the intervention of minister of state for foreign affairs Parneet Kaur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13981404", "title": "Hacking: Experts call for code", "text": "New Delhi: Cooking, sketching, horse riding, swimming - there is no dearth of skills that one can pick up in handy, bite-sized courses during summer. Now you can add computer hacking to that list.Advertised as 'ethical hacking', the courses claim to teach you how to hack passwords and social networking accounts - all to protect your system better, of course. But cyber lawyer Pavan Duggal says that under law, there is no such thing as 'ethical hacking' and institutes offering such courses need to be regulated.Faridabad-based Brains Booster, which claims to have an IIM alumnus as faculty, offers an \"exclusive\" summer 'Hacking Course'. In its promotional pamphlet, the institute claims to teach how to \"hack Facebook account in less than 1 minute\" and even how to \"run your virus when anyone opens your pen drive\". Byte Code Cyber Securities in Delhi lists 'Yahoo Hacking and Google Hacking' and 'Wi-Fi Hacking' on their website as part of their 60-hour ethical hacking course. And Appin, with more than 100 centres nationwide, has a six-week course in 'information security and ethical hacking'. All these courses cost upwards of Rs 6,000.The institutes maintain that they function within the purview of law. \"Unless you know how hackers and viruses work, how will you protect your system?\" argues Suvam Patwari of Brains Booster. Appin, which claims to have served Intelligence Bureau, makes the same point. \"We are also in the service trade. We handle cyber and data security for corporate offices as well,\" says Devendra Awasthi, centre manager at an Appin branch.However, with a cyber criminal and an ethical hacker requiring similar skill sets, it pays to be careful about the laws. The additional DCP of the economic offences wing, S D Mishra, says the Delhi Police cyber crime cell has never received a complaint against such institutes. They have, however, made arrests in the past in cases that involved the hacking of bank websites.Duggal points out that hacking is punishable under Section 66 of the IT Act, 2000, with three years' imprisonment and/or up to Rs 5 lakh fine. If a contaminant (virus) is created and released into a computer system or network, the victim can sue the hacker for damages up to Rs 15 crore per intervention.Duggal says the courses exploit a loophole in the IT Act. \"The IT Act has no provisions to penalize those who encourage various kinds of cyber crimes. There is no such thing as 'ethical hacking' under law. This needs to be regulated, otherwise these courses will keep mushrooming,\" he says.Computer security expert Ankit Fadia recommends caution for aspirants. \"It is impossible to hack into a Facebook account as quickly as these institutes claim. It's only a marketing ploy and the students will be disappointed. It is the responsibility of the training institute to teach from the perspective of data security rather than hacking a friend's Facebook account,\" says Fadia, author of 'The Unofficial Guide To Ethical Hacking' and 'How To Unblock Everything on the Internet'.Protector or provocateur - the jury is still out on ethical hacking. But now you know what some folks are doing this summer.An institute claims to teach how to \"hack Facebook account in less than 1 minute\"; Yahoo accounts are another's speciality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "13977848", "title": "Captive breeding of Nilgiri tahrs at Puthoor zoo", "text": "THRISSUR: Nilgiri tahrs, endemic to the Nilgiri Hills and lion-tailed macaque of Silent Valley will get special attention in the proposed Puthoor Zoological Park. The master plan, which is pending before the Zoo Authority of India for approval, has proposed captive breeding of these two endangered species of the Western Ghats at the proposed zoo without any intervention of visitors and staff.The animals, produced out of captive breeding technology will be released in their respective habitats in Western Ghats.S B Yelaki, special officer of Puthoor Zoological Park, said, \"This is the first time, after the breeding in 1965 at Thrissur Zoo, the captive breeding of Nilgiri tahrs will be conducted in a zoo in India. We have suggested it in the master plan and a discussion will be held with zoo officials regarding this.\"The captive breeding of both the species will be held inside the zoo, which is coming up in 336 acres of land. Nilgiri tahrs, produced through captive breeding in Thrissur Zoo in 1965, were transported to other states and even to foreign countries. The captive breeding of both these animals is undertaking as per the Wildlife Protection Act 1972. Both species are listed in Scheduled 1 and considered as endangered by the IUCN Redlist. \"Officials including B S Bonal, secretary, Zoo Authority of India, have expressed their satisfaction regarding the place identified for setting up the zoo. Soon, the master plan will be placed before an expert committee meeting, for approval,\" Yelaki said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13981238", "title": "Dharavi kids create new sound of music", "text": "PUNE: Come Sunday, and Puneites will get a chance to see the performance of a group of children from 'Dharavi Rocks', which creates music out of waste material. The uniqueness of the music lies in the instruments used, which are all from recycled plastic, buckets, tin covers, soft cans, water drums, etc.The children, in the age-group of 10 to 17 years, will belt out rap songs and Bollywood numbers. The programme is organised by eCoexist as part of the 'Beauty of recycling' event at Fab India Jehangir at 6 pm.The children live and work in Dharavi, the biggest slum in Asia and the hub of most of the recycling activities in Mumbai. Some of them are working as ragpickers, while a few go to school and some are school dropouts. They had the opportunity to perform with well known artistes like Shankar Mahadevan, Sunita Rao and other international ones, and with Indian rock band Agnee and Something Relevant, a jam band.Sunday's programme will be hosted by Taal Inc, a drumming group here.Dharavi Rocks is part of the Dharavi project, an initiative of NGO ACORN Foundation (India). The project works for the rag pickers' rights. Utilizing artists and social impact programmes, it tries to change the living conditions of rag pickers who are segregating waste in and around the landfills of Mumbai.The foundation has tied up with Blue Frog, an entertainment venue and music club, to bring music in these children's lives.Vinod Shetty, director of the ACORN Foundation (India) and an advocate by profession, told TOI: \"These kids have no formal training. They are aided by musicians Abhijeet and Ayush, who come on a weekly basis to train and guide them. They concentrate on percussion instruments that are traditional and use old water drums, covers of monitors, bottles, plastic waste, among others, to create a rhythm. The shaker is made out of soft drink cans, filled with soil, and the mouth is taped for creating effective music. And the percussion instrument is made from plastic water drums. Thus, they create music from the waste that is available in plenty in Dharavi.\"\"The performance is for the cause of recycling and to draw the public's attention towards rag pickers. This will be their first performance in Pune,\" Shetty added.\"Nearly 40% of those working in the waste business are children and women. We realised that just providing education will not work. Many kids joined us for a few days and left. So, the foundation opted for multimedia syllabus and conducts workshops where young children can get some kind of informal education,\" he said.According to Shetty, these children have tremendous self-esteem and confidence. \"Most of their families are working in Dharavi as rag pickers or in recycle industries. We want these children to get jobs in offices with the help of our volunteers so that they do not have to face any occupational hazards,\" Shetty said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "daspur (west midnapore)", "code": "13980026", "title": "Subhendu to skip Daspur by-poll campaign", "text": "DASPUR (WEST MIDNAPORE): Within days of the Left upsetting the ruling party's dreams of victory at the Haldia municipal polls, Trinamool's Midnapore strongman Subhendu Adhikari has backed out of the June 12 Daspur assembly by-election campaign. This prompted top party leader Mukul Roy to press the unity button for the victory of candidate Mamata Bhuyiyan.The faction-ridden TMC unit in West Midnapore was banking on Adhikari to infuse life into the party's lacklustre campaign for its Daspur candidate. In last year's general elections, Ajit Bhuyiyan was elected with a margin of 24,927 votes. His death necessitated the by-election and the Trinamool gave the Daspur ticket to his widow Mamata Bhuyiyan.Subhendu was expected to hit the Daspur campaign trail after Tuesday's declaration of the Haldia civic poll results. The MP, however, chose to stay away after the Trinamool's defeat in Haldia.Adhikari's reluctance to campaign led Roy to rush to Daspur on Thursday night, when he summoned all local party leaders to Ghatal Municipality's guesthouse and asked them to bury their differences and unite to campaign for Bhuyiyan. Roy also asked leaders to ensure an increase in the party candidate's victory margin at all costs.Roy's urgency is understandable. Since the by-election was declared and Bhuyiyan got the Trinamool ticket by the party leadership, about seven in 10 party leaders and workers have been unwilling to campaign. Most of them are unwilling to accept Bhuyiyan, a novice in politics, as their candidate.Moreover, ever since Ajit Bhuyiyan's death, there were at least 10 aspirants for the Trinamool ticket in Daspur. But Mukul Roy turned down their requests for the ticket and, instead, nominated Ajit Bhuyiyan's widow as the party candidate. This left the Trinamool rank and fold in Daspur very bitter. Hence, the party's lacklustre campaign. For the record, Roy asserted, \"There is no division in the party. All leaders have been asked to hit the campaign trail. We are trying to increase our victory margin over last year.\"In fact, Daspur constituency doesn't look like it goes to the polls on Tuesday. CPM candidate Samar Mukherjee has confined his campaign to door-to-door canvassing, avoiding public meetings. And, there have been no wall writings or posters in favour of the TMC candidate across the constituency. And Bhuyiyan, herself, has held some lacklustre road shows, taken out largely with the initiative of district party president Dinan Ray. And the public meet that Subhendu was to address along with Partha Chatterjee on Wednesday was sparsely attended, the senior minister's presence failing to draw supporters. The meeting, Roy addressed on Friday, too, had thin attendance.On Saturday, actress and Trinamool MLA Debasree Roy's presence at a meeting in Gopiganj drew a crowd, while the gatherings addressed by ministers Madan Mitra and Bobby Hakim were attended by little over 3,000 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13991501", "title": "I want my people to be partners in progress: D Veerendra Heggade", "text": "MANGALORE: Lighting more than 11,000 homes in 26 years through solar lighting and generation of power through micro hydel plants in inaccessible areas has brought about perceptible and qualitative change in the lives of people in a sustainable way by Shri Kshethra Dharmasthala Rural Development Project (SKDRDP).Promoted by Dharmasthala Dharmadhikari D Veerendra Heggade, SKDRDP was the proud recipient Green Oscar, the Ashden Award, for demonstrating how a microfinance organization can play a key role in meeting energy needs of economically poor. SKDRDP was adjudged as the overall Gold Award winner by Ashden and it received a purse of \u00a340,000 for carrying forth its initiatives.How do you feel being the recipient of this prestigious award?I'm very happy. In a county like India we have to be recognized for small services that we do. It's very satisfying to help a small family, a house wife, to meet their energy needs with minimal investment. When I met Prince Charles, I told him: I don't want my people to beg for support. I want them to be partners in progress.SKDRDP's green initiatives and promoting sustainable energy solutions started in 1986. What brought about the idea?There were remote villages in Belthangady which had no electricity. To get power it was expensive, it required a lot of pressure; influence and sometimes, follow up through politicians. We thought it was easy to provide them power through solar with small investment. There was also a subsidy component available. But our people were not well informed about good government schemes. The villagers were also not informed about subsidy; whom to approach, how to apply. Our part was informing about the programmes which would benefit them and also coordinating with agencies. SM Krishna, when he was CM, inaugurated this solar energy supply scheme.Which are key concepts in this initiative?There are three basic concepts - promote savings in energy, avoid wastage and preserve energy. We give micro-finance and the idea to the villagers. Generally, if there is awareness there is no financial support and if there are funds no awareness. Our endeavour is a combination knowledge, guidance and finance to people on renewable and sustainable energy sources.How will you use the prize money?Here is an interesting thing. Ashden wanted to know how we will be using the prize money. We thought about it for a day, discussed within the group. We told them the money will be used for training people to construct gobar gas units; create awareness on sustainable energy with suitable publicity and also on saving energy.At present microfinance organizations don't get subsidies for renewable energy lending. Will this award give you the leverage to tell the Governments to extend the benefit to micro finance organizations?We have not thought about it. Till now we were thinking only of helping beneficiaries taking advantage of finance and the system. If we get funds at lower interest it will be given to the beneficiary. For example, we have helped many through Devaraj Urs housing scheme for which the interest rate was five per cent.The government spends huge amounts subsidizing fossil fuels. Will you get vocal to pressure government to give more subsidies to renewable energy?This is what we boldly said in London to subsidize renewable energy than fossil fuels. This was our strong plea. We will definitely take it up with state and centre. We were vocal in the international forum. We will start asking about it in India.Are people are averse to sustainable energy initiatives?Unfortunately in India people think it's expensive. Two days back, I met a senior official who asked me: Is it not expensive?. This is the answer for the problems of India,'' I said. Even educated without knowing the financial consequences say it is expensive and it is not for the poor. We have convinced the poor that it is not expensive.Did your first time effort in applying for Ashden award bear fruit?We had not applied for it before. Our department applied for the awards very casually without even informing me. I was informed only when we got the award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13986649", "title": "This topper dreams of IIM-A", "text": "LUDHIANA: Maharaj Nagar resident Niharika Mehta, 18, daughter of businessman Anil Mehta, held city's academic standard high by securing first position in BCom-I exams of Panjab University. The results were declared on Saturday.Niharika, who aspires to do MBA in financial management from IIM Ahmedabad, says she was not home when her college principal (Sri Aurobindo College of Commerce and Management) called to break the happy news. ''It feels great. I maintained consistency in studies. A few months before the examination I went for mock tests and tutorials to help me revise thoroughly,'' she says.She loves soft peppy music and reading novels. ''I attribute my success to my parents, teachers, friends and well wishers,'' says Niharika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13980467", "title": "Official, peon get 2 years\u2019 jail for Rs 150 bribe", "text": "MUMBAI: Surging inflation in the past 14 years could not save a government officer and his peon from jail for taking bribes, as the Bombay high court threw out their plea that the amount of Rs 150 was trivial and thus they should not be convicted on corruption charges.\"This court has no hesitation to observe that the amount involved, Rs 150, was not a trivial amount as it was demanded and accepted in 1998. In those days, ordinary labour was getting hardly Rs 30 per day as wages,\" said Justice T V Nalawade, upholding the conviction of Ramrao Kale (48), a sub-registrar, and Shivrao Deshmukh, the peon. The court held that the trial court was right in sentencing the duo to two years in jail.150 bribe sought for property dealThe accused had refuted the bribe accusation, claiming that the money was donated by complainant Subhas Murthe for the Flag Fund and for buying Indira Vikas Patra. In their defence, they produced a receipt for Rs 50 for the Flag Fund. But the court ruled it was fake.Murthe, who had gone to register a property sale deed at the office of the sub-registrar in Jalgaon on April 6, 1998, was asked to cough up Rs 150 to get the job done even after paying the registration charges and getting the documents stamped. Murthe told officer Kale and Deshmukh that he did not have the money on him and would return with it the next day.He immediately approached the anti-corruption bureau, which laid a trap. The duo was literally caught red-handed accepting the bribe after a dye secretly put on the notes that Murthe gave them was found on Deshmukh's hands and shirt pocket. Upholding the trial court ruling, the HC cautioned the government against keeping officers in the same post even after bribe allegations have been levelled against them.\"The circumstances show that the accused misused his position and created the (Flag Fund) record after the date of trap. It is unfortunate that the competent authority does not take necessary steps when a trap becomes successful. In such cases, it is always desirable to immediately suspend the employee or (ensure) charge of work is handed over to some other person for some time,\" said Justice Nalawade. The court added that once charges of illegal gratification were established, the burden of proving it was not a bribe was on accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "lakhimpur kheri", "code": "13991824", "title": "Stray tiger relocated into Dudhwa Tiger Reserve", "text": "LAKHIMPUR KHERI: The Dudhwa Tiger Reserve (DTR) is witnessing the successful relocation of a stray tiger into the wilds again.Forest authorities had tranquilised and captured a stray tiger on April 26 last after it became a threat to human lives on the outskirts of the state capital Lucknow.Named as 'Baadshah', the stray tiger had ventured into human populated areas and created panic in a number of villages.After catching the tiger, the authorities were in a fix about the future of the stray tiger and after weighing all pros and cons, they decided to try to re-introduce it into the wilds of Dudhwa again.The authorities were wary of the tiger's behaviour in the wild as it had been exposed to human activities. Due to this, they decided to put a radio-collar round the its neck so as to maintain a close watch on its movements after its relocation.However, the Dudhwa Tiger Reserve (DTR) environment appealed to the stray tiger so much that it lost all the abnormal behaviour it had shown in Rahmankhera (Lucknow), Field director, DTR Shailesh Prasad told PTI.\"The stray tiger has been sighted happily settled in Sathiana range of the reserve with no abnormality in its behaviour at all,\" Prasad said.Ganesh Bhat, deputy director, told PTI that \"Close monitoring on the movements of the stray is being kept through satellite \".\"The tiger seems to have fully adapted itself to the natural wild environment of Dudhwa,\" he said.\"The successful relocation of this stray tiger would pave a new path of reintroducing the stray animals into the wild,\" he hoped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "with schools having reopened this week, the right to education scheme should have rolled out in its full spirit. sunday times of india speaks to tushar giri nath, state project director, sarva shiksha abhiyan, on the status of implementation of the revolutionary policy. excerpts", "code": "13984470", "title": "Awareness thrust will make RTE a hit next year: official", "text": "With schools having reopened this week, the Right to Education scheme should have rolled out in its full spirit. Sunday Times of India speaks to Tushar Giri Nath, state project director, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, on the status of implementation of the revolutionary policy. Excerpts:Have we identified the out-of-school children in the state? And how many are inducting into schools?Karnataka has 68,000 out-of-school children : 12,000 of them are already under special training, 48,000 have gone to school at some point of time and are dropouts, 27,300 will be sent to residential school. Apart from them, 8,000 children who don't attend schools due to migration are sent to seasonal hostels . There are 49 special homes for urban deprived children. We have charted out a need-based plan for each of the categories. Training is from 3 months to one year, and can be extended. They will move to mainstream schools as and when we think they are ready for it. We should bring all of them into special training in the next three months. From June 19, we are sending a team of three officials to the field for seven days. From July 5, Shaaligage Naavu Neevu and a media campaign on awareness of RTE will kick off, when 5,000 officers visit 50,000 schools. By November 11, which is National Education Day, we will know the result.What's the biggest obstacle in getting all children into school?It's the circumstances they come from. They are still fighting the basic issues. Their poor parents move every now and then in search of employment. In case of girls, parents don't trust the system.Considering the craze for private schools, don't you think the government should look at quality in its schools?You've hit the nail on its head. Quality , and retaining students in government schools, is the most important challenge for us. There may be better private schools, but a majority of them are not. Still, we have parents going there. We have to prove we are the best.There are complaints of private schools not adhering to the rules.The government will take note and surely take action. Those who do not want to implement it are coming up with excuses. But how long can they delay the inevitable? A neutral arbitrator needs to listen to our case and theirs. There is the Child Rights Commission , courts etc. Those who are not under our system of schools would have finished admissions earlier and there might be some validity in what they say. The arbitrator should look into how much of this can be considered. We have some uncertainties, and have to grapple with them. We are about to make the reimbursements, we have an open web-based tool for registration, there's a helpline. Next year, it'll be a hit. This time, the time was less, seats were not available, and there was no information given to parents.How is Karnataka faring when compared to other states?We are doing much better than many states. The rules came into effect here on April 29. In the short time we had, we've put everything into place. There are states where the rules in came last year but are not yet implemented. There was clarity from Day 1. We also had the most liberal policies. No other state had Rs 3.5 lakh as income limit for EWS category. We are giving a fair chance to all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14006417", "title": "Shirdi Sai to release on Sptember 6", "text": "Director K Raghavendra Rao has officially announced that his devotional flick, Shirdi Sai will be releasing on Spetmeber 6. Nagarjuna is playing the lead in the movie which is in the final stages of production. MM Keeravani has composed the music for the film, the music director has collaborated with K Raghavedra Rao in films like Annamayya and Sri Ramadasu.The music director and director visited Mantralayam temple to compose the last of the eleven songs of the movie. Apparently It is a sentimental thing for Keeravani to make sure he records at least one song in this holy place when he is working for a K Raghavendra Rao film. A Mahesh Reddy is produicng the movie.Meanwhile, director K Raghavendra Rao seems to have shifted his attention to television for now. He shared that he will be producing a TV serial on the life of lord Raghavendra Swamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bagalkot", "code": "13978052", "title": "Man held for wife, sister-in-law's murder", "text": "BAGALKOT: District police on Friday arrested two men in connection with the double murder of two sisters at Mahalingapur town on Wednesday.Superintendent of police Eshwarchandra Vidyasagar said that Muttappa Mallappa Muttawad, 20, of Melavanki village in Gokak taluk and his relative Shivappa Basappa Somanagouda of Betageri have been arrested for the double murder .Muttappa killed his wife Gangavva Patil, 16, and her sister Geetha, 19. Police said that he killed his wife as her father refused to send her to her husband's house saying that she has not yet attained maturity. The couple married about a month ago.Muttappa, police said, was very upset with his father-in-law's move. On the night of June 6, he and his relative Shivappa crept into his wife's house and bludgeoned her and her sister. Two of the other sisters, Mahanand and Kavana survived the attack with grievous injuries. The SP said five teams were formed to crack the murder. Police arrested Muttappa and Shivappa from Kulagod bus stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13977950", "title": "Koyilandy bypass: Committee seeks comprehensive study", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The assembly petition committee sitting held at the collectorate conference hall here on Saturday recommended a comprehensive study before pressing ahead with the construction work of the proposed Koyilandy bypass.\"We need to find out the reason behind the move that objected the widening of the existing 30m road in Koyilandy to 40m for the bypass. The nod to widen the road was given in 1972 itself,\" said Thomas Unniyadan, chairman of the committee while speaking at the sitting. Through the construction of the bypass the distance between Chengottukkavu and Nandi will become 9.27km.The chairman also said the proposed elevated highway at Koyilandy is a possible one. The sitting decided to submit a report to the state government recommending a feasibility study for the construction of the elevated highway on an 11-km National Highway stretch at Koyilandy. Elevated highway would exclude the roads in congested areas from widening.Ramadasan Thaikandy, representative of the action committee against Koyilandy road widening, informed the chairman that 518 houses need to be evicted completely for the development of Koyilandy bypass. The members of the committee alleged that environment impact study was not conducted for the bypass. National Highway Authority of India executive engineer Subba Rao said the depardetailed 1tment was waiting for the approval from the government for the environment impact study conducted in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13987869", "title": "Five permanent ghats to be built for Mahakumbh 2013", "text": "Allahabad: To offer adequate facilities to lakhs of pilgrims and devotees during Mahakumbh, the flood control unit of the irrigation department has started construction of permanent ghats on the banks of the Ganga and the Yamuna.Irrigation department officials told TOI that construction of setting up permanent ghats has begun and construction of all five ghats would be done on priority basis. Officials added that five permanent ghats -- Kila, Boat Club, Arail, Balua and Bargad -- would be constructed ahead of Mahakumbh.Officials said these ghats have been designed as per modern structure which will have well-designed bathing spots for lakhs of pilgrims. Similarly, the beautification of ghats would also be done on priority basis.\"It is expected that more than 5-6 lakh pilgrims will take bath everyday at Sangam during Mahakumbh and for that, adequate bathing space is needed,\" said an official.As per astrologers, the Kumbh Mela is held when the planet Jupiter enters Aquarius and the Sun enters Aries. Kumbh (Kumbha means pot) Mela (fair) is a sacred Hindu pilgrimage. The Purna Kumbh Mela will be held at Sangam from January 27 next year.The Prayag (Allahabad) Kumbh Mela is the largest of all Kumbh and believed to be the most auspicious. On important bathing dates, millions of pilgrims take bath on the banks of the Sangam. The Purna (complete) Kumbh or Maha Kumbh, the biggest and the most auspicious fair, which falls once every 12 years.The mela administration, apart from imposing ban on the use of polythene and polybags in and around the mela campus, has planned to float the concept of Green Kumbh to make the religious congregation pollution free.The idea is to keep the Mela area clean and make the Mahakumbh environment friendly. The mela authorities will also carry out a plantation drive in and around the mela campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13977213", "title": "Not many takers on Day 2 as fish prasadam concludes", "text": "HYDERABAD: The crowd of asthma patients at the fish prasadam event thinned considerably on Saturday, the day after the stampede at the Kattedan sports complex. As the fish camp drew to a close, the fisheries department recorded a sale of barely 37,000 murrel fingerlings, the lowest in eight years, of which just about 2,300 were sold on Saturday.Fisheries department officials said the sale of murrel fingerlings has been on a steady decline since 2004-05 when the department sold 82,136 fishlings to patients, implying a slow but steady drop in the popularity of the famed 'fish prasadam'.Officials from the department told STOI that around 84,000 fingerlings were procured specifically for administering the fish prasadam to asthmatics, of which only 37,000 were sold. However, fisheries department officials claimed that apart from the abysmally low sales, the high margin of Rs 10 per fishling failed to fill the department's coffers as a large number were lost due to their high mortality rate.On Saturday, till about 3pm the turnout remained restricted to an unsteady trickle with groups in twos and threes sauntering through the gates and being administered the prasadam without any difficulty.The chaos and clamouring for the prasadam witnessed on Friday was nowhere to be seen on Saturday. However, the deployment of health and police officials had increased considerably and they seemed to outnumber the patients. Roads and thoroughfares, blocked since Friday, were opened at around 3pm on Saturday to facilitate free flow of traffic. Despite the sparsely populated venue on Saturday, the Bathini family claimed that the turnout was a strong 3.2 lakh asthma patients. The family termed the distribution of prasadam a 'huge success' but came down heavily on the 'disinterested attitude' of the authorities for botching up the arrangements which resulted in a stampede and a large number of people fainting on Friday. Bathini Harinath Goud and Bathini Shivaramprasad Goud said, \"We were told that the venue had to be changed from the exhibition grounds barely twelve hours before we moved here. The police offered little help and got into action much later. The collapse of support services and of patients due to the heat happened because the venue was changed at the last moment and also due to the lackadaisical attitude of the authorities.\"Officials from the health department said that the number of injured and dehydrated cases treated by the team from the District Medical and Health Office since Friday rose from 150 to 390 on Saturday. Dr Venkatpathi, from DMHO, RR district, said, \"We have referred 20 cases to various hospitals out of which eight were asthma-related cases and 12 were heat-stroke related.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13984803", "title": "2 senior citizens run over in separate accidents", "text": "BANGALORE: Two elderly pedestrians were killed in separate accidents since Friday night.A 65-year-old woman was killed after a BMTC bus knocked her down in Peenya on Bangalore-Tumkur Road on Friday night. S Rajamma was a resident of Hurulichikkanahalli on Hesaraghatta main road. The accident took place near her residence when she was returning home after buying groceries from a nearby shop, along with her daughter Sarojamma.Rajamma sustained severe injuries and was immediately taken to a nearby hospital where she succumbed to her injuries after some time. Police arrested the driver, Bheemappa, of BMTC depot-9.A similar accident was reported at Whitefield where a 60-year-old pedestrian died on the spot after a speeding motorist rammed into him. Krishnappa, a mason and a resident of Varthur, was heading to work around 8am, when the accident took place. The rider also sustained injuries and is under treatment at a hospital. He will be arrested after recovery, police said.Head constable ends lifeBANGALORE: Head constable Narayan Naik, 56, attached to the first battalion of the Karnataka State Reserve Police, was found hanging in his official quarters in Madiwala on Saturday morning.Naik was from Kornahalli in Magadi. He is survived by a married daughter and two sons, one an engineering student and another who is into the sand business. No suicide note was recovered from his house. Police suspect that health issues might have forced Naik to take the extreme step.According to police, Naik and his family members had dinner and went to bed on Friday night. Naik awoke early morning and hanged himself from a ceiling fan in his room. His family started searching for him around 5.30am and was shocked to see him hanging in his room, police added. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13983397", "title": "Plan to hire towing vessel for rescue operations", "text": "MUMBAI: The director general of shipping has decided to hire an emergency towing vessel (ETV) to carry out rescue operations during the monsoon season in case a ship or vessel drifts ashore the city's coastline. The ETV would be stationed within the port limits of Mumbai.Last year, the shipping ministry found itself in a spot during the monsoon after two merchant vessels, MV Wisdom and MT Pavit, had drifted ashore at Juhu beach. The rescue mission became tough owing to the choppy sea.A senior official said, \"We have taken cue from the previous year's experience and decided to hire an ETV for the monsoon to carry out rescue operations and tow away the drifted vessel safely.\"MV Wisdom, the 9,000 deadweight tonne (DWT) vessel, reached Mumbai on June 11 last year, causing a scare when it steered dangerously close to the Worli sea link. On June 29, the 999-tonne, MT Pavit drifted off the Oman coast due to engine failure and flooding in the engine room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13979398", "title": "History (H) opens a wide field", "text": "New Delhi: If you love to read on a variety of topics, can think clearly, are articulate and ready to work hard, you may opt for a bachelor's degree in history (honours). Considered to be one of the best in the country, the extent and scope of the BA (honours) history course in Delhi University , offered in 41 colleges, is both wide and intriguing.In recent times, the cutoffs for the course have gone up substantially in the sought-after colleges. To pursue history (H), one should be genuinely interested in the origin and growth of things around, be imaginative and not expect a cushy job right after graduation.Eligibility History (H) is open to students from all streams. But humanities students do enjoy the advantage of a lower cutoff compared to that for commerce and science students. Last year, the lowest cutoff for the course in the first list was 60% in Mata Sundri College. Some of the colleges whose first cutoff ranged between 87% and 95% were Hans Raj, Hindu and Lady Shri Ram.In popular colleges, the cutoff generally ranges between 80% and 95%. Last year, the first cutoff at Hans Raj was 87-90% while it was 89.5% at LSR. At St Stephen's, whose admission process is separate from that of the rest of the DU colleges, the cutoff was 91.5% for aspirants from humanities and 95% for students from commerce and science streams. Teachers say history is interesting if students have observation skills and can think critically.Pankaj Jha, a senior teacher with LSR, said: \"A student who can read a lot on a variety of subjects - right from fiction to philosophy, who can be imaginative and have clarity of thought and are articulate can make a good history student. It is a wide subject and, therefore, needs a lot of hard work.\"Content The course is divided into six semesters over three years and students have to take 18 papers. There are two papers in the first year \u2014 history of India up to AD 750 and social formations and cultural patterns of the ancient and medieval world. The main papers in the next two years include the rise of the modern West, history of India, history of China and Japan while there is one compulsory optional paper on the modern history of America or Russia or Latin America and sub-Saharan Africa and Southeast Asia.However, the paper on Latin America and sub-Saharan Africa is offered only at Ramjas and the paper on Southeast Asia is available only at Vivekananda College. \"Majority of the colleges offer history of America,\" Jha said.The syllabus offers in-depth learning on social structures, political developments and history of other countries.Road Ahead For a history graduate, a quick job is definitely not there. \"But a variety of opportunities are available. Besides the conventional teaching and research jobs and civil services, many students are now going for management studies. Then there are media and development sectors. A history student can also specialize in archaeology and museology and go abroad for further studies,\" said Jha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "puttur", "code": "14001155", "title": "Shirady Ghat will be shipshare during monsoon: CM", "text": "PUTTUR: State government will not allow National Highway 75 snaking through Shirady Ghat \u2014 the lifeline that connects Mangalore, headquarters of Dakshina Kannada district to state capital Bangalore, to deteriorate beyond its present condition. The state division of National Highways will take up the task of filing up potholes on the Ghat stretch in the next 10-days, and ensure that rain water does not flow on the road and is diverted to the gutters.In addition, the NH division will also complete the process pertaining to utilisation of Rs 21 crore maintenance and repair grants released by the Union Government by end of October and take up this task from November, said CM DV Sadananda Gowda. Interacting with reporters after inspecting NH 75 along Shirady Ghat, some 110-kms from the district HQ on Sunday, CM said maintenance and repair works will be completed by April next.CM directed K Jaiprakash, chief engineer, National Highway zone, Bangalore to ensure that Shirady Ghat is motorable during this monsoon. \"There are no mines lorries this year to add to the general wear and tear of the roads,\" he said adding that the state government will give adequate funds for maintenance if the Centre is not willing to do so. \"A road that connects the CMs home district cannot be in a bad shape and sends out wrong signals,\" he said.CM also instructed Surendra Kumar, project director, National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), and Jwalendra Kumar, manager (technical), NHAI, Hassan and Jaiprakash to submit him with monthly reports on the works undertaken to keep Shirady Ghat motorable. Reacting to request from Surendra Kumar for a meeting on Shirady Ghat, CM directed Jaiprakash to get in touch with ISN Prasad, his principal secretary and arrange for the same.CM later told reporters that the four-laning proposal of Bangalore-Mangalore NH 75 through Shirady Ghat is unlikely to get timely clearances from the Union Ministry of Environment and Forests. Surendra Kumar pointed that NHAI would require 144 hectares of forest land passing through Shirady Ghat for four laning work. Shirady Ghat incidentally is part of the Western Ghats, that is considered one of the eight biological hotspots in the World.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14006442", "title": "Harish Shankar warms up to NTR fans", "text": "Director Harish Shankar sure seems to know a thing or two about handling fan bases of the heroes he works with. A self proclaimed fan of Pawan Kalyan, the director made no secret of his admiration for Pawan Kalyan and never lost an opportunity to flaunt it either. Well it sure worked well for him as Gabbar Singh has struck gold at the BO.The director is working with NTR Jr next and he is wasting no time in reaching out to the Nandamuri fan base. In a recent interview he stated that though he was a fan of Pawan Kalyan he admired NTR also. \"I just want to clarify the fans that my being a fan of Pawan Kalyan doesn't imply that I hate every other star. NTR is the first actor I approached with a script. He loved it but we never got around to doing it. I will work even harder than I did for Gabbar SIngh. The movie will be a crackling entertainer, I can assure you that,\" he said. Looks like other filmmakers could learn a few tricks about managing the fan bases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "13994745", "title": "J&K; gymnasts face huge challenges", "text": "JAMMU: Despite being the most sought-after athletes in the state of Jammu and Kashmir with 13 Sher-i-Kashmir awards and two state awards in their kitty, the gymnasts are struggling hard because of the lack of facilities.Coaches, Surinder Pal Singh and his wife Krupali Singh, are doing their best to train these sportspersons but the biggest hurdle in their endeavour is the fact that these gymnasts are involved in 'Aerobic Gymnastics', which is not an Olympic discipline.However, Singh is optimistic that the discipline will be included into the Olympic schedule sooner than later and so are his wards.\"Who doesn't want to be an Olympian,\" asks Mayank Jain, whom Singh rates as one of the best talents for the future.Mayank, though, points that the disciplines of gymnastics that are included in the Olympics demand huge infrastructure, which the state currently lacks.\"It is only off-late that we have begun to get the proper equipment and support from the (sports) council. Particularly Kiran (Wattal) sir (secretary sports council) has supported us a lot,\" said Mayank, a bronze medallist in the junior category in World Series Aerobic Gymnastic.Even as the youngsters face huge challenges in absence of proper equipment, they have learned the art of turning adversities into positives.\"We get wooden boards here for the practice, there is not much bounce in them, we have to work hard here to get the desired results, but that helps us increase our stamina,\" said Tejpal Kaur, the youngest member of the team.\"When we go abroad to participate in any event the conditions there are entirely different, and we get even better results with the kind of effort we are used to put in here, so in that sense it is an advantage for us,\" she added.Surinder desperately wants one of his wards to win an Olympic medal.\"I have achieved everything. An Olympic medal is probably the only thing missing from my life,\" said Singh, a former national gymnast.J&K; gymnasts, in the 12th World Aerobic Gymnastics Championship in Sofia ( Bulgaria ), finished 10th among a group of 42 countries, a jump of two places from the previous performance, and Surinder Singh says the team is improving.\"Last we finished 12th, so there is an improvement. Particularly with the age still on their side, we are going to improve further in future,\" said Singh.Surinder and Krupali, an Arjuna awardee, took to gymnastics at a time when nobody here knew about the sport.It was captain Sardar Waryam Singh of Services, fondly remembered by Surinder as 'guruji', who introduced the sport to them.\"It was guruji, who introduced me to the gymnastics and with the time it became a passion for me. Gymnastics was totally an unknown sport, and it won't be wrong to say that guruji is the father of J&K; gymnastics,\" insisted Surinder.Captain Singh used to travel all the way from the border area of Ramgarh in Samba, about 45kms from here, on cycle with pot of milk to the stadium and whichever kid would reach the venue first will get the pot.\"So every time we used to race to the ground to get our hands on the pot,\" recalled Surinder.\"We used to stay near the stadium and every evening we used to throng to the ground playing all type of silly games...had it not been for 'guruji', probably I would have never been what I am today,\" said Surinder, who is a qualified gymnastics coach and an international judge.\"It was guruji, who introduced me to the gymnastics and with the time it became a passion for me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13994530", "title": "Raja on visit to his Lok Sabha constituency", "text": "COIMBATORE: Former telecom minister A Raja, the prime accused in 2G spectrum scam who was released on bail recently, arrived here on Sunday to a rousing reception by party workers en route to his parliamentary constituency Nilgiris.This is Raja's first visit to his home state since his arrest in February last year.Nearly 1,000 party workers thronged the city airport to welcome Raja, the dalit face of the DMK.The former minister however, did not talk to waiting media persons.Raja later left for Annur to meet the people, from where he would leave for Mettupalayam and Udhagamandalam, falling under his constituency, party sources said.He would hold a review meeting of development works at Udhagamandalam on Monday and visit Kothagiri and Gudalur, before returning to Chennai on June 12, they said.A Delhi court had on Thursday allowed Raja to visit Tamil Nadu between June 8 and June 30 accepting his plea.The court had earlier while granting him bail on May 15 imposed certain conditions, including that he would not visit his home state without its prior permission.Raja had sought the court's permission also on the ground that the trial proceedings would not be undertaken from June 9 to June 30 owing to summer vacation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13985266", "title": "Kakade joins as fourth deputy municipal commissioner", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) got its fourth deputy municipal commissioner with Sanjay Kakade, former municipal commissioner of Ahmednagar, assuming the charge on Friday.Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal introduced Kakade to the house during the budget discussion on Friday. The government has created 10 additional posts at the NMC - including one IAS-rank additional municipal commissioner, chief officer-rank deputy municipal commissioner, assistant additional municipal commissioner and seven assistant commissioners. With Kakade, the number of chief-officer rank deputy commissioners rose to four.The new post of additional municipal commissioner is yet to be filled. Collector Saurabh Rao is handling additional charge of IAS-rank additional municipal commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13979872", "title": "Three brothers die in Hooghly high tide", "text": "KOLKATA: A swim in the river turned fatal after two siblings and their cousin drowned in the Hooghly river at Khardah in North 24-Parganas. The incident took place on Saturday afternoon. The divers are conducting a search operation, but the trio could not be traced till reports last came in.Police said that the incident took place around 1.30pm when Dhrubajyoti Ghosh (28), his brother Subhojyoti (22) and their cousin Asim Das (35) went to take a bath at Baro Mandir Ghat in Khardah. All the three were residents of Sukhchar Raja Road in Sodepur.Dhrubajyoti, a computer engineer who worked at a private company in Hyderabad, had come to his Sukhchar residence only five days back to spend a vacation. His brother Subhojyoti was also an engineer and worked in a company at Salt Lake's Sector V.Sources said that the three brothers had gone to take their bath in the afternoon when the river was in high tide. The three brothers were standing on the bottom most stair of the ghat when Subhojyoti suddenly lost balance, slipped and fell into the river. The two others soon jumped into the river to rescue him but three brothers were swept away the by high tide in the Hooghly.Some locals who were standing at the ghat tried to rescue the trio but failed. They immediately informed the police who send a team of divers to the spot in no time. Though divers continued search for a long time but could not trace any of the three brothers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13980774", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation to meet industry heads regularly", "text": "NASHIK: Aiming to sort out woes of local industries, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) is planning to hold regular meetings with the office-bearers of the industry bodies in Nashik.A delegation of office-bearers from the Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) met the newly-appointed municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare at the NMC headquarters, Rajiv Gandhi Bhavan, and discussed the woes of industries with him. The commissioner assured the delegation that meetings with industry bodies would be held every month to sort out their difficulties.\"With an aim to sort out the problems in industrial areas of the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC), we are planning to hold regular meetings with the industrial associations in the city. The industry-related issues will be sorted out through discussions with them. Industrial associations will be taken into confidence while accomplishing the development of both city and industry,\" said Sanjay Khandare. \"The NIMA delegation informed the commissioner about the various issues in the Satpur and Ambad industrial areas of the MIDC. The NMC gets over 60% of its revenue through octroi from the industry, but industries do not get adequate facilities from the civic body. Hence, the industry must get good roads, streetlights, drainage and other facilities,\" said Dhananjay Bele, president, NIMA, who led the delegation.Bele on the occasion urged the NMC commissioner to hold regular monthly meetings with all the concerned officials from the NMC and office-bearers of the industry bodies with the commissioner in the chair.NMC commssioner Khandare also gave the civic body's consent and assured the delegation that regular meetings will be held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13982969", "title": "Country\u2019s first pvt fire station launched in Cyber City", "text": "Gurgaon: The country's first ever private fire brigade was launched by real estate developer, DLF in Cyber City on Saturday morning. The two fire stations are located in DLF Phase III and Phase V. The fire station was inaugurated by A.K. Sharma, Director, Delhi Fire Services in the presence of S.K. Dheri, Head of Fire Safety, DLF. Adhering to Sharma's request, Dheri assured that if need be these efficient machines will help places beyond DLF. The authorities said that the response time to an emergency shall be approximately three minutes. Three fire fighting machines,imported from Finland, the hydraulic platform Chassis Mercedes 5-axle, the 400 hp, and the EURO 4 engine were also there at the event, one of which was used for demonstration. Two of the fire tender' snorkel can go up to 90 metres high, while the third can go up to 60 metres high. The water jet can reach up to 35 metres. The hydraulic platforms in Delhi and NCR are equipped to tackle a fire up to a height of 45 meters, while DLF's hydraulic platforms are capable of carrying a load of 400 kg and rotate at a 360 degree angle. DLF will keep two fire tenders and 25 to 40 trained personnel in its fire station.Water bowsers will have the capacity to carry 18 kl of water per vehicle. \"Water will be taken from the DLF underground tanks with capacity of almost 3 lakh litres and overhead tanks with a capacity of 30,000 litres each. \" said Dheri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13977334", "title": "Filmdom up in arms against Copyright Act bill", "text": "HYDERABAD: The film producer who has remained behind the screen only supplying all the money needed to make a movie might assume all-in-one avatar, as lyricist, music director, story writer, screen play writer and what not. And he will have all those ghost writers to elevate him to the highest level of creativity.Such a transformation may happen soon thanks to the amendments recently made to the Copyright Act. The thinking among producers is that it would be better to take all possible credits for themselves as that would save them from having to pay royalty to all the creative people who work for his films.Producers may not really want to do that but this is the point they would be discussing to express themselves against the Copyright Act (Amendment) Bill, 2012. The bill was passed in the Lok Sabha on May 22 and in the Rajya Sabha on May 17 and it would now be necessary for producers to pay royalty to creative people for all their works. That means, it would not be enough if they are made a one-time payment for their work. Every time the producer sells or resells in different ways, the creative people are entitled to royalty. The Indian film fraternity could not convince the Centre against the amendments to the bill but has hardly given up the fight. On June 16, the Film Federation of India (FFI) has called for a meeting of all film trade bodies from across the country to discuss the issue once again. Producers will point out how the Copyright Act will now be detrimental to the interests of the creative people instead of being beneficial to them.\"It is better to take work from ghost writers, deny them credit, pay them a small amount and end the matter. That is an option for producers, though it would be a bad trend,\" a senior film producer of the Telugu film industry said.The South India Film Chamber of Commerce, the AP Film Chamber of Commerce, the Telugu Film Producers Council and industry representatives from various trade bodies will participate in the forthcoming FFI meeting. Originally, the meeting was planned to be organised on May 31 but was put off because of the Bharat bandh in protest against petrol price hike.Lyricist Javed Akthar had taken the lead in trying to convince the government to come to the aid of creative people even as other film industry bigwigs pointed out the disadvantages in the royalty system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13977752", "title": "Law minister to deliver Rajamony lecture", "text": "KOCHI: The Union minister for law Salman Khurshid will deliver the fifth 'K S Rajamony Memorial Lecture' in the high court auditorium at 4.45pm on Monday.A memoir written by justice M R Hariharan Nair, former high court judge and present chairperson of the Kerala State Fishermen Debt Relief Commission, dedicated to Rajamony will also be released at the function.The acting chief justice of Kerala high court Manjula Chellur and former Supreme Court judge Cyriac Joseph will also attend the function. The late K S Rajamony was the senior advocate who had mentored a large number of lawyers during their careers.Many of the leading personalities and public figures were his students. He was the legal advisor and standing counsel for various central and state government institutions, banks and other establishments. He was also the chief editor of the Supreme Court Weekly Reporter and editorial member of Kerala Law reporter.He was appointed Member of the Kerala Public Men's Corruption Commission in 1992.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13981322", "title": "Western Ghats panel report on windmills draws Maharashtra ire", "text": "PUNE: The state government has objected to the recommendations made by the Western Ghat ecology expert panel on setting up windmills in ecologically sensitive areas.Speaking at the first stakeholders workshop of the Maharashtra state biodiversity board held at Bharati Vidyapeeth Insititute of Environment Education and Research, on Saturday, principal secretary (forest) Pravinsinh Pardeshi said, \"We have objected to the recommendations made in Gadgil's report that windmills projects should undergo a comprehensive cumulative impact assessment before clearance. It is also recommended that a moratorium be placed on all wind energy farm proposals until comprehensive environmental impact assessment studies are conducted. It recommended that no windmills be allowed in ecologically sensitive zone 1 (regions of high sensitivity).''Pardeshi pointed out that in the report 83 talukas have been assigned to ecologically sensitive zone 1, which includes 32 talukas in Maharashtra alone. \"Thus, the highest number of ecologically sensitive zones are demarcated in Maharashtra where maximum windmills are located,\" said Pardeshi. He refused to reveal other objections raised by the state government.The report is now in public domain along with a disclaimer and the ministry has invited stakeholders to give their comments or views. The ministry of environment and forest has stated that the report has not been formally accepted by the ministry and it is still being analyzed and considered.Chaired by noted ecologist Madhav Gadgil, the panel worked on demarcating ecologically sensitive areas for conservation and protection, and to make suggestions on development of mining, power plants and polluting industries in Ratnagiri and Sindhudurg districts. The ministry has invited comments and views from stakeholders on the report submitted by the panel in August 2011.Speaking at the workshop, Patangrao Kadam state minister of forest said that Gadgil's report was good but some changes were needed. It will also be seen that the report was translated in Marathi, which will lead to discussions and opinions from people as requested by Gadgil, he said. When asked by Gadgil if he has read the report, the minister said that he did not go through it.Madhav Gadgil alleged that the report was suppressed by the government and a false propaganda is being spread against it. \"We are not saying that the recommendations or suggestions made in the report have to be followed. We have not said that there should not be any hydro power or windmill projects. We have compiled the relevant information after site visits and after meeting the locals,'' Gadgil said.\"We have pointed out forest clearance given by falsifying the facts. For example, the report says that there was no Indian giant squirrel in Bhimashankar wildlife sanctuary. Whereas this sanctuary is home to this state animal. We have also raised objections to the shoddy roadwork done for access to windmills leading to landslide and blocking of streams. We are not objecting to green technology,\" he said.Gadgil said the report was relevant for biodiversity board and will lead to formation of biodiversity management committee. It has been 10 years but the Biological Diversity Act 2002 has not been im-plemented so far. \"Under this Act, the biodiversity management committee should be formed at the local level. The committee has a role in decision making and charge fee on use of biological resources. Thus, if we have such a committee in Pune municipal corporation area, we can save the hills,'' he said.Erach Bharucha, chairman of the Maharashtra state biodiversity board, said the board will ensure that the Biological Diversity Act 2002 is implemented. The board has planned a series of workshops to come up with a strategic plan at the state-level for biodiversity conservation, especially outside the protected area network, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13987244", "title": "All Berasia community health centre doctors asked to furnish affidavit on residence", "text": "BHOPAL: All the six doctors posted at the community health centre (CHC) in Berasia have been asked to furnish an affidavit within 24 hours, stating that they reside in block headquarters, failing which they would face action.Taking serious note of absenteeism of these government doctors, district collector Nikunj Shrivastava issued the directive at a meeting, coinciding with the launch of Gram Arogya Kendra (GAK) in the district, here on Saturday.District health officials said that some medical practitioners were not available at their respective CHCs and it hampered the quality of the health services. \"Action would be taken against those who are on unauthorized absence\" said Shrivastava, adding that the previous practice of blocking salary was not sufficient for addressing the problem.\"Every health official and worker posted have to reside in the block headquarters,\" he added. He instructed the district chief health and medical officer (CMHO) to ensure that attendance of all the health workers in the district is sent to his office by 8.30 am everyday.The collector also took note of the launching of GAKs, which are small unit village health centres meant to deliver basic health services at the village level. About 500 such centres would be opened in the district also. In all, 18 health schemes of the Central and state governments would be linked through the GAKs.A unified plan for this scheme has been prepared and is being implemented in the entire division, said CMHO Dr Pankaj Shukla.According to the instruction, the health officials and workers have to reside in the block headquarters", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13995937", "title": "J.Lo clears up engagement rumours", "text": "Jennifer Lopez took to her Web site on Friday to deny rumors she's engaged to marry boyfriend Casper Smart .Photos have surfaced over the past few weeks showing the singer sporting a bling on the ring finger of her left hand, leading some to wonder if her dancer beau had popped the question.\"Rumors!!! Don't be fooled by the rocks that I got,\" People magazine quoted the 42-year-old actress as writing on her site.\"No engagement!\" she wrote.After quoting her 2002 R and B hit, the popstar asked her fans, \"What's the best way to stop a false rumor?\"The rumors began in March when a fake Tweet from fashion designer Roberto Cavalli implied he was making a wedding dress for the actress.A source close to Lopez then confirmed that the reports were false.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13979600", "title": "Monsoon\u2019s arrival to be clear in 2-3 days: Met department", "text": "LUCKNOW: The hot weather conditions intensified in the city on Saturday with maximum temperature touching 42 degrees Celsius, three degrees above normal. The dry hot winds added to the discomfort, forcing people to stay indoors during the day. The weatherman has predicted no relief from the heat for next few days.The good news, however, is that the monsoon currents which were stuck over Bay of Bengal since June 6 have started moved again. According to the central Met department, conditions are favourable for further advance of monsoon into some more parts of interior Karnataka, remaining parts of Tamil Nadu, some parts of south Andhra Pradesh during next 48 hours.The Bay of Bengal branch of the monsoon reaches UP by June 15, while the Arabian Sea branch by June 25.The normal date of monsoon arrival in the city is June 18. State Met director JP Gupta said that as of now conditions seems to be favourable for timely arrival of monsoon, but the picture would be clear in next 2-3 days. The maximum temperature in Lucknow is expected to remain around 42 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13979471", "title": "Is tech-shy Kolkata compromising women safety?", "text": "KOLKATA: Thursday night's incident may have sent out a warning to women in the city who don't think twice before boarding a private cab but elsewhere in the country, the situation is very different. Unlike Kolkata where cab operators are only concerned about the safety of their vehicles, those in other metros have used technology to keep tabs on drivers and their movement. No wonder, women in places like Mumbai and Bangalore swear by private cabs even when travelling late in the night.Not that the technology is not available in Kolkata. Some car owners \u2014 particularly those who hire drivers to transport their children \u2014 have already installed monitoring systems. But cab operators have taken no such step.Twenty four-year-old freelance television producer Tejal Shetty from Mumbai said she has to use cabs when work gets over at odd hours. She often gets the grave-yard shift at the deserted Goregaon film city and prefers private cabs to return home in Sion. She feels safer in the GPRS-enabled taxis, particularly when commuting at night, because the passenger can see the designated route on an LCD monitor on the dashboard. Any deviation leads to an alert.\"I need to call the helpline number and the taxi will be at the doorstep. They are reliable,\" said Shetty.Private taxi operators in Delhi, Bangalore and Chennai have also installed a GPRS system that allows them to monitor the location of the fleet. At the control room, the movement of cabs is fed real-time, giving the duty manager an overview of the entire operation including location of each cab and its fare. Each taxi has a mobile communication terminal (MCT) to enable communication with the control room.To ensure the safety of women at night, Mumbai has a taxi service that is operated exclusively for women. Even those behind the wheels are women.\"In Delhi, private taxis have a better record than the public transport. Technology such as GPRS and panic button near the passenger seat are a boon,\" said Gurgaon resident Pooja Pandey, a public relations officer at an MNC in Delhi.In Bangalore, apart from GPRS, some private taxi services have installed in-car payment system whereby commuters do not require to carry cash and can pay by credit card. They also have a distress button in the car for emergencies. \"Private taxis in Bangalore are very safe and a customer cannot be duped by the driver. Such is the system that the driver cannot even take a different route as he can be tracked,\" said Jennifer Franklin, a post-graduate student of Christ College in Bangalore.Though taxi owners in Kolkata lag behind in technology, individuals like Phiroze Edulji are using gadgets to effectively control their vehicles. The Lenin Sarani resident has installed a car tracker in his Suzuki Swift in which one needs to simply feed in the starting point and the destination. If the car then deviates from the route, it alerts the owner. \"I can track the car and know the distance it has travelled. This facility also reduces instances of car-theft,\" he said. The car-tracker costs Rs 9,000 and he has to pay Rs 200 per month for the GPRS connectivity. The school buses in the city already have this GPRS facilities installed.Perhaps, Thursday night's sordid incident will catalyze the adoption of technology by cab operators in the city. \"If taxis in Kolkata do what other cities have done, passengers will not mind paying a premium. Travelling at night will not be scary then,\" said freelance assistant director Pritha Biswas who travels at odd hours in the city and considers the city very unsafe at night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13997745", "title": "Charlie Sheen admits 'total denial' during public meltdown", "text": "Charlie Sheen has admitted that he was in \"total denial\" last year during the public meltdown that got him fired and made him lose the custody of his kids.\"Too much people-pleasing, not enough breaks, over 30 years, forming into one, focused tsunami-like release,\" the New York Daily News quoted him as telling Rolling Stone Magazine .Sheen was fired from \" Two and A Half Men \" in March 2011, after checking himself into rehab following a drug-fueled party that landed him in the hospital.The actor lost a bid to win sole custody of his two sons from ex-wife Brooke Mueller a month later.\"It is a big day of gladness at the Sober Valley Lodge because now I can take all their bazillions, never have to look at whatshisc--- again and I never have to put on those silly shirts for as long as this warlock exists,\" the actor told TMZ when he found out that he was fired.Sober Valley Lodge is the nickname Sheen gave to the home that he shared with his two \"goddess\" girlfriends last year.However, Sheen now insists that he can't understand what he was talking about at the time.\"It's like one giant, long poem, played by some weird character, about things that aren't totally grounded in anything real,\" Sheen added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13979681", "title": "Colleges raise bar for BCom entry", "text": "New Delhi: Simply making it to the cutoff list will not ensure admission to two of the most popular undergraduate courses at Delhi University .While high cutoffs have been a trend across colleges for BCom (honours) and BCom, many colleges also have additional criteria. And, aspirants along with the high cutoffs needed must also fulfill these criteria before laying claim to a seat.For example, while mathematics in class XII has been made mandatory for admission to BCom (honours) in institutions like College of Vocational Studies, Hindu, Kirori Mal and Lady Shri Ram, there are colleges where one has also to score at least 60% or more in mathematics, for instance Hindu and Deen Dayal Upadhyaya.In colleges like SGTB Khalsa, the aspirants are required to at least score 70% in maths or business maths and 60% in English. In some colleges, for instance Shyama Prasad Mukherji College for Women, BCom (honours) and BCom are open only to aspirants with commerce in standard XII.Aspirants of BCom (honours) must have had English in class XII. While many colleges only want qualifying marks in the subject, others have specified a certain percentage as a criterion for admission. Meanwhile, Shri Ram College of Commerce, which last year came up with an absolute 100% cutoff for aspirants from humanities applying for BCom (honours), has divided its cutoff into five categories.Ramjas too will announce its cutoff based on three categories, but has not made any specific subject mandatory in class XII.To get admission to Hindu College involves surmounting tougher criteria. The college will announce the cutoffs based on three categories \u2014 category 'A' for aspirants with English and three commerce subjects, followed by category 'B' that will have English and three science subjects and 'C', for aspirants with one modern Indian language and three academic subjects.For each category the aspirants also need to have scored at least 60% marks in English and mathematics. And, for category 'A' marks in accountancy should be same as the main cutoff, for instance if the cutoff is 95.5% then only those aspirants in category 'A' who have scored 95.5% or more in accountancy will be eligible for admission in BCom (honours).Similarly, for BCom there are additional criteria in some colleges, for example Acharya Narendra Dev College has maths and economics mandatory up to class XII for commerce aspirants and only one relevant vocational paper will be considered for which the cutoff will be 5% higher.manashpratimgohain@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13995280", "title": "Srinivas my biggest motivator: Shweta Mohan", "text": "She may have won her share of awards, but still confesses to being on the learning curve, in terms of her music. For helping her make constant improvements as a singer, she gives renowned playback singer Srinivas the credit.\"I sang my first playback song for Srinivas. That song, unfortunately never saw the light of day. However, Srinivas uncle is my biggest motivator, and he has a major role to play in my success,\" Shweta Mohan says.Shweta also credits her mother, famous playback singer Sujatha Mohan with helping her have the right balance in life.\"I have learnt to balance family life and my profession through my mother. Work's never too important to forget the ones who care about you and my mom's been very particular about that,\" she points out.Shweta rates winning the Kerala State National Award for Best Singer in 2007 as her most memorable experience to date. \"Winning the National award in front of my parents was an unforgettable experience for me. The fact that I won it with Vijay Yesudas, who is a good family friend, made it all the more memorable,\" she says, excitedly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13983121", "title": "\u2018Happy being an MP, not interested in state politics\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's quest to get the top job in the state in 2014 received a fillip on Saturday.While the 's Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) move to launch a new wing to breed women in politics is being seen as an attempt by party supremo Sharad Pawar to push his daughter Supriya Sule's case as a chief ministerial candidate, she herself is not interested in staking the claim.At least that is what she claims for now. During a press interaction on Saturday, Sule said that she was \"not interested in a foray in state politics\". Claiming that she was happy with the exposure and experience gained from her present assignment as an MP from Baramati, Sule said that she would continue to demand a party ticket for the 2014 Lok Sabha polls, or even after that.Further, giving Ajit Pawar's leadership a thumbs-up, Sule said that the \"current leadership in the state is competent\". Sule was interacting with mediapersons at the launch of the Rashtravadi Yuvati Congress, a wing for training, counselling and encouraging representation of more women in politics. With women in the 18-35 age group being the target group, Sule clarified that the wing will be led by women leaders identified and elected from those in the same age group and that she, along with other senior party functionaries, would assume the backseat in a year or two.On the recent spate of female foeticide cases, Sule said, \"Only legislations will not help as it is a matter of changing social mindset. The transition could take long. However, we need to work towards it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13977832", "title": "Heat is on: No respite from power outages for Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: Rampant unscheduled power cuts are forcing the people to spend sleepless nights in several parts of the Old City.Blaming CPDCL for not keeping them informed, the residents rue that they have to contend with power cuts lasting for as long as six hours with at least an hour of outage during night. Shaheen Nagar, Baba Nagar, Pahadi Shareef and Noor Khan Bazaar are among the worst affected areas.Old City is supplied electricity from three 132 KV substations at Shivarampally, Imlibun and Chandrayangutta. According to CPDCL officials the demand from Imlibun substation has markedly increased in recent times. To meet the increased load demand, a 220 KV substation was sanctioned. The installation of this substation has not taken place yet. The Shivarampally substation has also been overloaded as it feeds Mir Alam, Chandulal Baradari, Attapur and Hyderguda (Rajindernagar mandal) substations. On average, during summers, the Old City localities have to make do with a demand-supply shortage of 0.5 million units per day.Shehnaz Begum, a civil worker from Shaheen Nagar said that the two-hour power cut schedule was rarely adhered to. \"Power supply is interrupted anytime between 11 and 3 pm. Often, it is gone for more than four hours,\" she rued. Begum also said that four-hour-long power cuts, of which two hours is between 7 pm and 9 pm, has also become the norm in Bandlaguda, where she resides.Baba Nagar is another area where residents have been frustrated over power outages. Noorullah Siddiqui says that four to five hours of power cut is common in his area. \"There is no schedule for power cut. In the morning there is no electricity between 9 am and 11 am at a stretch while in other areas, there is a gap between hourly power cuts. We also have unscheduled power cuts frequently in evening and during night,\" he said.Charminar MLA Ahmed Pasha Quadri said that he made representations to CPDCL about worsening power situation. \"The problem seems to be with the increased load on existing supply stations. So we have been demanding speedy installation of a 132 KV substation.\"CPDCL officials explain that many parts of the Old City could have uninterrupted power if the supply line to Attapur and Hyderguda substations from Shivaramapally substation is split. Currently both these substations are on one circuit. \"There is a proposal to place these substations on separate circuits. Currently if one of the substations is overloaded, it also affects the other substation on the line. If this exercise is done, then Shivaramapally can effectively handle the current load,\" said a CPDCL engineer.He also said that the sanctioned 132 KV substation was delayed owing to non-availability of space. \"Earlier it was proposed to come up at Petlaburj on police department land but there are some legal hassles. We have requested land on the high court premises near the old maternity hospital. The court agreed to give us 400 sq yards but we require at least 1500 sq yards. We have asked for it and if we get it, then a new substation will come up to meet the present and future demands of the Old City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "13977972", "title": "Cong candidates ask for \u2018power\u2019 to win bypolls", "text": "GUNTUR: Beleaguered Congress candidates have been sending SOS to chief minister Kiran Reddy in the last few days with a novel request. Their requests were not about election funds or another round of whirlwind campaign by Chiranjeevi. In fact, they are appealing to the CM to ensure power supplies at least till the completion of the byelections.With all the 18 segments going to the polls facing severe power crisis, the ruling Congress candidates are ill at ease with the voter unrest growing by the day. The late arrival of monsoon is also adding to their worries. CM Kiran Kumar Reddy hurriedly reviewed the power crisis with senior officials two days back after the party candidates demanded that power supplies be maintained.With the CM expressing his helplessness on power management, the Congress candidates are wooing local engineers to spare their constituencies from power cuts. But the officials are not responding to such pleas as there is no separate supply system to spare a few segments transferring the entire burden to the other areas. With the domestic consumption increasing daily, the power companies are left with no option but to implement load shedding, experts pointed out. \"The demand has jumped to an all-time high when the generation has hit a low. We are doing our best to maintain supplies,\" explained K Jayabharath Rao, SE, APSPDCL, Guntur.While all the rural areas across the state are facing a scheduled power cut for about eight hours, the mandal headquarters and municipal towns are facing power cuts for six hours. \"People would understand the situation if the officials stick to the scheduled time. We are unable to face the people with entire supply system becoming erratic,\" rued Macherla Congress candidate Pinnelli Lakshma Reddy. Senior minister Kasu Krishna Reddy, who is camping in Macherla, was seen calling all and sundry in APTransco and discoms to manage the situation but to no avail.The frequent power cuts have left thousands of artisans and self-employed youths jobless in the villages as without power they were compelled to close down their xerox centres, juice stalls, grinding units, X-ray units and medical labs, among others. Drinking water systems are worst-hit leaving lakhs without proper water supplies in rural areas. Analysts said their ire could go against the prospects of the ruling party candidates.\"We managed the power crisis despite facing three consecutive droughts. But this government is clueless and the people would teach it a fitting lesson in the bypolls,\" lashed out P Appalanaidu, TDP sympathizer in Payakaraopet. Sensing trouble from severe power cuts, Congress candidate for Nellore Lok Sabha constituency T Subbaramireddy went a step ahead by promising to get additional power quota from Centre if voters elect him. \"We are not fools to take their words seriously. These leaders promise heaven only during elections,\" fumed Shaik Mastan of Udayagiri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13985206", "title": "46 die a month in rural mishaps", "text": "NAGPUR: The growing number of deaths in road accidents have left the rural police a worried lot. The statistics of the road accidents in the last three years underlined the fact that fatalities have increased in road accidents in Nagpur district.A total of 544 people died in accidents in Nagpur (rural) in 2011, or about 45 per month. In 2010, 499 people had died in accidents. In the ongoing year, the numbers of deaths has been 46 per month in the first four months.The statistics form part of a survey by district traffic branch in-charge Jameel Ahmed and others on accidents on the highways and roads. The survey shows that 28 places in the entire districts have been identified as highly prone to accidents.There are four places in Mouda which included Mathni bridge, Rabdiwala point, Wadoda and Maharodi. Five places in Bori - Bothli, MIDC square, Mohgaon, Ruhi Kheri and Juna Pani - have been deemed accident-prone. The survey also includes seven places in Kalmeshwar - Nimji, Gondkhairi bus stop, Dahegaon, Brahman Wada, Kikhadi, Fetri and Khapri - and six in Kuhi which includes Pachgaon Chowkie, Khapri diversion, OT gas point, Advani Dhaba, Vihirgaon bypass and Umargaon bus stop. Places such as Chakri Ghat, Kalamna diversion, Gajanan Tekdi, Makardhokda and Thanagaon in Umred and Harna Kund in Deolapar Paoni too have been earmarked as accident prone in the survey conducted earlier this year.Nagpur (rural) superintendent of police Manoj Sharma said, \"The issue of accidents on roads and highways has left us concerned. Prevalence on illegal transportation is aggravating the situation but we are not being able to crack down on it due to other socioeconomic factors,\" said Sharma. The rural police chief and additional SP Prakash Jadhav claimed that there had been numbers of attempts to stem the trend but the accidents could not be checked.Sharma said that a number of accidents have also taken place as vehicles parked on the road on roadside without turning on the parking lights. \"We are expecting some funds from the district administration which would help us to procure radium stickers. Our traffic police would stick such radium bands on the vehicles so that they are made visible from far distance,\" he said.The survey report also earmarked several stretches on National Highways 6 and 7 and also on the state highway 69 as dangerous as far as accidents are concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13986723", "title": "Govt urged to formulate comprehensive flood plan", "text": "GUWAHATI: Experts have urged the state government to formulate a comprehensive policy on management of floods and erosion. The necessity of a state policy on the issue was raised during a consultation on water governance, organised by biodiversity conservation NGO Aaranyak and New Delhi-based NGO India Water Partnership here on Saturday. Floods and erosion are two major water-induced hazards that ravage the state every year, causing misery and large-scale loss of property and livelihoods. In fact, about 5 lakh hectare of land has been lost in the state due to erosion alone since the 1950s.\"This consultation is about identifying and analyzing the most important water-related issues in the state for formulating a set of strategies for effective mitigation focusing on interdisciplinary research, intervention and policy advocacy. While flood and river bank erosion and land degradation due to sand deposit are the major water related problems, Assam is also periodically facing drought like situation,\" Aaranyak's head of water, climate and hazard programme, Partha J Das said.There was also the demand for reviewing state's draft water policy formulated about five years ago in the light of new national water policy. The concept note of the study has already been submitted by the state government to the Centre. \"Union ministry of water resources has agreed on the study in principal. Now the proposal has been sent to the union ministry for development of North Eastern region for approval,\" an official said.The study was planned because another study carried out under the European Commission funded Brahmatwinn project earlier did not focus much on Brahmaputra within the state. \"Brahmatwinn focused its study on the upper reaches of Brahmaputra. Brahmaputra within the state is a massive network system of about 50 major tributaries and about 126 sub-tributaries. For dealing with the erosion problem and reclamation of eroded land we have to have a comprehensive study on Brahmaputra within the state. That is why we are going to carry out a fresh study on Brahmaputra,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "13981573", "title": "Hisar: 46 BSP men booked for sedition", "text": "HISAR: The Haryana police have booked 46 BSP activists for sedition for protesting the state government's inaction over the mass exodus of dalits from Hisar's Bhagana village due to alleged upper-caste boycott last month.The activists had blocked a road near Hisar's civil hospital and tried to burn CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda's effigy on Tuesday. The police had then arrested five activists for \"misbehaving with cops and obstructing their duty\".Investigating officer Vikas Kumar confirmed that charges under section 124 A (sedition) against the activists were added later. \"During investigations, including examination of video footage, we found that the accused had used inflammatory and derogatory words against the government in their speeches. They also raised castiest slogans,\" he said.Around 70 dalit families had left their homes on May 20 alleging social boycott.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13985856", "title": "Varsity pitches for 'add-on' courses", "text": "CHANDIGARH: From conducting specialized counselling sessions to inviting company executives, Panjab University affiliated colleges are going big this year on educating the applicants on newly introduced, add-on and innovative courses.Help desks with trained counsellors, display boards, props during prospectus sale are being used by aided colleges. Add-on courses like Business Insurance that have witnessed few takers in the past are topping the priority charts of colleges.\"We have invited company executives to promote add-on courses that are market oriented. Courses like Entrepreneurship and Cosmetology have always been most loved, but others like Business Insurance have not been seeing too many takers in past few years. Company executives will explain students the significance of these courses,\" says Meera Modi, principal, Dev Samaj College for Women in Sector 45. Colleges are also ensuring faculty members counselling applicants who come to seek prospectus. \"Some students who come to buy prospectus are made to sit with counsellors and understand all their options,\" she added.Not just private colleges, even government colleges are not behind in bidding their best courses to new applicants. Post-graduate Government College for Girls in Sector 42, for instance is planning to promote its add-on and innovative courses in a big way.\"Students who come to procure prospectus at sale counters can be educated about new courses or courses that have good vocational value. We are planning to even place display boards near the sale counters so that students get to know all their options,\" says Mani Bedi, principal, PGCG-42.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "13986195", "title": "Nagaland governor Nikhil Kumar writes to P Chidambaram on northeast people\u2019s security", "text": "KOHIMA: Nagaland governor Nikhil Kumar has written to Union home minister P Chidambaram recently to examine measures for prompt and effective grievance redressal of people from northeastern states living in New Delhi.In a letter dated June 1, the governor expressed his concern over instances of lapses in delivery of justice and over the perception of persistent social insecurity and discrimination among NE people, as brought to his notice, in a representation by Naga Students Union, Delhi.He also requested the home minister to examine the proposal for recruitment of people from NE in Delhi Police and Delhi Judicial Services to guard their interests. He further suggested advising the Lieutenant Governor of Delhi to assure people of the northeast of proper redressal of their grievances.It may be mentioned that the governor had held the posts of Commissioner of Delhi Police, special secretary' in the ministry of home affairs for internal security &amp; police and director general of National Security Guards during his illustrious career as an IPS officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13985220", "title": "Actor-director Enagi Nataraj passes away", "text": "DHARWAD: Noted actor-director Enagi Nataraj passed away on Saturday morning at his residence after a brief illness , bringing to an end a forty- year career in theatre.Nataraj, 54, director of Dharwad Rangayana, is survived by nonagenarian theatre personality father Enagi Balappa, mother Laxmidevi, wife and two sons.Nataraj, who was suffering from complications related to the liver and kidney, was being treated at a private nursing home for a week. His body was brought to Rangayana campus in Dharwad where dignitaries, artistes, writers and others paid their last respects. The body was taken to his native Enagi village in Bailhongal taluk of Belgaum district for the last rites.Acting came naturally to Nataraj as his father Enagi Balappa owned a professional theatre company and toured the state performing dramas. Nataraj first acted as a child artiste in Basaveshwara Mahatme. He was the first batch trainee of Ninasam of Heggodu.Nataraj carved a niche for himself with his excellent acting in Kannada plays 'Haddu Needida Haadi', 'Nata Samrat', 'Jagajyoti Basaveshwar', 'Burjwa Gentleman', 'Policeriddare Echharike' and 'Oedipus', among others. He started a theatre troupe 'Mela' but it was shortlived.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13978383", "title": "No secret deal with VS Achuthanandan: Oommen Chandy", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Chief minister Oommen Chandy has denied rumours that the government had a tacit understanding with leader of Opposition V S Achuthanandan. \"There is no secret deal. Everything is transparent,\" he told reporters here on Friday when asked about the rumours.Speculations were rife that the UDF government slow pedaled the investigations into the cases against VS and his son V A Arun Kumar following the recent political developments. The HC had criticized the vigilance for the slow pace of inquiry against Arun the other day. When asked about the HC observation, Chandy said if there was evidence, the vigilance would register a case.To a query whether VS called him regarding the TP murder case investigation, Chandy said No.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "13985624", "title": "N-plant officials conduct emergency exercise in village near Kudankulam", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: The Kudankulam nuclear power project officials and the Tirunelveli district administration held an 'off-site emergency exercise' at Nakkaneri village, seven km from Kudankulam, on Saturday . Holding such an emergency preparedness exercise is mandatory for the commissioning of any nuclear reactor and it was one of the demands of organizations spearheading the anti-nuclear protests.Officials from the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL), Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) and Department of Atomic Energy (DAE) were also present during the exercise. The villagers were distributed iodine tablets and were briefed on emergency preparedness measures. \"The coordination between the plant, public and relevant authorities were demonstrated during the exercise ,\" said power plant site director R Sundar. District collector R Selvaraj said the emergency preparedness exercise was conducted as per \"regulatory requirement and biennial programme.\"However, anti-nuclear activists slammed the exercise, saying it was a farce. \"The district administration and the project officials did not inform the people well in advance about the exercise. It was a secretive, illegal and fake disaster management training session conducted at Nakkaneri village just to create false records that they had satisfied the AERB requirement before they could load nuclear fuel rods,\" said People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) coordinator S P Udhayakumar . In the past, an attempt to conduct a similar exercise ended in villagers panicking and joining the antinuclear protests.\"Early this morning, the site engineer declared a plant emergency and subsequently the site director reached the plant, declared start of the site emergency exercise. Alert messages were sent to all relevant officials, including officials of NPCIL, DAE, AERB and district administration. The district collector declared an off-site emergency and exercise of counter measures began,'' said a statement from collector R Selvaraj.While plant officials claimed that the exercise was held from early morning to late afternoon and the villagers were explained about the measures like closing doors and windows and lying low during an emergency, PMANE activists said the whole exercise lasted just one hour. \"There are certain norms. We have conformed to the norms,\" said Sundar. Though the PMANE was demanding mock drill to be conducted in all villages within the 30km radius of the plant, Sundar said that there was no need to conduct similar exercise in other villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13978163", "title": "Tom Thomas gets his due after NDBA goof-up", "text": "NAGPUR: All's well that ends well. After a day-long drama, Tom Thomas deservedly got his due and was given the top billing in the men's singles event of the season-opener Bhagini Mandal district ranking badminton tournament which got underway at the YMCA Hall here on Saturday.Tom was reportedly livid when he was not given any seeding by the draw committee of the Nagpur District Badminton Association (NDBA) when they announced the seedings of various disciplines on Friday.The district champion for the last three years was surprised when he did not see his name in the men's singles seedings.However, better sense prevailed in the end and he was officially named as the top seed after the NDBA received a formal complaint by the player himself.\"The draw committee finalized the seedings on the basis of performance in the last tournament (Tulsiramji Gaikwad-Patil Memorial Badminton tournament) which was held in January this year. Tom did not participate in that tourney as he was busy playing in the Senior Nationals in Bangalore. Being the district champion for the last three years, Tom deserves to be top seed but we wanted a written complaint from him. Once we got it, we have now promoted him to the top of the draw,\" said NDBA secretary Mangesh Kashikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13981134", "title": "2 firemen hurt in cylinder blast at Nai Sarak house", "text": "New Delhi: At least five people, including two firemen, were injured in a cylinder blast while trying to put out a fire inside an Old Delhi house on Saturday. The incident was reported from the Nai Sarak area early in the morning.Luckily, all three members of the family whose house caught fire - owner Virender, his wife and their child - escaped with minor injuries. The five injured were admitted to Lok Nayak hospital and are under observation.Police and fire department sources said a short circuit started a fire in house number 2294 around 5.30am. \"The caller mentioned that household items had caught fire. When fire officials Pappu Singh and Brahmjeet reached the spot, they were met outside the house by three men, Mukesh Jain, Dinesh Jain and Shekhar Sharma. The firemen asked whether the main electricity supply was switched off and a gas cylinder was kept inside the two-storey house. When neighbours assured them the house had no cylinder, all five went inside and tried to douse the fire. Within minutes, there was a blast and all five were injured. The PCR van waiting outside rushed them to hospital,'' said a senior officer.Officials said at least four of the injured - the three neighbours and Pappu Singh - have burns. Brahmjeet escaped with minor injuries. \"It is an unfortunate incident and the worst injury to any fireman this year,'' said fire chief AK Sharma.Sharma said the incident could have been avoided had the firemen been provided with proper information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13981384", "title": "Cops foil robbery attempt in Rohini", "text": "New Delhi: A robbery bid was foiled in Begumpur, Rohini, as two constables chased away miscreants who wanted to loot an auto driver. Constables Rinku Rathee and Gauri Shankar were patrolling the area when they saw an auto driver shouting for help.Before they could understand the situation, the passengers jumped out of the auto and started running. During the chase, one of them even fired at the cops but missed. Finally, cops were able to nab one of the men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14001243", "title": "Will Congress fourth candidate win Monday's council poll?", "text": "BANGALORE: Its just mere five votes that separate Congress nominee M R Seetharam from making it to the legislative council on Monday and queering the pitch for him is Independent candidate, businessman Byrathi Suresh, who entered the election fray as a wild card.The party which can help the Congress to get Seetharam elected is the JD(S) which is sitting pretty with six surplus votes. With the old camaderie missing now between the two parties, the JD(S) has reportedly committed these six votes to Suresh, whose candidature , it supported at the time of nominations filing. Suresh has also enlisted the support of the six Independents (one being minister Varthur Prakash). Even with 12 votes, he will be falling short of seven , wherein the game of cross voting is expected.Elections are being held to 11 seats from the assembly to the council (MLAs are the voters to elect their counterparts in the Upper House). Each candidate requires 19 first preferential votes to get elected, but the BJP and JD(S) to be on the safer side is alloting 20 votes to each of its candiates. Counting of votes will be taken up on the same day at 5 pm.Going by its numerical strength in the assembly the BJP has fielded six candidates (120 MLAs), Congress four (71 MLAs) and JDS 1(26 members). There are seven Independents, but B Sriramulu is abstaining as he is on a padayatra.Taking a huge risk, which might embarass the party, if, Seetharam (fourth candidate) loses, the Congress is pulling all stops to ensure the victory of all. A win on Monday will boost the morale of the party, which is going through a bad patch with discontent among the top leaders coming out in the open.Both Seetharam and Suresh will have to bank on cross voting and the benevolence of second preferential votes either from the JD(S) or BJP.The BJP is confident of keeping its flock together, but it may not come as a surprise if some of its members choose to defy the whip. \"Our win is most important to us,\" chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda told reporters in Puttur.Dismissing speculation of cross-voting, Gowda said: \"We need 19.78 votes. Don't be surprised if we get additional votes. But we will not allot our surplus votes to others as the party does not want to encourage its legislators in the present context to vote for others lest it becomes a habit.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ramnathi", "code": "13997833", "title": "All India Hindu convention calls for common civil code", "text": "RAMNATHI: The 'All India Hindu convention' got underway in the temple town here Sunday with a call for Hindu unity aimed at making India a Hindu nation.The huge congregation of Hindu right-wing organizations and leaders from across the country also demanded a common civil code in India.National coordinator of Hindu Jangruti Samiti (HJS) - the organizers of the meet - Chitaranjan Sural from Kolkata stressed the need for India to have a common civil code. \"India would be able to move ahead in leaps and bounds if India adopts a common civil code\", he said calling for support from all sections of the society for the new system.Pramod Mutalik, President, Shriram Sena in South India, made it clear that the Sena doesn't follow Gandhian principle of non-violence. \"We are not Gandhians. Non-violence as a form of agitation cannot take up anywhere. We would rather follow in the footsteps of Bhagat Singh and Subhash Chandra Bose,\" Mutalik said.Perhaps this is his first public speech after his entry was banned by the Congress government more than a year ago in view of Sena-related violence in neighbouring Karnataka.At present, BJP is ruling Goa for the last three months. Without mincing words, he said \"We can achieve our objective only with aggression\".He alleged that the government was silent to the \"large scale\" conversion going on in Karnataka in the name of Love Jihad. Rameshwar Mishra, President , 'Dharmapalan Shodhpeeth' Bhopal, emphasized the need to end religious-based reservations in the country which he said are taking the country in reverse direction.He criticized the government on cow slaughter and said that the law is more on paper as indiscriminate cow slaughter is taking place in the country with overt or covert backing of the authorities.Mishra also cautioned the government of trying to take over temples. Criticising the government for eyeing rich temples, he warned that the people would come on the streets if the government doesn't give up its plans.Dr Neel Madhav Das, President, 'Tarun Hindu' organization, pointed out that when India became a republic in 1960, there was nothing called as secular in the constitution of India. It was only in 1976 during an amendment, the word secular was incorporated in the constitution.According to the organizers, the five-day conference will also discuss issues related to conversion, religious reservations, persecution of Hindus in the Hindu-majority India. The meet is to also chalk out an action plan aimed at making India a Hindu nation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13997924", "title": "Search begins for new United forum of Bank employees\u2019 Union convenor", "text": "INDORE: As the existing convenor of United forum of Bank employees' Union (UFBU), which comprises all the nine bank employees' unions across the country, CH Venkatachalam, has retired from his services, the search has begun to elect a new convenor for the forum, which acts as an umbrella organisation for all the bank employees unions in the country.Since the present incumbent has retired from the bank and hence ceased to represent All India Bank Officers' Committee (AIBOC), the need has arisen to elect a new convener for UFBU. It was decided that the same would be taken up in the next meeting of the UFBU, said Venkatachalam in his communication to the members of UFBU.The next meeting of UFBU will be held in Chennai on 06 July. Not to mention that Venkatachalam was resp0onsible for smoothly conduct of the ninth bipartite wage negotiations for the bank employees. Not only the fact that the bank staff were able to get a hike of 17.5% during the wage negotiations, but also they were able to get second option for pensions which had become due after sixth bipartite. Again, the new UFBU convenor will have to lead the bank employees unions for the 10th bipartite, talks for which have already begun early this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13999355", "title": "High voltage drama in the 100th episode of Amrit Manthan", "text": "Amrit (Ada Khan) is trying every trick in the book to ruin Nimrit and Agam's ( Navi Bhangu) relationship and to break Agam's family in Director's Kut's 'Amrit Manthan'. The 100th episode of the show that will be aired tonight, promises loads of drama.On tonight's episode, Agam will ask Nimrit (Dimple Jhangiani) to choose between him and her sister Amrit. Amrit will weave a plan to kill Nimrit in a blast but she will survive. Agam will realize that Amrit was the one behind all the miseries that he had to face. She was the one who tried to ruin Nimrit and his life.In a major confrontation that happens between Agam and Amrit, finally Amrit will confess that she was behind all that happened to him. Agam will try to expose her in front of the entire family but Amrit who is known for her tricks will go back from her words. Nimrit who is unaware about Amrit's reality will support her sister and this will lead to a full-on drama. When contacted, Producer Rajan Shahi (Amrit Manthan) said, \"It's a fantastic feeling and can't be described in words. I am very happy that the show has completed 100 episodes. I find the show very interesting as 'Bidaai' was about a supreme love and sacrifice of a sister. Whereas, 'Amrit Manthan' is based on the extreme hate of one sister for the other and both are true facts of life.\" \"We are a like a group of friends and we have really worked hard for the show!\" says Dimple Jhangiani aka Nimrit who is going crazy as her show completes 100 episodes tonight. About the show hitting the century she adds, \"Well, it's a very fast moving soap and now it's all ready to take a big turn. I just hope people love us and continue watching Amrit Manthan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13992570", "title": "Art hub that floats on the Brahmaputra", "text": "Catch a free film or drop in for a discussion about river people at India's first floating art hub housed in an abandoned ferry banked in Guwahati. Moored along the banks of the Brahmaputra in Guwahati's Sukleswar ghat lies MV Chandardinga. The green railings give nothing away, but enter it and nothing is at it should be. The spiral bamboo structure on the roof of the ferry is the least of it. Built in 1972, it was used by the Assam government's water transport department till the late '80s. The double-hulled two-engine barge still runs on diesel, but instead of ferrying people, it now ferries ideas. In 2007, Sonal Jain and Mriganka Madhukaillya \u2014 one a former professor at National Institute of Design, Ahmedabad, the other a professor of design at IIT, Guwahati; both in their early 30s, both new media artists \u2014 rechristened the abandoned barge, Periferry. \"No one owns it. It's a piece of scrap,\" says Madhukaillya, who, along with Jain envisioned the ferry as an artist residency space. Since its opening, the ferry has transformed with every artist who has walked into it. Between December 2009 and February 2010, Belgian artists Bartaku and Christina Stadlbauer were in residency. They explored through workshops, \"investigations\" and \"interventions\", what water means to the people who live along the banks and in the bustling metropolis of Guwahati. Stadlbauer converted the ferry into a food lab, as local people came in with indigenous herbs and medicines and spoke to her about folk tales. In 2009, artist Sanchayan Ghosh interacted with different cultural and ethnic communities living on the banks of river to delve into their memories of the city. From April to November, 2010, Dorendra Singh, a young artist from Northeast India, took part in a project called Camera Praxis, and curated film screenings, video workshops and discussions on the ferry. Everyone was invited. \"I have grown up in this area. This was the place where we had our first drinks,\" says Madhukaillya. The barge was always part of their background. It was only after Jain returned from Ahmedabad after the Godhra riots, that the duo thought of creating a \"heterotrophic space\" -- a real world within a utopian context. A space that is peripheral, but engaging with that which is central. \"The ferry takes on any shape. People wonder, is it a studio? Is it a gallery? It's a public space. Anyone can access it. Homeless people have walked in too. We don't demarcate who can enter. We don't tag this as an art space, either, because that presupposes a target audience. Periferry is a laboratory,\" explains Madhukaillya. But the authorities seem suspicious of this never-never land. For the past four years, the duo has been trying to get permissions in place for Periferry's maiden journey upstream. Despite having received a generous grant from the Ford Foundation , Periferry remains moored at its jetty. Jain and Madhukaillya want to travel with a slew of artists, including one from Vienna who maps rivers, and students from various Indian art institutions. \"We want to map out the narratives of the Brahmaputra,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13986668", "title": "Precious preserves", "text": "Inside the small 121-year-old, world-famous Khuda Bakhsh Library located on the bank of the Ganga on Ashok Raj Path, one would be surprised to find a treasure of rare manuscripts and antiquities.The earliest item, from the point of antiquity, preserved in the library is a page of the Holy Quran, written on parchment in Kufic script which belongs to 9th century AD. An extremely valuable copy of the Holy Quran, dated AD 1269, in the Naskh script, written by renowned author of Abbaside period, Yaqut al-Mustasmi, richly decorated by floral and gilded margins, is yet another prized possession. A richly decorated copy of Holy Quran which was in the library of Raja Ram Narain Mauzoon, the deputy Nazim of Bihar at the time of the battle of Plassey, found its way to KBL.Among other valued possessions is the copy of Tarikh-e-Khandan-e-Timuriah which is the only extant copy in the world. This excellent and profusely illustrated text narrates the history of Timur and his descendants till the 22nd reginal year of Akbar. It has been authenticated by Shah Jahan by his personally written note. The paintings numbering about 133 are among the finest creations of the Mughal imperial atelier under Akbar.The library boasts of the only extant copy of famous Persina work Diwan-e-Hafiz. It was preserved in the Mughal imperial library and the Mughal emperors used it for bibliomancy or consulting the book for deciphering omens. The manuscript bears the notes made by Humayun and Jahangir in their own handwritings.There are two other highly valued possessions \u2014 Shah Nama of the 16th century and Padshah Nama of the 17th century. The first one offers a detailed account of the reign of Sultan Mohammad III of Turkey and was preserved in Shah Jahan's library.The second one offers a full account of the life of Shah Jahan and contains pictorial presentations of some of the important monuments of Shah Jahan's time, including Taj Mahal and Jami Masjid.Among Arabic manuscripts, two are of special mention. The first is the 'Kitab-al-Hashaish' which deals with medicinal plants and herbs and contains exquisite paintings. It was transcribed from Greek to Arabic in 11th century. The other is 'Kitb-al-Tasreef', which deals with surgery.The library also has a collection of 40 Sanskrit manuscripts, written on palm leaf, and some are in Mithilakshar also.Three of these are unique in significance, including one which is a five century old collection of Upanishad. KBL possesses a bilingual history of the Saracens (Arabs) in Latin and Arabic. It was printed as early as 1625 and is the oldest printed book in the library.The library also has a copy of Lord Byron's Ode to Napoleon wherein two additional stanzas have been added in what is considered to be Byron's own handwriting. There is also a diary of Napoleon bearing the seal of the personal secretary of Napoleon III.KBL director Imtiaz Ahmad said, \"The library has a glorious past, a splendid present and is heading towards a brilliant future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi/mumbai", "code": "13978134", "title": "Sibal\u2019s exam plan splits IITs, Delhi- Bombay to go Kanpur way", "text": "NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: The HRD ministry's decision to hold an all-inclusive common engineering test appears to have split the Indian Institutes of Technology vertically. Indications are that IIT Delhi and Bombay could back IIT Kanpur in holding their own entrance test while Madras, Roorkee, Kharagpur and Guwahati will stand by the Centre's decision.If the current wave of resentment among faculty, which gathered momentum on Saturday, a day after IITK's decision, is backed by their respective senates, it would add to the raft of entrance tests students take after their boards. IITK's senate called the HRD ministry's decision on admissions \"academically and methodically unsound\". Faculty members in Delhi and Bombay also expressed resentment that the concerns raised by them, including the 2014 roll-out, were not addressed by the HRD ministry.All India IIT Faculty Federation secretary Prof A K Mittal said, \"The IIT Kanpur's decision should not be seen in isolation. We are talking to all IITs and there is resentment among them on the fact that the IITs will not conduct their own exam and that the introduction has been scheduled for 2013 despite our reservations on the preparedness.\"But IIT Guwahati director Gautam Barua criticised IITK senate's decision. \"I am sad that they have to take this extreme step for such a small matter. Right now, we are not talking about one common entrance test. We are basically talking about... having a common exam for NITs, IITs and IIITs. Whether this leads to a common exam for everybody, only time will tell,\" he said. His IIT Kharagpur counterpart Damodar Acharya said the institution did not have any objection to the Centre's move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13981395", "title": "Siblings used ill-gotten money to turn businessmen", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Hukamsinh and Vikramsinh Rao are one enterprising duo who made millions in white from money earned through cloned card forgery.Crime branch officials revealed that the brothers who studied only up to fifth standard did not blow up the moolah earned through credit card forgery, but invested it to put up factories manufacturing ice-cream and mineral water.Both the enterprises did well in the parched state. In fact, the Rao brothers clocked a profit of neat Rs 1.5 crore, all white, last year.The brain behind the forgery, Hukamsinh, was forced to earn money when his father incurred heavy loss in business, plunging the family in financial crisis. Hukamsinh went to Mumbai to work in a TV repair shop. Having found a footing, he started a small electronics gadget shop where he also had a credit card swipe machine. He started offering people to use their credit cards without buying anything from his shop. He would give them the money for which the card was swiped taking a four per cent cut.In 2007, he got in touch with a Nigerian national who sold him cloned credit cards. He would use these cards for forgery and buy mainly gold and laptops which were essentially fast moving goods in the illegal market and easily sold. He would buy mobiles only if laptops and gold were not available. After earning good black money, he and his brother Vikramsinh invested the money and started ice cream and mineral water factories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13985978", "title": "CH01AN auction to see chase for nines", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The hunt for the best of CH01AN series vehicle registration numbers has begun. The top 10 remain the perennial favourite, but this time 0090, 9000 and 9999 have emerged the hot favourites for those trying their luck for special numbers.On Saturday, the last day for applying for choice digits, 751 applications were received by the Registration and Licensing Authority (RLA). Of these, 161 numbers are to be auctioned. \"We received 12 applications for numbers like 9000, 9999 and 0090,\" said a RLA official.Auction of the new series to be held next week is expected to swell the kitty of the authority in a big way.During the auction of CH01AM series, RLA had sold 164 VIP numbers and earned over Rs 50 lakh. The number of applications received was 816 last time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13987071", "title": "Temperature to cross 44 degrees Celsius in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI:The clouds that were visible in the sky about two-three days ago have now cleared paving way for the rise in the intensity of heat waves in the region.According to Prof SN Pandey, department of Geophysics, Banaras Hindu University (BHU), clouds have vanished because they did not get enough moisture. The temperature of the region can cross 44 degrees in 4-5 days.According to Pande \"till the monsoon crosses Maharashtra, the weather conditions of the region will remain the same.\" The pre- monsoon thunderstorm in the region are now expected to get delayed by 4-5 days delaying the expected date for the arrival of monsoon which was earlier June 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13987201", "title": "Corporation.gets moving on water-logging", "text": "COIMBATORE: A defining image that city residents associate with the rainy season is that of waterlogged Avinashi bridge and Kaleeswara Mill underpasses and the serpentine line of vehicles vying for space.With the rains at the doorsteps of the city, the city corporation is frantically doing maintenance works at the pump houses in these areas to minimize water-logging in these low-lying areas. \"We are checking the motor pumps to get them ready when the rain starts so that excess water could be pumped out without causing inconvenience to the public,\" said TK Ponnusamy, commissioner, Coimbatore Municipal Corporation.At the moment, there are two 50 HP electric motors and another 50 HP diesel-operated one that is used to pump out excess water from the underpass during heavy rains. A 25 HP diesel-operated motor is also kept on stand by at the pump house located just below the Avinashi Bridge. Two electric motor units of 25 and 15 HP power are installed for pumping out water from the Kaleeswara Mill underpass area. An additional 20 KV diesel-operated motor is also to be installed in the coming days to ensure that maximum water is being pumped out from the areas during the rains.On Saturday, afternoon an electrical maintenance team was busy carrying out repair work of the electrical circuits at the pump house to ensure automatic functioning of the motors. It is a vital aspect as the motors are fine-tuned so that it starts operating whenever water level rises up in the underpass. \"It is very important because if it rains at night and there is no operator to manually turn on the motors, it will lead to excess water logging. The automatic operation feature is already there but we have to do some repair work in the circuit board,\" said one of the employees at the pump house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13979854", "title": "Habits raise cervical cancer risk", "text": "New Delhi: Every fourth death due to cervical cancer occurs in India, and by 2025 the death rate could increase by 70%, data published by Internal Agency for Research on Cancer shows. The reasons for this surge in cervical cancer cases range from unprotected sex with multiple partners to early sexual activity and poor genital hygiene. Doctors say a few precautions can help women avoid the disease.\"Cervical cancer is mainly caused by the human papilloma virus (HPV); it's sexually transmitted. Women who have had more than one sexual partner in their lifetime or have intercourse with a man who has had more than one partner, are likely to be infected,\" said Dr GK Rath, who heads the BRA Institute Rotary Cancer Hospital at AIIMS. \"Practising good genital hygiene can lower the risk by more than 50%,\" he added.According to Dr Aasha Sharma, head of the gynaecology department at Rockland Hospital, girls who have sex at a young age are also at higher risk. \"Early exposure to HPV increases the risk of cervical cancer as it increases the overall time frame that the virus has to influence the development of abnormal cancerous cells,\" she said. Sharma stressed the need for HPV vaccination.Dr Suversha Khanna, executive director of Dharmshila Cancer Hospital and Research Centre, said early diagnosis has made fighting cervical cancer easier in developed nations. \"Regular gynaecological checkups and specific tests like pap smear after a woman becomes sexually active can help in early diagnosis.\"Early stages of the cancer bring on symptoms like abnormal vaginal bleeding or spotting between periods, pain during intercourse or bleeding afterwards, pelvic pain and weight loss. Treatment depends on the stage of the cancer. \"In the early stages, it can be treated by a cone biopsy, which involves removing a part of the cervix. However, in advanced cases, a major surgery involving removal of the uterus is necessary. This may be combined with radiation and chemotherapy,\" said an expert.He added that in some cases the entire treatment revolves around radiation therapy, with or without chemotherapy.durgesh.jha@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13987761", "title": "Poor marks irk MSc students, only six out of 41 clear exam", "text": "INDORE: Students of Masters of Science were in for a rude shock when they came to know that they have failed in first semester ATKT examination despite performing well. Nearly 30 students of MSc second semester at Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV), on Saturday, alleged of poor marking system in Topology subject as only six students out of 41 could pass the examination.The students had earlier raised doubts over the evaluation a few days back when the results were announced. Following which, the vice chancellor had asked them to visit Nalanda campus on Saturday. But, being a holiday, students could not meet him. Later, they approached the revaluation centre at Takshila campus to check the answer sheets. They found that most of the answers were either left unchecked or not allotted marks.\"Invigilators had left several answers unchecked. I had attempted all the questions so failing in examination was out of question. This shows university's poor administration and its attitude towards the students,\" said one of the students.Later, students started protesting with the students' union representatives at the revaluation centre and demanded rectification. Sahil Farooqui, a student leader representing NSUI said, \"Some students who failed in the examination were gold medalist in their graduation. We checked the copies of the students at revaluation centre and were stunned to see several answers left unchecked.\"The police had to be called to pacify them. Meanwhile, vice chancellor has reportedly asked the students to meet him on Monday when invigilators will check the copies on the spot and make the required changes,\" said Farooqui.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13980205", "title": "Ganapathy and his aides met Peoples Liberation Army members in 2009", "text": "KOLKATA: Manipur-based insurgent outfit Peoples Liberation Army (PLA) and the CPI(Maoists) have been in close contact for the past six years. Following the arrest of three PLA operatives and one of their Maoist counterparts, officers of the National Investigating Agency (NIA) gained access to evidence which not only proved the above fact, but also revealed that senior leaders of both the outfits know each other personally. Investigators had, earlier, downplayed the connection between the two organizations.Probe revealed that a 10-member delegation from the CPI(Maoist), which included party general secretary Ganapathy, eastern bureau secretary Prasanta Bose who is also the second in command of the red rebel brigade, northern bureau chief Janardan and the head of its military wing Prakash, met three PLA delegates in Dandyakaranya at a Maoist camp to discuss the joint cooperation strategy. The meeting was held on May 23, 2009.In a chargesheet submitted against three top PLA operatives - N Dilip Singh alias Wangba, in charge of the outfit's foreign affairs, Senjam Dhiren Singh alias Raghu and Arnold Singh alias Becon \u2014 NIA officers claimed that since 2006, both the organizations have been operating a Kolkata office for better liaison between the two. \" Dilip Singh and his team were entrusted to keep contact with the Maoists,\" stated the 24-page chargesheet which was submitted at Guwahati.NIA officers said that following the Dandyakaranya meeting, senior Maoist leader Comrade Alok met PLA president Irengbam Chaoren Singh at a PLA camp located at Myanmar's Sagaing division in 2009. Maoist party sources confirmed the meeting and they hinted that slain Maoist politburo leader Koteswar Rao was the emissary in Myanmar where he also met ULFA chief Paresh Baruah under the party name, Comrade Pradeep. Baruah, who is now staying at a Myanmar-based camp, also confirmed the meeting with the Maoists.The NIA chargesheet stated that Dhiren and Arnold were the key men to run the Kolkata office through which the Maoists had paid Rs 50 lakh to PLA for a consignment of advanced communication devices. The amount was withdrawn by Dhiren at Mizoram. The NIA officers said that though the evidence of the transaction was found, there were more such transactions which are yet to be established. According to the chargesheet, following Dilip's instruction, on July 29, three PLA trainers met Arnold at Guwahati. They stayed at a guesthouse there and reached Kolkata two days later. The four took refuge at Arnold's rented house in Tollygunge.Dhiren met the group there along with his Maoist counterpart Comrade Raj and after spending two weeks in Kolkata, Arnold and the three trainers reached Rourkela by train. The team was received by Maoist leader Comrade Sagar, who is a member of the outfit's central military commission. The PLA team taught Maoist guerrillas how to handle the communication gadgets, which indicates that by then, the red brigade had received some consignments of the communication devices. Two months later, another PLA team trained Maoists in Saranda.Following the arrests of the three PLA operatives, NIA rounded up Maoist liaison person Indranil Chanda from Kolkata. Chanda's interrogation revealed that more such joint offices were operational in Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13983722", "title": "In this UK school, pupils can speak 31 languages", "text": "LONDON: A British primary school is virtually a league of nations as the students speak an astonishing 31 different languages, including Bengali, Sylheti, Tamil, Punjabi, Urdu and Gujarati besides English.The 414 students at the English Martyrs' Catholic School in Birmingham speak 31 languages between them and pupils who speak English as their first language are in a minority , the Daily Mail reported.In order to deal with the range of languages spoken, teachers are all trained to teach English as an additional language.The school sometimes uses translators, as well as a 'buddy' system where new students are paired with one already at the school who has the same mother tongue.Other languages spoken are Afrikaans, Arabic, Czech, Dutch, Gaelic, Hindko, Patois, Kachi, Lingala, Mirpuri, Nepalese , Pashto, Polish, Portuguese , Romanian, Somali, Sudanese , and Yoruba.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13978836", "title": "Chhota Rajan behind Pune jail murder?", "text": "NEW DELHI: With suspicions swirling around the murder of Indian Mujahideen operative Qateel Siddiqui in Pune's high-security Yerwada jail on Friday, the police are exploring the possible involvement of underworld elements, particularly that of Chhota Rajan.Rajan's possible role is under the scanner because the gangster has styled himself as \"patriotic don\" ever since he fell out with Dawood Ibrahim over the latter masterminding the 1993 serial blasts as a retaliation to the communal riots following the Babri demolition.Rajan's erstwhile accomplices \u2014Bharat Nepali, Santosh Shetty, Vijay Shetty and Ravi Pujari among others \u2014 who formed their own gangs since have also targeted the D-company which is now a full-fledged ally of Pakistan's ISI.Interestingly, Sharad Mohol and Alok Bhalerao, the two inmates who strangled Siddiqui, told interrogators that they killed him because he had tried to blow up the temple of their deity, Ganapati, and was engaged in anti-national activities.\"This is a classic line that Rajan gang and his splinter groups use to justify their actions. Though there is no concrete evidence yet of any gang being involved in Siddiqui's killing \u2014 nor are the killers known to be affiliated to any gang \u2014 circumstances do point to a hit job,\" said a Mumbai Crime Branch official.'Gangsters sport nationalist veil'Such \"nationalist\" postures help elevate the status of gangs and gangsters as well as their acceptability, transforming them from criminals to a counterweight to Pakistan-backed underworld like the D-company, said a senior police officer.For instance, in April last year, the Mumbai crime branch arrested three operatives of the Vijay Shetty gang from the Mumbai sessions court premises just before they were to take a hit at 7/11 train blasts accused Ehtesham Siddiqui. Those nabbed had also planned the escape of those accused of killing advocate Shahid Azmi, who appeared for terror suspects.Just like the Siddiqui murder accused, the troika arrested from the Mumbai sessions court justified their plan to eliminate Ehtesham on the grounds that he was involved in \"anti-national\" activities.In fact, Azmi, who has defended several 7/11 accused, was killed by shooters of Bharat Nepali on the same pretext. \"The Rajan camp has always felt that through these killings they will somewhat win the favour of Indian intelligence agencies which will help them flourish,\" said another official who has investigated cases against Rajan and his estranged aides. Another reason for the needle to point towards Rajan gang's possible involvement in Siddiqui's killing is its wide network inside Maharashtra jails. Several of his aides such as D K Rao and slain gangster Farid Tanasha have operated freely from behind bars. They have also recruited men for the gang from among inmates and pulled off sensational murders inside the jails in the past.A case in point is the murder of estranged Rajan aide O P Singh in 2003. Singh was lodged in Nashik jail while around 20 members of the Rajan gang were in Mumbai's Arthur Road jail. In September that year, all these 20 inmates, including D K Rao, were summarily transferred to Nashik jail without any court order or security concern. Within three days of the transfer, the gang murdered Singh. The incident led to suspension of a dozen officers from both jails.What has strengthened the underworld angle is the suspicious turn of events leading to Siddiqui's murder. Jail sources say Siddiqui was seen freely mixing with his killers \u2014 Mohol and Bhalerao \u2014 earlier and the trio would even play chess off and on. \"So if they hated him so much, they should have been hostile to him earlier,\" said an investigating official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13977727", "title": "Election Commission notice to Chiranjeevi", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Election Commission (EC) on Saturday issued a notice to Congress MP Chiranjeevi for his remarks at an election meeting in Tirupati on the basis of a complaint filed by YSR Congress. He has been asked to submit his explaination by Sunday noon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13980499", "title": "Fruit of dispute: No kesar trading for Talala market this year", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There is nothing sweet in mangoes for farmers in Talala. The market yard, hub of kesar mangoes, has not traded a single box of the fruit and the season is about to end. Reason, the market is closed for trading following a dispute over charging of commission.Market yard officials said trading of mangoes began in mid-May but is closed now. A Gujarat high court order and notification from state government said that the agents should not charge 10 per cent commission from farmers, but can take the same from the buyers.This has led to a tiff as market yard agents wanted to charge the farmers. Market officials said by charging the farmers, the traders wanted to increase their profit margin. They said for a 20 kg box of Rs 300, the agent would only pay Rs 270 to the farmer.Officials said in May when trading began, agents began to collect commission from the farmers after which the market yard closed. However, despite several attempts, the standstill continued and the trading was closed for the year.Market yard secretary H H Jarsaniya said, \"We have closed mango trading this year. We had the biggest market share in mango trading. But this year following the row over commission, trading is yet to begin.\"He further said it was a huge loss to farmers. They were forced to sell their mangoes in Junagadh and Jamnagar. A couple of farmers are hiring a truck on their own and going to Ahmedabad to sell their mangoes in the wholesale market.An office-bearer of the market yard said the farmers were being exploited. Mango prices in Talala were the highest from any other market yard. Hence, local farmers have failed to get a good price for their quality stuff. He said that in the absence of trading, farmers were selling mangoes outside the market yard to the agents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13963760", "title": "Fashion graduates of NIFT", "text": "The graduation ceremony of NIFT students took place not at their college, but at a happening cafe in the city recently, with some blues and rock music playing live.Along with director general Prem Kumar Gera and centre director Anupreet Duggal, in attendance were FDCI head honcho Sunil Sethi and Meera and Muzaffar Ali.Awards and accoldaes: In the midst of the celebrations, there was an award ceremony as well. \"I've seen their work, and I must say, all these students are employable the minute they begin to look for a job,\" exclaimed Sethi, who said he was there not as the FDCI chief, but as a member of the board of governors of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13985552", "title": "Coup stage managed?", "text": "Chief minister Naveen Patnaik in his wildest dream might not have imagined that his maiden foreign trip after assuming power in the state in 2000 would snare him in a web of troubles back home. Barely had he landed in London, human right activists there were up in arms questioning his obsession for private industrial projects at the cost of common people especially tribals. Scared to face them, the CM scrapped his scheduled public lecture on Odisha's progress at the Institute of Development Studies (IDS) near Brighton.But that drew no comfort for him as his phone kept ringing, giving signals of attempts being made back home to dethrone him. More scary was the report that the coup leader was none else than his Man Friday Pyarimohan Mohapatra, who many considered Odisha's de facto chief minister for the last 12 years and whom Naveen not only consulted before putting signature on any file but left the BJD with him to do whatever he liked to make it an invincible regional party. He frantically called Pyari and asked what he was up to. If Pyari is to be believed, he tried to convince him that he had no lust for the chief minister's post nor was he gathering MLAs to show his strength. But an insecure Naveen was far too convinced. Cutting short his visit he flew back to Bhubaneswar on May 31 to quell the revolt.He has since dismissed three ministers, suspended two MLAs and also Pyari (Rajya Sabha MP) from the party. But, if BJD insiders are to be believed, an uneasy calm continues to hover over the party. Some say Naveen's action has helped in abating out the storm for now. However, there are others who read the post-mutiny stillness as a lull before the storm. What particularly continues to niggle their minds is the visit on May 29 of as many as 33 MLAs and some ministers to Pyari's house, where the much-hyped oust-Naveen plan was claimed to be taking shape. \"The revolt may have subsided for now and Pyari may have lost the battle. But so many MLAs showing up at his residence is a clear proof of the growing frustration in the party. It is not a good sign,\" remarked a senior BJD leader.The onset of Pyari in Odisha's political scene was like the 1999 super cyclone, whose severity and ferocity were not seen in the state's recent history. Pyari was an IAS officer and served as secretary to Biju Patnaik when he was chief minister in the early 1990s. After Biju's demise in 1997 when a group in the then Janata Dal floated the regional party, Biju Janata Dal (BJD) and invited his son, Naveen, as its president, out of the blue came Pyari reportedly reviving his old Biju connection to become his friend, philosopher and guide. The Naveen-Pyari duo became such a formidable combination that they systematically wiped out anybody in politics who they thought could pose slightest threat to them anytime in future. Even they reduced both the Opposition parties, Congress and BJP, to a position of disarray.Politics in Odisha soon started revolving round these two persons. Pyari for all practical purposes ran the show in the government, while Naveen, ignorant of the state, its people and language, only signed files as chief minister on the dotted line. Pyari held no position in the party as well. But nothing moved in the BJD without his consent. As the regional party, conceived and formed to champion the aspirations of backward Odisha at the national forum, turned itself to an 'individual centric outfit', ministers and party MLAs, some of whom having decades of experience in politics, made beeline for Pyari's 'darshan, blessings and advice'. Many could be seen in public touching his feet. Be it affairs in the government and party, BJD people recall whenever they met Naveen he signaled them to meet 'Pyaribabu'. Unlike Biju Patnaik, both Naveen and Pyari were inaccessible to the general public. Naveen was hardly worried because in public esteem he possessed a 'clean, transparent and messiah of the downtrodden' image. Pyari in contrast carried a 'devil' image though in the party he was considered next to god. In a recent interview with the TOI, Pyari had admitted that Naveen and he had deliberately chalked out this strategy to don 'bad cop, good cop' image for political gain and 'it clicked'. He said he had unhesitatingly courted the 'bad cop' image because he had no ambition for the chief minister's chair.Now that Naveen and Pyari are on a collision course, Odisha is set to move on a different political track. Naveen has described Pyari 'beimaan' (traitor). Pyari has retaliated describing Naveen 'Bhasmasura' and 'Krutaghna (ungrateful)'. He feels the allegation that he was trying to overthrow Naveen was a figment of imagination created by the media and some vested interests in the BJD and has said he is not going to take this humiliation lying down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13978365", "title": "Mapping the roots of the Legislative Council", "text": "When Mysore administrators wanted to enlarge the scope of public discourse when they formulated laws, they set up the Legislative Council.The mandate was that those who get into the council should bring in their practical experience and knowledge so as to make the discussion all-encompassing. There were tough mechanisms to consult the public on laws and regulations, so there was a need to broadbase them. Thanks to Maharaja Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar, the idea was put into action when the Legislative Council was established on June 22, 1907.This came after 25 years when the state had constituted Representative Assembly as a means to consult the public on the matters of public importance, including tax structure. While prominent public figures were debating laws at the Representative Assembly (set up by Maharaja Chamaraja Wadiyar in 1881) and the Dewan-headed Executive Council, the administrators felt the need to widen the base of public consultation. When Karnataka is going for polls to the legislative council, mapping its roots makes for an interesting and timely read.The legislation depended largely on the Dewan and the Executive Council. \"Given the composition of the Executive Council and its character, it was realized that its proceedings did not permit legislative measures being considered fully and from as many points of view as was desirable,\" Mysore historian C Hayavadana Rao has noted in 'Mysore Gazetteer'. \"His Highness was accordingly pleased to enlarge the Council for the purpose of making laws and regulations by associating with a certain number of official and non-official gentlemen who could bring their practical experience and knowledge of local conditions and requirements to bear in the discussion of legislative measures,\" he had noted in the book published in 1930.When it was set up, it comprised the Dewan as the president, and two councilors who were ex-officio members, and experts from various fields. Interestingly, the Representative Assembly was not given privilege of electing members to the Legislative Council, which was set up when V P Madhava Rao was the Dewan of the State. But bowing to demands from the Representative Assembly, it was amended, and two seats were allowed to be filled by the Representative Assembly.Significantly, a year before the Legislative Council was constituted, the administrators had made change in the Executive Council, apparently upset that it didn't meet its mandate. \"In 1906, a small but notable change was introduced into the constitution of the Executive Council. The modified rules invested the Councillors with a certain measure of administrative responsibility, the lack of which had been felt to be the chief reason why the new consultative Council of 1902 failed to fulfill the objects with which it was constituted,\" Rao has noted in his work. The change allowed the members of the Executive Council to pass final orders on matters concerning departments they were assigned to.Within months after the Legislative Council was set up, it passed a regulation which gave legislative form to the \"inherent powers of the maharaja\" to regulate criticism in the press. The riders were in the interest of the State or public morality.The strength of the House was increased gradually. In 1923, the strength of the Legislative Council was fixed at 50, with a condition that 60% of the members should be non-officials. There were representatives from University of Mysore, while the commerce and trade bodies, planters and labour were given representation. There was reservation for minorities and depressed classes, and the government nominated them if they were not elected. History has it that the Legislative Council was empowered in 1914 to discuss the budget. They could move cut motions too. The members of the Legislative Council were allowed to put supplementary questions in 1915. Like the strength of the House, the tenure was gradually increased -- it was three years in 1917, and four in 1940. Now, it is six years. In 1940, the freedom of speech was conferred on the members of both the Representative Assembly and the Legislative Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "13982238", "title": "Woman sets infant, self ablaze", "text": "PALANPUR: A 25-year-old woman set her one-and-half-year-old daughter and herself ablaze at Aakvi village around 5 km from Siddhpur in Patan district on Saturday. While the infant died, the woman, who suffered 70 per cent burns, was rushed to a Ahmedabad hospital. The woman in her complaint said that she was being allegedly harassed by her husband and in-laws and they were being instigated by a nearby shop-keeper Raju Jethabhai Patel.Police have registered a case against the woman for killing the infant and also against her mother-in-law Khemiben Patel, father-in-law Hiralal and husband Alkesh among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "sbs nagar", "code": "13986066", "title": "A yoga camp for senior citizens", "text": "SBS NAGAR: For four days, between Wednesday and Saturday, the senior citizens from SBS Nagar and SKS Nagar utilized the opportunity to learn yoga early morning at a free camp organized in public park of SBS Nagar F block.Those who participated in the camp wore a smile of contentment on the concluding day as they gained a way of healthy living during the camp.F block resident Bansi Lal Kawatri said joint pains become a usual affair among old people once they age beyond 60. ''And not every one can get a knee replacement surgery done, so yoga is a useful method to keep physically fit,'' he added.Kawatri said they learned various asanas and will practice them regularly. SKS Nagar resident T N Ahuja, a businessman, said, the camp was organized by Bhartiya Yog Sansthan and was really helpful for every participant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13986097", "title": "Electronic screens to flash status of parking lots", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the coming week or 10 days, you'll find big electronic screens at entry and exit points of two main parking lots of Sector 17 - Sahib Singh and Empire Store lots. The MC authorities will install these to inform the public about the exact status of the parking lots, indicating whether these are full or if there is space.The development came on Saturday following the visit of Punjab and Haryana high court officials along with the MC's engineering wing to the two parking lots, following which the former asked the MC officials to install these electronic screens. These screens will flash a 'full' with a red signal when all the slots in these parking lots are occupied, so that commuters make their way to other lots.\"This suggestion was given by the high court officials to us so that we can take immediate measures to decongest these lots and provide hassle-free parking. We have asked engineers of the electricity wing to prepare an estimate for the screens and we'll soon install them,\" said an official of the engineering wing.\"The authorities will have to look for a permanent solution\", said Reeta Kohli, amicus curiae appointed by the high court to find a solution to decongest a part of Sector 17. This is another measure that has been taken after initiating the token system in these two parking lots of Sector 17.Meanwhile, the UT administration decided to shift the rickshaw and taxi stands in the sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13986977", "title": "Short of money, Jal Sansthan unable to meet water crisis", "text": "VARANASI: Although a sum of approximately Rs 23 crore is collected as water tax by the Varanasi Jal Sansthan every year, the department lacks resources to meet the daily water requirement of the city specially in summers. With only 16 water tankers, Jal Sansthan is unable to manage the problem of water shortage prevailing in several areas of the city.\"There are no funds to increase the number of water tankers. The tax collected from people is less to meet the need of money for power supply, maintenance of pipelines, tubewells, handpumps and other expenditures,\" general manager of Varanasi Jal Sansthan R P Verma said.As per the records of Varanasi Jal Sansthan, the daily water requirement of the city is 276 mld, out of which 125 mld is pumped out from the Ganga. Apart from that, there are 140 tubewells with a capacity of 200 mld and there are 2,358 government handpumps with a total capacity of 20 mld of water.According to these figures, different water resources should be able to provide 350 mld of water but in reality, the city receives around 236 mld of water everyday which is 40 mld less than the daily need of 276 mld everyday.Verma said: \"The problem of water crisis emerges in summers because of increase in demand. Disruption in power supply is the main reason for the water crisis.\" According to him, water crisis is emerging in most of the regions specially trans-Varuna areas were denizens are dependent on groundwater supply.The water table has decreased by 15-20 feet. According to the records of Jal Sansthan, around 30 per cent of the water is wasted due to leakage in the supply pipelines. \"Some of the water pipelines are over 100 years old and lying deep in the ground which often supply contaminated water and need maintenance and replacement,\" added Verma.There are as many as 17 over head tanks (OHTs) with a storage capacity of 17.8 mld and seven underground water reservoirs. The total capacity of these storage tanks is 79.8 mld, which accounts for 57 per cent of the daily water need of the city and much less to meet the future water requirement.The slow pace of completion of water supply projects under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) is further compounding the situation. Jal Sansthan has no solution to check and regulate the problem of decreasing underground water table and water wastage in the city.Most of high lying areas like Chowk, Rajghat, Bazadiha, Lallapura, Jaitpura, Chetganj, Chhoti Gaibi and trans-Varuna areas like Hukulganj, Orderly Bazaar and Pandeypur are unable to meet daily share of water in the intense and scorching summers.\"Because of inadequate water supply, people have borings in their homes. Dependency on groundwater is increasing and households without private borings do not get their share of water,\" Vikram, a resident of Sankatha Gullie, said. According to Alka, a native of Bazardiha, most of the handpumps are lying defunct in the area.The public handpumps which function properly give contaminated water which is not suitable for drinking. In fact some household in the old parts of the city where the Ganga water is supplied via pipelines have complained about the contaminated water supply through taps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13986643", "title": "He loves sports and Gucci too", "text": "LUDHIANA: The self-winding Royal Oak watch, with hour markers in 18-carat gold, from the house of master Swiss horologer Audemars Piguet , on Aman Gupta's wrist announces this young entrepreneur's prized Sunday has arrived.For the debonair looking owner of this quarter-a-crore worth timepiece and the man at the helm of Rs 750-crore textile empire ST Exports, it is time to rejuvenate on his only day off in a week. The day begins with breakfast as his five-year-old daschund Gucci comes running to Aman's call.''So what do you want want Gucci? Some cornflakes, lemon or peaches?'' laughs Aman, as Gucci waits patiently on the patio at his master's feet.Together, they pick on the choicest nuts, some milk and fresh juice. After polishing off the bowls, Gucci returns to the lawn while Aman heads towards his air-conditioned sun-lit yoga compartment.This Harvard scholar in finance, who has done another masters from UK, has his firm in the middle of settling cash registers with the last quarter earnings. Back to back meetings with buyers, suppliers and staff on policies, sales and expansion plans have sapped his energy the entire week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13977777", "title": "Sixth Gojukai World Cup in India next year", "text": "MUMBAI: All India Gojukai Karate Do (IKGA) will organise 6th World Gojukai Championship next year (2013) in India. Kyoshi Vispy Kapadia, the head and founder of the IKGA, announced this on Friday.K Subramaniam, the director general of Maharashtra police, unveiled the world championship logo at the glittering ceremony in the presence of media and many noted personalities.In its 35-years of existence, IKGA has been at the forefront of spreading karate. The biggest karate institution in the country had pioneered the teaching of karate as a subject in schools. IKGA has also been training Mumbai police force for almost 30 years.At the ceremony, a special 'Scrolls of Honour' were awarded to the student of Cathedral School for their superb achievements at various national and international event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13978098", "title": "Lake development authority bill to be tabled soon: Minister", "text": "DHARWAD: The state government will table the lake development authority bill in the next session of the assembly.Urban development minister Suresh Kumar, who inspected various development works taken up in twin cities of Dharwad and Hubli on Saturday told reporters here that the establishment of the authority was felt necessary to monitor lake development works for which the government was sanctioning huge amount of money.\"The government is doling out crores of rupees for the development of parks and lakes in the state. It is necessary to monitor the works and enhance infrastructure,\" the law minister said.A panel of experts has been formed and it has given its report regarding the formation of the authority and the bill will be placed before the house for tabling during the next session of the assembly, Sureshkumar said.Referring to the works taken up in the twin cities, he stated that the tank development works in Dharwad was progressing well and satisfactorily. Of all the seven corporations, the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) is executing the works in a scientific way, lauded Suresh Kumar.Action planThe work at Waddinakere at Channabasaveshwar Nagar is in the final stages. The local corporator has asked to set up a park in the tank premises and the department has given a green signal.Officials have been directed to submit the action plan and once it gets approved required funds would be allotted, he added.He said, the bio-park coming up in the premises of Kelgeri tank is a role model for other corporations. As there is lot of space in the park an acupressure walking path will be constructed . Moreover, besides growing flowering plants, there is a provision to grow medicinal herbs.Suresh Kumar was all praise for Dharwad deputy commissioner Darpan Jain for his initiative in developing parks and lakes in the twin cities. He asked the DC to develop a separate park for the mentally challenged children on the lines of the one in Bangalore.Replying to a question the minister said tree parks would come up at two places in twin cities.The department has already identified lands at Rayapur and Navalur and the tree parks would come up in 100 acre land, he noted.When his attention was drawn towards renovation of swimming pool, he said, all efforts would be made to sanction Rs three crore to renovate the swimming pools in twin cities which have gone defunct.Minister for RDPR Jagadish Shettar, MP Prahlad Joshi, MLA Chandrakant Bellad, MLC Mohan Limbikai and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "february 2011 (11.30pm)", "code": "13979326", "title": "Free rein for errant drivers", "text": "February 2011 (11.30pm): A 19-year-old actress, hopped on to a shuttle car near Dhalipara in Rajarhat New Town. The driver and two co-passengers molested her in the moving car. The victim tried to resist and raised an alarm. This alerted a police patrol car and finally cops intercepted the car after a 15-minutes chase.July 27, 2010 (8-8.30pm): Sayantani Mazumdar, an MBA student, boarded a shuttle cab from Gariahat to return to her Salt Lake BJ Block home. After crossing Karunamoyee, the driver started misbehaving and tried to molest her. The girl jumped off the car when the vehicle slowed down to take a turn. She also managed to provide the number of the car. Finally, Mohammad Samad, the accused driver, was arrested .November 11, 2009 (around noon): Hazra Law College's third-year student Chandrima Gupta boarded a shuttle car from Salt Lake. On her way to Gariahat, the driver attacked and robbed her. Police rounded up 22-year-old Mohammad Munir, the driver from Santoshpur, after a couple of days. The car in which Chandrima was robbed belonged to an advocate, whose car Munir used to drive.The list, which will grow longer as we go back in time, speaks for itself that Thursday night's incident \u2014 where a driver raped a woman at around midnight in a moving car \u2014 was not a one-off case. Such cases, where woman passengers have been harassed, molested or even raped in a shuttle car or a cab, kept happening in the city time and again for the past few years.Ironically, these cabs \u2014either private cars operating illegally in the commercial sector or luxury cabs \u2014 are the only convenient mode of transport as there is no other alternative mode of transport available in the city at late hours. Every day, hundreds of women \u2014 students, working girls or even housewives \u2014 avail these cars. But has anything constructive been done to secure women on roads and keep tabs on erring drivers? A TOI survey reveals the city is yet to take proper measures to defend women from the clutches of errant drivers.In cities like Bangalore, police have started keeping a close watch on the drivers. In many cities, drivers of the cabs can only be engaged through agencies registered with police. These agencies follow certain guidelines that act as the first layer of prevention against drivers indulging in crime. And unfortunately, Kolkata does not feature on the list of such cities.Mohammed Nadim of National Car Rental Service of Park Circus said, \"We check the license and put a driver under watch for a week. We basically check whether he drinks while he drives or if he has any bad habits. However, there is no practice of police verification of the drivers.\"According to Soudip Mukherjee, Kolkata Cab \u2014 his employer \u2014 gives maximum priority to local recommendations. \"During the night trips, we engage aged drivers. If there is any complaint, we have the system of changing the driver on the spot. But the problem happens during the return trip when drivers pick up flying passengers in empty cars,\" he said.Grewal Enterprise's Harkishen Singh chipped in with a more grave concern. According to him, a majority of the transporters do not go beyond the license and voter-I card, which are most often forged. A senior police officer said, \"If a driver's documents are kept in record in police station, a driver will think twice before committing any crime. This is the only possible preventive measure against such crime.\"However, such proposals are still in the planning stage and it's high time these be implemented. \"So far, we don't have the system in place by which we can keep a track on the drivers. Such a system has been introduced for domestic helps. Of course, such a system puts a psychological pressure on the drivers not to violate the law. Moreover, it is easier for investigating agencies to track down the person,\" admitted joint commissioner (crime) Pallab Kanti Ghosh.In fact, police had a trouble in ascertaining background of Mumtaz Khan, the accused in Thursday's incident. Though he lives in Gobra burial ground area, his original house is in Dankuni. Since there is no information available to investigators, they are yet to ascertain whether Mumtaz has any criminal past.On Saturday, Mumtaz was produced in the Sealdah Court and was remanded to police custody till June 21. Another driver, Habib Rehman, who actually drove the car during the incident, would be the key eyewitness in the case. His statement would also be recorded on June 21 under section 164 CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13998905", "title": "Youth held for chain snatching", "text": "PUNE: The Deccan Gymkhana police have arrested a youth for allegedly snatching a gold chain worth Rs 45,000 of a woman on Prabhat road. The police have identified the suspect as Dinesh Gopal Ganore (28) of Indirangar. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Pratima Gokhale (53) of Shukrawar Peth.Senior inspector of the Deccan Gymkhana police station S G Kenjale told TOI that the incident took place, when Gokhale was walking on the Prabhat road. The suspect Ganore and his accomplice snatched her gold chain worth Rs 45,000 and fled from the spot.Kenjale said that Ganore's name was revealed during the interrogation of three suspects, who were arrested by the Vishrambaug police. The Vishrambaug police have recently arrested Angad Gawli (23) of Kothrud, Sunil Gawli (24) of Dhanakwadi and Karan Kohli (32) of Bibvewadi in another chain snatching case. \"\"During their interrogation the trio revealed Ganore's name and also revealed that he had snatched gold chain on Prabhat road with Angad Gawli recently,\"\" Kenjale said.Kenjale said that the police are now investigating whether Ganore was involved in some more crimes of chain snatching in the city. \"\"We are also investigating about his accomplices. However, he is not cooperating the police during the investigations,\"\" Kenjale said.Ganore has been remanded to police custody till June 14 by the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13984986", "title": "Award to Jaswanti withdrawn", "text": "ROHTAK: The Haryana government has finally withdrawn the state award it had conferred upon Jaswanti Devi, the prime accused in the sexual abuse and torture case of the inmates in the Rohtak-based shelter home.Jaswanti is the owner of the Apna Ghar, the shelter home, which has been hitting the headlines for a month now over the alleged abuse and torture of the inmates. The government had honoured Jaswanti with the Indira Gandhi Mahila Shakti cash award of Rs one lakh in a state-level function March at Jhajjar this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14001758", "title": "Vayalar Ravi attacks Team Anna, says group not that innocent", "text": "HYDERABAD: After V Narayanasamy, another ministers for overseas Indian affairs Vayalar Ravi today attacked Team Anna, saying the anti-corruption group is \"not that innocent\" and alleged its activists could be acting in a \"conspiracy\" to destabilize Indian politics.\"The group of Anna Hazare , the so-called crusader against corruption, they are making all kinds of wild statements against the Prime Minister which they could not substantiate, which they could not do anything.We suspect and I suspect that Anna and his people are not that innocent and every one of them go to the Magsaysay award which has been funded by the American foundations,\" Ravi told reporters here.Referring to certain allegations against Anna's team members like Kiran Bedi and Arvind Kejriwal , Ravi claimed that none of them can claim to be honest.Ravi also asked what were the contributions by Anna Hazare, Bedi and Kejriwal for getting the Ramon Magsaysay award.\"How the three persons - Anna Hazare, Kiran Bedi and this Kejriwal - all three got this award.What is their contribution? What is their contribution to get a prestigious international award or the Magsaysay award, what is the purpose? So, it all kind of a, I suspect there is a conspiracy to destabilize Indian politics,\" he said.Asked whose conspiracy it was, Ravi said: \"Those who do not want India to progress, march ahead. There are interested persons.\"This kind of international award comes to them on what basis? What purpose? It is not that simple.\"Yesterday Narayanasamy rightly pointed out , I repeat what Narayanasamy, my colleague said. He said they collected huge amount,\" he said.Launching a vitriolic attack on Team Anna, Union Minister V Narayanasamy yesterday charged that Hazare was surrounded by \"anti-national elements\" and those supported by \"foreign forces\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13977978", "title": "Arrests in Jayakrishnan murder a farce: Rajeesh", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The alleged mastermind behind T P Chandrasekharan murder, T K Rajeesh, is still singing. And it's not the kind of music the CPM would like to hear. It has been learnt that Rajeesh told his interrogators that all accused persons, except one, in the K T Jayakrishnan murder case were picked up from the list CPM had provided to the police.Jayakrishnan, a teacher of Mokeri UP School in East Panoor, and Yuva Morcha vice-president, was hacked to death in front of students on December 1, 1999. Rajeesh told the probe team that cops had then arrested only Acharuparabath Pradeepan from the killer gang. The rest of the gang members, including Rajeesh, were not arrested.Three murders for a top CPM leader, says RajeeshRajeesh, who was arrested from Maharashtra, also reportedly confessed to the special investigation team that he was involved in three murders, including that of Jayakrishnan, in Kannur. A top CPM leader in Kannur had ordered these murders, he told the police.Five of the accused in Jayakrishnan murder case - Pradeepan, K Surendran, N Shaji, C Dinesh Babu and K K Anil - were sentenced to death by the Thalassery sessions court, while the fifth accused, P Rajan, was acquitted.The Kerala high court upheld the lower court's verdict, but the Supreme Court later acquitted four, and commuted Pradeepan's death sentence to life imprisonment. Pradeepan was later released from jail following a remission during the LDF rule. He was the local secretary of the CPM when Jayakrishnan was murdered. He is now CPM's Panur area committee member.Rajeesh also told the police that he was an admirer of a Kannur-based political leader, who was allegedly behind many political clashes and murders.Rajeesh would be subjected to an identification parade at the central jail here on Monday. Eye-witnesses to the May 4 attack on Chandrasekharan would be asked to identify the suspect.Meanwhile, a police case has been registered against the Cooperative Hospital in Koothuparamaba for trying to mislead the TP murder investigation. Sijith, allegedly a member of the TP killer gang, had received treatment to an injury sustained during the TP murder from the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13997741", "title": "11 killed, 59 injured in a pile up on highway in China", "text": "BEIJING: Eleven people were killed and 59 others injured in a pile up on a highway caused by collision of several vehicles in eastern China.Several vehicles collided into another on a section of expressway in China's eastern Anhui province last night, rescuers said on Sunday. Four people were killed on the sport and seven others died on the way to hospitals.Fifty nine were rushed to hospital, and five of them were in serious condition, Xinhua news agency reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13978195", "title": "Special trains from June 10-24", "text": "MANGALORE: The South Western Railways will run special trains between Bangalore and Tirunelveli via Salem, Erode and Karur, to clear the extra rush of passengers.From June 10 to 24, train number 06515 Bangalore - Tirunelveli special will leave Bangalore at 6.45 am on Sunday and arrive Tirunelveli at 7.30 pm on the same day. On the same dates, in the return direction, train number 06516 Tirunelveli - Bangalore special will leave Tirunelveli at 10.55 pm on Sunday and arrive Bangalore at 12.50 pm the next day.The composition of the trains will be one AC 3-tier, one AC 2 tier-cum-3 tier, 10 sleeper class, six general second class and two luggage-cum-brake van coaches.Trains will stop at Bangalore Cantonment, Hosur, Dharmapuri, Salem, Erode, Karur, Dindigul, Madurai, Virudunagar, Sattur, Kovilpatti and Vanchi Maniyachchi. Advance reservation for this train started on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13999722", "title": "Girl drowns at Ullal, body found at Bhatkal after a week", "text": "MANGALORE: The body of the 17 year old college student, who drowned at Ullal here on June 3, was found at Alvekodi beach in Bhatkal, some 150 kms from here, on Sunday, a week after the incident.The girl, Raunak Jahan, hailing from Mudigere town in Chikmagalur district, had visited Ullal beach with her parents and family friends.Raunak and friend Uzma were dragged into sea after a big wave hit them. Though Uzma was rescued by the fishermen, they could not save Raunak. Since then the search was on to locate her body.Abdul Shukoor said that Raunak Jahan studied at Alva College, Moodabidri, near Mangalore. She had completed his PUC with 75% marks. She also got good marks in CET and was planning on to pursue medicine.Members of Local social organizations Majlise Islah o tanzeem, HRS and Top emergency service organized the last rituals at Bhatkal and handed over the body to her relatives who came to Bhatkal soon after the information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13978767", "title": "Three arrested for trafficking", "text": "New Delhi: Three people have been arrested for allegedly trafficking a woman from Mangolpuri in Outer Delhi. The victim has been rescued, said police.The accused have been identified as Kamla (40), Jeet Ram (54) and Rajbir (32). Kamla was arrested after the victim's father filed a complaint. Cops said during interrogation, Kamla said on April 20, she and one Vijay offered the victim work at a wedding venue in Palwal (Haryana) for two days.After the victim agreed, they took her to Palwal. They stayed at Jeet Ram's house and the next day he sold the woman to one Rajbir for Rs 30,000. A raid was conducted and the victim rescued from Rajbir's house, who was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13982143", "title": "Valuables worth Rs 8.2L burgled from NRI\u2019s house", "text": "SURAT: Burglars targeted houses of three NRI families in the same locality and fled with valuables worth Rs 8.2 lakh from one of them in Bardoli on Friday. The incident has left residents of Javeri Maholla and Vyas Faliya frightened.The miscreants carried out theft of Rs 8.2 lakh from the house of Anila Trivedi, who is currently in the US. They took away 300 grams of jewellery, around two kg silver and cash from three cupboards in the house. They had entered the house after breaking the front door lock in the wee hours of Friday.Trivedi had left for US in March after her daughter's marriage. On finding the doors open, her neighbours informed the police. The miscreants had also entered the house of another NRI Kalpana Patel. The Patel family has gone out of station. However, the robbers could not find any valuables in the house and left empty-handed.They then entered a house in Vyas Faliyu, which is located in the adjoining residential colony. The house belongs to Vinod Joshi, who is currently in London. The noise by robbers awoke neighbours. They came out to check and this forced the robbers to escape.A number of families from south Gujarat are abroad. They keep their houses here locked and visit occasionally. Police believe the thefts were carried out by the robbers after they carried out a proper survey of the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13980523", "title": "In power, is the MNS still a party with a difference?", "text": "After the BJP, which used to call itself a party with a difference till it was exposed by the antics and intrigues of its leaders, not different from their counterparts in other parties, it is the turn of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS). The chief of the MNS, Raj Thackeray, loves to imitate his uncle and Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray in not mincing words while venting ire at his opponents and commenting on topical issues. All these years, he has been criticizing the policies and governance of other parties, including the Sena, from which he broke away six years ago. It may have widened the support base of the MNS to some extent as the educated middle class loves to hate politicians and political parties.Till the recent civic polls in Nashik, it was convenient for the MNS as it was not in power anywhere, so detractors had no opportunities to criticize its policies and governance. Not anymore. After wresting power in the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) from the Sena, the MNS has got an opportunity to be in power and prove that it is a party with a difference. However, three months after assuming power in the NMC, the MNS is yet to give any indication that it wants to prove its mettle. The governance of civic affairs in the city continues to be as shabby as it was during the erstwhile Sena-BJP rule. Even Goda Park, Raj's pet project that was ignored by the Sena's civic leaders, continues to be in a shambles.New mayor Yatin Wagn is yet to come to terms with his new job and appears to be too busy making public appearances and being felicitated even three months after assuming office. He did visit some spots in the city, like the Godavari river and Goda Park, but things have not moved beyond that. Far from improving basic civic amenities, the NMC even awaits crucial appointments like those of co-opted members, leaders of the House and the Opposition.The meetings of the NMC are also not regular, indicating the lack of enthusiasm among the new rulers to proving themselves better than their predecessors. Raj Thackeray, who had promised voters that he would regularly visit the city to monitor the governance of his party's first realm, is conspicuous by his absence.Apart from reversing a couple of decisions of its predecessor (like ending privatization of octroi collection and vetoing a proposal to insure municipal school students), which MNS detractors call political vendetta, the MNS is yet to find something it can showcase as its achievement. Besides, the compromises made by the MNS for power politics on several occasions in local bodies are no different from those made by other parties.You said it: At a ceremony to felicitate some former and sitting corporators, guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal lowered his guard and revealed some of the facts of power politics. He said that it was not possible to get votes without paying for them, either in cash or kind. He said that while voters living in slums demanded cash, educated white-collar residents of housing societies wanted their buildings painted or compounds tiled. He went on to say that the situation became difficult when the voters happened to be elected representatives, like corporators or MLAs, voting for a candidate for the legislative council or Rajya Sabha elections. Bhujbal appeared to be in a confession box, without a word on reforms or change.Bigger picture: The recent drive against female foeticide that has spread across the state has led to sonography centres and medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) centres being closed down. This may evoke applause from those in favour of gender equality. However, in the whole exercise, doctors appear to have been singled out. In the state where Savitribai Phule and her husband Jotiba Phule started a school to educate girls, thereby inviting the wrath of orthodox people, the discovery of female foeticide in such large numbers so as to skew the gender ratio, indicates the need for some serious thought and action not only by the government, but by people at large. Severe punishment has to be meted out to culprits, but a holistic approach is necessary to educate parents and create a situation where people would not think of aborting female foetuses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13977885", "title": "Officials await extension of Kerala Sustainable Urban Development Project tenure", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Officials of the Kerala Sustainable Urban Development Project (KSUDP) expect central government nod for their request to extend the tenure of the KSUDP project launched in five corporations of the state.The tenure of the project, funded by the Asian Development Bank (ADB), ends on June 30. KSUDP officials want the period extended to two more years.The corporations of Kozhikode, Thiruvananthapuram, Kollam, Kochi and Thrissur had sought the extension of the tenure of the project during a review meeting conducted by the ADB last December. The state government has agreed to this and has forwarded the request to the Union government.The project was launched to improve urban environment, economy and living conditions of people in the five corporations. Works had been taken up to improve and expand urban infrastructure and services and to enhance livelihoods and improve urban management, planning and financing capacity.The ADB had sanctioned Rs146 crore to the Kozhikode corporation under the scheme for a tenure of five years from 2007 to 2012.KSUDP had spent Rs 37.70 crore for the construction of roads, and Rs 7 crore to take up solid waste management and civil works. Of the Rs 30 crore sanctioned for drainage, only Rs 5.8 crore has been spent so far. KSUDP has completed works worth Rs 53 crore in Kozhikode.KSUDP project manager K Bhaskaran said ADB usually permitted extension of projects whose tendering process had already been completed. He said the work on sewerage and drainage in Kozhikode corporation limit was progressing. The KSUDP here expected to receive official communication regarding extension of the tenure of the project by this month end, Bhaskaran added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13996851", "title": "Mega producer is not helping Priyamani", "text": "Sometimes talent and bold looks too cannot save a heroine's graph from falling miserably. Dusky siren Priyamani knows this well. Here comes the latest news on her.The industry was abuzz earlier that the talented heroine Priyamani got a helping hand from producer Allu Arvind. This was regarding producing a trilingual flick with our bikini-beauty in the lead. Titled Charulatha , the film is a free-make of Thai movie Alone that revolves around the story of two twins. Reports have now confirmed that this flick will be produced only in Tamil and Kannada as the Telugu producer opted out.So, for now Priyamani is getting no help from our producer giant. Currently this saucy seductress is doing a couple of movies in Bollywood and one each in Tamil and Kannada. We have to see if someone ropes her in for any Telugu flick or not in the coming days.Source: http://www.gulte.com/index.php", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13978737", "title": "War of wards looms large over Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Spread over roughly 300 square kilometres, Lucknow, the capital of India's most populous state, is also touted as an important destination in reaching the national seat of power in Delhi. It is for this reason that national parties as well as their leaders put everything at stake to claim the coveted key of the city, so that their way to Parliament becomes rather smooth.The population of the city, according as per the 2011 Census, is 45,88,455. It is this population which will play a major role on June 23, when Lucknowites would use the electronic voting machines to elect their mayor and 110 corporators.The current poll fight may be a two-sided one between the Bharatiya Janata Party and Congress, as both Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party have decided to give the polls a miss. The fight to control the city in 2006 was rather multi-cornered and quite close. In the last municipal elections, the BJP emerged as the top party bagging 41 seats, while the SP was the runner-up with 33 seats under its belt. The Congress came a distant third with 22 seats, while the independents were able to romp home in in 14 wards.Currently, the city is divided into six zones and 110 wards. Zone 1 consists of 16 wards, while zone 2 and zone 5 have 18 wards each. Similarly, zone 3 has 21 wards, while zone 4 and zone 6 have 17 and 20 wards respectively.Though the BJP corporators sat in the ruling benches, their performance in zone 1 was dismal, as the party was able to win only two wards. Compared to this, the Congress won from five wards, while SP bagged seven seats. Two independent candidates also emerged victorious from zone 1. Zone 2 witnessed cut-throat competition between BJP and SP, as the former won at seven wards as compared to latter win at six wards. Congress was able to win on four seats, while only one independent candidate emerged victorious in the zone.It was in zone 3, that the saffron brigade was able to establish its lead over its rival as it was able to clinch victory at 11 out of 21 seats. Samajwadi Party won four seats, while both Congress and independents won three seats. Similarly, in zone 4, BJP maintained its lead over its rivals in eight wards, whereas SP and Congress were able to bag four and three seats respectively. Two independent candidates won from the zone as well.In zone 5, there was a three-sided contest. While, BJP was able to snatch win at six seats, both Congress and SP emerged victorious at five seats. Zone 6 witnessed two-sided battle involving the SP and BJP, as each of them won from seven wards, while independents took their tally to four and Congress languished with only two seats.As per the notification issued by the State Election Commission on May 22, 2012, many of the wards of the city have undergone change in their status vis-a-vis reservation (for SC, OBC or woman) and general seats. Of the 110 wards, as many as 11(or 10%) are reserved for scheduled castes. Of this, four are reserved for women belonging to SC category. Similarly, 22 wards of the city have been reserved for other backward castes. And, out of this 22, in eight wards only female OBC candidate could contest the local bodies' election. As far as women are concerned, there are 25 wards form where they test the poll waters and their political acumen. And, little less than 50% of the seats i.e. 52 have been kept unreserved.In December 2011, the Lucknow Municipal Corporation came out with a revised reservation status for each of the 110 wards. Barring 19 wards belonging to the unreserved category, the status of rest of the wards have changed. Some of the prominent and visible changes made are that 19 wards, which were earlier under the unreserved category are now reserved for women. Similarly, 18 wards, which were earlier reserved for women have now become unreserved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14006250", "title": "NTR Jr banking on comedy", "text": "Harish Shankar. MLA (Manchi Lakshanalunna Abbai) is the tentative title of the movie. Touted to be a political satire, the movie will have NTR playing a very eccentric character in the movie. Well with two such productions is the pipeline looks like NTR will finally get out of the rut.NTR Jr has not had a hit to his name since Brindavanam, which released last year. The actor has two big ticket productions lined up and is leaving no stone unturned to make sure he scores a record breaking hit to give something for the Nandamuri fans to rejoice.Sources close to the actor say that NTR is really working on taking his comic timing to the next level. He is currently shooting for Baadshah. Srinu Vaitla is directing the movie touted to be an action entertainer which will have NTR trying a different brand of comedy in the movie.Touted to be a political satire, the movie will have NTR playing a very eccentric character in the movie. Well with two such productions is the pipeline looks like NTR will finally get out of the rut.Meanwhile, the actor has also begun preparations for his next project, to be directed by Harish Shankar. MLA (Manchi Lakshanalunna Abbai) is the tentative title of the movie. Touted to be a political satire, the movie will have NTR playing a very eccentric character in the movie. Well with two such productions is the pipeline looks like NTR will finally get out of the rut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13985355", "title": "All eyes now on engineer, medical admissions", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after the MHT-CET results were out, both Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER) and Directorate of Technical Education (DTE) have unofficially announced their schedule for admission. While engineering admissions will commence with the sale of forms from June 18/19, the distribution of preference forms for medical admissions will begin from the last week of June. As per the trend prevalent since the last couple of years, there will be tough fight for medical seats while engineering aspirants will have a smooth ride with every possibility that a large number of seats will remain vacant this year as well.About 28,616 candidates qualified for the health science courses from the state who will fight for just over 7,000 seats. In engineering stream, the number of candidates are more than double of seats. Over 2.80 lakh aspirants qualified for 1.33 lakh engineering seats. Admissions to pharmacy, hotel management and veterinary sciences courses (BVSc and AH) would also be done on the basis of MHT-CET score. From the last two years, admissions for Bachelor of Paramedical Technology (BPMT) are being conducted through this exam. From the city, many students from top colleges like Shivaji Science and Dr Ambedkar have qualified individually and collectively for medical and engineering admissions. Yash Jain, a student from city's Interactive Teaching Institute, was only one from the city to score 100/100 marks in biology. \"There will be intense battle for medical seats as 59 students have qualified from our institute alone,\" lecturer Sameer Phale told TOI.DMER officials stated medical admissions process would begin with the filling up of preference form at four centres - Grant Medical College in Mumbai, BJ Medical College in Pune, Government Medical Colleges in Nagpur and Aurangabad.The engineering admissions will commence with the sale of applications forms from designated application receipt centres (ARCs) or on DTE website. DTE will first release provisional merit list followed by final merit list and seats distribution on its website. The academic calendar in engineering institutions would be advanced from this year to July 15 as per AICTE's guidelines while DTE has also reduced one round of admission to expedite the process.Over, 1.33 lakh engineering seats are up for grabs from 348 colleges, 7,090 in 58 medical colleges and 9,440 in 147 pharmacy institutes. About 2,620 architecture seats are also available in 50 colleges along with 530 hotel management seats in 10 colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13981431", "title": "Government targets 6% annual growth in agriculture", "text": "PANAJI: The agriculture sector, which was allegedly neglected over the last couple of years, may see a ray of hope as the government has decided to increase the agricultural output by around 6% to 7% every year.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has decided to keep the agriculture portfolio to ensure agriculture growth which has witnessed a decline over the years.Parrikar said, \"I have decided to keep the agriculture portfolio because I want to ensure that agriculture production in Goa increases by 6% to 7% every year\".Goa is covered with 3.70 lakh hectares of land out of which 1.40 lakh hectares is used for agriculture. Over the last couple of years, Goa has witnessed less then 2% agriculture growth and to increase this, the government has made a budgetary provision of 137 crore, which is a 40% increase as compared to last year's budgetary provision to boost agriculture in the state.\"I have started taking personal interest to boost agriculture in the state and in that direction, we have already started taking action,\" Parrikar said.According to the recently published economic survey, the negative growth of -10.38% in the agriculture sector in 2008-09, increased to 5.37% in 2009-10. However in 2010-11, the growth rate dropped down to 1.54%, the survey states. In Goa, around 50,000 families depend on agriculture with a total population of around 2.5 lakh people.Paddy crop, cashew production, coconuts, arecanut, sugarcane and various types of vegetables are some of the major agriculture crops of the state. Around 1.2 lakh raw paddy and 25,000 tonnes of cashewnuts were produced in the state last year.Agriculture director Satish Tendulkar said the increase in agriculture area, investment in agriculture sector and production per hectares will help the department to increase the agriculture output in the state.The government has already started providing support for building infrastructure, irrigation project, mechanization and poly houses for agricultural growth. The government also provides subsidy for farmers to purchase seeds, machinery, solar fencing and installing the water pumps.Tendulkar said that the government is focusing on increasing paddy production and to promote groundnut production in the state. \"The results of steps taken by the government to increase agriculture growth will be evident in the next two years,\" Tendulkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13981202", "title": "Day One: 4,000 turn up at Ascent Job Stop", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Over 4,000 job seekers walked into the two-day 'Ascent Job Stop' on the first day at a city club on Saturday. Corporate houses from sectors like engineering, pharma, auto, education, IT, telecom, finance, BPO and KPO are participating in the job fair to recruit for a range of processes and positions.\"The range of recruiters at the job fair makes this the perfect opportunity for both freshers and experienced. I have submitted my resume in my sector of interest and I am quite hopeful of a good response,\" said Shraddha Barchha, a job seeker. \"The overwhelming response received on the first day is proof enough that the BPO segment is booming. The Motif team at the stall has been constantly engaged in attending to the job seekers. Various recruitment stages are being conducted at the stall, thereby minimising the delay caused in the recruitment process,'' said Kaushal Mehta, founder and CEO, Motif Inc.Massive expansion plans and recruitment deals seem to be the flavour of the season for many companies. \"QX is poised for exciting growth and to fuel it we need quality manpower. We hope that this event will help us source the right candidates,\" said Rajiv Bhatia, president and country head of QX Ltd. According to Rishikesh Raval, vice-president (HR) of Zydus Cadila, the fair has proved to be a good platform for them to source freshers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13992220", "title": "A collector\u2019s edition", "text": "Jehangir Sabavala, M F Husain and Tyeb Mehta \u2014 tracking down the estates of the three masters and market favouritesThe year 2011 was a bad one for the Indian art world. It lost two of its iconoclastic modernists \u2014 one an instinctive self-taught painter, M F Husain, and the other a methodical master, Jehangir Sabavala. Three years ago, these artists had lost their contemporary \u2014 the reticent Tyeb Mehta. The world over, these three masters, are not just pioneers but also definite market favourites. They fetch the highest prices.On Thursday at the Bonham's auction, Vespers I, the oil on canvas by Sabavala, whose death anniversary is on September 2, sold for a staggering Rs 2.16 crore. With Husain's first death anniversary on June 9, we wondered where the works of these three masters currently were and set about tracing their estates. We talked to galleries, collectors, families and friends.There's a notion in the art market that when the artist passes away the value of his/her work increases since they can't create any more and the collection become limited. Such is the law of demand and supply. However, not everyone agrees.Art historian and director of Sotheby's India, Maithili Parekh, says, \"There's no such rule; it's a myth. Great art by an artist, living or dead, always has a place.\" Director of Sakshi Gallery, Geetha Mehra, says, \"The art market is not as volatile as the stock exchange. Artist F N Souza passed away a decade ago, but the value of work came to its peak gradually and after 10 years.\"There are, in fact, several factors that go into estimating the value of a painting. \"The condition of the painting, provenance, the artist, his/her subject and the period, among other criterea\" she says. \"But in the case of these three; they all represent a generation of young artists in newly independent India. They have created a body of work that has chronicled our history.\"Given their distinct styles, they represent three different schools of art. Art curator Zasha Colah explains, \"Husain worked wanted to condense the whole history of India within his cycles.\" Sabavala, on the other hand, having spent time in European art schools, fused the scientific and the romantic. \"Though Tyeb Mehta went through many different styles, often myth was a way to social commentary. His works do not pause, they scream,\" says Colah.The impact of Husain's work is very different from that of Sabavala and Mehta because of the sheer quantity of work he created. He was a common man's painter whereas Mehta and Sabavala were painters' painters. Even then, what they've collectively left behind is a legacy and an estate to be treasured and documented.Jehangir Sabavala (1922-2011) Jehangir Sabavala's wife Shirin has maintained his studio on Altamount Road exactly as he left it \u2014 brushes, paints, and canvases neatly set in order where he had placed them. A volunteer meticulously archives every detail of Jehangir's life and work at this studio. The family is actively setting up the Jehangir Sabavala Foundation to keep his legacy alive. An emotional Shirin says, \"It wasn't on his mind at all. Sometimes I can hear him say to me, 'Shirin, Why are you taking on all this trouble? There's no need'. But this is something that occurred to me after he passed away. At the same time, I don't want to do something that would end up being a burden on others.\" The foundation that is still in the process of being formalised is set up by Shirin and their daughter Aafreed. The trust will comprise members of the family. They will host their first memorial lecture by Richard Lannoy in the first week of October. Since Sabavala was heavily influenced by poetry (he had a poetry circle at his home), the foundation will be bringing out an annual publication dedicated to it. Art critic and cultural theorist Ranjit Hoskote and writer Jerry Pinto will comprise its managing committee.Gallerist Geetha Mehra says, \"Sabavala himself was a big archivist. Every painting of his is traceable. He has complete records. Not only did he chronicle his own work, but he also made notes of all the things he liked, the exhibitions he saw. He has kept all the clippings, photographs, drawings, catalogues, sketches, everything. There is also a whole bunch of postcards collected from wherever he travelled. We are collating them all. For the following six months, a volunteer from the gallery will be digitalising all the material.\"In his lifetime, he painted about 900 works including canvases and drawings, which are with various collectors. At public spaces, eight are at the National Gallery of Modern Art in Delhi, one in its Mumbai counterpart; the Government Museum in Chandigarh has four of them while the Government Art Gallery in Adelaide has a few.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13996206", "title": "Stem cells are real culprit behind heart attacks: Scientists", "text": "LONDON: Scientists, including an Indian researcher, have found a previously unknown stem cell which is the real culprit behind heart attacks, a landmark finding which, they say, could revolutionize treatments for the cardiac disease.Until now, it has been thought that vascular health problems were triggered by smooth muscle cells, but a team at the University of California in Berkeley identified a previously unknown stem cell, which causes the arteries to harden when it multiplies.The groundbreaking work is set to completely change how heart attacks and strokes are treated, dramatically cutting the number of deaths, the researchers said.\"For the first time, we are showing evidence that vascular diseases are actually a kind of stem cell disease,\"said Professor Song Li, who led the research.\"This work should revolutionise therapies for vascular diseases because we now know that stem cells rather than smooth muscle cells are the correct therapeutic target,\" Prof Li was quoted as saying by the Daily Mail.\"This is groundbreaking and provocative work, as it challenges existing dogma,\" added his colleague Dr Deepak Srivastava.Heart attacks are the most common reason for people to need emergency treatment.Around 90,000 people in Britain alone have one each year -- of whom around a third will die as a result.More than 150,000 people a year have a stroke and it is the third largest cause of death after heart disease and cancer.Strokes occur when the blood supply to part of the brain is cut off, while heart attacks happen when the supply of blood to the heart is blocked, usually by a blood clot.According to the researchers, who detailed their findings in the journal Nature Communications, the newly discovered vascular stem cells are multipotent -- or capable of changing into various cell types, including smooth muscle, nerve, cartilage, bone and fat cells -- explaining why previous studies misidentified the cells involved in vessel clogs.\"In the later stages of vascular disease, the soft vessels become hardened and more brittle,\" said Prof Li.Previously, there was controversy about how soft tissue would become hard.The ability of stem cells to form bone or cartilage could explain this calcification of the blood vessels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13980995", "title": "Delhi high court: Don't go by juvenile record", "text": "New Delhi: The criminal past of a juvenile should be \"obliterated\" after a period of time and not be allowed to stand in the way of his future life, the Delhi high court has said.A division bench of Justice Badar Durrez Ahmed and Justice V.K. Jain, citing previous judgments given by the court, recently observed \"so far as juveniles are concerned, their criminal record is not to stand in their way in their future lives.\"HC arrived at the conclusion on the basis of provisions of Section 19 of the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2000. The court's observation came on a plea filed by the city police commissioner against an order of central administrative tribunal (CAT). CAT had reversed its decision to cancel the candidature of one Vijay Kumar Malik for the post of sub-inspector in Delhi Police because of his criminal past when he was a juvenile.The police then moved HC contending that Malik, while a juvenile, was involved in a case of murder and conspiracy and \"such a candidate had no place in a disciplined force and law-enforcing agency...\"\"We had noted that even where a juvenile is found to have committed an offence, he shall not suffer any disqualification and even the records are to be obliterated after a specified period of time,\" the bench pointed out.Last year, Malik applied for the post of sub-inspector in the Delhi Police but he was ruled out on the ground that he was involved in a criminal case and an FIR had been filed against him on Aug 20, 2005 at the Sonepat (Haryana) police station.Malik had disclosed his involvement in the case - in both the application form and the attestation form - while applying. According to Malik, he was later acquitted of all charges on Oct 17, 2006 by the juvenile justice board.The division bench, pronouncing the order last month, said: \"Since the respondent (Malik) was a juvenile, it was all the more necessary for the petitioner to have ignored the fact of the alleged involvement of the respondent in the said case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13980616", "title": "3rd visa fraud in Navrangpura in 1 month", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An immigration aspirant to Canada was cheated by a Navrangpura-based immigration firm of Rs 5.30 lakh. It is third case registered with Navrangpura police in last month.According Navrangpura police officials, Viral Parekh, a resident of Adalaj in Gandhinagar district, had contacted an immigration firm run by accused Umang Trivedi, a resident of Maninagar, Kalpesh Mehra, a resident of Ghatlodia and Umesh Qazi, a resident of Dehgam, Gandhinagar, at Om Complex, Swastik crossroads two months back. At that time, the accused promised him a permanent job and visa for Canada.\"As per Parekh's complaint, the trio got his documents and also provided him with fake visa after conducting bogus interviews at places such as Delhi and Mumbai where they said that he was needed to complete some formalities. Tired after not hearing from the company for long when Parekh checked with the consulate about his file's status, he was shocked to know that no file on his name had been sent for visa clearance. When he confronted the trio and demanded his money back, the trio refused to do so and promised him that they would soon get a way out,\" said a Navrangpura police official.Police officials said that the area has many immigration consultants that have history of cheating the customers. \"We have already arrested two agents recently for duping the immigration aspirants,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13978317", "title": "Kerala handloom to get international branding", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Battling to bounce back from the worst global recession that dropped the handloom and textile exports of Kerala by 40% in the last four years, the state government is set to develop regional branding for indigenous handloom products with attractive packaging to increase their demand in the international market.\"The state government has allocated Rs 1 crore for the branding exercise of indigenous handloom and textile products. Based on the uniqueness of products, six regions have been chosen for the branding scheme and the regions are Thrissur, Ernakulam, Thiruvananthapuram, Palakkad, Kasaragod and Kannur,\" Indian Institute of Handloom Technology (IIHT) executive director Abdul Kareem Cheleri told TOI on Friday. The handloom and textile fabric will be imprinted with colourful designs of art forms, he said.Regional brands include Kuthampally sarees of Thrissur, Chendamangalam textile brand of Ernakulam and Balaramapuram handlooms of Thiruvananthapuram. Similarly, the unique textile products from Palakkad, Kasaragod and Kannur will be selected for the branding exercise with a logo. Geographical Indication (GI) system based patenting of these brands will also be done, he said. Currently four regions - Thrissur, Ernakulam, Palakkad and Thiruvananthapuram - have already obtained GI.\"Branding will help develop the market for indigenous product. The domestic market can be tapped with hoardings and photographs of models in uniquely designed garments, displayed at public places and through advertisements on visual media and in cinema halls. Modernization of the sector with attractive packaging will also help showcase the product in international market and help boost exports,\" said Abdul K Cheleri. The government plan to modernize the sector includes installation of the latest textile machinery of pneumatic lifting tables in 26 handloom societies and electricity-operated machines in 46 handloom societies.However, as long as the global recession looms it would be difficult to attain an export upsurge, said Kerala Textile Exporters Organization president C Jayachandran. \"The textile and handloom sector export from Kerala dropped from Rs 325 crore in 2008 to Rs 210 crore in 2012, which means 40% slump. Though branding can help export of textile products, there are limitations particularly when the traditional industry is in bad shape with huge labour costs and input costs,\" Jayachandran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13978807", "title": "Scissors from tummy taken out after 12 years", "text": "MADURAI: A 56-year-old woman admitted to a private hospital in Madurai with severe stomach pain has been found to have a pair of surgical scissors in her abdomen.Doctors now plan to perform an operation on Monday to remove the instrument that was apparently left inside her body during a surgery she underwent 12 years ago in Kodaikanal. \"It is a miracle how she endured the pain all these years. She must have undergone a lot of agony,\" said a doctor of the Meenakshi Mission Hospital and Research Centre.Meanwhile, a spokesperson for the Kodaikanal hospital said the management had changed and that it could not be held accountable now. \"Regina Mary underwent a surgery in the hospital in 2001. But that team of doctors has left and the management has changed as well. So how can we be held responsible?, \" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13989306", "title": "Queen Elizabeth to honour Gary Barlow", "text": "Gary Barlow will receive an Order from the British Empire(OBE) honour from Queen Elizabeth II in recognition of his musical efforts for the monarch's Diamond Jubilee celebrations.The 41-year-old is said to have been \"surprised\" by the news that the Queen wants to bestow the order of chivalry on him, reports femalefirst.co.uk.\"The Queen was delighted with Gary Barlow's brilliant work and dedication. She made it clear he should be rewarded at the first available opportunity,\" said a source.\"Mr Barlow was told of Her Majesty's offer a few weeks ago. He was quite surprised, but he has accepted it,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13986967", "title": "STF captures top Maoist from MungerGyan P", "text": "Patna: A sub-zonal commander of Bihar Jharkhand Special Area Committee, an offshoot of CPI (Maoist), Birbal Murmu, was caught by the Special Task Force (STF) in Munger on Saturday.Birbal was carrying an award of Rs 50,000 on his head as he was wanted in 20 cases of crime, including the killing of six persons in Dharhara in Munger district about five-six months back. STF sources said they were closing monitoring the movement of Birbal. As he moved from Bhagalpur to Pakur district in Jharkhand and then to Munger district, he was overpowered. He used to operate in Banka, Munger and Jamui districts, and was in the decision-making body of the ultra outfit.The STF, on June 7, also caught a notorious criminal, Rakesh Kumar Singh, who was wanted in 23 cases of crime such as murder, kidnapping for ransom and petty robbery. The state government had announced a reward of Rs 25,000 on his head. Rakesh used to operate in Samastipur and Vaishali districts. He had escaped while being produced in a Vaishali court about a year back.IG, STF, Amit Kumar said, \"STF was recently tipped off about his presence in Chandigarh. A team was sent to Chandigarh about a week back, which finally located the criminal two days back. Rakesh is being brought to Vaishali on transit remand for being produced before the court. Later, he would be taken on police remand for further interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13980246", "title": "Anti-Corruption Bureau arrests SDM for taking Rs 25k bribe", "text": "JAIPUR: A sub divisional magistrate (SDM) and his reader were arrested by Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 25,000 for getting a land conversation done in the name of a person at Kherwada village in Udaipur district.Acting on a complaint, ACB officials laid a trap in which SDM Mohan Lal and his reader Arjun Lal Meena were arrested on Saturday.Umesh Mishra, inspector general of police, ACB, said: \"The complainant, Laxmi Lal Meena, had purchased one bigha of land near Kherwada village. He wanted the land conversion which was pending before the said SDM. Later, when Meena met the officer, he asked him to contact his reader. When he met reader Arjun Lal Meena, he demanded a bribe of Rs 25,000 for the land conversion.\"Meena, irked with the attitude of the officers, approached us.Based on his complaint, a team led by an additional superintendent of police arrested the SDM and his reader.\"Initially, the complainant was sent with the bribe money to the reader (Meena). After Meena accepted the bribe, our team asked him to hand over the bribe to the SDM. While the money was being delivered to the officer, both were arrested,\" said a senior ACB officer.After the trap, the ACB conducted a search at the residence of the SDM.According to sources, the officer initially threatened the team of dire consequences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13989501", "title": "Jolie's spiritual help for wedding date", "text": "Actress Angelina Jolie, who is set to marry fiance Brad Pitt this summer, has picked her wedding date with the help of a Buddhist monk.\"Angie (Angelina Jolie) has used Buddhist astrology in the past to help her pick the best or most auspicious days for important moments in her life,\" contactmusic.com quoted a source as saying.\"That's when Angie was completely converted to Buddhist astrology and she's not taking that chance with Brad. Angie is convinced the date of their union will guarantee their future happiness,\" the source added.Pitt and Jolie raise six children together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13990565", "title": "Live performance spurs me on: Vijay Prakash", "text": "For Jai Ho crooner Vijay Prakash , the biggest joy as a singer comes while performing in front of a live audience.The singer , who was in Thiruvananthapuram for a private concert, says, \"The most satisfying thing for any artist would be perform in front of people who are so encouraging and supporting. The applause that you get is like a tonic. It's pure satisfaction.\"While most of the popular singers now confining themselves to the dubbing studio, Vijay has been on the road around the world for most of year, especially with music maestro AR Rahman and his crew.On his working experience with the legend for whom he has sung several songs in Kollywood and Bollywood , Vijay says, \"Working with Rahman sir has been the most exciting thing in my life and as a musician, it's been enlightening. Even before Jai Ho's remarkable sucess, the works I have done for him have always opened new avenues for me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13979323", "title": "NRHM scam: Govt issues suspension orders of 22 doctors", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state health department issued suspension orders for 20 senior doctors after their names figured in the multi-crore National Rural Health Mission scam.Orders to this effect were given by health and family welfare minister, Ahmed Hasan on Saturday evening. Earlier, suspension orders were issued for former chief medical officer, Lucknow Dr AK Shukla and administrative officer, Indrajeet Yadav.The list includes Dr KK Saxena, Dr Chitra Singh, Dr RB Lal, Dr Sumedha Yadav, Dr Indu Bala, Dr Rekha Chowdhury, Dr Anjali Pant, Dr Sadhana Tripathi, Dr Kusumlata Gautam, Dr AK Mishra, Dr KN Anand, Dr SK Tripathi, Dr RK Gupta, Dr MK Singh, Dr AK Pathak, Dr Neeta Srivastava, Dr Maya Chowdhury, Dr CK Jaiswal, Dr Chitra Saxena and Dr Gita Bharti. The minister said that the government is preparing to issue prosecution sanction against these doctors. The CBI had sought permission for the same earlier in this week.Sources said that some of these doctors, failed to produce records relating to NRHM, when teams from comptroller and auditor general asked for it during the course of audit. The CAG has mentioned this in its report as well. Taking the same cue, CBI also probed the matter and believed that they could be involved in the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nalgonda", "code": "13977880", "title": "Realty boom in Nalgonda district spawns illegal land ventures", "text": "NALGONDA: It's a realty roll in Nalgonda district at the moment. From Rs 1,500 per square yard a couple of years ago, the land rates have skyrocketed to Rs 15,000-20,000 per square yard now. The realty boom may have gladdened the realtors, land owners and forces inimical to separate Telangana, but it has spawned several illegal ventures which mushroomed over the last two years.As many as 1,372 illegal layouts have sprouted all over the district. Close to 245 gram panchayats are facing this layout madness and the revenue officials have issued notices to not less than 1,145 realtors. \"Two years ago, the land rates were between Rs 1,500 and Rs 2,000 per square yard. Now, a piece of land close to the national and state highways costs a bomb,\" S Chandrasekhar, a small-time realtor, points out.Thanks to the huge demand for residential complexes, the new bypass road and Mahatma Gandhi University in Nalgonda, Narketpally, Kodad and Miryalaguda have emerged as realty hubs. In Nalgonda town alone, 98 illegal layouts have been recognized by the district administration.The stretch between Nalgonda and Narketpally sells like hot cakes extending up to Duppalapalli. Sagar Road up to Chintagudabavi and Darvesipuram on Devarakonda Road is also a 'hot realty' zone. Officials identified 76 illegal layouts in Narketpally panchayat limits recently. \"Nalgonda has suddenly become a hot spot for realty boom because the water crisis has been resolved to a large extent. Previously, we used to get water once every 8-10 days. Now, the situation has improved with Krishna water supply once every three days,\" Burra Prem Kumar, a resident of Narketpally, said.Market analysts said people from neighbouring districts such as Hyderabad, Rangareddy, Guntur and Krishna are coming forward to buy plots because of huge employment potential as well. Businessmen and upper middle class people from Nalgonda, Miryalaguda, Nakrekal, Chityal, Suryapet, Neredcharla and Huzurnagar went on a borrowing spree to buy huge tracts of land to make quick bucks. \"Those who got hefty returns started re-investing hoping to rake in more moolah,\" an expert pointed out.Meanwhile, officials are at their wit's end with the booming illegal realty racket as most of the realtors are in cahoots with local politicians. \"People should be wary about illegal ventures. We can take action against such ventures,\" warned Padmakar, RDO, Nalgonda. For instance, realtors in the tribal-dominant Devarakonda are promising moon to the buyers by claiming that the town would soon be made into a municipality and that the land rates would see a massive jump. \"There is no truth in such campaign. The realty mafia is at work,\" said a senior revenue official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13982564", "title": "\u2018Tech-challenged professor caused leak\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Did computer illiteracy cause the Mumbai University paper leak? One of the two women professors arrested on Friday told cops that she lacked the knowledge to operate a computer. According to the police, the professor asked a peon to scan and save a copy of the paper on her computer, however, he passed on the printout to an accomplice causing the leak.The crime branch, which is investigating the case, had arrested 14 professors last week. Later it arrested two professors, Archana Thakare and Kavita Yadav who taught at Karjat's Konkan Gyanpeeth Engineering College.Two other professors\u2014Milind Lad and Shrikant More\u2014besides laboratory assistant Sachin Lad arrested recently are also from the same college. They have been booked under sections 5 and 6 of the Maharashtra Prevention of Malpractices at University, Board and Other Specified Examinations Act, 1982. Meanwhile, the police have also received the manuscript of the original BEEE paper. Thakare's handwriting does not match the one on the manuscript and investigators plan to rope in handwriting experts to ascertain the scrawl. Police sources also said that three students accused of sourcing leaked engineering papers and uploading them on social networking sites were allowed to appear for their respective exams on Friday, while in police custody. They had requested the court to allow them to appear for the exams. Later, a Metropolitan Magistrate Court allowed an application moved by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13980839", "title": "Young doctors should work in rural areas: President Pratibha Patil", "text": "PUNE: President Pratibha Patil on Saturday urged young doctors to work in rural areas, at least for some years, because medical facilities in rural areas were limited.Speaking at the convocation ceremony of the D Y Patil Vidyapeeth in Pimpri, Patil said accessibility to health services for all sections of society was uneven and that in the context of national objective of inclusive growth, one must also include inclusive health. Patil said that quality healthcare facilities should be accessible and affordable to all.\"Doctors play an important role in the society. Medical education is comparatively costly. However, young doctors should not be in a hurry to recover all the costs in the shortest possible time. By serving in rural areas, the doctors would be doing good work for the nation. The stint will be a valuable addition to their professional experience,\" Patil said.Suggesting specialized courses in management of health facilities in management courses and in medical studies, Patil said that the health system of the country should focus on prevention and early diagnosis of disease. \"Many prominent non-communicable diseases are often linked with unhealthy diet and lack of physical activity,\" the President said.Earlier, founder of the D Y Patil Vidyapeeth and governor of Tripura D Y Patil and chancellor of the deemed university P D Patil conferred honorary D Litt degrees on former deputy chairman of the planning commission Mohan Dharia and present deputy chairman of planning commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia.Among others present included Maharashtra governor K Sankarnarayanan, state minister for cooperation Harshvardhan Patil and educationist Devisingh Shekhawat.Earlier, President Pratibha Patil inaugurated the new building of Vidya Pratishthan's engineering and architecture college in Baramati. Addressing the gathering, Patil said the Baramati model of development that combined agriculture with supplementary small scale businesses can benefit farmers across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13994460", "title": "Ekta, Aashutosh to get engaged!", "text": "TV actress Ekta Tiwari of Tere Mere Sapne fame will get engaged to Aashutosh Tiwari on 13th June 2012.Aashutosh played the character of Kundan Bansi in Mrs. Kaushik Ki Paanch Bahuein . The two first met each other while they were shooting for their respective shows. Says Ekta, \"Our sets were close by. I was shooting for Tere Mere Sapne and he was shooting for Bhagonwali . But the thing is, we never dated! We have been friends on BBM (Blackberry messenger) and two weeks back, Aashutosh directly approached my mother and asked if we could get engaged\".A blushing Ekta is all excited about the ceremony which takes place at Aashutosh house in Kanpur. And for the special occasion, both Ekta and Aashutosh outfits will be colour co-ordinated. Says a beaming Ekta, \"We both will be dressed in Royal blue where I will don a traditional lehenga and he will wear a matching kurta '. The couple have their hopes on tying the knot in January 2013 but Ekta adds, \"It's too soon to talk about now. Let's just say it's going to be like a Chat mangni pat byah scene\".The TV actress is all praises for her beau, \"As you all know, Aashutosh is the villain of the TV industry. (laughs). Lekin real life mein, who heroine ke utha ke le gaya. He is very caring and understanding and also very quite\". When contacted, Aashutosh Tiwari also praised Ekta, \"She's a very sweet girl and she's a heroine minus the tantrums. That's what attracted me the most to her. It was her simplicity that bowled me over.\"So has he done anything special for his lady love? \"The engagement was a surprise for both me and Ekta. We had no clue what our families were planning. We have been friends and one day we both were told to just stop shooting and come over to Kanpur. So I have not been able to do anything special for her. But from now, I will plan many special things for her\". For Ekta and Aashutosh fans, here's some more juicy news! The couple is set to perform on some songs from Rowdy Rathore in true filmy style.Here's congratulating the happy couple towards a new beginning!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "13982453", "title": "Nagpur lady drowns at Sinquerim", "text": "CALANGUTE: In a tragic incident, Prerna Chowdhari, a 23-year-old woman from Nagpur, drowned off Sinquerim beach on Friday evening.It is learned that she was on a holiday in Goa with her family when they ventured into the sea. The incident occurred after the lifeguards patrolling the beach had gone off-duty at 7pm.People on the beach along with her family members managed to retrieve her body from the sea and rushed her to the Candolim primary health centre where the doctors declared her brought dead at 7.40pm.Her body was later taken to the Goa medical college and hospital (GMC) at Bambolim for a postmortem which was conducted on Saturday morning. Doctors said the cause of death was drowning due to asphyxiation. Calangute police sub-inspector Malcom Colaco is conducting further investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13978627", "title": "TP murder case: T K Rajeesh\u2019s arrest a lifeline for VS Achuthanandan", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The arrest of T K Rajeesh in the TP murder case seems to have helped V S Achuthanandan defend his case before the central leadership and it has increased his chances of escaping the present imbroglio without any severe disciplinary action. The damning revelations of Rajeesh that have put the CPM leadership in the dock, are believed to be one of the reasons why the CPM leadership has not taken an immediate disciplinary action against VS.\"One of the points raised by VS during his recent fights is the involvement of a section of CPM leaders in the political murders. When the party condemns political murders in West Bengal, it can't take a different view in Kerala. Right from the first day of TP murder, VS was convinced that a group of leaders from Kannur was behind this incident,\" said a source.The first letter written by VS to the central leadership threw enough hints that the ongoing inquiry will reveal the dangerous links between Kannur leaders and goons and how that impacts the party in Kerala.When Rajeesh spilled the beans, the state leadership of the party was forced to be on the defensive.All arguments of the party that the CPM didn't have any role in the murder fell flat when he reportedly told the investigators that his role is not limited to this murder but extends to three others that happened in Kannur. When he pointed fingers at Kunhanandan, who is an area committee member of the CPM, the link became clearer. The relation of Kunhanandan with Kannur leaders of the CPM is known even to the central leadership. In fact, the timing of Rajeesh's arrest turned out to be more crucial for VS than for the investigators. Sources close to VS said the central leadership is equally upset with Pinarayi Vijayan for the stand he took in the TP murder case and in the Mani issue.\"When VS takes a public position against the party's wrong stands, how can the leadership disown him? That is the dilemma of the central leadership,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13993641", "title": "Queen Elizabeth does her own washing up", "text": "Queen Elizabeth does her own washing up, when she is entertaining guests for a barbecue.The 86-year-old monarch - who celebrated her Diamond Jubilee as Queen last weekend - likes to be quite hands-on when she's entertaining her guests, as does her husband Prince Philip.\"We know she likes to have a supper tray while watching television, she likes simple food and she's probably happier than when she hasn't got a big dinner to go to in the evening,\" Contactmusic quoted former BBC royal reporter Jennie Bond as saying.\"Probably not at Buckingham Palace but at Windsor Castle, she can relax. Or the long summer, when she's up at Balmoral, is when she's really happy. You can imagine her sitting in her tweed skirt, surrounded by dogs. \"And when you have a barbecue or picnic with her in one of the cabins by the river. Prince Philip will do the barbecuing and she'll always make a point of doing the washing up,\" Bond added.Bond also revealed how the Queen is quite funny, but doesn't like to show her sense of humour to many people.\"I think she does have quite a dry sense of humour, but it's not something she readily shares with journalist,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13987179", "title": "BJP has close links with mining mafia: Digvijay Singh", "text": "BHOPAL: Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh on Saturday accused the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Madhya Pradesh of having close links with the mining mafia. He alleged that illegal mining activities in the entire state were flourishing under a \"criminal-contractor-BJP cadre and pliable bureaucrats.\"\"Large scale illegal mining, particularly of sand, is taking place in the state. Congress has been questioning that how a mining firm can suddenly start controlling the sand mining operations,\" he said here after his return from the campaigning in Maheshwar (SC) constituency, which is going for a by-poll on June 12.Referring to a recent murder that took place in Jabalpur, the Congress general secretary said it was related to illegal sand mining. There have been a number of incidents of murder and other crimes in which mining mafia were involved, he said and alleged that the local BJP leaders were patronizing the mining syndicate.Pointing out that the panchayat institutions were entrusted with the task of mining of minerals such as sand previously, Singh said after the BJP came to power, contractors gradually took control of the sand mining operations.'Not keen to meet Baba Ramdev'BHOPAL: Congress leader Digvijay Singh said he would not like to meet yoga guru Baba Ramdev unless and until he stopped his tirade against Congress president Sonia Gandhi and her kin. \"Baba approached me through one of his aide, seeking an appointment. I said no. I am not interested in meeting him until he stops his tirade,\" he said .'Modi a tyrant'BHOPAL: A day after RSS ideologue Sanjay Joshi was stripped of all the posts of BJP following his differences with Gujarat CM Narendra Modi , Digvijay said Modi was a tyrant, who can't face any competition. \"Modi is a tyrant. He can't tolerate any competition,\" he told reporters here. \"All my sympathies are with Sanjay Joshi. He has paid the price to be in the know of too much of secrets of Modi,\" he said.Maoists are extortionists, says ex-CMBHOPAL: Describing Maoists as a 'extortionists', former MP chief minister Digvijay Singh accused the BJP of striking a deal with the rebels for their long-term political gains in the tribal areas of Chhattisgarh and some other states. \"Maoists have become extortionists. If we analyse things, we can see a pattern in Chhattisgarh as well as in Orissa,\" Digvijay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13991661", "title": "Air India plane with 52 on board lands under emergency conditions", "text": "GUWAHATI: A Silchar-Guwahati Air India plane with 52 people on board landed under emergency conditions at the Lokopriya Gopinath Bordoli International airport here today.All the 48 passengers and four crew members in the plane were safe, Air India sources said.The aircraft had developed some technical snag forcing it to land at the airport, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13986001", "title": "Subansiri dam work gets Tarun Gogoi assurance", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi has offered security cover to National Hydro Power Corporation if it wants to resume construction work of the 2000-MW Subansiri Lower hydel project in neighbouring Arunachal Pradesh , which is in a limbo since December last, following blockades against movement of men and materials for the project by anti-dam protesters.Gogoi's assurance to NHPC comes a day after the company's Subansiri basin project executive director Rakesh expressed concern over the project's fate because of the opposition by some groups.Anti-dam protesters, comprising several groups and student organizations, are apprehensive that the dam would have a devastating effect in the downstream areas of Assam and that its structure may not be strong enough for the region located in high earthquake-risk zone.Gogoi said a group of international experts would soon visit the dam site to see its construction. \"When I met the experts in New Delhi last week, they told me if there are any flaws in the dam structure, those can be corrected. The experts will also meet protesters and locals,\" said Gogoi.Gogoi said, \"If NHPC wants to start construction again, we can give it all sorts of security.\" He added that the government would respond to protesters in a positive way only if their protests are reasonable.\"The dam is for the benefit of people. But if it brings devastation, we will not support building of such dams. Protests will be there but that should not be a deterrent to development,\" he said. He added that the experts' body would see if the new low-cost technology assuring dam safety called Piano Key Wier (PKW) can be applied to the Subansiri project.Last week, Gogoi attended a workshop on Piano Key Weir for In-stream Storage and Dam Safety in New Delhi where he said he would start a pilot project on experimental basis using the technology in the state. The workshop was organized by Indian Water Resources Society, department of water tresources development and management of IIT-Roorkee and department of civil engineering and environmental sciences of University of Petroleum and Energy Study, Dehra Dun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13977237", "title": "Special economic zone status for SmartCity land", "text": "KOCHI: Chief minister Oommen Chandy said here on Saturday that the Union government would soon give single special economic zone (SEZ) status for the land handed over to SmartCity which is bifurcated by a river that flows through it.Speaking after inaugurating the office-cum-sales pavilion of SmartCity, Chandy said the Central government had made certain changes in the norms in order to do this. As per the norms, single SEZ status can't be given to land divided by natural boundaries like rivers or canals. \"The Union government changed the norms at our requests, and is expected to issue orders in this regard soon,\" Chandy said.The construction of the first phase of the IT buildings of the SmartCity project would begin within one and-a-half year. There won't be any further delay in implementing this prestigious project, he said.To a query, he said the cost of the project had gone up to Rs 2,000 crore from the original estimate of Rs 1,500 crore owing to the delay in implementation. The construction of the sales pavilion had been delayed. \"And that was mainly because of the changes made in the size of the building. The pavilion was initially designed as a 5,500 sq ft building. Later, it was changed to more than 10,000 sq ft,\" the CM said. There were many hurdles in the way of the project, and the government kept overcoming them, he said.Of the proposed 30 lakh sq ft built-up area, the 3.5 lakh sq ft building, which is to be constructed as part of the first phase, would be completed within 18 months, he said.Tecom Investments CEO Abdullatif Al Mulla, who delivered the key-note address, however, differed on the deadline. He said the first IT building would be completed only within 24 months. To a query, Al Mulla said Tecom faced no cash crunch. He, however, didn't provide any data to substantiate his claims.Industries and IT minister P K Kunhalikkutty, who is also the chairman of SmartCity, presided over the meeting. Finance minister K M Mani, excise minister K Babu, PWD minister V K Ibrahimkunju, K P Dhanapalan MP, S Sarma MLA, Benny Behnan MLA, V P Sajeendran MLA, M A Yusuf Ali, Norka Roots vice chairman and special invitee on SmartCity director board, and Baju George, SmartCity Kochi managing director, also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13981869", "title": "Soon, camps to train locals how to use MCG website", "text": "Gurgaon: The municipal commissioner has asked the IT department to organize camps to familiarize residents with the MCG website and train them to lodge complaints and view the progress of developmental projects. \"The camp would provide training to RWA members, councillors and members of the media so that more people start using the online facility. Not many people are aware of the services provided on the website and we hope that these camps would educate the residents,\" said Sudhir Rajpal, municipal commissioner. Apart from the website, MCG also runs a call center which has recieved very low response. \"Even though we have tried to advertise the call center facility and the website by putting up hoardings at several locations, these measures have not been enough. We hope that the camps would provide a first-hand experience to the residents on how to use the service provided on our website,\" said an officer. On the other hand, the residents seem to be skeptical. \"The employees manning the call center are not adequately trained and are clueless at times, about how to deal with the given circumstance. Even if they do register a compliant, the follow up work is too slow and many times the issue is not resolved in the stipulated time period and therefore, residents like me are not keen to avail these facilities,\" said Gautam Mishra, a resident of Sector-23 resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13987387", "title": "Row over hall demolition, owner, Bhopal Municipal Corporation at loggerheads", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) had to stop its demolition drive against Marriage Hills View Garden at Nehru Nagar after the owner turned up with the stay order from the Mahdya Pradesh high court (MPHC).By the time authorities came to know about the HC stay, the corporation had razed a major portion of the marriage hall.\"We were not aware of any stay order from the HC when we began the demolition of the hall,\" Amit Gajbhiye, city planner said. \"Moreover, the property owner also did not inform about this to the corporation. However, as we came to know about the stay order, we immediately stopped the demolition process,\" he added.The issue has now become a bone of contention between the hall owner and BMC. While the BMC claimed that they had no idea of the stay order, the owner convened a press conference on Saturday and accused the BMC of hasty action, without applying mind.The corporation claimed it illegal as the owner did not seek building permission while constructing the building, officials said.Shahid Siddique, owner of the marriage hall said, \"We had built the marriage hall before the law made it mandatory to take building permission before constructing any structure. \"The corporation demolished more than half of the marriage hall despite the stay order.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13984688", "title": "Turtle season ends with release of 10,000 hatchlings", "text": "Chennai: The last walk to the beach has been made , the last bamboo pole at the hatchery removed and the last olive ridley hatchling released from Chennai's beaches into the sea . The season which began in January ended a fewdays ago.After relocating 120 nests and releasing over 10,000 hatchlings for conserving the endangeredspecies , Students Sea Turtle Conservation Network (SSTCN ) volunteers can rest . They covered two stretches \u2014 from Urur Kuppam to Neelankarai (Besant Nagar stretch ) andfrom Srinivasapuram toNapier bridge (Marina stretch ) \u2014 over a distanceof 15km .The number of hatchlings released this year is about 30 % lower than last year's figure , say volunteers . About 6,500 hatchlingswere releasedfrom 76 nests on the Marina stretch and 3,500 from 44 nests on the Besant Nagar stretch this year against the 14,000 released from 183 nests in 2011. \"There has been a good hatchling rate this year ,\" says V Arun ,coordinator .Experts say seasonal variance in the number of nests is common . \"Not allturtles nestevery year .Andturtleslivelong ,so such variance is common ,\" says Adhith Swaminathan ,trusteeof SSTCN . Availability of food on the route , congregations , places wherethe males are , accessibility of beaches , fishing practices \u2014allcontributeto nesting .It is important to see the trendin thelong term ,say volunteers . \"From 2001to2010, nesting stabilized at 45-60 nests (on the BesantN agar stretch ).\"SSTCN memberssayolive ridleys have become extinct from other coastal areas like Tharangabadi near Nagapattinam . In other areas , there haven't been enough turtles surviving to their reproductive years compared to the previous set. \"So when turtles stop reproducing then thereis no younger generation to fill the gap. Which is why species become endangered and later goextinct ,\" saysAdhith .Volunteers walk along the beach looking for nests by spotting turtle tracks on the soft sand . The nests' measurements aretaken andeggs relocatedin a hatchery in nests with the same measurements . After the eggs hatch , the hatchlings are releasedintothesea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13977851", "title": "Industrial units reel under metal thefts", "text": "HYDERABAD: Thieves breaking into homes and decamping with cash, jewellery and even electronic goods may be a routine affair in most cities. But now robbers seem to have taken a shine to other metals such as copper and aluminum, going by the rising incidents of theft of these metals at industrial units in and around Hyderabad over the past one month or so.While precious metals like gold and silver are obviously much sought after by thieves due to their soaring prices, what now seems to be attracting robbers to non-ferrous metals such as copper and aluminium is the relatively high value of these metals as compared to other non-precious metals.While prices of copper are understood to vary from Rs 400-600 per kg depending upon the quality, those of aluminum are learnt to range from Rs 125-150 per kg. Both these metals largely go into making of electrical goods such as fans, motors, pumps, power transmission equipment as well as wires.In fact, in just the one month, from May 6 to June 6 this year, at least five incidents of theft of over 15,500 kg of copper and 5,000 kg of aluminium worth around Rs 1 crore have been reported from industrial areas of Jeedimetla, Nacharam, Patancheru, Kattedan and Gaganpahad by gangs with the same modus operandi.In all the cases, gangs of Hindi-speaking thieves armed with knives and guns allegedly broke into the units, overpowered security guards and workers and drove off with truckloads of these metals in the wee hours.In fact, the last incident that took place on June 6 at Vartika Wire at IDA Nacharam saw the thieves decamp with 9,000 kg of copper wire and enamelled copper wire worth around Rs 60 lakh. Apart from Vartika Wire, thefts were also reported at DR Metals of Gaganpahad, Tirupati Metal at Kattedan, SVS Wires at Jeedimetla IDA and Cubex Tubings of Patancheru.Alarmed at the rising incidents of thefts at industrial units in and around Hyderabad over the past one month, the state's apex trade and industry body, Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Fapcci), has come down heavily on the failure of the police department to track down the thieves and has sought immediate steps to ensure safety and security of industrial units.Aggrieved by the growing 'boldness' of robbers, Winding Wires Manufacturing Association, whose members are being targeted, has also announced a cash reward of Rs 3 lakh to anyone providing information about the gangs.Talking to newspersons here on Saturday to highlight the plight of industrial units which are already reeling under the effects of the economic slowdown and power outages, Fapcci top guns pointed out that while pilferage of material in small quantities from industrial units was common, the incidents of thieves zooming away with truck loads of material was unprecedented.They also vented their ire at the police authorities and their failure to come up with a single lead in the matter despite the owners of Vartika Wire providing around eight hours of CCTV footage of the robbery to the cops.\"Such large-scale theft of industrial material is unheard of not just in Andhra Pradesh but the entire South India. These gangs are driving away with lorry loads of material with impunity all over Hyderabad but not a single case has been solved so far,\" Fapcci senior vice-president Devendra Surana told newspersons at a press conference organised by Fapcci to highlight the plight of the victims.\"These incidents have sent a wave of fear through the industry, which is already facing major problems on all fronts. This is only adding to our burden,\" a top official of one of the targeted units said.Pointing out that not only was the value of thefts progressively increasing, Fapcci officials also alleged that the value of materials were being under reported by the cops in sections of the media.\"Such a productive sector is suffering losses due to such large-scale theft. This is also unhealthy for the entire industry,\" said PR Bhandari of Cubex Tubings, which was targeted on June 2, where 2,000 kg of copper and copper alloy tubes were stolen.When contacted, Cyberabad police commissioner Ch Dwarka Tirumala Rao admitted that such incidents were being reported for the first time in the city and said that a special team had been set up to investigate the series of dacoities in industrial areas.\"A group of industrialists met me in connection with the Nacharam case three days ago. We suspect the role of outsiders in the dacoity incidents. We have some leads and are confident of nabbing the culprits,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13987074", "title": "No nest in the Coimbatore for birds in peril", "text": "COIMBATORE: That the city lacks facilities to save lives of birds and animals during emergencies became evident on Saturday when a dentist and a bird lover, S Muhammed, brought a day-old bird to Coimbatore Corporation Zoo with the hope of saving its life. To his disappointment, the bird died despite the best efforts of the doctor.On Saturday morning, Muhammad spotted the bird on the floor of a shop at Sulur. \"I was about to step on it,\" he said. He brought the bird to the zoo where he was shown how to take care of the young bird.However, the bird could not be saved. Dr K Asokan, director of the Coimbatore Corporation Zoo, said it is difficult to save birds with such short life span. \"The bird at this stage needs the care of its mother. Unless the bird is few days old, the chances of its survival are less,\" he added. Asokan indicated that though young animals, if rescued, may be saved there are no ways to save young birds.Animal activists say that though there are voluntary organisations that are committed to rescuing animals and birds, the city lacks facilities to protect young animals and birds. Kalpana Vasudevan, who runs the NGO People for Animals (PFA), said facilities as well as trained staff for rescuing animals and birds are lacking. Apart from a centre run by PFA, there is another centre run by another organisation called the Humane Animal Society (HAS). At the same time, there are not many facilities for the birds. Though land has been allotted for creating an animal rescue centre, no real progress has been made to build it since.Activists of Animal Rescuers, a students' voluntary group, said they have plans to set up a birds rescue centre in the city. Joseph Reginald, a volunteer with Animal Rescuers, said they have started the process. \"We hope that by this year, we will be able to set up the centre,\" he said. Such a centre will help prevent bird species in the city from becoming extinct, he said. The centre will need trained staff, and facilities", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13981359", "title": "Rajasthan University begins online admission process", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan University has started its admission process for the 2012-13 session with the opening of online applications. The new system is expected to do away with long queues at both admission and information kiosks.The new admission process of the university is not without hitches though as faults in the computers halted the process. Admissions are on for RU's 38 PG departments and nine centre of excellence along with its six constituent colleges for a total of 10,000 seats.Students seeking admission in 36 of the 38 PG departments will have to appear for entrance tests. Last year, the university conducted entrance tests for nine PG departments against a total of 38 PG departments. The date of entrance test is yet to be announced by the university.The test weighing 70% marks is design to judge the applicant's aptitude, general knowledge and subject knowledge. Rest 30% marks will be awarded on the basis of student's academic performance in BA/BCom/BSc/BBA and BCA, sociology department head Rajiv Gupta said.Students can fill the online admission forms till June 15 for UG and June 17 for postgraduate departments without being charged the late fee.S K Gupta, deputy director of INFONET, a center responsible for online admission forms, said students seeking admission in six of the RU constituent colleges in Jaipur will have to first create a user name and give his mailing address.Later, RU will send them a link to have access to their user names and passwords. This would enable the students to fill up their forms. Afterwards, they can fill up forms, including the college they wish to get admissions, combination of subjects and other details. Later, they can submit it either by post or by personally depositing the hard copy of the online filed form, Gupta said. So far, the university has received a few hundred applications in last three days. The INFONET is expecting around 50,000 applications aganist 10,000 seats in RU and its constituent collegesHowever, the registration process is not entirely online. Once the first list is announced, successful candidates will have to submit their original documents to the respective departments and the college.Even the university has failed to create an online payment gateway. \"Students have to deposit the fees once the first cut-off list is announced,\" Gupta said. Only registered students can download a copy of the prospectus and syllabus of 38 departments and six colleges.Meanwhile, every department in the university is prepared to answer students' queries.E-glitches, server snag, annoy RU applicantsJAIPUR: Thousands of students failed to download admission forms for the third consecutive day owing to server problems on the Rajasthan University website. The partial online admission process that started since Thursday saw a few number of applications. The utter chaos is dissuading students away from Rajasthan University and its constituent colleges.Many students complained that they are not able to open the registration link on the given websites of RU even after sitting on the computer for hours. Students called up the university helpline numbers but failed to get any response. They are now clueless on how to submit admission forms. TOI also called the helpline numbers but got no response and it has exposed the claims of university of helping students in all possible manner.The INFONET department which is handling online admissions has said that problem may persist for a few more days. TOI tried to call the V-C of the university but failed to get any response from him.Struggling to download the admission forms, many students were left with no option but to apply for other private universities which are running the admisssion process almost in a parallel manner. \"I have no idea when I will able to submit the admission form. It is very cumbersome to wait for hours to see the website open,\" said Aniket Goyal, a student of Maharaja college.Reacting to the situation , Sumit Bhagasara, state president of National Students Union of India ( NSUI), has demanded that the university administration starts with manual admission forms. He also alleged that poor response will divert the students to private universities. \"The university administration is ill prepared to handle online admission process. The delay is causing impatience leading to diversion of students,\" Bhagasara said.The misery of students didn't end here. Cyber cafes around university and colleges are charging hefty amounts from the students. Long queues of students could be seen outside every cyber cafe with students struggling to get a chance to sit with a computer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13980883", "title": "22 vehicles involved in expressway mishaps at Wadgaon Maval", "text": "PUNE: Traffic on the busy Pune-Mumbai expressway was affected for over an hour on Saturday evening after two separate accidents occurred at the same spot at Wadgaon Maval near Kamshet in a span of two hours. Two persons were seriously injured while 15 people received minor injuries.Both accidents occurred because a vehicle stopped midway, resulting in others coming from behind ramming into each other. Twenty-two vehicles were damaged in the two accidents.M D Adagale, assistant police inspector, Wadgaon, state highway police (traffic), said the first accident occurred around 4 pm. A tempo broke down midway in the tunnel and stopped. \"Around 15 vehicles coming from behind dashed into it. Two people were seriously injured while nine sustained minor injuries. The injured were rushed to Lokmanya hospital, Nigdi in Pimpri Chinchwad for treatment. We removed the damaged vehicles outside the tunnel with the help of four cranes.\"Shivaji Mane (50), a resident of Vashi, Navi Mumbai and his 40-year-old wife Bharati were seriously injured and are undergoing treatment in the ICU of the Lokmanya hospital. Their daughters Radhika and Rohini sustained minor injuries. Sunil Chaudhary (52), a resident of Kalyan, took voluntary discharge from the hospital. Ritika Wasnik (12), Akanksha Wasnik (16) and Suchita Wasnik (39) sustained minor injuries. The remaining injured were given first aid on the spot and allowed to go.Even as the police were getting details of the first accident they came to know that another accident occurred at the same spot around 5.50 pm. About five cars had rammed into an Innova car. Vidyanand Joshi, the driver of the Innova car, told the police that a Xylo stopped in the middle of the expressway so he slowed down and stopped. Five speeding vehicles came from behind and rammed into his car.The police removed the damaged cars from inside the tunnel with the help of cranes and stopped the traffic for about five minutes.J K Shrikhande, chief of emergency medical service, Lokmanya hospital Nigdi, who supervised the rescue work, said, \"A team of 40 people comprising senior IRB officials, members of Delta Force, patrolling policemen and traffic policemen participated in the rescue operation. Six ambulances were summoned and four doctors and 10 paramedical staff of Lokmanya hospital extended help.\"Shrikhande said that combined efforts of such a large team ensured there were no casualties.The damaged vehicles were taken away by the owners or relatives for repairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13982585", "title": "Part-time art, physical education teachers for some primary schools", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has received sanction from the central government for 78 additional part-time teachers for primary schools with over 100 students. Goa has got a budget provision of 140 lakh from the central government for appointment of the art education, health and physical education and work education teachers.Up to 26 primary schools will be able to appoint part-time instructors in the three subjects if their student enrolment exceeds 100. At the upper primary level, Goa Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan has received sanction for 15 part-time health and physical education teachers, 16 art teachers and a similar number of work education teachers if their student numbers exceed 100. The state has been provided 80 lakh for the purpose.In addition, one accountant-cum-support staff will be provided for a cluster of every 50 schools which will ensure that administrative jobs do not affect school functioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13990968", "title": "More anti-Modi advertisements, posters appear in Gujarat", "text": "RAJKOT: The poster war within the Gujarat BJP is far from over.On Sunday morning, in a repeat of a similar incident a few days ago, more pro-Sanjay Joshi posters appeared in Rajkot, near the venue where the state BJP executive is holding its meeting, according to Times Now.Besides the local newspapers in the state also carried advertisements favouring Sanjay Joshi on Sunday.One of these advertisements spoke at length on how Sanjay Joshi was wronged by the party.The posters were removed as soon as they were noticed by the party workers.The BJP central leadership has refused to comment on the new posters.Sanjay Joshi, a bitter foe of Narendra Modi, had resigned from the party on Friday ahead of the state executive meeting.Earlier posters mysteriously appeared in Delhi and Ahmedabad criticising Sanjay Joshi's forced exit from the BJP national executive. Sanjay Joshi has denied any role in the anti-Modi posters.While the BJP may have dumped Sanjay Joshi to keep Gujarat CM Narendra Modi in good humour, there seems to be no end to the trouble for the party in the state ahead of assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13985352", "title": "State government starts kharif helpline for farmers", "text": "NAGPUR: The agriculture department's district unit is all geared up for the kharif season with sowing operations to begin anytime now on arrival of rains. State food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh, who reviewed the preparations, said on Saturday that all measures were in place and there was no shortage of seeds or fertilizers.Deshmukh said that he had been assured by the officials concerned that flying squads would be pressed into service to monitor quality of all farm inputs being sold by private traders. He said that farmers having complaints or who suspect that bogus seeds or substandard fertilizers were being sold in the market can register their complaints at a helpline set up by the department. The toll-free helpline number is 1800 2334 000. Squads will be operational in every taluka, he said. A monitoring cell headed by taluka agriculture officer has also been set up in every taluka.The minister said that the expected areas of cultivation of crops in the district were: Paddy - 787 hectares, soyabean - 2,400 hectares, cotton 1,065 hectares, tur 650 hectares and gram 1013 hectares. Plans for supply of 1.26 lakh metric tonnes of fertilizers including urea, DAP, MOP, SSP have been finalized. The flying squads would collect samples from dealers and check them for quality.About problems of electricity supply to farms, Deshmukh said that the state power company officials have informed that pendency of new connections has come down from 2,162 (last year) to 1,182. Last year the district had 52 rainy days and the rainfall received was 937mm or 90.4% of the average of 1037mm. Earlier this week the water stocks in large dam reservoirs was 19% while that in small reservoirs was 12% in the district. About crop loan disbursement to farmers, he said that of the total target of 645 crore, till date 62% or 353 crore was availed by the farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13983611", "title": "Army rescues over 400 trapped in J&K; landslide", "text": "Army soldiers rescued over 400 civilians including women and children trapped in hundreds of stranded vehicles due to heavy snowfall along the highest motorable road at Khardungla near Leh on Friday night. Defence spokesman Lt Col Rajesh Kalia said that Army rescuers worked throughout the night to clear the slides and rescue the tourists using manual and mechanical means. \"...heavy snowfall triggered massive multiple landslides on the Leh-Khardung la-Khalsar axis on a 10km stretch,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13993659", "title": "Chetri to lead Indian hockey team in Europe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Goalkeeper Bharat Chetri has been retained captain of the Indian hockey team for the upcoming European tour during which they will play Test matches followed by a three-nation invitational tournament in Spain.The assignments in Europe are part of India's preparations for the London Olympics, scheduled to start on July 27.Sardar Singh will be the vice-captain of the 22-member team that will play a two-match Test series against France from June 28-30 followed by the tournament in Santander from July 14-18.India will play the two Test matches in Lille before travelling to Santander, where they will again play two matches each against Spain and South Africa from July 5-11.Selection trials were conducted at the Balewadi Sports Complex in Pune on June 6 and 7 under the watchful eyes of Hockey India selectors B P Govinda and Col. Balbir Singh, along with Government observer Harbinder Singh.Besides Indian and Spain, the three-nation tournament will feature Great Britain .The tournament will be played on the blue artificial turf with yellow kookaburra balls.During the three-week tour of France and Spain, India will play a total of eight matches before shifting to the Olympic Village in London.The matches are expected to help the Indian team acclimatise to the European conditions which will be similar to those in London in July and August.Team:Goalkeepers: Bharat Chetri (captain), PR SreejeshDefenders: VR Raghunath, Ignace Tirkey, Sandeep Singh, Rupinder Pal SinghMidfielders: Sardar Singh (vice-captain), Kothajit Singh, Gurbaj Singh, Birendra Lakra, Manpreet SinghForwards: SV Sunil, Gurwinder Singh Chandi, Sarvanjit Singh, Shivendra Singh, Danish Mujtaba, Tushar Khandker, Dharamvir Singh, Chinglensana Singh, S K Uthappa, Nithin Thimmaiah, Pradhan Somanna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "agra", "code": "13996133", "title": "Pregnant woman confronts husband's attackers", "text": "AGRA: A young woman led to the capture of two bike-borne assailants who shot her husband on Agra-Fatehpur Sikri road by clinging on to one of them till they were caught.Pooja, who was reportedly pregnant, grabbed the leg of one of the assailants shortly after they shot her husband Mukesh (22) at point blank range on Saturday evening, police said.The accused, identified as Rameshwar and Lakhan Singh, were tailing the couple from Korai village and stopped them near Muriapur railway crossing, they said.While one of them was caught by locals on hearing Pooja's cries for help, the other accused was nabbed after a chase and handed over to the police.However, the woman's husband, a law student, succumbed to his injuries while being taken to a hospital in Agra, they said, adding that the couple married six months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13983243", "title": "Make a call, locate your polling booth", "text": "Locating the polling booths won't be so much of trouble this time in Graduates' constituency. In order to enable thousands of graduate voters, a toll free helpline has been set up to help them locate their polling booths. Ring up 080-49311234 . Voters can also access to get polling booth number and directions to reach. There are 1,10,600 graduate voters registered and there are 38 polling booths. The election will be held from 8am to 4pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13981752", "title": "Wanted: An office for Gurgaon councillors", "text": "Gurgaon: The haphazard way in which the MCG works can be gauged from the fact that there has been absolutely no plan to have a proper office for the councillors to have their monthly meetings. The result of this slapdash style of functioning is being borne by the tax-payer whose money is being wasted in hiring expensive venues to have these meetings. The MCG shelled out Rs 40,000 to hold its latest House meeting last month. Ironically, even now there is no concrete plan to have an office, with talks still stuck in the initial stage. While officially both MCG officials and the mayor claim that the plan to set up an office is in place, the picture is far from perfect. The authorities have not even been able to finalize a place where the office would eventually come up. \"The area near Vyapar Sadan in the old city is almost certain and the MCG office is likely to be built here. However, the area in Silokhra village is also under consideration,\" said Yashpal Batra, deputy mayor, MCG. Some of the MCG councillors seem to be divided on the place where the office should be located. They say that the office should be located in the new part of the city as the old city is too congested and has limited parking space. The MCG officials, on the other hand, maintain that the delay in finalizing the place is because till recently the matter was sub judice. \"The piece of land available at Silokhra is ideal for the office to come up. However, a final decision will be taken by the councillors. There was a court case going on regarding the land and therefore we could not start the construction process till now,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13997951", "title": "3 lakh students fail Hindi in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Class X UP board results declared on Friday have thrown up a surprise with the overall pass percentage recording an impressive 12.93% increase in comparison to previous year. But what was shocking was the failure of over three lakh students in Hindi language paper.According to board officials, out of 35 lakh students who took the Hindi exam, barely 1,500 managed to score 91% or above in it. About 40% of the students secured above 50% marks in Hindi paper. ``There was a drop of 20% in the number of students securing first division in Hindi,'' said a board official, adding that many students who secured above 90% in Mathematics could only get 40-45% in Hindi.In 2011, out of 33 lakh students who took the exam, nearly five lakh were declared unsuccessful in Hindi paper. Board officials believe though the number has come down, but it is a point of concern for them. ``Introduction of Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) has brought down the numbers but the figures are disturbing,'' said an official.As per the rules of Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad, that conducts the board examination, any student who fails in Hindi is declared unsuccessful, and is detained. When asked for the reason behind high number of failure in Hindi, board officials could not point out any specific reason for the poor performance. ``We will certainly look into the results and then come to a conclusion,'' said a board official.Surprisingly, this year, English which was the language that caused difficulty to the students, especially those from rural areas have a pass percentage which is almost equal to Hindi. The overall pass percentage of English stood at 89.76%.Secondary education teachers believe that students do not pay attention to the subject as it is their mother tongue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13977775", "title": "Governor ESL Narasimhan flays \u2018greedy\u2019 hospitals", "text": "HYDERABAD: Governor ESL Narasimhan slammed the medical fraternity for making healthcare unaffordable for the common man while inaugurating the 17th annual conference of Cardiology Society of India (CSI), AP Chapter, on Saturday.Much to the chagrin of the 300 cardiologists who had gathered at the conference and assumed that the governor as chief guest would be praising medical professionals, Narasimhan took a dig at corporate hospitals for charging exorbitant fees on the pretext of good infrastructure. Also, raising concerns about the high fee structure in medical colleges, he said that sooner or later the government would bring in a penal legislation to put an end to the concept of huge capitation fee.He urged all corporate hospitals to come together under one platform and decide ways and means to make healthcare affordable to all. He said hospitals should come up with a common rate card. \"A common man cannot afford to undergo cardiac surgery today. Why are the corporate hospitals not taking steps to make these surgeries affordable? Why are the big hospitals greedy for money?\" he questioned.He also floated the idea of corporate hospitals adopting a district each in the state and screening the population for six killer diseases. Narasimhan lashed out at doctors for promoting branded drugs rather than prescribing generic drugs.He also asked them to work out strategies to cut down the costs of treatment. Saying that time has come to do some hard talk, he suggested that hospitals as well as medicos should serve rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13981300", "title": "No decision yet on NCP\u2019s Pune unit president", "text": "PUNE: Factionalism within party ranks has put the responsibility to decide the new city president of NCP on deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar.After sitting president Vandana Chavan was elected MP in Rajya Sabha, the NCP started the process of appointing a new chief in the right earnest. Senior party leaders, including Vandana Chavan, held meeting with Pawar on Friday to discuss the possible names for the coveted post. However, there was no agreement.While Chavan wants to appoint one of her supporters, MLC Anil Bhosale is strongly opposed to it. \"In the last few years, the party has lost its contact with the grassroots and the party functions are restricted to a few individuals who don't have a mass base. If the party wants to perform well in the next assembly and Lok Sabha elections, a leader with a mass appeal should be handed over the reins of the party,\" said a supporter of Anil Bhosale.MP Vandana Chavan said, \"We have unanimously authorized Ajitdada to decide the president. In fact, Sharad Pawarsaheb will also look into the issue.\"Names of former mayors Mohansingh Rajpal and Rajlaxmi Bhosale are doing the rounds among other leaders. Both were defeated in the February 2012 civic elections.The ruling NCP improved its performance by winning 51 seats in the February civic polls as against 48 in the last term. However, the defeat of major candidates like outgoing mayor Mohansingh Rajpal, former standing committee chairman Nilesh Nikam, former mayors Rajani Tribhuvan, Rajlaxmi Bhosale and senior leader Shrikant Patil, were perceived as major jolts to Ajit Pawar, who had played a big role in deciding NCP candidates.Of the eight assembly seats in Pune city, five are with the BJP-Sena while Congress has two and the NCP has one MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13981469", "title": "Tyeb\u2019s work may fetch over Rs 10 crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's a decade since Tyeb Mehta raised the bar for Indian art. His triptych 'Celebration' made history in 2002 by becoming the first modern Indian artwork to sell for over a crore (Rs1.5 crore at Christie's). It was a Tyeb work ('Mahishasura') again which crossed the $1m mark for the first time in 2005. Now, another iconic work by one of India's most celebrated modernists is up for sale at Christie's in London on Monday.Estimated at over Rs 10 crore, the 1996 work is from the iconic Mahishasura series and is a representation of the mythic battle between mother goddess Durga and the buffalo demon Mahisha, the culmination of which marks the triumph of good over evil. Yamini Mehta, director of South Asian modern and contemporary art at Christie's, says the work is very Picasso-esque, both thematically (the bull becoming a symbol of pain, struggle and survival) as well as in the stylistic devices used. \"Unlike other representations where Tyeb differentiates between the goddess and the demon by the use of two colours, here it's difficult to tell where one ends and the other begins,\" said Mehta.Another star attraction at the Christie's auction will be M F Husain's Cinq Sens, which was formerly in the collection of Italian filmmaker Roberto Rossellini and his Indian wife Sonali Dasgupta. Auctioneers expect it will fetch up to \u00a3500,000 (Rs 4 crore approx).The painting was a gift from the artist to his friend, Rossellini, \"who left India with newfound love, awareness and creative consciousness\", said Christie's. An early work by Syed Haidar Raza, who returned to India recently is also expected to attract interest.\"This auction is the most varied in the category to date, in terms of price levels \u2014 with estimates ranging from\u00a31,500 to \u00a31.8m ($2.8m) \u2014 as well as artists,\" said Mehta.While the masters steal the limelight as far as prices are concerned, the auction also includes several contemporary artists such as Anita Dube, Pushpamala N, Subodh Gupta and Bharti Kher. It also has a photography section with a work by Dayanita Singh as one of the highlights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13981299", "title": "India to buy 8 warships from South Korea for Rs 6,000 crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: In tune with a growing 'strategic partnership' with South Korea, India is now getting all set to ink a major defence contract with the north-east Asian country for acquisition of eight advanced minesweeping and hunting warships.Under the programme, which will be worth well over Rs 6,000 crore, India will get two of the mine counter-measures vessels (MCMVs) directly from South Korean firm Kangnam Corporation, while the other six will be manufactured by Goa Shipyard after transfer of technology. \"The contract is now being finalized after the conclusion of the commercial negotiations,\" said a source.India's need for advanced MCMVs that combine the role of traditional minesweepers and active mine-hunters to detect and destroy underwater mines is critical. Despite intelligence inputs holding that Indian harbours face the clear and present danger of underwater mines being planted by both state as well as non-state actors, the Navy's MCMV project has been hanging fire for several years now.\"Underwater mines are cheap weapons that can be used for high-impact incidents. It's relatively easy for someone to lay mines at the harbour approach or departure routes. There is need to step-up the protection of our harbours and offshore installations,\" said an official.Made of composite material and high-grade steel to ensure 'minimal magnetivity', the new MCMVs will have high-definition sonars and acoustic and magnetic sweeps to first detect all kinds of marooned and drifting mines and then use remote-controlled systems like small underwater vehicles to then detonate them at safe distances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13984291", "title": "Vehicles seized in brothel raids to be auctioned", "text": "Chennai: The anti-vice squad (AVS) will auction off five cars and 27 bikes seized during raids on brothels since 2000. Inspection of vehicles can be done on June 11, 12 and 13 and the auction will take place on June 14 .The auction was earlier scheduled for April 4 but was cancelled as buyers didn't ask for the bid as quoted by the technical team. Officials said rates for each vehicle were fixed by technical experts from the state government vehicle depot in Velachery after an inspection .The seized vehicles have been lying on the AVS campus wing since 2000. Many of the offenders in the cases have been sentenced and some let out on bail.\"Earlier, officials from the regional transport office (RTO) visited the AVS office in Chintadripet and valued the vehicles and sent a report to the district administration. Once the order is issued, we will auction the vehicles,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13986818", "title": "Patna University scholarship 'dead' as scholars fail to repay loan", "text": "Patna: With philanthropists no longer offering endowments and scholarship funds to help poor and meritorious students in their academic pursuits, many bright scholars are unable to pursue higher studies due to lack of resources.More than two dozen endowments were created by various philanthropists in Patna University (PU) right since the inception of the university in 1917. But most of them have become non-functional today as the funds deposited by the donors exhausted and the authorities concerned did not make efforts to revive them.In its bid to revive the Ganesh Dutt Trust Fund recently, PU authorities found the payment of scholarship from this Fund had not been made to any scholar since 1967-68 for want of sufficient money in the bank account. Most of the scholars, who were awarded loan scholarships from this Fund, failed to repay the loan even as they attained academic heights and occupied high places in public life.PU syndicate member Nitish Kumar Tantan, who has taken the initiative for the revival of this Fund for the benefit of poor and meritorious scholars, said more than 60 people were awarded Ganesh Dutt loan scholarships for pursuing higher studies in India and abroad from 1934 to 68, but a majority of these beneficiaries did not repay the loan.Some prominent beneficiaries of the Ganesh Dutt scholarships include late Vasudeo Narain (PU vice-chancellor and Patna Medical College principal), late Ram Sharan Sharma (eminent historian), late Lala Suraj Nandan Prasad (eminent paediatrician), late Dr Sreenivas (cardiologist and philosopher), B P Srivastava (ophthalmologist), R P Verma (director, science and technology, Bihar), late R P Roy (head of PU botany department and Jawaharlal Nehru Fellow), Gopal Sharan (paediatrician), Chedi Chaudhary (ophthalmologist) and Anmola Sinha (gynaecologist).PU has appealed to the beneficiaries and their family members as well as people in general to donate liberally to this Fund so that the scholarship may be revived. The Ganesh Dutt Fund scholarships are meant primarily for students pursuing higher education in science and technology, said Tantan.The scholars who failed to repay the scholarship loan include late Vasudeo Narain, late Ram Sharan Sharma, late Lala Suraj Nandan Prasad, late Dr Sreenivas, B P Srivastava, R P Verma, late R P Roy, Gopal Sharan, Chedi Chaudhary and Dr Anmola Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13982203", "title": "Vashi couple hurt, traffic hit in E-way pile-ups", "text": "Traffic on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway was affected for over an hour on Saturday evening after two separate accidents occurred at the same spot at Wadgaon Maval near Kamshet in a span of two hours. Two persons were seriously injured while 15 people received minor injuries.Both accidents occurred because a vehicle stopped in the middle of the road, resulting in other vehicles ramming into each other. Twenty-two vehicles were damaged.M D Adagale, assistant police inspector, Wadgaon, state highway police (traffic), said a tempo broke down in a tunnel at 4pm. \"Fifteen vehicles dashed into it. Two persons were seriously injured while nine suffered minor injuries.\"Vashi resident Shivaji Mane (50) and his 40-year-old wife Bharati were seriously injured and are currently in the ICU of the Lokmanya hospital. Their daughters Radhika and Rohini sustained minor injuries. Kalyan resident Sunil Chaudhary (52) was also injured. Ritika Wasnik (12), Akanksha Wasnik (16) and Suchita Wasnik (39) sustained minor injuries.Five cars hit an Innova at the same spot at 5.50pm, after the SUV's driver slowed down on seeing a vehicle stop in the middle of the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13978605", "title": "Water supply hit in south Delhi", "text": "New Delhi: Water supply to several south Delhi colonies and NDMC areas will be affected for the next two days after a major transmission line was broken after a portion of a municipal school collapsed near Madhuban Chowk on Friday.Delhi Jal Board officials said that about 300ft of the pipeline had been affected and it would take engineers at least 72 hours to repair the entire length. \"Two of our pipelines were running beneath the service lane in front of the under-construction parking site. They were at a distance of about 20ft from the site. When the soil gave way due to high levels of sub-soil water, the pipelines also collapsed with it. This was a major transmission line of 1,000mm diameter,\" said a senior DJB official.The areas that will be affected include NDMC colonies and all areas along the Ring Road from Dhaula Kuan to AIIMS. \"Areas that will not be getting water due to this include Shanti Niketan, Anand Niketan, RK Puram, Vasant Kunj, Vasant Vihar, Sarojini Nagar, Moti Bagh, Munirka, etc. We will be sending tankers to these areas and are also looking at diverting water from other channels to meet at least some of the morning demand. There will be no supply till at least Monday morning after which we will try and provide water to some areas in the first half of the day,\" said an official.Sources said that the entire cost of repairing the line would come to about Rs 1 crore of which the material itself would cost Rs 50-60 lakh. \"When we received news of the incident, we had to immediately shut off pumping at Haiderpur to prevent flooding of the area. The transmission line carried 15-16 million gallons per day of water to the Palam reservoir in south Delhi, about 75% of the total supply to the reservoir that pumps about 20-21 MGD of water to south Delhi areas,\" said a source.MCD tried to palm off the blame for the incident on DJB, claiming that a leaking pipe led to the collapse of a portion of the school building near the construction site. YS Mann, director, press and information, North Corporation said: \"Due to leakage in pipeline, water accumulated at the construction site. The sub-soil soaked in this water and became heavy, consequently settling and creating an imbalance. This resulted in the collapse of a portion of the school building.\"DJB, however, completely denied the charges, saying once MCD dug up the pit for the multilevel parking, it should have lined it with a proper wall instead of a temporary shuttering. \"The water table in this region is quite high and if not pumped out, would have filled up the pit. Constant pumping was required to prevent this. However, for the past three days the pumping had stopped due to a labour dispute, which resulted in water levels rising. Our pipe in fact collapsed with the building. There is no question of it leaking,\" said a DJB official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13978778", "title": "Messy arrangements mar BEd counselling", "text": "LUCKNOW: BEd counselling brings with it a list of unpleasant experiences for candidates. Be it the internet connectivity, improper seating arrangements or lack of water supply, everything mars the BEd counselling. In Lucknow, counselling is being conducted at Lucknow College of Arts and Craft (LCAC) where three centres have been made.\"Seating arrangement is pathetic here. With limited chairs, those who get a token number find a place in the pandal while others are thrown out in the open. To top it, the scorching sun takes away life,'' said Neha Gupta, a candidate.Neeraj Kumar, another candidate blamed frequent power snags for the mess. \"It's irritating that once you are half way in filling a choice, electricity goes. And again you begin everything once again,'' he said.Candidates were also unhappy with the slow pace of counselling. \"The first day of counselling continued till midnight. The next day too, the candidates had to wait before the procedure began,'' said Rashmi who had come to the centre with her mother. What added to the woes was the lack of basic facilities like toilet and drinking water at the centre. \"This is the biggest problem. If we are here since morning, it is evident that we would have to go to loo. But here, toilets are in a bad shape. This should be taken care of,'' said a candidate.To procure a token as soon as the counter opens, candidates queued at the venue hours before the actual counselling time. Registrar, Ram Mahohar Lohia Avadh University, Faizabad that has been entrusted with the task of conducting the BEd exam explained that the mismanagement at counselling centres takes place because of overcrowding. \"Candidates need to understand that they should not bring with them a group of people. The overcrowding leads to unavoidable situation,'' said SK Shukla, university registrar.Candidates coming for counselling should bring with them the counselling letter, admit card, original documents of educational qualifications with two photocopies, and caste certificate, if any, domicile certificate, a draft of Rs 500 as counselling fee and another draft of Rs 5,000 as advanced fee to the venue.After the candidates reach the venue, they will be asked to fill up a printed form and attach all documents with it. They then proceed for document verification. After this, they visit the fee deposit counter and deposit the two drafts, and then they are given the token. Accordingly, they are called for choice filling. A candidate can fill up as many choices of colleges as he/she wants. Once the candidate fill up the choice, a print out of the same is given to them. The candidates are called to collect the allotment letter the next day.The first day of counselling that began on Friday continued till late night forcing candidates to stay at the centre all night. As many 8,410 candidates registered, of which 8,084 successfully completed choice filling in the state. On Saturday 5,670 registered, of which, 4,456 locked the choice. As many as 700 candidates were rejected on first day because they did nit fill up multiple choice of colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13981831", "title": "Police units keep a hawk eye on quota agitators", "text": "JAIPUR: With thousands of Gujjars assembled at Kushali Darrah area in Sawai Madhopur district, the police administration has geared up to meet the challenges arising out of another agitation by the community for quota. The areas in and around Sawai Madhopur and nearby districts have been converted into fortress where at least 12 companies (1,200) of various armed units of police have been deployed. These include the personnels of Rajasthan Armed Constabulary (RAC), Special Task Force (STF) and other police units.With Sunday evening set as the new deadline by Gujjars to meet their demands, police districts in Bharatpur range which has ample population of the community were on standby mode on Saturday evening. \"We are in touch with the leaders on daily basis. I don't think they are planning a violent protest again. Still, we are monitoring their activities to avoid any untoward incident,\" said a senior police officer. Inspector general of police, Bharatpur range, Anand Srivastav, said, \"We have ample strength to respond. At least 12 companies of various armed forces of police have been deployed in various areas to maintain law and order.\"Thousands of Gujjars led by Kirori Singh Bainsla have shifted to the new venue of Kushali Darrah for mahapadav (indefinite mass protest). The venue became infamous in the 2008 stir after two persons from the community were killed in the area in police firing.In other parts of the state including Dausa, Bharatpur and Dholpur the community members are mobilising and moving towards the venue.\"We have also called the battalions from nearby police ranges including Kota and Bikaner. Barricades have also been placed on routes leading to the spot where the mahapadav is being held,\" said a senior police officer.Meanwhile, DGP Harish Meena and additional DG (law and order) Navdeep Singh have been in touch with the officers of Bharatpur range including Sawai Madhopur to take a stock of the situation.Police sources added that some senior officers from Jaipur police, especially those who were on duty during previous agitations of Gujjars have also been sent.According to sources from the police intelligence, the Gujjars are making arrangements to strike back if the police will try to come in the way of the agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13983287", "title": "Hotel built on gram sabha land sealed", "text": "Noida: A day after the Allahabad high court dismissed a petition seeking quashing of an FIR against six people who had allegedly grabbed gram sabha land in Sector 37 and constructed a luxury hotel on it, the Gautam Budh Nagar district administration sealed the hotel premises.On Saturday evening, additional executive officer of Gautam Budh Nagar zilla panchayat, Nutan Sharma, asked officials at Golf View Hotel to immediately evacuate the premises. \"We had issued a notice to the property owners to vacate the hotel within three days but on Saturday we found that it was occupied by more than 60 guests. The building has been sealed because the owners failed to produce a valid approved plan,\" said Sharma. She added that an investigation is being conducted by the police as well as the administration and penal action would be taken against the offenders.The sealing procedure lasted for more than two hours amid heavy security. District magistrate MKS Sundaram said the illegal property would face further action after sealing. \"We are yet to decide what is to be done with the hotel,\" Sundaram said.Sources in Noida Authority and the district administration claim that there are scores of other such properties which have been built on government land worth crores. Officials said they would conduct a survey to identify such properties. On June 2, cops had booked the owner of Golf View Hotel for cheating, forgery and conspiracy. The FIR was lodged by Noida Authority CEO. The Authority had communicated to the district magistrate that the construction was unauthorized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new lajpat nagar", "code": "13986189", "title": "More than 'gyaan' in this 'ghar'", "text": "NEW LAJPAT NAGAR: For about 56 children, the two rooms of a house in New Lajpat Nagar are more than just a school, a window to the world of knowledge which was beyond their access.Called Gyaan Ghar by its founder Ratna Gill, who was just 14 and a Class VIII student when she started the education centre in 2008, it is a place where children who can't afford schooling learn extra-curricular activities too, apart from the academic syllabus.Born and brought up in US, Ratna had handed over the management of this centre to her grandmother Amrit Kaur Gill, after starting it with 20 students and two teachers. On a recent visit to India, Ratna appointed another teacher at Gyaan Ghar.''We concentrate on their all-round grooming, apart from concentrating on academic performance. Besides three regular teachers, we have separate ones to teach them dance and music,\" says Ratna.A student at the Harvard University , Ratna says she implemented something she learned during one of her internships at Sasha Bruce, an organization in Washington DC . ''I formed a sisters' circle, a weekly gathering of all girls of Gyaan Ghar where they could discuss school, family and life. Our idea was to make students shun their inhibitions and feel free here,'' she adds.Her grandmother Amrit says the Ghar organizes its annual function on Baisakhi, during which children perform dances, songs and skits. ''We award them for performing well in academics and celebrate all festivals together, enabling them to understand the marvellous diversity of Indian culture,'' she adds.The students consider themselves fortunate to have come to Gyaan Ghar as they can notice the difference themselves.''I was among the first few students to have joined Gyaan Ghar in 2008 and I have felt a complete change in my academic performance since then. I bagged the first rank this year,'' says a beaming Surinder Kumar, a Class IX student from New Lajpat Nagar.Another student Shaheen says learning a new thing every day is what keeps him coming to Gyaan Ghar. \"On World Earth Day , we were told about the deterioration in condition of the planet and how could we save it,\" she says, adding, ''I like Ratna didi a lot because she loves us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13985488", "title": "Classical-tag plea for Odia gathers pace", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A demand to accord 'classical' status to Odia language has started gathering momentum in the state, with a group of political leaders, scholars and cultural organizations joining hands to take up the cause with the Union government.\"We feel Odia deserves to be accorded the classical status as defined by the Union ministry of culture,\" said Basanta Panda, who heads the department of Odia at the Regional College of Education here. \"We have started preparing a document to establish our claim. We are in the process of putting together available evidence to prove that Odia fits the criteria,\" he informed.Sources said a classical tag for Odia would help in getting central funds for setting up a centre of excellence for promoting the language and carrying out research-based activities. The Central government has so far given the classical language tag to Tamil, Sanskrit, Kannada and Telegu.MP Rama Chandra Khuntia had raised a special mention on the issue in the Rajya Sabha on March 30. Responding to the special mention, Union culture minister Kumari Selja had written a letter to the MP on April 20. Selja informed that her ministry has not received any proposal so far for \"classifying Odia as a classical language\". She said a committee of linguistic experts was constituted to consider demands for categorization of languages as classical language.According to Selja's letter, the criteria to determine the eligibility for classical language status are: a) high antiquity of its early texts/recorded history over a period of 1500-2000 years; b) a body of ancient literature/texts, which is considered a valuable heritage by generation of speakers, c) the literary tradition be original and not borrowed from another speech community; d) the classical language and literature being distinct from modern, there may also be a discontinuity between the classical language and its later forms or its offshoots.Going by these criteria, linguists are divided over whether Odia has a history of 1500-2000 years. \"Available evidence shows that Odia language and literature is between 1000 to 1200 years. It would be difficult to prove that Odia is at least 1500 years old,\" said noted linguist Gaganendra Nath Dash.Panda feels the proto-forms of Odia as chronicled in rock edicts and stone inscriptions following the Kalinga War in the third century B.C as well as Bharatmuni's Natyashastra (first century AD) could help build a strong case for Odia as a classical language.\"Apart from whether Odia is classical or not, what is more important is the promotion and propagation of Odia language. Unfortunately, well-placed and highly educated Odia are apathetic and indifferent to this,\" Dash rued.Well-known linguist Debi Prasanna Patnaik, who is associated with preparation of a document to make a case for Odia as a classical language, said, \"Adequate research to throw light on whether Odia has a continued history of over 1500 years has not been done. We need to do more research to make our case stronger.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13981498", "title": "Man opens fire at engagement ceremony; 1 dies", "text": "JAIPUR: A celebration during an engagement ceremony proved fatal when one of the participants, in an inebriated condition, accidently pulled the trigger of his 12 bore gun, killing one and injuring three others. The injured are in critical condition while the accused is still at large.The incident took place late on Friday night at Taseemo village under Sepau police station area of Dholpur district. One Ratan Singh, who hails from Gwalior, had come for the engagement of his daughter with one Shishupal (26) of the village. After all the rituals relating to the engagement ceremony were over, a man from the bride's side, under inebriated condition, opened fire in the air.According to the police, the man, though wanted to fire in the air, could not hold the gun properly and ended up firing at people sitting on the ground. Thus the bullet hit three persons who were sitting nearby.\"The victim was identified as Santosh Thakur, aged 28 years, while three others were injured,\" said Harendra Singh, superintendent of police, Dholpur on Saturday.Following the incident, the members of two families who were in the ceremony, did not inform the police. However, police came to know about the incident through hospital authorities.\"We have got the footage of the ceremony from a local videographer and are questioning at least six persons on the identity of the accused,\" the SP added.Police said that some persons came with the injured persons to the hospital while most of the people fled from the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13981654", "title": "What multiplicity? People voted for you, Mr Mayor", "text": "Gurgaon: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) often blames the delay in key decisions on the multiplicity of agencies in the city. However, a closer look at the work done by it over the past year, ever since the municipal elections were held reveals that even though it has made some attempts to streamline certain things like water supply, for example, a better coordination among the elected councillors and the bureaucracy would help in making the city a better place to live in. After hesitating to take over the water supply from the public health department for over three years now, the MCG is finally gearing up to handle this all-important responsibility. In fact, it has already started work in the villages that come under its jurisdiction and is planning to spend over Rs 1 crore to dig borewells in most of the villages. In the past one month, the villagers had held large-scale protests after water supply was affected owing to erratic power supply. As a temporary relief, the MCG commissioner and mayor decided to provide generators to run the tubewells and also supply water through water tankers. According to the MCG commissioner, Sudhir Rajpal, the corporation is likely to start providing piped water supply to the residents in its areas from August this year. \"The pipes and other infrastructure needed are being procured and some pipes have %already been laid and we hope to finish the work before the monsoon sets in,\" said an %official. The sanitation work too is showing some signs of improvement. However, the MCG officials and councillors have not been able to fully come clean on the charges of corruption against them. \"There is a lot of infighting among the councillors due to which we have not been able to finalize whom to award the contract to carry out the sanitation work in the MCG area. While a section of the councillors is strictly opposing a particular contractor, the mayor and his team seem to be in favour of giving the contract to this agency. Till the time a conclusive decision is reached we cannot go ahead with the current contract process,\" said a sanitation department official. The residents feel that in the remaining four years in office, the councillors should set aside their differences and work together so that the city lives up to its reputation of being the \"millennium city\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13981402", "title": "Despite row, plan to buy 100 Tatra trucks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Their monopoly over purchases by the Indian Army over a quarter of a century may force the government into approving purchase of over 100 Tatra vehicles at an earlier negotiated price, despite a controversy surrounding these imported trucks and a CBI investigation into allegations of corruption against Tatra, its exorbitant price and concerns about quality.Interestingly, the purchase of these trucks as part of the Pinaka multibarrel rocket launchers was recommended by the Army headquarters under Gen VK Singh, whose allegations of bribery against Tatra, and his concerns about the quality and pricing of these all-terrain trucks have resulted in the CBI probe. Dependable sources said the ministry of defence, based on Army recommendation, has finalised a proposal for purchase of two regiments of Pinaka rocket launchers worth over Rs 1500 crores. The MoD is believed to have forwarded the proposal to the Cabinet Committee on Security for final approval.Three companies are involved in the manufacture of the Pinaka system\u2014Larson and Toubro, Tata Power Strategic Electronics Division and BEML.Each Pinaka regiment would include 20 launchers and eight command posts mounted on Tatra vehicles, as well as other Tatra vehicles for loading, replenishment, maintenance etc. A total of 52 vehicles are required for a regiment, and so for two regiments the requirement comes to 104 vehicles.In fact, DRDO (Defence Research and Development Organisation)'s design for Pinakas itself based on Tatra vehicles, leaving the Army and the defence ministry with no option but to stick to the vehicles dubbed sub-standard by the ex-Army chief.\"The order was approved and recommended by the Army headquarters when Gen VK Singh was the chief,\" an MoD source told TOI. When asked if they are relooking at the price of Tatra or a different proposal to avoid Tatra controversy, he said, \"The Army has approved it and the prices are already negotiated.\"An Army source said there was \"no alternative for now\" given the fact that the entire system has been developed on Tatra vehicles. \"After the first two regiments were ordered in 2006, we have delayed the induction programme so much. It wouldn't be prudent to delay it any further,\" he said.When L&amp; T and Tata Power SED were first roped in to make Pinaka launchers in 2006, the two companies first went into the open market looking to buy Tatra trucks from open market.To their shock, they discovered that the vehicles could be had for a price almost half of what the BEML charges the defence ministry.The MOD then forced the two private companies to abandon their plans to acquire Tatra trucks from the open market, and instead offered them as \"Free Issue Material\" (FIM).The FIM was supplied by BEML, which bought these 6*6 and 8*8 trucks from Tatra Sipox, the UK company floated by Ravi Rishi through which the Czech Republic/Slovakia based trucks are supplied to the Indian Army.On these FIMs was the first batch of launchers mounted. The government is set to repeat the same process.CBI is believed to have gathered evidence to show that Tatra was allowed to enjoy an undue monopoly for over a quarter century, and charge an exaggerated price for the trucks from BEML. The investigation agency has been questioning key people including BEML CMD VRS Natarajan, Ravi Rishi, and several other officials. The agency believes that Ravi Rishi was able to manage the environment through a network of retired and serving officials, and avoid any competitive tendering for all terrain trucks for the Army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13982468", "title": "Adarsh effect: Netas shun cheap govt flats", "text": "MUMBAI: As a direct fallout of the Adarsh and Rajyog housing societies imbroglios, politicians seem to have lost interest in acquiring more than one flat in public housing schemes.At the recently concluded lottery for the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) flats, four of the eight locations where flats were reserved for elected representatives received no applications; few applied for houses at other locations.A similar trend was noticed in the lottery for 4,034 Mhada flats held last year. In 2011, no applications were submitted at five of the 11 locations, moreover, there were fewer applicants for 78 flats that were reserved for elected representatives.Senior officials said it was unusual that there were few takers for Mhada homes reserved for politicians. \"It may be possible that most legislators already own a house in Mumbai and hence won't apply again,\" said an officer. \"After the recent housing scams, we assume no one wants to risk it anymore,\" he added.Stung by poor response, the housing authority is planning to eliminate the economically weaker section (EWS) and low-income group (LIG) flats from the quota reserved for politicians. However in the 2010 lottery, legislators Manikrao Mhaske and Kalyanrao Patil bagged two Mhada flats each, after they applied in both HIG and LIG categories in contravention of norms. During the tenure of CM Ashok Chavan, Nitin Raut, Aneez Ahmad, Harshvardhan Patil, Bhai Jagtap and Rajesh Tope among others were given flats at throwaway prices in Mhada's Rajyog society in Versova, despite owning one or more apartments in Mumbai.This year, there were no takers for the 14 EWS dwellings and merely three politicians applied for 27 LIG flats in Mira Road, Malwani and Charkop. All other places in Charkop, Gorai and Powai, there were 39 politicos vying for the six reserved flats for the Middle and High Income Group category.Nearly 51% of the total flats put up on sale by Mhada are meant for the public. The remaining are reserved for Scheduled Castes, defence personnel, Mhada, state and central government employees, journalists and the physically challenged categories. About 2% of the flats are reserved for serving and former elected representatives. According to rules, if flats in any of the reserved categories do not get enough applicants, they can be released to the general category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13987584", "title": "Miscreants throw acid on 3 girls", "text": "Kanpur: Three girls including two minors suffered burn injuries when some unidentified miscreants hurled a bottle containing acid, on them, which exploded in Harijan Basti Ram Asrey nagar locality under the Govindnagar police station here on Saturday afternoon.Though the motive for the provocation could not be established, police were probing the case on both the lines that the crime could be fallout of a personal grudge or the handiwork of a jilted lover.The police said that the girls identified as Arti (10), Anjali (13) and Rakhi (20) have been admitted to a private hospital and added that a manhunt has been launched to track down the culprit.The condition of minor girls, one of them a student of class III while the other a student of class VI at a nearby primary school is stated to be stable.The incident took place when the trio, were sitting outside their house. Some unidentified miscreants hurled a bottle containing acid that exploded injuring the three causing burn injuries on the faces and other vital body parts.On hearing their cries, locals of the area rushed to the spot and hospitalized them in a private hospital. Girls family, however, denied enmity with anyone.The police rushed to the spot and started investigation into the attack. The investigating cops said that they have started taking the statement of the victims. SP, Ajay Kumar Sahni said, \"An FIR has been lodged against unknown persons on the basis of a complaint given by the victims kin.\" The girls are undergoing treatment and they are out of danger, he added. One of the victims identified as Anjali daughter of Ram Kumar, a Kanpur Nagar Nigam employee had claimed in her statement that someone from the roof-top of the house located opposite to their house hurled a bottle of acid on her and her two friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13995810", "title": "Eva Mendes wants baby with boyfriend Ryan Gosling", "text": "Eva Mendes is reportedly desperate to have a baby with boyfriend Ryan Gosling .The 38-year-old actress has reportedly given Gosling an ultimatum that if they don't seriously consider having kids soon, they should split up.\"Eva's clock is ticking,\" Contactmusic quoted a source as telling National Enquirer .\"She's been aching to start a family for years - and even seriously looked into adoption in the summer of 2010 but now she and Ryan are together and he's perfect husband and father material. He's loyal and not a skirt chaser.\"Eva has told Ryan that she wants a baby with him and that if he isn't prepared to do that they should split up,\" the source said.However, the 31-year-old actor, isn't keen to have kids yet and this is causing problems between the couple.Eva is said to being torn about choosing between the man she loves and having babies.\"Ryan loves Eva but he isn't ready for a baby right now as he's concentrating on his career.\"Eva's considering her options. If Ryan doesn't change his mind, this could end up destroying their relationship,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13981676", "title": "\u201813/7 bomber changed look for fear of being caught\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigators probing last year's 13/7 triple bomb blast are of the opinion that one of the two suspected Pakistani bombers, Waqqas Saad Shaikh, was scared of being caught. This could be the reason he preferred to plant the bomb in a dustbin near Opera House instead of inside a bigger establishment.Waqqas and the other suspected Pakistani co-bomber, Tabrez alias Danish, had stayed at Byculla's Habib Mansion before and after the blasts. Waqqas is accused of using fake SIM cards, conspiracy of a terror act and assembling as well as planting bombs. He also allegedly helped the two arrested accused, Naqi Ahmed and Nadeem Akhtar, steal two Activa scooters. One of the two scooters was used to plant a bomb at Zaveri Bazar.According to sources, Waqqas had joined a gym in Byculla and went there regularly. \"On the day of the blasts, Waqqas and Tabrez went to Opera House on one of the stolen scooters around 1.30pm and the former planted the bomb in a dustbin near a hawker. The bomb was not fitted on the scooter,\" said a source. Police suspect Waqqas, though dedicated to his terror mission, was scared of being caught or riding a bomb-fitted scooter. \"While Tabrez alone planted the bomb at Zaveri Bazar, Waqqas took his help to go to Opera House,\" said police sources.Three bombs had exploded on July 13 last year at Opera House, Zaveri Bazar and Dadar, killing 27 and injuring 127.The ATS has so far arrested five persons in the case. During the investigation, the police found that Waqqas had visited a private clinic in Mazgaon for an eye laser surgery. \"He wanted to change his look and get rid of his glasses so as to avoid being caught,\" said an officer, adding that the police have zeroed in on the clinic where Waqqas underwent the surgery. \"We have recorded the doctor's statement and he is one of the witnesses in our case,\" the officer said.CCTV footage showed Waqqas planting the bomb at Opera House and several independent witnesses have identified him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13993888", "title": "Senior citizen dies after van rams tricycle, 2 others injured", "text": "CHENNAI: An elderly man died when the tricycle on which he was sleeping was hit by a van on Wall Tax Road in Chennai in the wee hours of Sunday. The van went on to ram a bullockcart on which two other men were sleeping, leaving them badly injured. Police said C Jayachandran (65), a daily wage labourer was sleeping on a tricycle parked on the roadside. At 1.45am a speeding van driver who lost control of the vehicle banged into the tricycle. He was thrown on to the ground. The vehicle then hit the bullockcart on which Parthasarathy (30) and Saranraj (28) were sleeping. Jayachandran, who sustained head injuries, was taken to the Government General Hospital where he succumbed to the injuries at 3.30am. Parthasarathy and Saranraj are undergoing treatment in the hospital. Elephant Gates traffic investigation police registered a case and arrested van driver S Porselvan of Manali New Town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13991431", "title": "World's oldest animal 'marriage' set for divorce!", "text": "LONDON: After being together for an unfathomable 115 years, two turtles in a European zoo have gone their separate ways - refusing to share their cage anymore and looking set to end the world's oldest animal 'marriage'.Bibi and Poldi have been a pair since before anyone alive today can remember - they have been together at the Austrian zoo in Klagenfurt for 36 years and before that they lived at Basel zoo in Switzerland , the Daily Mail reported.Both 115 years old, the pair grew up together and eventually became an item.The break-up, which has baffled the zoo officials, it seems, was initiated by Bibi, the female turtle.According to the report, the staff realised all was not well when Bibi attacked Poldi - biting off a chunk of his shell.She launched further attacks on her partner until he was moved to a different location.Giant turtles have no teeth but instead have a horn rimmed mouth and a powerful jaw which can cause serious damage.Zoo management have called in animal experts to try and give the pair counselling - feeding them romantic good mood food and trying to get them to join in joint games - but so far without effect.Zoo staff have told the experts that nothing has changed in the pair's routine - but Bibi in particular wanted to have the cage to herself and be a single.Zoo boss Helga Happ said that the pair seems to have fallen out, adding that they \"just can't stand each other\".Helga added: \"We have staff talking to and trying to engage the two in interacting, and we hope that they might find their harmony again.\"We were told that it's very rare that after so many years animals who are a pair will fall apart, but that's where we are. We hope though we can bring round a reconciliation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13978111", "title": "Inter-school essay event to celebrate \u2018Year of Germany\u2019", "text": "MANGALORE: BASF is conducting an inter-school essay competition as part of its ongoing initiatives to celebrate the 'Year of Germany' in India at its Kuthethur plant near here on June 12.Aiming to generate greater interest in chemistry amongst students, the competition in which over 100 students, who are in class VI and VII from across 25 public and private schools in the vicinity of Mangalore city are expected to participate.Participants will be required to write an essay on a chemistry topic which will be announced on the spot. The competition will commence with brief introduction on the topic followed by 30 minutes of preparation time. Thereafter they will present their essays in English or Kannada within an hour. Participation is free of cost. BASF strives to inspire children's dynamic thinking by introducing various initiatives that promote the concept of sustainable development.Prasad Chandran, chairman of BASF companies in India and head South Asia, said: \"We continue to organize Kids' Lab every year because we want to introduce more children to topics related to innovations and sustainability thus enhancing their interest in chemistry. Through participating in the inter-school essay competition, children are encouraged to question, think and analyze various scientific innovations around them.\"A panel of judges will select three best entries from both groups of all the received entries. Winners will be rewarded in a special function during the Bangalore leg of the Indo-Urban Mela. Additionally, winners will be presented a unique opportunity to visit and participate in BASF Kids' Lab, a hands-on chemistry lab, set up at BASF pavilion in Bangalore. All participants in the contest will be awarded with a certificate of participation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13984501", "title": "Much is at stake in China\u2019s epic power struggle", "text": "As it awaits a major turnover in its senior civilian leadership, China appears at the crossroads. Its future is likely to be determined not by its hugely successful economy, which has turned the country into a world power in just one generation, but by its murky politics. A reminder of that is the vicious political struggle that has broken out in the run-up to the leadership changes, as well as official figures showing that rural protests have been increasing at the same rate as China's GDP.Bo Xilai's downfall is just one example of the noholds-barred power struggle. The Communist Party's sudden vilification of Bo after lauding him for his Chongqing model has only promoted public cynicism over his orchestrated downfall and laid bare the leadership elite's thin ideological marrow.If China is to preserve its rising strength, it must avoid a political hard landing. Although it is difficult to predict China's political future, at least five different scenarios are conceivable.Scenario 1: The party protects its legitimacy, keeps the military subordinate to the party, and manages to put a lid on popular dissent. In other words, the status quo prevails. This is the least likely of the five scenarios because of the political flux and rising popular discontent.Scenario 2: China implodes. This scenario is the opposite of the first scenario, yet its likelihood may be no better.The government's fixation on weiwen, or stability maintenance, has resulted in China becoming the world's only important country whose official internal security budget is larger than its official national defence budget. This underscores the extent to which authorities have to carry out internal repression to perpetuate one-party rule and maintain control over the restive ethnic-minority homelands that make up more than 60% of China's landmass. One self-immolation in Tunisia helped kindle the Arab Spring but nearly three dozen Tibetan selfimmolations have failed to move the Chinese state.The Soviet Union imploded because the party was the state, and the state was the party. China, by contrast, has built a strong institutional capacity, a layered federal structure, and a well-oiled, sophisticated security apparatus that has kept pace with technological advances. Thanks to this apparatus, Beijing pursues a policy of wai song, nei jin \u2014 relaxed on the outside, vigilant internally.Scenario 3: A process to slowly reform the political system begins, in keeping with outgoing Premier Wen Jiabao's warning that without \"urgent\" political structural reforms, China risks political turmoil and economic disruption. Can China emulate the example of Myanmar, which has initiated significant, even if still-tenuous, political reforms?The third-generation leaders that are taking over the reins of power in China may possess family pedigree but as the offspring of the country's first Communist revolutionary leaders, they are scarred. In fact, these so-called princelings are trapped in the very political culture that led to the death of millions of Chinese and the still-continuing repression. They look anything but political reformers.Scenario 4: A new \"Cultural Revolution\" breaks out as the clique in power seeks to ruthlessly suppress dissent within and outside the establishment. As the Dalai Lama recently warned, there are plenty of \"worshippers of the gun\" in China.One fallen princeling, Bo, has been accused of ruthlessness and corruption \u2014 qualities that are endemic in China's cloistered but fragmented oligarchy that values family pedigree and relies on networks of allies. Such is China's political system that only the strongest advance.Scenario 5: The PLA increasingly calls the shots, with the civilians in office beholden to the military. In this scenario, the military rules with a civilian mask. It should not be forgotten that every succeeding leader since Mao Zedong has been weaker than his predecessor. While the party indeed has ceased to be a rigid monolith obedient to a single leader, the military has enjoyed soaring budgets since 1990 and greater autonomy.In recent weeks, an unusual number of senior military officers have published articles calling for party discipline and unity and alluding to the military's role in containing the power struggle. The PLA's growing political clout is also evident from the tendency of military generals to speak out of turn on strategic issues and undercut the diplomatic strategy. The foreign ministry, with which India has been holding fruitless three-decade-long border negotiations since 1981, is the weakest branch of the Chinese government because it is often overruled or simply ignored by the security establishment.The writer is a strategic analyst", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13995828", "title": "Air India plane makes emergency landing in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: An Air India Silchar-Guwahati plane with 52 people on board landed under emergency conditions at the Lokopriyo Gopinath Bordoloi International Airport here on Sunday after it lost one of its front wheels during take off.Air India sources said the ATR 9760 flight lost one of the front wheels during take off from Silchar airport in the morning.None of the 52 people - 48 passengers and four crew members were injured in the emergency landing, the sources said.Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi congratulated the pilot Captain Urmila and co-pilot Yashu for saving the the lives of the 52 people.Gogoi spoke to Urmila over phone and conveyed his thanks to her and the co-pilot for showing alacrity, courage and dexterity by landing the flight safely.\"Hats off to you and your co-pilot for your daring and courageous act which saved the precious lives of the passengers,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13987004", "title": "Science Express reaches Patna", "text": "Patna: East Central Railway (ECR) GM Varun Bharthuar on Saturday inaugurated the 'Science Express-Biodiversity Special' train at platform number 10 of Patna Junction. The 16-coach, air-conditioned rake, especially designed by the Union science and technology department and environment and forests department, will remain stationed for the visitors at Patna Junction till Sunday.Lauding the efforts of the two departments, Bharthuar said the train would prove a boon for the students keen to learn about the environment and the importance of maintaining ecological balance across the globe. \"Though science students will benefit a lot from a look at the exhibition gallery on the train, others, including students, teachers and guardians, will also find it absorbing,\" he said. The GM, who was accompanied by ECR's Mahila Samiti president Anita Bharthuar, Danapur DRM L M Jha and other senior officials of ECR, underlined the need for running more such trains to create awareness about scientific developments as well as biodiversity in India. He said the sudden climatic changes across the globe were a matter to be studied scientifically.According to ECR CPRO Neeraj Ambastha, a large number of people, including youngsters, visited the coaches of the Science Express. The exhibits on the train have been developed and designed beautifully, he said and added the objective behind the introduction of the train was to rekindle the waning interest of youths in science. The CPRO said the fifth Science Express will go to different parts of the country during its seven-month journey. It reached Patna Junction directly from New Delhi. The coaches of the train were fabricated by the Rail Coach Factory at Kapurthala in Punjab.The sparkling white coaches have on display rare pieces of science and technology and environment and forests, depicting biogeographical zones of the country. The exhibits focus on marine, coasts, forest, agro biodiversity and their linkage to livelihoods. Incidentally, the decade 2011-2020 has been declared by the UN as 'Decade on Biodiversity'. India is hosting the conference on biological diversity in October this year in Hyderabad, Ambastha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13979793", "title": "Fraud held after trying to dupe victim\u2019s friend", "text": "KOLKATA: A fraudster who had duped hundreds of businessmen in the central business district of the city by posing as a representative of either a power utility, credit card firm or bank was caught red-handed on Saturday when a businessman, he was attempting to dupe, became suspicious after the modus operandi appeared similar to one in which his friend had been duped some time ago.Dipak Das' arrest led to palpable relief in CESC that had been flooded by consumer complaints over the past several years. Dozens of electricity notices, credit card bills and bank statements bearing postal seals were found in his possession.On Saturday morning, Das went to Paresh Shah's office in the Dalhousie area and furnished a CESC notice for immediate payment of dues. Introducing himself as a CESC staffer, Das said the electricity line would be disconnected on Monday if the bills were not immediately paid. \"Send someone with me to the CESC office near Victoria House to pay the bill amount (around Rs 6,000) and avoid disconnection,\" he suggested.But Shah was quick to remember an incident his friend Manish Mehta had narrated sometime ago. Mehta, who has an office in Clive Row had received a similar notice for a bill amount of about Rs 12,000 from a man who claimed to be a CESC staff. Mehta had then sent his peon to the CESC cash office at Victoria House. There, the man posing as the CESC official, offered to bypass the long queues and deposit the amount. He took the money from the peon and fled from the spot. \"When I contacted CESC officials, they said he wasn't an employee,\" Mehta said. CESC deputy commercial manager Srabani Sen said bills could be paid by cash at only CESC counters and there were no facilitators at these points. Mehta had given up any hope of catching the fraud when he received Shah's call on Saturday. \"There's a man who has come to my office claiming to be from CESC. We are going to Victoria House. Can you come there quickly and see if it's the same person who had fled with your money?\" he said urgently.At the CESC office, Mehta identified Das and called CESC officials. Shah then alerted Bowbazar Police. On being grilled, Das admitted of having duped several persons before, but refused to say whether he had accomplices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13985806", "title": "US dancer lands in Bhubaneswar for Odissi debut", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A US-based Odissi enthusiast is in the city of temples for her formal initiation into the classical dance form. Finance executive Nilanjana Roy, who learnt the art form at an Odissi dance school in San Francisco, will perform 'Ranga Puja' - Odissi graduation ceremony - in the city today.\"I prefer to perform Ranga Puja in Bhubaneswar because I wanted to come to Odisha, the land of Odissi dance. I wanted to get the true feeling of the dance form so I decided to travel thousands of kilometers to come here,\" smiled Nilanjana.To perform 'Krushnastaka', 'Mudra Pallavi', 'Biswa Veena', 'Durga Stutee' and 'Mokshya' at Jaydev Bhawan today, Nilanjana, now in her thirties, had a knack for Odissi since her childhood. But it was only four years ago that she came to know of Jyoti Kala Mandir, a reputed Odissi classical dance school in her neighbourhood in San Francisco.Ranga Puja, also know as 'manch prabesh', is an important event in the life of an Odissi dancer, when one formally performs on the stage under the guidance of their guru. \"This is a very special occasion, as from this day onwards you are bestowed with the responsibility of a dancer, to promote, protect and popularize your dance form,\" said a visibly excited Nilanjana, who is also trained in Kathak dance and Rabindra Sangeet.\"Whenever I feel my student is ready to perform on stage as a solo artist and has become responsible enough to carry on my tradition and values, I suggest them to conduct Ranga Puja. Nilanjana is a very dedicated student and she also loves to teach,\" said her guru Jyoti Rout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13985848", "title": "Naveen Patnaik, Sangma's daughter meet, silent on presidential polls", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Central minister and NCP leader Agatha Sangma on Saturday held a closed door talks with chief minister Naveen Patnaik , triggering speculation about the forthcoming presidential polls in July. Naveen had propped up former Lok Sabha speaker P A Sangma (Agatha's father) as a possible candidate in May.The chief minister, however, said the possible successor to President Pratibha Patil did not figure in his luncheon meeting with the Union minister of state for rural development at his residence Naveen Niwas. \"We were not discussing the Rashtrapati Bhavan election really,\" he said, adding the talks focused on rural development issues concerning Odisha.Describing her meeting with Naveen as a \"courtesy call\", Agatha said she was on a two-day visit to Odisha to attend a function celebrating the birth anniversary of former chief minister Nandini Satpathy here and also interact with some women self-help groups in Konark on livelihood issues.The meeting came days after all four NCP legislators in the state merged with BJD, upsetting the NCP central leadership.Sources said Agatha was tightlipped in public about the possible candidature of her father for the President's post because NCP chief Sharad Pawar is not in favour of Sangma contesting the polls. While Naveen and his Tamil Nadu counterpart J Jayalalithaa are backing Sangma on the ground that he is a tribal, Pawar and Co have decided to go with the Congress-led UPA's decision on who should contest the presidential election. \"As Agatha is a NCP representative in the Union ministry, she is keeping mum on the issue in public,\" a source in the know explained.Agatha had called on Naveen on April 1, but termed it a \"courtesy call\". But on May 17, Naveen proposed that P A Sangma enter the fray for the President's job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13987180", "title": "Rs 3.5 crore to keep dirt off Coimbatore roads", "text": "COIMBATORE: In an effort to cover up the dirt between the outer margins of the roads and the nearest pavement or compound wall, city corporation has decided to spend Rs 3.5 crore to lay concrete along both sides of the main arterial roads in the city. The corporation officials claimed that it is being done to remove dust and sand particles from the road that often results in two-wheeler accidents. Often these accidents occur when the riders apply brakes on the road and the wheels skid due to lack of traction with the road surface due to sand and dust particles.\"We have decided to lay concrete mixture on all the spots in the city where there is a gap between the road and the nearest pavement or boundary exposed to dirt and mud surface. We will spend about Rs 3.5 crore for this work,\" TK Ponnusamy, commissioner, Coimbatore Corporation.According to city Mayor SM Velusamy, the work has already been completed along the stretch near Town Hall and will be extended soon to other areas, wherever it is needed.The city corporation claims that dirt and other particles from roadsides were entering road and drain outlets. It will be easier for the sweepers deployed on the streets to remove the dirt and dust particles once the work is completed. The corporation commissioner also added that Avinashi Road and Trichy Road will be given top priority before it is extended to remaining parts of the city.Ironically, a similar move by the former government during the World Classical Tamil Conference hosted in the city had drawn flak from all quarters when they covered up both sides of Avinashi Road with red tiles as part of its beautification exercise. \"We are merely laying concrete on the roadside. Since the rains are coming, these dirt will get washed up along with rain water and will leading to the clogging of drains,\" Ponnusamy added.The engineering department of the corporation is presently identifying such 'exposed dirt spots' along the city roads to be covered to make the roads safer and also ensure uninterrupted flow of rain water out from the city roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13997110", "title": "Anushka's love for hero's brother", "text": "Pretty beauty Anushka is missing from Tollywood since a year, but still any news about this sultry actress is a delight for her fans.But here's some news that might shock her admirers. Her growing closeness with star hero Surya, brother of Karthi.Anushka is heard of signing a couple of projects in Telugu for a big hero. None of them got confirmed, while her unreleased flick 'Damarukam' is also taking time. She will soon be seen with Karthi's ' Sakuni' .Wondered what she will do, with heroine Praneetha already being there in the project. Sources reveal that Anushka is doing a short stint in this flick as a 'funny policewoman'.Apparently, she said yes to this role only because of her closeness with star hero Surya, brother of Karthi. This 'love' is raising many eyebrows in Tollywood as she has rejected song-offers and guest roles from Telugu directors in the recent times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13983512", "title": "Second Mumbai hospital gets robotic arm", "text": "MUMBAI: Taking forward the new era of minimally invasive, the city has received its second robotic arms machine for surgery assistance.Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital in Andheri (W) is to launch the da Vinci robotic arm, already famous across the world for letting doctors operate from a console. Though the official launch is on Sunday, the hospital has already operated upon 12 patients using the arm. Kokilaben Hospital becomes city's second healthcare institute, after Asian Heart Institute, to have acquired the robotic arm.\"Contrary to the belief that a robotic surgery is conducted by a robot, the operation is actually only assisted by the robotic arm,\" said Dr Ram Narain, executive director of Kokilaben Hospital. \"These arms only hold the surgical instruments, while the surgeon, who operates from a console, controls all the movement of the arms,\" he explained.As of now, the hospital is using the robotic arm only for surgeries of prostate, kidney and urinary bladder. \"We have already performed a surgery to remove only a part of the kidney, which was tumour-infected. It would have been difficult to do the surgery otherwise and we would have had to remove the kidney completely. But, with the help of the robotic arm, we were able to save the rest of the kidney, which is functional,\" said Narain.Many surgeons, who have mastered the art of performing a surgery with the help of the robotic arm, feel that is a much better option as compared to laparoscopy. \"20% complications arising out of a surgery done otherwise are eliminated because of the precision of a robotic arm. There is hardly any blood loss or scars,\" said Narain.However, many feel that it is still better to perform the surgery with one's own hands than depending on a mechanic arm. Undergoing a surgery with the help of a robotic arm also costs more. A patient has to pay Rs 1 lakh more than the laparoscopic surgery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "13986475", "title": "Meghalaya plans to use rainwater to harvest fish", "text": "SHILLONG: With demand for fish much higher than the supply, Meghalaya is planning to use rainwater to breed popular edible species on a larger scale. Rainwater will be channelled into small ponds thereby creating in inland fisheries.\"It's an irony that a state with such high precipitation should have an annual fish deficit of more than 15,000 metric ton,\" said chief minister Mukul Sangma, who recently announced that the state will launch the Meghalaya State Aquaculture Mission, to be implemented co-terminus with the 12th Five Year Plan, to make the state not just self-sufficient, but even acquire capability to export fish. \"It is my belief that the mission will not just address the deficit of freshwater fish, but it will also resolve several unemployment issues plaguing the rural areas of the state,\" he said.The demand for fish in the predominantly fish-consuming state far outweighs the supply making it dependent on supplies from Andhra Pradesh and neighbouring Assam. \"Meghalaya, with its vast inland fish resources in form of rivers, reservoirs, lakes and ponds and an average rainfall of 1,200mm, offers tremendous scope for developing the fisheries sector, but lags behind in harnessing the potential of these natural resources,\" an official in the state fisheries department said. \"The state government has identified fisheries as a key sector and decided to assist the people to develop fish ponds,\" he said.Interestingly, in Meghalaya, which recorded the highest population growth rate among all Indian States (2.5% per annum) during 2001-11, per capita availability of fish had also declined. According to official data, the share of fisheries in total agricultural GSDP was only 1.15% as against 5.2% at the national level in 2010-11. \"Given the wide gap between demand and supply, the development of the sector is a priority for the state government,\" an official said. He added that there is an urgent need to expand the present 2,500 hectares of land under fish ponds in the state through judicious use of rainwater.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "13982792", "title": "NGO helps mentally ill man get back on his feet", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: When Udai Kumar (42) met with a mishap at Panvel station May 15, few came forward to help him. If Pastor Saji Baby had not spotted the bleeding commuter and admitted him to a hospital in Kamothe, Kumar may not have survived to tell his tale.The carpenter from Kerala arrived in Mumbai on May 14 to fly to Dammam in Saudi Arabia. However, his travel agent realized that Kumar was suffering from a mental illness and informed his family that he could not fly to the Middle East.A dejected Kumar then reluctantly agreed to catch a train from Panvel station and return home on May 15. On the platform, Kumar slipped after he lost his balance and a passing train ran over his left leg. \"Kumar was bleeding profusely after the accident, however, no one went to his rescue,\" said Pastor K M Philip, founder of Social and Evangelical Association for Love (SEAL) ashram in New Panvel. \"Pastor Saji Baby, a social worker with our group, noticed his plight and admitted him to MGM Hospital,\" he added.SEAL provided all the medical assistance to Kumar and on June 6, his family members came to take him back home, after he recovered from the amputation operation.\"It is sad that a person suffering from a psychiatric condition had to meet with such an accident as he was trying to go abroad for a better life. Our volunteers will stay in touch with Kumar if he needs any assistance,\" added Pastor Biju Samuel of SEAL Ashram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13980054", "title": "Girl escapes from kidnappers", "text": "LUCKNOW: A teenaged girl was injured when she reportedly jumped from the first floor of a building where she was forcibly taken to after being kidnapped from outside her house in Aashiyana police circle late on Friday. Sangita (name changed) of Mohanlalganj had secured a first division in her class X exams the results. After her results were declared on Friday, she went out with friends to celebrate and returned home later in the evening.She was having an evening walk outside her house, when two youths riding a motorcycle arrived at the scene. They allegedly forced her on their motorcycle and sped away threatening of dire consequence if she tried to raise alarm. The miscreants took her to a multi-storey building in Aashiyana and held her captive inside a room on the first floor of the premises. Sometime later the two returned and tried to outrage her modesty. She however managed to run out of the room as the two miscreants tried to nab her. With not much to choose from, Sangita rushed to the corridor outside the room and jumped from the first floor.An FIR has been lodged in this regard, police said and added that probe is underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13979982", "title": "Murdered IM operative\u2019s kin seek CBI probe", "text": "New Delhi: Slain IM operative Qateel Siddiqui's family has asked for a CBI probe into the murder. Security agencies, on the other hand, are trying to find out if IM's bid to bomb Pune's Dagdusheth Halwai Ganpati Temple and the murder are related.Siddiqui's widow Fatima told TOI that the family left for Bihar on Saturday after the Maharashtra government promised them a high-level inquiry and to send the body to Darbhanga for last rites. Siddiqui's cousin left for Pune on Saturday to obtain custody of the body.The IM operative was found murdered in his cell in Yeravada Jail, Pune, on Friday. \"We are shocked and angry. Half a dozen youth from our native village, Barh Samaila, have been arrested for suspected terror links till date,\" said Fatima. Siddiqui's father, Zafeer Ahmad Siddiqui, blamed Intelligence Bureau (IB) and Mumbai police's Anti-Terrorist Squad (ATS) for the murder.\"They are behind my son's murder. We demand a CBI probe into it.\" He claimed that his son was innocent and that it was for the court to decide if he was guilty.Shakeel Siddiqui said he had sent his cousin, Mohammad Afroz Sheikh, to check on his brother in the Pune jail. \"This I did after Fatima failed to extract any response from the authorities for five days. Afroz was told that my brother had been taken to Mumbai and they we will come to about his fate soon,\" he said.The family alleged that postmortem was conducted in a hurry. It was videographed at the Sasoon Hospital, but the family said no attempt was made to form a medical board, which is mandatory in such cases.Meanwhile, the special cell of Delhi Police said they were not planning to go to Pune yet but they will co-ordinate with Pune and Mumbai ATS to investigate the Pune German Bakery and Ganesh temple attacks.\"We had interrogated Siddiqui and we will share his statements with the ATS. The fact that he was the only one in touch with IM commander Yasin Bhatkal before every terror strike made him a most wanted man,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13981837", "title": "\u2018Hostility may put off people from writing\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: With voices of protest against the R K Laxman cartoon on the 'anti-Hindi' movement in Tamil Nadu growing louder, academics expressed concern at the 'pick and choose' attitude warning that such intolerance may put off people from textbook writing.Defending the book that has already been hit by the Ambedkar cartoon controversy, book's chief advisor Yogender Yadav said, \"There is an integrity to a textbook which is achieved by combining various elements and putting them in a tension and balance. You cannot pick and choose any one element at will. The 2 page section under question uses 4 elements - text box on Periyar, photograph of anti-Hindu agitation, news clipping depicting viewpoint of the Hindi protagonists and this R K Laxman cartoon introducing an element of irony. The question is whether all these elements put together produce a fair and non-partisan view of the Dravidian movement. I am afraid the critics have missed the point.\"The chief advisors invited three historians \u2014 Sunil Khilnani, Ramachandra Guha and Mahesh Rangarajan \u2014 to read the text before finalising the book and a committee of the National Monitoring Committee comprising Mrinal Miri, G P Deshpande and Gopal Guru was constituted for this book.Speaking to TOI Miri said, \"I don't think anyone would like to be involved in textbook writing after this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kolkata/howrah", "code": "13979717", "title": "Thunderstorm plays evil, claims six lives in Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA/HOWRAH: Though the rain god has obliged us, but there seems to be some greater design behind the too-good-to-be true intermittent thundershowers. After the scorching sun, the rain now seems to be lusting for human lives.Though Saturday evening's thundershower in Kolkata and the surroundings tempered the mercury, several lives were lost in the adjoining districts. While four persons were killed in a wall collapse in Howrah, two died after being struck by lightning in Hooghly's Dankuni. Flights to and from the Kolkata airport were delayed by about 10 to 15 minutes during this period though. The city recorded 13.6 mm of rainfall.The accident occurred around 6.30pm on Foreshore Road. Six people had sought shelter from the rain under some temporary shed outside a closed factory when the boundary wall collapsed, trapping them underneath. Locals helped in the rescue and succeeded in pulling out the six men. Four of them were rushed to the Howrah District Hospital where they were declared brought dead. The remaining two were moved to a private hospital.\"It is being suspected that they were all casual workers at the Bengal Jute Mill and were returning home after work when the weather deteriorated,\" a police officer said.While the Howrah Maidan-bound flank of Foreshore Road remained blocked due to the wall collapse, major traffic congestion occurred on the Vidyasagar Setu-bound flank. It took some time for a pay loader to remove the rubble and clear the road. Apart from senior police and district administration officials, minister Arup Roy rushed to the spot to inspect the damage.\"I have informed the chief minister. The wind wasn't too strong and it seems that the wall was in bad shape. The matter will be looked into,\" Roy said.The deaths in Dankuni's Bhadua occurred around 6.15pm when a local football match was on. A dozen people were injured in the lightning strike . They were moved to the Walsh Hospital in Srirampur where two were declared dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13985270", "title": "Air India cancels 2 Mumbai flights for VVIP travel", "text": "MUMBAI: The list of woes for Air India passengers seems to have no end. After being hit by the pilot's agitation, the next blow comes from the national carrier's compulsion to operate VVIP flights. Air India has pulled out a Boeing 747-400 aircraft to operate a VVIP flight and as a result the twice a week flight it operates between Mumbai/Cochin and Riyadh will remain cancelled from 12 June to the end of the month. The Jeddah flight from Mumbai/Calicut too has been affected as the airline will operate on this route only five times a week instead of the scheduled seven flights per week.According to Times Now, these flights were heavily booked. The passengers will go through much inconvenience because of this VVIP flight. Air India has been operating VVIP flights for decades now \u2014 it flies the PM, President on their foreign visits \u2014 but the airline usually works out a way to keep its passenger flights unaffected. The airline spokesperson was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13977785", "title": "Govt to give land for IIM-K satellite campus in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: Chief minister Oommen Chandy said the state government would hand over five acres of land to set up IIM Kozhikode's (IIM-K) satellite campus at Infopark in Kochi. After inaugurating IIM-K's satellite campus at Infopark on Saturday, Chandy said that the government would take measures to hand over the land owned by Infopark immediately.As the Infopark had to pay for acquiring land, the government will have to compensate them.IIM-K director Debashis Chatterjee said they taken buildings on lease and classes will begin in October. \"Initially there would be only two courses, a one-year full-time PG course in management for executives and a two-year part-time PG course on software. More courses will be introduced later,\" he said.Chatterjee said that more satellite campuses are being planned, including one at the Technopark in Thiruvananthapuram. However, he said that IIM being a centre of excellence, it has constraints in starting more centres.IIM Kozhikode is the first among the IIMs to have an internationally accredited executive management education programme. Candidates will be selected after a test and interview. Finance minister K M Mani presided over the function. Industries minister P K Kunhalikkutty, excise minister K Babu, MLA Benny Behanan, Infopark CEO Jijo Joseph attended the inaugural ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hazaribagh", "code": "13983064", "title": "IITian held for threatening to kill PM", "text": "HAZARIBAGH: The Jharkhand police on Saturday arrested a former IIT Kharagpur student and a cyber cafe owner from Hazaribag for allegedly sending a mail threatening to kill the PM and the finance minister.District SP Pankaj Kamboj said 35-year-old Anurag Kanishk had sent similar mails and demanded Rs 5 lakh from other people as well. He had sent the mail on June 2.Kanishk said that he sent the message because he is a follower of the BJP's ideology. \"I was also angry with the UPA government because it failed to control prices \" he said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13985617", "title": "Family seeks CBI probe into \u2018custody torture death\u2019", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Family members of Kuldeep Mahapatra, who allegedly died after torture in police custody on June 5, on Saturday demanded a CBI probe into the incident and suspension of inspector Alok Jena even as the commissionerate police transferred the latter from Saheed Nagar.\"We shifted him (Alok Jena) to ensure a fair probe,\" said DCP Nitinjeet Singh. Jena swapped places with Chandrasekharpur inspector (traffic) K P Mishra.Mahapatra's family alleged that police wasted crucial time in presenting Kuldeep in front of media instead of shifting him to hospital. \"Police tortured him to death. But assuming that he was beaten up by a mob as police are saying now, they should have rushed him to the hospital instead of parading him before the media,\" his father Rabindra Nath Mahapatra said.The family members and human rights activists were speaking to reporters on the alleged custodial torture leading to death. \"Had police allowed him to drink even a glass of water after beating him, he may not have died,\" his mother Manjubala said. \"I saw my son's badly bruised body had severe injury marks on his private parts and neck. His toes were almost severed. Thick clots of blood were apparent on his chest,\" she said.Human Rights Front chairperson Manoj Jena said there were lot of inconsistencies in the police version of the event. \"According to police, people handed over Kuldeep to them on the morning of June 5. Instead of sending him for treatment, police waited to present him at a press conference to reveal how the victim was involved in extortion masquerading as a policeman. Around 2.45 pm that day, the DCP told the media that he was forwarded to court. However, around the same time doctors in Capital Hospital declared him brought dead,\" Jena told reporters. \"Even if he was an extortionist, police had no licence to kill him,\" he added.In a press release, Human Rights Front (HRF) said it suspected that Kuldeep was tortured in custody for several days leading to his death because of his \"past enmity\" with inspector Alok Jena.During the press conference on Saturday, policemen were seen prompting questions to certain journalists directed at the deceased's criminal past while another section of cops were present just outside the venue, briefing media about police innocence in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13982103", "title": "Mobile firm employee\u2019s robbery story was false", "text": "SURAT: Investigation into Friday's robbery incident of Rs 2.83 lakh in city's Udhna area has revealed that the victim misled the police to make some quick money. He has confessed to his crime and arrested.Vinod Patel, employee of a mobile service firm, had registered a robbery complaint at Udhna police station. As the police were not convinced with his story they questioned him. He began to change his statements. Police then knew he was trying to hide something.Patel had told police that he was going on his scooter to deposit money in a bank at around 10:45 am on Friday. According to him, while on way towards Pandesara from Udhna, two people robbed him near SMC's south zone office.Patel said he was carrying the money in a black bag, which the miscreants snatched from and fled on a motorcycle.He said one of the miscreants had called him. When he stopped, the duo riding the motorcycle came close to him and the person sitting in front seat threw chilly powder into his eyes. The pillion rider of the motorcycle snatched the bag from Patel and also attacked him with a blade.Police found that the blade injury was not serious as a result of which, they grew suspicious about him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13980712", "title": "Notices sent to homes near river", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has sent notices to 466 houses that are in danger during the monsoon. Out of these, 221 are along the river banks in Kazigadi area. Every year before the rains, the NMC's public works department sends notices to buildings under threat either due to poor construction or because they are along river banks. Most of the 466 constructions, including slums, that have been issued notices are along river banks.\"We have issued notices a fortnight back but some people have shifted while some are still searching for new homes. This is a precautionary measure that we take every monsoon in case of floods or even heavy rains,\" informed an engineer of the public works department.The engineer said that in some cases, the owner of the buildings wants the tenants to move out but they can't find homes to shift into, while in some cases residents of such buildings are senior citizens who are reluctant to move out of their homes.\"In general, people are sceptical about leaving their homes and belongings but we are trying to convince them and will keep following the issue up,\" said the engineer.On September 2008, the city came to a virtual standstill due to a deluge that caused damage to life and property. Houses along the river banks and within the flood zones were swept off. The engineer said that every monsoon such houses are issued notices but after the deluge the NMC has become more cautious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14003295", "title": "NCP would back UPA candidate in Presidential election: Supriya Sule", "text": "MUMBAI: Sharad Pawar-led NCP today said it would support the UPA candidate in the forthcoming presidential election.\"NCP would back the UPA candidate ... the final decision would be taken by Sharad Pawar on this,\" said Baramati MP and Pawar's daughter Supriya Sule here this afternoon. When asked about the possible candidature of finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , Sule said, \"He is a very senior leader ... I am not eligible to comment on him.\"Sule was talking to reporters after the launch of NCP's 'Rashtravadi Yuvati Congress', a new wing for young women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13983452", "title": "Govt must tax English schools: Writer D Javare Gowda", "text": "BANGALORE: Writer D Javare Gowda on Saturday asked the Karnataka government to provide more job opportunities to Kannada-medium students and impose a tax on English-medium schools. The revenue generated should be used to provide facilities to Kannada-medium students.At the Masti awards ceremony here, he said though the Karnataka government is keen on promoting English, it's not asking writers to work towards developing Kannada. People from other states coming to Karnataka should try to learn Kannada, he added.Javare Gowda, 94, also known as Dejagow, has worked in fields such as folklore, literary criticism, translation, biography and travelogue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13985509", "title": "Now, razing of slums just got difficult", "text": "NAGPUR: Henceforth, the drive against illegal slum areas will be no easy affair. Following removal of Rajnagar slum, the home department, Government of Maharashtra, has made it mandatory for the police department to take prior permission of the department before starting the drive against slums. Besides, the ongoing series of anti-encroachment drive against the slums will also come to grinding halt with arrival of monsoon season.Confirming about such instructions, additional commissioner of police (administration) Anup Kumar Singh told TOI that the office of director general of police (DGP) has issued a letter in this regard. \"Prior intimation to the home department will become necessary before razing big slum areas. Such instructions came after Rajnagar drive,\" he said.The NMC or NIT or district administration may not undertake drive against slum areas without the support of police department. To prevent any law and order problem and hurdles in the drive, the police department deploys required police force. Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal could execute the anti-encroachment drive successfully due to cooperation from the commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay. The removal of Rajnagar slum was successful as over 500 police personnel were part of the drive.Sources told TOI, corporator Prakash Gajbhiye, leader of slum-dwellers, tried his level best to save the Rajnagar slum which housed over 550 families. Aggrieved over the slum-dwellers' removal, NCP leader Gajbhiye approached home minister RR Patil and complained of razing of shanties before rehabilitation of the poor families.Taking serious cognisance, Patil directed the police department for such mandatory norms. With this, the fate of action against the slum areas will depend on home department.Confirming about the move, Gajbhiye thanked Patil for paying heed to the plight of slum-dwellers. \"Hundreds of affected families from Rajnagar slum became homeless and are living on footpaths. The administration is taking action without any approval from the government. It is necessary to take the government's permission. Now the instructions will be applicable for whole state,\" he said.According to the bylaws, the anti-encroachment drive against the residential encroachments may not be undertaken between June 6 and September 30 to ensure that the encroachers don't become homeless during monsoon. Thus, the hundreds of slum-dwellers residing in Dhobi Nagar slums, Kalamna situated on both sides of the Railway track will have something to cheer.The South East Central Railway (SECR) had sought the cooperation of district administration in razing the encroachments after successful drive at Rajnagar slum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "stockholm", "code": "13998735", "title": "Jeev registers best finish of the year in Nordea Masters", "text": "STOCKHOLM: Despite a disastrous double bogey in the closing stages, Jeev Milkha Singh managed to complete his best finish of the year as he ended at tied seventh in the Nordea Masters.This was Jeev's first top-10 finish of the year and it was similar to last year's sixth place he achieved at the same event.Jeev birdied the first two holes and then added more birdies on seventh, ninth and 12th. But he also had a bogey on sixth and then a double bogey on 15th.Lee Westwood posted a three-under 69 to cruise to his third victory at the Nordea Masters in a rare finish on the European Tour on Saturday.The Saturday finish was to enable players reach US in time for the US Open next week.Westwood, whose first European Tour victory came here in 1996, was the only player in the field to post four rounds in the 60s and finished at 19-under 269. He won by five shots at Bro Hof Slott Golf Club.It was Westwood's 22nd European Tour victory. Ross Fisher managed a one-under 71 to take a distant second at minus-14.Sergio Garcia threw a charge at Westwood in the final round, but was done in by going into the water on the 17th. The Spaniard carded a five-under 67 and shared third with Mikko Ilonen (68) and Peter Hanson (71) at 13-under par.Joakim Lagergren posted a three-under 69 and took sixth at 12-under 276. Richard Sterne (68), Jeev Milkha Singh (70) and Felipe Aguilar (70) shared seventh at minus-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13977111", "title": "Indian Institute of Management - Kozhikode students to fuel Chandy\u2019s thinktank", "text": "KOCHI: A clutch of students from various management and technology institutions will get an opportunity to chart the future course of Kerala.The Indian Institute of Management in Kozhikode (IIM-K) will handpick 38 bright minds from fresh pass-outs. They will be trained and deputed to the thinktank of each minister to help policy makers sort out governance-related issues.IIM-K, in consultation with the ministers, will work out the details of the project, including the selection process and training module.Announcing this innovative move here, chief minister Oommen Chandy, said: \"To move in tandem with the fast-changing world, we will have to ensure the support of talented youngsters.\"The chief minister and 19 of his Cabinet colleagues, on August 18 last, had attended a class at the IIM. \"It was a different and wonderful experience for us,\" Chandy recalled. After the selection and training of the students, they would be offered one-year fellowship under each minister. \"As educationists, we will provide support to the government on such issues. Each fellow will be attached to a particular minister for a year,\" said Debashis Chatterjee, director, IIM-K.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13980651", "title": "Man duped of Rs 40,000 in Maninagar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A trader has been duped with a unique modus operandi in Maninagar: he was hoodwinked into believing that he was actually getting money! According to Maninagar police officials, Kanaiyala Patel - a resident of Chandramani Society, Ghodasar - was near the lift of Zinzuwadia Jewellers building at noon on June 2 when he was conned. A man in his late thirties approached him and identified himself as a friend of Patel's son. The man told Patel that he was trying to get hold of his son as he had to give him Rs 60,000 towards business dealings.\"Patel was apprehensive for a moment when the man handed him a cover saying that it contained Rs 1 lakh,\" said a Maninagar police official.\"The man said if Patel gave him Rs 40,000, the business could be settled and he would not have to come to their firm. Patel believed him and gave him the cash on the spot. The man then went to a nearby shop on the pretext of collecting some money and did not return. After waiting for him for a while, Patel opened the cover and found coloured paper inside.\" He tried in vain to find the man.Police investigators said this was a new modus operandi employed by fraudsters to dupe senior citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13992971", "title": "Saina Nehwal clinches Thailand Open title", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ace Indian shuttler Saina Nehwal got a shot in the arm ahead of next month's Olympics as she lifted the Thailand Open Grand Prix Gold title after rallying to beat Thailand's Ratchanok Inthanon in the final of the event in Bangkok on Sunday.The 22-year-old world number five Indian beat Inthanon 19-21, 21-15, 21-10 at the CU Sport Complex in Bangkok for her second title of the year after the Swiss Open win in March.The win will come as a massive boost to Saina's confidence ahead of Olympics in July-August.The top seeded Indian was scratchy to start with but drew from her experience and superb maneuvering at the net to beat her second-seeded 17-year-old rival.Although it was a see-saw battle to start with, Inthanon's energy and fabulous baseline play stood out. The smash winner, which is Saina's stock shot, was coming out more frequently from the Thai's racquet who seemed to revel amid the partisan crowd's thunderous cheering.Inthanon, ranked 11th in the world, grabbed a 10-7 lead after Saina's attempted smash landed outside the court and the teenager, to whom Saina had lost in the Sudirman Cup last year, made it 16-10 in no time.At that point, Saina was struggling to match up to the Thai's sheer athleticism and swiftness on the court.In fact, most of the points that Saina notched up during the game were courtesy the errors committed by Inthanon instead of standout shots by the Indian.The gap kept widening in favour of the Thai, whose spectacular speed in covering all ends on the court was commendable. Down 12-19, Saina staged a recovery of sorts making it 17-19 as Inthanon had an attack of nerves which led her to commit a few unforced errors.She ended up wasting a game point by stroking one into the net but egged on by a vocal coach and vociferous home supporters, she managed to clinch the game on Saina's serve.Saina was clearly the better of the two at net but it was Inthanon's seven smash winners against the Indian's one which made the decisive difference in the game.The change of ends in the second game also brought with it a change in fortunes as Saina took the lead by drawing Inthanon to the net and forcing her to commit mistakes.The Indian took a 8-3 lead with four net winners as Inthanon struggled to adjust the pace of her shots from close range. In all, Saina managed 12 net winners in this game against Inthanon's three.Inthanon's energy that was so visible in the opening game seemed lacking in the second but Saina too deserved credit for adapting to the pace of the game, in fact slowing it down much to the Thai's discomfort.The baseline smashes that were flowing smoothly from Inthanon's racquet in the first game were landing on the net in the second even as Saina regained her touch to come up with some aggressive strokes to take a 16-12 lead at one stage.But the Thai was in mood to give up without a fight and narrowed the gap to 15-17 with her fifth smash winner of the game.However, Saina drew from her experience to reel off four consecutive points to clinch the game and equalise in the match.Saina was quick off the blocks in the deciding game and took a 3-0 lead and was up 11-4 in no time thanks mainly to Inthanon's erratic play.Inthanon's net game was not the strongest but even from the baseline, the teenager was unable to bring out the sheer pace which had flummoxed Saina in the opening game.Changing her racquet could not make the difference that Inthanon had been hoping for as Saina took a formidable 17-7 lead once again with her superior net play which fetched her eight points against the local favourite's three at that stage.Leading 17-10, Saina came up with one of her trademark smash winners and let out a scream before notching up four successive points to clinch the title.National coach Pullela Gopichand lauded Saina's performance and said she remained positive despite being down to start with.\"Saina started off slowly. Actually Inthanon was playing some very hard smashes in the initial part of the first game but Saina almost caught up with her and lost very closely,\" Gopichand said from Bangkok.\"But in the second game, she was confident and opened up a good lead and maintained that till the end. In the third game, she dominated throughout. Saina played the kind of game which was important because, she played lot of net dribbles and got points from the net,\" he explained.Gopichand said the title has lifted Saina's spirits and she would be aiming to continue the form in next week's Indonesia Open.\"It is a very good victory and a very important one going into the next tournament which is in Indonesia. Hopefully, she will do well there and after that we will have five weeks of training for the Olympics, so overall a good victory for Saina,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13982364", "title": "Ministers tour Beed, warn doctors of stern action", "text": "MUMBAI: After getting a special permission from the state election commission, health minister Suresh Shetty and women and child development minister Varsha Gaikwad toured areas of Marathwada, including Beed that has been the epicenter of a spate of illegal abortions and sex determination tests. Shetty told reporters in Beed that doctors indulging in illegal abortion and sex determination tests have shamed the state internationally.He said the state was considering certain steps to look into faster conviction of erring doctors. \"Two public prosecutors and private lawyers will be appointed in all districts to look only into Medical Termination of Pregnancy (MTP) and PCPNDT cases. Zilla parishad officials have been told to start the process,\" he said, adding expenses will be borne by the state.The ministers had to take special permission to visit the area as the model code of conduct is in force due to assembly byelection at Kaij in Beed districtShetty also warned doctors that any slip-up, no matter how minor, in filling up of form F will be dealt with sternly. \"Small mistakes also will attract action, and those feigning ignorance of laws will not be spared,\" he said. He also said that ultrasonography centres that have been sealed would now have to display boards saying they are non-functional.While Shetty held a series of meetings with public health officials at the civil hospital in Beed, Gaikwad visited and met the affected families. She also visited Parli taluka, where Dr Sudam Munde carried out the abortion of Vijaymala Patekar (23) in his hospital. She succumbed to excessive bleeding and is survived by four daughters. \"The state will look into taking care of the education and securing the future of Vijaymala's four daughters,\" she said.Minister of state Fauzia Khan said the state was looking into equipping anganwadi workers with cell phones so that they can track pregnant women and update information accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13986183", "title": "Aman flies to London for soccer", "text": "LUDHIANA: This Harvard graduate in finance looks forward to every Sunday, a day on which he says he gets a \"badly needed break\".Aman Gupta, the 31-year-old who heads ST Exports, isn't fond of BBMs, Facebook or other social networking apps like other young entrepreneurs and ubiquitous touch-screen gadgets like iPad are used by Aman only when he reads.His book shelf stocks stories of icons like Tony Blair , Benjamin Franklin , Lance Armstrong , Albert Einstein and Dev Anand . There is even the latest one on Steve Jobs.Aman's study in his personal room was of special concern when he hired the services of famous artist Satish Gujral's daughter Raseel Gujral to design his home.''I loved it when Raseel and I discussed the architecture of this house and her father's works,'' he recollects.But, this affection to his home doesn't mean Aman wouldn't step outdoors on his Sunday.''All my Sunday evenings have at least a 60-minute badminton getaway at the Sutlej Club,'' he says.Clad in a round-neck tee and shorts like a pro, he squarely staves off every rally and smash on the court with his agile footwork and deft arm.There are times when Aman flies to his second home in London to play soccer and to saunter at the famous Hyde Park in Westminster.''There are no running pathways in Ludhiana and there's a lot of problem of stray dogs. I had bought that house in London while doing my post-graduation at Cardiff . I go there once every two months. It is fabulous to jog there,'' he says.Aman's leisurely Sunday comes to an end with some English brandy , Scottish malts and French wine from Bordeaux in the company of his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13995608", "title": "Matt Damon signs up for 'The Magnificent Seven' remake", "text": "Matt Damon has reportedly signed on for the upcoming remake of classic Western movie 'The Magnificent Seven'.Meanwhile, Tom Cruise is said to have agreed to appear as one of the gang of gunslingers in the adaptation of John Sturges' 1960 film.Damon is set to star alongside him as 'Vin', the character Steve MC Queen played in the original.\"MGM are throwing big money at the film and wanted some top names to fill the main parts. You can't get much bigger than Cruise and Damon,\" Contactmusic quoted a source as telling the Sun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13981279", "title": "Bishop\u2019s schools under pressure from political groups: Principal", "text": "PUNE: The principal of The Bishop's School in Pune Camp, on Saturday, alleged that the some political leaders and groups were putting pressure on the school board to admit certain students to the school.At a news conference, principal of the school Frank Freese said, \"It is a government recognized minority school run privately, without any government funding. During the admission process, the school board is subjected to pressure from various local influential groups every year. We are tired of facing them. The board approached the Cantonment police station on Friday and intimated them about the frequent pressure tactics. On our request, the police have deployed some officials for protection but this is not the solution.\"Freese said a protest morcha will be held on June 12 for which police protection is required. Cantonment police officials confirmed that The Bishop's School has intimated them about threats but they said that no complaint has been lodged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13979641", "title": "Air connect between Delhi-Agra on cards", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to boost tourism, the Union ministry of civil aviation with the support of Uttar Pradesh tourism department is looking forward to connect Delhi with neighbouring cities like Agra, Mathura and Vrindavan through chopper services. And with Taj city Agra likely to get a brand new international air terminal at Dhanauli, the proposed chopper services is expected to be a hit. Officials of the state tourism department have already met the chief managing director of state-run helicopter firm Pawan Hans Helicopter Limited, Anil Srivastava. Together, they have also inspected the three proposed locations for helipads at Vrindavan.Talking to TOI, secretary, and director general, UP Tourism, Manoj Kumar Singh said, \"The helicopter firm is looking forward for help from us in terms of providing helipads. In Vrindavan, a land site, which is barely two-three kilometres away from Vrindavan temple, has been finalised. The services will begin within a month.\" Singh added, \"As per the demand of PHHL, we are also working on providing accommodation to pilots.\"As per sources in the tourism department, nearly eight lakh pilgrims can afford chopper service visit Vrindavan each year.On asking how viable the chopper services will be when there is already an expressway that connects the national capital to Agra, Mathura and Vrindavan, Singh said, \"Chopper services will benefit those who have less time but more money. Using the expressway one cannot visit Agra, Fatehpur Sikri and Vrindavan in a day, but using chopper this becomes a reality.\" For this, the tourism officials are also seeking a tie-up with hotels for easy accommodation of tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13987756", "title": "Bike-borne youths rob woman of gold chain", "text": "INDORE: A couple of bike-borne miscreants robbed a middle-aged woman of golden chain in Malharganj area, here on Friday night. According to police, the victim has been identified as Kumudani Jain, 45, wife of Shikharchand Jain. They are the residents of Sitaram Park Colony.In her complaint, Kumudani claimed that she was a pillion on her husband's motor-bike and was crossing through Jinsi area when two bike-borne youth coming from behind snatched away her gold chain and escaped from the scene. The accident took place at around 8.30 pm. However, the victims failed to note the bike number, the woman has said in her complaint. An FIR has been registered under the Section 392 of the Indian Penal Code in this connection.Meanwhile, the police arrested a youth in the Central Kotwali area when he was running away after snatching golden chain from a lady here on Saturday afternoon.Police said that Sadhna Agrawal, wife of Harish Agrawal, is a resident of Sukhdev Nagar. She is a bank employee and came down to have her lunch when the incident took place.She went to parking for her vehicle when one Ravi alias Pappu, resident of Banganga came from back side and snatched her chain. Subsequent to it, he tried to escape from the scene.However, local guard and passersby followed the accused when they got to know about the incident from the victim's shouting for help. They caught the accused in Ranipura area.The police have booked him under the Section 392 of the IPC and sent him to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13977491", "title": "Judge, Gali Janardhan Reddy's kin booked in cash-for-bail case", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) on Saturday registered a case against T Pattabhirama Rao, the suspended CBI court judge, as well as two Karnataka MLAs, including the brother of illegal mining scam accused Gali Janardhan Reddy, for entering into a conspiracy in which the OMC proprietor managed to secure bail in return for a huge amount of money.The high court, which admitted a complaint against judge Pattabhirama Rao earlier from the CBI, has already placed him under suspension.It later directed that CBI hand over the details it had collected in the case to ACB so that it could register a case and take up the investigation.Upon receipt of information from CBI, which was in the form of a complaint, ACB registered a case against Rao and seven others.According to sources, CBI submitted a complaint to HC about a suspicious monetary transaction made by the kin of the judge immediately after Gali Janardhan was granted bail by Rao.The ACB FIR on Saturday mentioned Gali Somasekhara Reddy, Gali Janardhan's brother and the Bellary Urban MLA, as accused number two while Kampli MLA Suresh Babu was named accused number four.The other accused whose names were mentioned in the FIR are Talluri Ravi Chandra, the son of the suspended judge (A3), rowdy-sheeter Yadagiri (A5), retired judge Chalapathi Rao (A6), Dasarathrami Reddy, an OMC employee (A7) and, Nampally court advocate Aditya (A8).The IPC sections that were slapped on them are 120-B (criminal conspiracy), 34 (common unlawful objective), 109 (abetment ) and 219 (corrupt judicial pronouncement) and sections 8, 9 &amp; 13(1)(d), read with 13 (2) of Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13977331", "title": "Seminar for project management professionals", "text": "KOCHI: With the objective of providing an opportunity for all project management professionals in the state to come together and benefit from the knowledge of experts in various fields, the Kerala chapter of the Project Management Institute (PMI) organized a one-day conference in Kochi on Saturday.The conference which was themed 'Project Management \u2014 A Life Skill' saw eminent personalities in the corporate world sharing their experiences with project management professionals from a spectrum of sectors. Delivering the inaugural address, E Sreedharan, principal advisor to Delhi Metro Rail Corporation, explained how two projects \u2014 the Konkan Railway and Delhi Metro \u2014 which he directed changed the concept of infrastructure project in India, just by following five factors.\"Punctuality, integrity, professional competence, social responsibility and viewing time as money, ensured that those projects were completed within the stipulated time and allotted cost estimate. Newbies in the field should realize that integrity and responsibility towards stakeholders, including public, are binding factors that determine their growth,\" he said. The conference saw Kochouseph Chitiilappilly, founder and vice chairman of V-guard, Jitendra Agrawal, business head, HDFC life, sharing their experiences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13982696", "title": "Mobile that taped gang rape seized", "text": "Gurgaon: Three youths, who were arrested on Friday on charges of gang-raping a 20-year-old BA 2nd year student, have been sent to 14 days' judicial custody in Bhondsi jail after being produced in a city court on Saturday by the police. Police have also recovered the mobile phone which was used to make obscene video clips of the woman from one of the accused. A search is on for the fourth accused. \"In his statement to the cops, the accused from whom we recovered the mobile phone said that he had deleted the obxcene video clip in it. Now, we are looking for the fourth accused who is still on the run. We will arrest him soon,\" said Maheshwar Dayal, DCP (East). The Sadar police have lodged an FIR against four youths charging them with gang rape on Thursday. The four men had allegedly raped the victim many times over a period of nearly six months. They also filmed their acts and threatened the victim that if she raised an alarm, they would upload the video clips on the net. The three arrested youths have been identified as Manish Sharma, a former cashier of a renowned private hospital and at present working with a power plant in Jhajjar district, Vivek alias Bheem, who runs his own business, and Praveen, a salesman in a furniture shop. The medical report of the victim has confirmed rape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13991947", "title": "We are a tough team to beat, says Sania Mirza", "text": "Mahesh Bhupathi's 38th birthday gift came in the form of a 12th Grand Slam title, when he partnered with Sania Mirza to win the mixed doubles title at Roland Garros .And he promptly dedicated the win to his four-month old daughter Saira. \"This title has come after a long time,\" he said during the presentation ceremony, \"it is my first title after my daughter was born. This is for her.\"An ecstatic Sania told the gathering, \"It's Mahesh's birthday today and I am glad we won because now I don't have to think of a gift for him.\"But Mahesh hadn't won a mixed doubles title with the same partner twice (Mahesh and Sania won the Australian Open Mixed Doubles title in 2009). \"I was worried about that,\" he said, \"It's good to get it out of the way. I enjoy playing with Sania, we are good friends, and we make a good team.\"Sania, who called Hesh one of the best doubles players ever, said, \"He's a close friend and we share great chemistry on court, lifting each other's spirits and game when the chips are down. We've shown that we are a tough team to beat. I'm hopeful about getting a wild card entry for the Olympics.\" Excerpts from an interview with Sania:Has it sunk in that you now have two Grand Slam titles?A Grand Slam title is what tennis players live for and it's a great thrill to win one. It's only now that the feeling of winning my second Grand Slam is sinking in. Mahesh is as thrilled as I am at winning his 12th Grand Slam title!You said Mahesh is one of the best doubles players. What are his strengths?His backhand returns and net game are world-class. This complements my groundstrokes and return of serve, which are my strengths.Your experience at the French Open?Mahesh and I have been combining brilliantly on court and it's showing in the results. Our opponents made a strong start in the final, but once we started asserting ourselves, we looked the stronger team and deserved to win the title.You lost in the first round of the women's doubles. Do you see this as a setback to your Olympics plans?Any loss is disappointing, especially at a Grand Slam, but I'm glad I was able to put it behind me and come up with a title with Mahesh. I think winning the French Open is an achievement in itself.How do you plan to celebrate this win?We had a private dinner at a friend's restaurant in Paris , but apart from that, we do not have the luxury to celebrate extensively. I'm already in Birmingham for my next tournament and Mahesh is in London to start his grasscourt season.How did Shoaib feel about your win?Obviously he's thrilled and feels proud of my achievements. He's a professional sportsman himself and fully understands the value of this victory!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13981256", "title": "Board pockets Rs 70 lakh from rechecking Higher Secondary papers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) has become richer by Rs 70 lakh after it announced the HSC (science) result. A record number of 11,000 students have applied for reassessment of their answer sheets following 67.70% result declared this year. In fact, the result was the lowest in the past eight years. GSHSEB charges Rs 300 for reassessing one answer paper.This year, about 11,000 students have applied for rechecking of answer papers of multiple subjects, making the total number of answer sheets around 23,000. Thus the board has collected Rs 70 lakh by way of reassessment fees.Board officials say that most of the money is spent on expenses incurred on retrieving the answer sheets, and paying the examiners and officials. However, sources said that the board will still enjoy a profit of not less than Rs 30 lakh!After reassessment, the supervision process will be held from June 12 to June 19. Each day, 1,600 students will be able to see their answer sheets in the presence of board officials. The supervision has been divided into 11 different sessions and 160 students will be accommodated in each session. Either a parent or a teacher will be allowed to accompany the student when he or she sees the answer paper.According to officials, last year marks of 500 students were increased after errors were spotted during re-checking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13978636", "title": "Jain seer will visit Mysore for two days", "text": "MYSORE: A grand reception has been planned to receive Jain seer Swasthashree Chaarukeerthi Bhattarakha Mahaswami, who is visiting the city on Sunday, 15 years after his last visit.He will be here to inaugurate Sri Mahaveer Bhavan.As part of the event, various religious and social programmes have been lined up on Sunday and Monday. Sewing machines will be distributed to economically backward people of Srirampura Layout, while samplings will be planted by the seer, district minister S A Ramdas and mayor Rajeshwari Puttaswamy.Sudheer Kumar, working president of Sri Mahaveer Bhavan Nirman Samiti, said there will be a special mahabhishekha pooja for 24 Theerthankaras on Monday. Many scholars, including De Jawaregowda, C P Krishnakumar and Venkatachala Shastry, will be felicitated on the occasion in the presence of 'Nadoja' Hampa Nagarajaiah.Sudheer said Bhavan will be used for wedding and religious ceremonies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13984029", "title": "Asian Development Bank to support waste management schemes", "text": "KOCHI: The Asian Development Bank (ADB) has plans to spend about 2 billion dollars in the next five years to support setting up of solid and liquid waste management plants across India.This was stated by Juan Miranda, director general of South Asia Department at the ADB, during an informal conversation with the TOI here on the sidelines of the seminar on 'Municipal waste management -Way forward for Kerala'.\"This is what we envisage as potential direct funding by ADB. But we facilitate flow of much more funds from other institutions to support waste management schemes. It is for the state government to estimate what would be the quantum of investment required for setting up waste management facilities in Kerala, but ADB will be ready to support them in whatever manner possible,\" he said.Emphasizing that ADB viewed waste management as a major area of investment in India in the coming years, Juan Miranda said those investments were meant to protect the environment as well as improve health and quality of lives of people.Hun Kim, country director at the India Resident Mission of ADB, said the multilateral funding institutions like the ADB and World Bank can support Kerala in launching programmes for capacity building in waste management as well as for ushering in attitude changes among the people.The ADB and the World Bank can also support programmes for institutional reforms in the urban local bodies to enable them to scientifically structure and execute waste management projects, he said.Hun Kim also disclosed that nearly about Rs 225 million was lying unutilized with the state government from an earlier loan allocated by the ADB to the state. ADB will not have any objection in utilizing this amount, which is known as Kerala local bodies' development fund.When contacted James Varghese, principal secretary of the local self government department (LSGD) said the state would soon be framing rules for utilization of this fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13983026", "title": "Of writing born in immense sorrow", "text": "BANGALORE: An individual, who starts writing to become a writer, will initially become a social activist, said K Sathyanarayana, novelist and chief commissioner of income-tax department at The Indian Institute of World Culture here on Saturday. He was speaking at the release of a novel by U R Ananthamurthy.The characters in the novel reflect how a rebellious attitude exists in every person, said Sathyanarayana, adding, \"Usually a person becomes rebel to attain luxury but characters in this novel rebel to experience suffering.\"It was an unforgettable day for Ananthamurthy as his book, written 50 years ago, was released. At the release of 'Preethi Mruthyu Bhaya', he said, \"For the first time, I was very nervous in my life at a book release function as I wrote this book in 1959, when my younger brother died.\" He said after seeing the body of his younger brother, he penned this book with immense sorrow.Stating that he never spent any time on making money in his life, Ananthamurthy said, \"Despite being criticized by many people, I've spent time only on Kannada literary works.\" Critic Manu Chakravarthy released the book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13977993", "title": "Celebrating the graduating moments", "text": "HUBLI: Flaunting that coveted black gown and mortarboard cap and posing for a photo-op. It is a moment that every student dreams to attain and loves to cherish. Until recently, students had to wait for their university convocation day to rejoice this proud moment of their life. However, the culture that was once restricted to universities is slowly embracing schools and colleges too, with several educational institutions in the twin cities adopting the practice of celebrating graduation day.Graduation day has become a part of the curricular activities in several colleges in Hubli and Dharwad, especially in engineering, medical and management colleges. Teachers feel it is a way of celebrating successful transition of students to the next level in their life.According to Ashok Shettar, principal of BVB Engineering College, \"Graduation day is very significant as it marks the day when students complete their studies at the institute and go for higher studies or job. It's a golden moment in their life which does not come again.\"Agrees Sharat Kulkarni, a student of BVB Engineering College, who is passing out this year.\"The graduation day is one of the most memorable days in my life. It is a great feeling to wear the graduation gown, it makes me feel significant and reminds me of my responsibility in the society,\" he said. As for colleges, celebrating graduation day is also a way to showcase the capability and merit of their students. In the competitive environs of higher education and mushrooming number of colleges, holding a graduation day is also a means of attracting new students to the college.And it is not just college students who get an opportunity to don the dream gown and cap. Several schools also observe graduation day for SSLC students.Not just that, even tiny tots of private pre-primary schools have their day when they smile at the camera looking their best in the formal attire. Hubli-based Sanskaar school has been celebrating UKG graduation day for the past three years. School administrator Vinod JNS told TOI: \"Celebrating graduation day has become a tradition in our schools. When children finish kindergarten and move on to primary school, it is a moment to celebrate -- a celebration of growing up.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13983804", "title": "Tracing the origins of Pakistan's doom and gloom", "text": "Recently it seemed doves would be flying madly between India and Pakistan showering olive branches or visas as it were. It's unclear whether we are back to status-quo, but as we know not much has changed since Bhutto and Gandhi signed an agreement 40 years ago in hilly Shimla.In light of Ahmed Rashid's rather bleak analysis of Pakistan's future, a country on the brink, I thought it appropriate to add to the list of blame takers in this great regional game. (Poor south Asia never gets a chance in the face of Indo-Pak - shall we say - expressionism.)Upon investigation, it appears that the additional culprit is Mahindra and Mahindra . Seriously. Keshub Mahindra's recent retirement from chairmanship reminded me of this star-crossed connection. The company traces its origins to British India. In those days -1945 in Ludhiana to be precise - the company was titled Mahindra and Mohammad.Mohammad being Malik Ghulam Mohammad had no way of prophesizing the company's future success, that the company he sired along with the Mahindras would one day be a global conglomerate with total assets valued at just under $7.5billion.Intrigued by the idea of Pakistan, Mohammad quit his business enterprise and opted for better fortunes. He became Pakistan's first finance minister, and subsequently the governor general in 1951. Although he died early, in 1956, few remember this gentleman warmly.After all, Mohammad can be seen as one of the earliest eroding influences on the growth of democracy in Pakistan . He introduced the first army intervention to quell the Lahore agitation of 1953, led by another Indian who crossed the border - Maulana Maududi. Maududi's Jamaat-e-Islaami was already causing mayhem inciting hatred against the Ahmaddiyya community.During his short tenure in office, Mohammad dismissed the then PM, Khwaja Nazimuddin (full disclosure: my family), changed around laws, alienated then East Pakistan , and most importantly to today's story, brought the army into politics. A lament: if only Mohammad had stuck to doing business in India, who knows how this sordid tale would have ended.The origins of Pakistan's doom and gloom have been traced by many, to many. I thought it might be good to add Mohammad's name - and that of his former business partners for not keeping him back - to that elite list. One other major loss to Pakistan was that of human capital - the exodus of Hindus and Sikhs from the urban centres of Peshawar, Karachi , Lahore and even Quetta. Many Muslims of the Jinnah generation, whose intimate circle of friends included Hindus and Sikhs, despised Jinnah for causing the exodus of all their good friends to India. Indeed, the most targeted of the accused in Pakistan is Jinnah , whom I personally prefer to think of as misunderstood and who, as Ayesha Jalal's thesis goes in The Sole Spokesman, overplayed his hand in a super highstakes poker game with Nehru . Winning Pakistan probably didn't feel like a reward to him. In leaving behind his beloved Bombay I think Jinnah quite lost his soul and lived out his days in some agony.But since none of this is relevant to the Indo-Pak of today , we return to search for today's Mohammad and Mahindra to develop tangible cultural and business ties.And since, thanks to another culprit, Bhutto, we can't raise a glass for a collective toast and drink to such a day, let's just cin-cin over hot chai, and hope that 65+ year olds deciding South Asia's future will soon let the 40 year olds take a stab at bonhomie.(The author is a Delhi based Pakistani journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13981211", "title": "Not picked Pranab as presidential nominee yet: Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an unusual development, Congress on Saturday scotched the speculation that party has picked finance minister Pranab Mukherjee to be its nominee for next month's presidential polls.\"I can only say that the process of discussions with allies and supporting allies is still on,\" said Congress general secretary Janardan Dwivedi, stressing \"no name has so far been finalized\".The terse statement which was prompted by reports about Mukherjee getting the coveted nod will ensure that uncertainty over Congress's choice will continue into the next week when a meeting of UPA allies is likely to be called to endorse its decision.The meeting of UPA partners and 'supporting allies\"a category that includes parties like Samajwadi Party, BSP and RJD who are not part of the government but provide it from outside \u2014 by June 15. Those who will not be able to make it,will be sounded out on phone.The meeting will be taking place immediately after the likely notification of the presidential election by the Election Commission. Five years ago, the notification, expected to be the first important matter on the agenda of the newly appointed Chief Election Commissioner, V S Sampath, had been issued on June 13.Dwivedi's statement stood out because it is not very often that Congress rushes out to scotch seemingly innocuous speculations. Sources indicated that the swift denial may have been necessitated by the need to give the partners and supporting allies a sense of participation in the decision, and to assuage Trinamool boss, West Bengal chief minister who does not seem to be particularly enamoured of the veteran finance minister's claim to succeed Pratibha Patil in Rashtrapati Bhavan.In fact, there are indications that Mamata who initially seemed indifferent towards Mukherjee's candidature may have hardened her stand, contradicting the assessment in certain quarters that she would have found it difficult to come in the way of the presidential aspirations of a fellow Bengali.Reports suggesting that Congress has rebuffed her views , could not have played well with the volatile ally.Ironically, it was Mamata's opposition to Vice President Hamid Ansari, another name on Sonia Gandhi's list for Rashtrapati Bhawan, which was seen to have strengthened Mukherjee's prospects, something which was helped by Mulayam Singh Yadav. SP boss who will be crucial for Congress said last month that he was opposed to the appointment of retired bureaucrats to constitutional positions: a stance which was aimed at Ansari, a retired career diplomat.Congress sources said that the leadership did not view the reports claiming that a decision has been taken in Mukherjee's favour as \"harmless speculation. They feared that the impression that Congress was going to present its allies and \"supporting allies\" with a fait accompli it could hinder the prospect of a consensus over whoever is selected by party chief Sonia Gandhi for the constitutional positionMeanwhile, Mukherjee sought to play down the excitement about the reported clearance for his name. \"It is decided by the party. Party nominates. No one can become president on his own wish\", an agency report quoted him saying in Kolkata.In a related development, CPM said that it would take a decision on presidential elections after seeing Congress's choice. \"No proposal has come to us. We will take a decision when we get one,\" party leader Sitaram Yechury told reporters on Saturady when party's central committee began its two-day deliberations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13994874", "title": "Presidential poll: BJP to open cards once UPA names candidate", "text": "HYDERABAD: Former union minister and BJP official spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain on Sunday said his party would disclose its strategy on presidential election only after the ruling UPA coalition announces name of its candidate.Until the ruling Congress party does not announce name of its candidate for the President's post, BJP would keep its cards close to its chest, Shahnawaz told reporters here.On whether BJP would support finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's candidature for the post of President, he said, \"Let Congress party first name the candidate for the post, then only our party will disclose the strategy.\"Stating that this time the presidential election would be \"interesting\", he said it was not necessary that the ruling party candidate would be the winner.\"This time the presidential election results would be surprising and our party is working on this strategy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13987649", "title": "Two-day bank strike from July 25", "text": "INDORE: In protest against their respective managements' plan to introduce ultra small branches (USBs) as part of ongoing financial inclusion programme, banks in the state will remain closed on July 25 and 26.The call for bandh has been given by All India Bank Employees' Association (AIBEA). As many as 14,767 ultra small branches are to be opened in the state alone by August 15. The decision to this effect was taken during recently concluded state level bankers' committee (SLBC) meeting held in Bhopal .The bank staff unions feel that the introduction of USBs was happening at the cost of rural co-operative banks that are on verge of closure. Opening of USBs would badly hit these banks, said CH Venkatachalam, general secretary, All India Bank Employees' Association.However, bank managements are adamant to continue with their efforts on the front of opening USBs in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13978088", "title": "Vikas Gowda gets bronze in Diamond League", "text": "BANGALORE: Country's best bet in athletics for the Olympics, discus thrower Vikas Gowda continued his impressive run in the tune-up to the London Games as he created history by winning India's first medal in the prestigious IAAF Diamond League.Competing against some of the world best including Olympic silver medallist, the 28-year-old Indian grabbed the bronze medal with a best of 64.86m at the Adidas Grand Prix in New York on Saturday. The gold medal went to Athens Olympics silver medallist Zoltan Kovago of Hungary with 66.36m and the second place to Frank Yennifer Kasanas of Spain whose best was measured at 65.21m.The Mysore man was leading after the second round before slipping to the second spot after the fourth round. Vikas opened with 60.88m effort before touching the day's best of 64.86. Vikas never bettered that throw as he recorded 61.13, 62.68, 62.62, 62.66 in his last four rounds. Kasanas, meanwhile, managed his best on his last attempt to bag the silver.An elated Vikas, who managed a career best of 66.29m in April this year, said he was happy to win India's first medal in the Diamond League.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13984330", "title": "Nato\u2019s Libya war causes Mali crisis", "text": "Should the United Nations intervene militarily in Syria, where President Assad's bloody crackdown has killed thousands? Many foreign policy experts are keenly following this. By contrast, hardly any are following the coup and secessionism in Mali, the Saharan country in Africa. Yet Mali tellingly illustrates the unintended consequences of trying to eliminate a bloody dictator. That has lessons for intervention in Syria too.Last year, the Arab Spring toppled dictators in Tunisia and Egypt, and catalysed demonstrations in other countries too. The US, which had long patronized the dictators, switched to supporting the pro-democracy agitators. But, as always, its actions were dictated as much by expediency as principles.The Arab Spring came to both Bahrain and Libya. The US loved the Bahrain monarch, who hosted its fleet in the Gulf, but hated Gaddafi of Libya who had financed many terrorist movements and once blown up an American plane. Result: the US looked the other way as Bahrain, with Saudi help, crushed its demonstrators. But in the case of Libya, the US worked itself up into a moral lather, and pledged military support to Gaddafi's supposedly democratic opponents.Actually, the Libyan uprising was more ethnic than pro-democracy. Libya's eastern tribes had long resented rule by the western tribes backing Gaddafi. When Gaddafi swore to crush the easterners, Nato said it would intervene, supposedly to prevent mass civilian killings.Everybody knew that civilian casualties were inevitable in an ugly civil war, regardless of who won. Yet Nato pretended that helping the easterners overthrow Gaddafi would somehow prevent civilian casualties. When the triumphant easterners wreaked ethnic vengeance by slaughtering civilian tribal foes, there was mild tut-tutting but nothing more from Nato.Gaddafi had hired many foreign mercenaries to protect him. The mercenaries included a regiment of Tuaregs\u2014nomadic Arabs of the Sahara\u2014from Mali. When Gaddafi fell, the mercenaries fled, carrying a formidable array of arms, ranging from armoured carriers to shoulder-fired missiles. The Tuareg regiment marched 500 miles across southern Algeria to return home to northern Mali.Now, Mali, like many African countries, was a colonial creation, lumping together different tribes with no earlier history of nationalism. There was always tension between the Tuaregs of northern Mali and the mainly black Africans of southern Mali, who constituted the majority. When the Tuareg regiment returned home, it joined hands with existing northern secessionist groups (called the MNLA), and declared independence for northern Mali, which they named Azawad.The government in the southern capital, Bamako, could not get its act together in facing the secessionist threat. This gave an excuse to some Army commanders to mount a coup, arguing that the civilian government was not tough enough. In effect, Mali split into two regimes, both of doubtful legitimacy. Chaos and anarchy hit civilians in both halves, as in any civil war.Remarkably, the biggest beneficiary may be al-Qaida. Its local branch, AQIM, has long been active in northern Mali. AQIM has joined hands with the ex-Libyan Tuaregs and its MNLA allies to run northern Mali. The MNLA is nominally secular. But it lacks the numbers and organisation of AQIM, which dominates the administration and has imposed strict sharia law. Tuareg women , who used to roam around freely, cannot leave their homes save with a male relative.Many western columnists spouted outrage at Gaddafi's atrocities on civilians. Yet none of them agonises over Nato responsibility for the chain of events causing massive civilian tragedies in Mali. An entire country has been shattered by the consequences of Nato intervention in Libya. The western media bemoan Mali's tragedy, but don't own any responsibility for it.Instead, the western media worry that al-Qaida has got a new sanctuary, and may have access to missiles and rocket launchers that it never had before. The rebels already claim to have downed a US drone in northern Mali, though the US denies this.Mali drives home the law of unintended consequences. Nato intervention in Libya was only half-principled, and motivated mainly by a desire to oust Gaddafi. But even the purest, most high-minded intervention would have caused massive civilian casualties and strife, in both Libya and Mali. The most ironic unintended result has been the creation of a major new al-Qaida sanctuary.This lesson must be kept in mind before intervening militarily in Syria. Assad needs to go. But ousting him by force will deepen what is already a civil war, and cause horrendous casualties. Islamic extremists may be the biggest beneficiaries. The UN must look for non-military solutions, howeverineffective these may look today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13967028", "title": "70% corporate emails comprise gossip: Study", "text": "WASHINGTON: The average corporate email user sends 112 emails every day and one out of every seven of those messages can be called \"gossip,\" says a new study.Eric Gilbert, assistant professor at Georgia Tech's School of Interactive Computing, US, examined hundreds of thousands of emails from the former Enron Corporation .Gilbert found that - by the definition of \"gossip\" as messages that contain information about a person or persons not among the recipients - nearly 15 per cent of the emails qualify as office scuttlebutt.What's more, Gilbert, an expert in social computing, found that gossip is prevalent at all levels of the corporate hierarchy, though lower levels gossip the most. \"Gossip gets a bad rap,\" he added, according to a Georgia Tech statement.Still, another finding was that \"negative\" gossip, characterised through a natural language text processing analysis, was in fact 2.7 times more prevalent than positive gossip, though a significant portion of the messages were \"sentiment-neutral.\"The findings, according to Gilbert and doctoral student Tanushree Mitra, represent an important test of anthropological theories about gossip in what can reasonably be called the world's most popular electronic social medium: email.\"A recent survey of that literature summarised gossip as having four main purposes: information, entertainment, intimacy and influence. We found evidence of all those categories in the Enron emails, relating to both business and personal relationships.\"\"Enron certainly had what could be called a 'cowboy culture,' but I suspect the way they behaved internally to each other did not differ significantly from most other US corporations,\" Gilbert said.Indeed, the Enron corpus - some 600,000 messages purchased following the company's bankruptcy and now made freely available for study - represents the world's largest publicly accessible body of naturally occurring emails.It has provided grist for numerous scientific and technical advances.For example, Gilbert said, email spam filters took a huge leap forward in efficiency in 2005 due largely to advancements made from analysing the Enron corpus.Gilbert's and Mitra's findings were presented at the sixth International AAAI Conference on Weblogs and Social Media (ICWSM '12) at Trinity College in Dublin , Ireland .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13985634", "title": "Banking on a Bachelors of Business Administration for a head start", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A course that had virtually become defunct at graduation level in most colleges and had few takers in past, is offering fresh hope to students this year.No restriction on the subjects chosen by students in Class XII, Bachelors of Business Administration (BBA) is being offered by select colleges in city. A joint counselling for all government colleges offering the course will also be on at the Government College of Commerce and Business Administration in Sector 42 for the academic session 2012-2013.For those aspiring to study further in commerce or management stream or join the corporate sector and opting to crack common aptitude test to grab a seat in premier business school at a later stage, choosing BBA is a good option.Admission is on basis of merit by individual colleges and students from even science or arts background can apply for the course. Students with commerce and mathematics background are given some weightage by certain colleges during admission.\"Students think that BBA will make things easier for them in MBA. Infact, BBA is a branch of commerce stream - to have an upper edge over BCom course also students enroll for this course. We find good students with arts background enrolling for this course and bringing laurels for us,\" says Manjit Brar, principal, Government College for Commerce and Business Administration in Sector 42. The college has 570 students, all studying commerce and management subjects. She added that out of 24 students appeared in BBA exams, 16 students got 70% marks and above last year.Often mistaken to be a race up to an MBA degree, the Bachelors of Business Administration (BBA) course an extension of commerce subjects and stream, cite experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13987433", "title": "Bus drivers face problems due to dug-up roads", "text": "Kanpur: The smooth ride of the city buses turned into the roller-coaster one when the buses commuted through the dug-up roads. The locals also claimed that the upcoming monsoons may ruin this noble initiative if the city roads are not mended well in time.The dug-up roads at Bada Chauraha, Chunniganj for laying of the sewer pipelines remained one of the problems that the bus-drivers had faced while driving the buses on this route. The other challenges were the encroachments on both the sides of the road between Gol Chauraha and Mall Road which has been declared a No-Tempo Zone.However, major portion has been cleared by the municipal corporation by organizing massive anti-encroachment drives in the respective areas. Yet the stubborn encroachers at Badachauraha, (outside UHM hospital and IMA) and near Naronha Chauraha caused snarls in the movement of the low-floor buses. The haphazard row of rickshaws at Bada Chauraha, Parade and Chunniganj crossings also caused problems.\"I was not sure that the buses will be coming to the stops simultaneously after specific interval of time. Hence, I opted for cycle-rickshaw to reach office. Its good that the district administration has taken this initiative, but removing all the tempos at once, may cause trouble to the locals,\" sad Dheerendra, a marketing executive.Similar words were echoed by Ashutosh, another private employee according to whom, there is an urgent need to remove encroachments permanently and level the roads at the busy crossings, be it Parade or Bada Chauraha, otherwise, the city buses will not find enough place to run.Parul Sinha, a resident of Kidwai Nagar said for making buses a hit amongst people, they should be available readily and should run fast so that people can reach their destination easily. However, if the encroachments are not removed, the success of the buses in this city will remain a distant dream,\" said Parul further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "montreal", "code": "13996678", "title": "Resta to start Canadian GP in 8th position, Hulkenberg 13th", "text": "MONTREAL: Force India can hope to score some points in the Canadian Grand Prix with Paul di Resta quyalfying eighth on the grid even though Nico Hulkenberg missed Q3 to find himself in the 13th spot.Hulkenberg could have done better but yellow flags disrupted his best lap in Q2 and thus he had to be content with P13, which came with a fastest lap of 1:14.748.Di Resta's fastest lap of the day was in Q2 when he clocked 1:14.639, and his effort of 1:14.705 in Q3 got him the eighth position.\"There was probably a little bit more speed in the car because I was a little bit over-committed in the chicanes on my final lap in Q3, but I don't think it would have made a big difference to my starting position.\"In all the sessions so far we've shown how competitive the car is, especially during long runs, and I think we can be confident of scoring some good points tomorrow,\" Resta said.Hulkenberg was obvioulsy disappointed with his position on the grid.\"I don't think that P13 reflects the pace we had in the car today. .. I had some bad luck in Q2 when I got caught out by a yellow flag on my quickest lap because a Sauber went off ahead of me in turn eight and I had to abort the lap. If I had managed a clean lap, I think I could probably have made Q3,\" he said.Team principal Vijay Mallya was hopeful of good outcome from the race.\"Qualifying is only half the battle and past experience has shown that the Circuit-Gilles Villeneuve is always a challenging track with a reputation for throwing up surprises. We will be ready to capitalise on any chances that come our way and determined to deliver another double points finish,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13995490", "title": "Artistes grace the audio launch of 'Chand Ke Pare'", "text": "The soundtrack album of soon-to-be-released flick Chand Ke Pare was recently launched by prominent artists Javed Ali, Kavita Seth and Sonu Kakkar.The film has a very fascinating mix of musical songs from romance to item song to melody to soulful number and instrumental piece written by Hasmukh Gandhi and Ashok Bansal. With such appealing music composed by young and talented music director Anchal Talesara, the tracks of the film definitely have the potential to be a runaway success.Renowned singers Shreya Ghoshal, Javed Ali, Roopkumar Rathod, Kavita Seth, Sonu Kakkar, Khushboo Jain, Anee Chatterjee have rendered their voice to this record.The film, starring Jaya Bhattacharya, Narendra Jha, Sadhika Randhawa and Shipra Kasana, is touted to be an engaging, path breaking theme of unconventional and yet very warm and beautiful relationships. The supporting cast of the film features amazing talent namely Rakesh Kukreti, Krupa Chandera, Apurv Ratan, Anurag, Jagruti Wadke, Anurag Gupta, Hina Mistry and Meghna Patel. The film is directed by Nishikant Sadaphule and produced by Renu Ashok Bansal in association with Hasmukh Gandhi who is also the writer of the film.On this occasion, Renu Ashok Bansal, Producer, Chand Ke Pare said, \"We are privileged and proud to have the cream of talents behind every unit of our film. Music plays pivotal role in narrative structure and creates mesmerizing visuals of the film with melodious songs. I am extremely glad to join hands with Universal Music , a premier record label reputed for the selection and aggressive marketing of quality music.\"Hasmukh Gandhi, lyricist, writer and associate producer of the film believes, \"The movie reflects a different kind of cinematic experience with a subject that has certain in-built controversial dimensions. Such kind of cinema has never before been dealt with on Indian screen. The thematic structure of the movie envelopes the sensitive portrayal of intimate emotions in varied range. It is essentially a women-centric subject and focuses on rollercoaster emotional graph of three women characters. Their epoch-making journey is traumatic and yet heart-warming where life presents to them some unconventional, heart churning circumstances and leaves them with absolutely no option. It is very matured and sensational subject with international appeal and is treated with loads of sensitivity and sensibility.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13992584", "title": "Man arrested for cheating 8 women, lodged in Udupi Jail", "text": "MANGALORE: A polygamist, who had married eight women in the last eight years, is now cooling his heels at the Udupi Jail.The accused, identified as Sukumar alias Rajesh Anchan (35) of Kinnigoli was arrested at Somwarpet in Kodagu District on Saturday night.The accused had married women in Dakshina Kannada, Udupi, Kasargod and Madikeri. All women either have a child from the marriage or are pregnant now.His act came into light when Shubha from Vittla published the photograph of her missing husband Rajesh Anchan on May 17, in a vernacular daily. On seeing this, Revathi from Padu Thonse in Udupi, September 20, 2007, lodged complaint at Malpe police station on June 8 this year stating that she was cheated and swindled by the accused.Anchan was missing after he took Revathi's ornaments and Rs 20,000 from his mother in law saying that he had got a job in the Middle East. Revathi in the meanwhile informed members of Jaya Karnataka organization, who traced him in Somwarpet after several weeks of search.During police investigation it was found that Anchan, who used to work at various hotels in the district and outside as a cook, got into alliances at the drop of hat without revealing that he, was already married. Anchan was also received dowry amounting to Rs 10,000 to Rs 40,000 every time he got into a fresh wedlock. The first victim was Meenakshi of Deralakatte, while he was working as a cook at an ashram at Mangaladevi here. Police said that every 15 months or so he broke alliances citing differences either with his wife or relatives.He got married to Shambavi in Kasargod while working at a hotel in Kasargod. After leaving Kasargod following a tiff with his wife about his drinking binge, he got married to Jayanthi of Uppinangady while working at Mangalore. His next victim was Prema from Kaup followed by Rajani of Dharmasthala. While working at Malpe, he married Revathi, who lodged the complaint of cheating at Malpe.While working at Madikeri he married Sunanda and again after leaving home regarding pawning her ornaments in a bank, he married Shubha in Mangalore.While Menakshi has a seven year old son, Shambhavi of Talipadpu in Kasargod has a five year old daughter. Both Jayanthi of Uppinangady and Prema from Kaup have six year old sons from the marriage and Rajani from Dharmasthala and Sunanda of Madikeri have two year old son. The last victim, Shubha from Vittla is seven months pregnant.The accused has been remanded to judicial custody till June 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "13986241", "title": "President Pratibha Patil okays high courts for 3 NE states", "text": "AGARTALA: President Pratibha Patil has given her formal approval for setting up separate high courts in three northeastern states \u2014 Tripura, Manipur and Meghalaya.\"We received the copy of the much awaited act Saturday,\" Tripura's law department secretary Datamohan Jamatia told IANS. A cheering chief minister said, \"A separate high court in Tripura is a result of three decades of struggle.\"A bill was passed by the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha last month, paving the way for the creation of separate high courts in the three states. Jamatia said the high courts would help in speedy disposal of cases, save litigants' time and money and fulfil a long-standing demand of the states.According to officials here, the high courts are expected to start functioning in three months. Currently, six northeastern states \u2014 Tripura, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh \u2014 have benches of Gauhati high court. Sikkim has a separate high court.In Tripura, over 52,000 cases have been pending in lower courts and 5,000 cases are awaiting disposal in the Agartala bench of Gauhati HC, an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13981060", "title": "Four youths arrested for Cidco arson", "text": "NASHIK: The city police have arrested four youths in connection over the incident of vehiclular aron in the Swami Vivekanand Nagar area of Cidco on Thursday.The accused have been identified as Santosh Pithekar, Ganesh Gaikwad, Prashant Lohakare and Sagar Pawar. All four accused are their 20s and are residents of Chetana Nagar, Pathardi Phata, Lekha Nagar and Nashik Road, respectively.The accused had reportedly gone to Swami Vivekanand Nagar to steal petrol for their auto rickshaws but were worried that they were being stalked after being spotted committing the fuel theft.They therefore ended up putting petrol on vehicles and setting them on fire, while escaping from the scene. Among the four, Santosh Pithekar and Ganesh Gaikwad have faced police action for robbery in the past.Police nabbed Lohakare on Friday afternoon, followed by the arrest of the other three from their residences.Deputy commissioner of police, D S Swami confirmed the arrests. \"On Thursday night, the four accused came to Swami Vivekanand Nagar in a bid to steal petrol from parked bikes in the area, \" Swami said. The neighbhourhood was familiar to the gang since Gaikwad, had formerly lived in the area, police said.In a bid to probe the case from all possible angles, the police had formed various teams each of whom was chasing a different line of investigation.Cops called close to 40 people for enquiry all day on Thursday. The first name that came to the fore was Lohakare's, which came up through information gathered by senior police inspector B A Borkar and constable Yuvraj Patil of the Ambad police station. The four accused have confessed to their crime. Police said there had been no political influence in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13990387", "title": "Does any A-lister have the power to be cool?", "text": "Every Hindi film actress today hopes or claims to be hot. Does any A-lister have the power to be cool?The year was 1966 and a rather curvaceous Sharmila Tagore walked into the studio of celebrity photographer Dhiraj Chawda. Twenty-year-old Tagore posed on a beach bed in a black and white printed bikini \u2014 and her bouffant \u2014 for the August 19 edition of Filmfare, which also happened to be its Independence Day issue.The decision to wear one, says Tagore, was not premeditated. \"I was young, I had a nice figure and I thought I'd look good in a bikini,\" says the 65-year-old former Censor Board chief.You'd believe her \u2014 there is only so much meditating that a 20-year-old can do. But, 46 years on, many serious roles and a parliamentary position later, one word comes to mind when you think back on the young Tagore who went against the grain of what was expected of Hindi cinema's heroines then: 'cool'.For an actress, cool is a mix of things: choosing roles that challenge the norm, making personal choices that don't tow the line, being successful, not taking herself too seriously, thumbing her nose at expectation, and experimenting with her image. Why, we wondered, were all actresses today hot? Or cute? Or sexy? Why does the word 'cool' not come to mind when we think of A-list heroines?The difference between hot and cool Besides the obvious reference to temperature, the Urban Dictionary defines cool as the best way to say \"something is awesome. (The description) is convenient for people who don't care about what's 'in'.\"Cool carries with it a host of implications, primarily centred around not caring enough about what others think; popular, but not populist.Hot, by contrast, would be populist, lacking the edge of cool, but desirable, nonetheless. The description also has a sexual tone. The eroticised body of an actor sporting a six-pack, for instance, would never be labelled cool. Nor would a well-toned Bipasha Basu in running gear, a sultry Kareena Kapoor in a mini, or a swimsuit-clad Priyanka Chopra. In fact, we'd call them sizzling. Film critic Mayank Shekhar says the need for film actresses to be hot, stems from a vulnerability that is inherent to their profession. \"They don't get the kind of respect that mainstream actors claim. Roles are seldom written for them, they don't command an audience of their own. There are blips, like Madhuri in the '90s, but it's a male star system,\" Shekhar explains. \"There is so much pressure on an actress to look hot all the time, that looking any other way will push her to the margins.\"Tagore hints at that vulnerability, when she says actresses are \"not seen as individuals, but as belonging to a profession that celebrates youth and beauty. When we label them 'hot' or 'cool', no one sees the work that they are putting in.\"Knocking on norm's door But 23-year-old Parineeti Chopra, whose first two films Ladies vs Ricky Bahl and Ishaqzaade have won her rave reviews, feels the current crop of actresses have it in them to be cool. \"All of us harbour the greed to do atypical work. We may not mind a stereotypical role, but we're all hungry for edgy and experimental films\" she says.According to her, a cool heroine is one who doesn't allow herself to get stereotyped. \"I hope people call me 'sexy', which they may not call me now. I may go bald for a role, stay plump for another. The idea is to try different things,\" says the actress, who has picked up a bindaas image after playing a North Indian girl, who goes by instinct, whether she's swapping gold earrings for a gun or eloping to marry her lover in a railway shed, in her last film.There are a clutch of examples that allow us to agree with Chopra, although cautiously. Vidya Balan would probably top the chart when it comes to choosing roles \u2014 mother to nine-year-old; alcoholic item girl; abandoned pregnant wife \u2014 without bothering about what's 'hot'. Off screen, however, she rarely experiments with her clothes, preferring to cling to the sari. The risk-taker on screen hesitates to experiment in reality, is the message, instantly dropping her a few notches on the cool meter.Kalki Koechlin, last seen as the loaded-possessive girlfriend in Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara , has a remarkable penchant for playing fleshed out characters in well-made films, yet she's more fringe than centre \u2014 one of her first leads in a big banner production has only just released. Priyanka Chopra , who is remembered for her sex appeal in Dostana and Don, will wear prosthetics in the upcoming film, Barfee, in a role that we hope, won't need her to look conventionally hot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13986444", "title": "Service providers sell SIM cards without ID verification", "text": "GUWAHATI: Mobile service providers are allegedly providing SIM cards to people in the city without proper identity verification of the consumers. According to city police, the negligence of the mobile service providers has made it easier for criminals to buy SIM cards as they are given connections without identity verification.Though the city police have asked its Special Branch (SB) to look into the matter, the department is yet to complete its job due to the large number of cell phone users.\"It is a major headache. Though mobile companies need to verify the person properly before allotting a connection, they are flouting norms to meet their business targets. The criminals are taking advantage of this and buying several connections, making it more difficult for us to track them,\" said a senior police officer here.The officer added, \"As per our records, there should be around 24,358 licensed SIM card providers here. But, the ground report says that the actual number is more than double the number. We have asked the special branch to take up the matter with the mobile companies soon.\"According to the Department of Telecommunication (DoT), all franchises and service providers are required to seek clearance from the Telecom Enforcement, Resource and Monitoring (TERM) cell, which will be based on police verification.A DoT notification released earlier said, \"With the issuance of revised guidelines, the activity of the sale of mobile connections has been withdrawn from the retailers/vendors and therefore, clearance is to be sought only by the franchisees who are involved in selling of the mobile connection.\"However, the SB officer investigating the matter said the norms are hardly followed. He added, \"These days, people put up temporary stalls near streets, restaurants and shopping malls and public places to sell cell phone connections. Some even sell connections for as low as Re 1. We doubt whether they verify the customer in such counters. There should be some strict norms for such stalls to check the menace.\"As per industry sources, there are nearly 50,000 multi-brand mobile stores/distributors in the region and merely a few hundred have been cleared by DoT's Term wing. There are an estimated 20 million mobile phone users in the northeast, out of which some eighty per cent is using prepaid connections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13985781", "title": "Artist draws up mirror image of human emotions", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Rashtriya Lalit Kala Akademi hosted an exhibition of paintings on mirrors recently. Called \"Inside Outside\", the paintings were a beautiful depiction of myriad human emotions by artist Ramakanta Samantaray. His artistry lay in experimenting with a new medium. He replaced canvas with mirrors. And the result was unusual and striking.\"Mirror as a medium is engaging and interactive. Mirror not only shows the face but can also help in examining thoughts and feelings,\" said Samantaray.Among his 22 works displayed at the exhibition the most eye-catching one was a map of Odisha that was created by joining broken glass pieces and different pulses. He had also pasted photographs of global tragedies like Godhra Riots, Bhopal gas tragedy and Manipur unrest on a mirror highlighting the plight behind these tragic incidents. Samantaray took about six months to complete the series.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14000642", "title": "Better practices to improve power generation", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Ltd (UPRVUNL) has claimed of ensuring optimal generation in State sector power plants by adopting best practices.Officials have been directed to prepare overall overhauling proposals with cost improvement analysis of all power plants to achieve the maximum generation. Besides, status of coal supply along with Renovation and Modernisation works were also reviewed by MD.Managing director of UPRVUNL, Dheeraj Sahu said that the drop in power generation should be addressed immediately and that any instance of dereliction of duty would invite strict action.Sahu said that the the organisational and operational reforms recommended by consultants Ernst &amp; Young should be adhered to.It may be noted that UPRVUNL had asked Ernst &amp; Young to prepare a report based on the recommendations of NTPC and IIM Lucknow to improve the organisational and operational performance of the State utitlity.Directions have also been issued to take immediate action to ensure commercial generation from 5th unit of 250 MW Parichha and 9th unit of 250 MW Harduaganj within this month. Further, MD has instructed to take immediate action to rectify the faulty transformer of unit-1 of Anpara power plant, ensure power generation from it by June 17, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13997160", "title": "Opposition chargesheets to expose Hooda government", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In yet another move targeted to take on Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and Congress-led government in the state, the Haryana Janhit Congress and its alliance partner have formed two teams to prepare chargesheets to expose the alleged wrongs of the state government since 2005.Kuldeep Bishnoi, the Hisar MP and HJC supremo said on Sunday that the two committees headed by Ambala MLA Anil Vijh and former Bhiwani MP Jangveer Singh have been constituted to procure information through various sources.The wrongs done by this government during the tenure of Bhupinder Singh Hooda is an open secret, so far as the people of Haryana are concerned. But, the primary purpose of forming these two teams is to collect documentary evidence so that wrongdoers are taken to task at an appropriate time,'' Kuldeep Bishnoi said.The committee headed by Anil Vijh will collect information through Right to informaton (RTI) Act while team headed by former Bhiwani MP will visit all the districts to collect data related to employment opportunities provided to residents of the area as compared to the residents of Rohtak district or those areas falling under Rohtak Parliamentary constituency, the constituency represented by Deepender Hooda, son of Haryana chief minister.Bishnoi was interacting with media persons after chairing the closing ceremony of maiden training camp organized for office bearers of HJC, at Himachal Bhawan here. Reiterating that HJC-BJP alliance is the only viable alternative for the people of Haryana, Bishnoi asserted that joining of Chandermohan, the former deputy chief minister of Haryana has infused a new strength in the rank and file of the alliance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13976697", "title": "Subcontinent may stage every third World Cup", "text": "NEW DELHI: Commercial considerations may prompt the International Cricket Council (ICC) to stage every third 50-over World Cup in the subcontinent.The ICC's media rights are scheduled to go up for grabs in the 2015-2023 period and bagging a lucrative deal may be difficult without assuring buyers marquee events like a World Cup in India, which generates a majority of the game's revenues.Four of the ICC's 10 Full Members are also from the subcontinent and sources say the world body is seriously contemplating doing away with its current rotation policy to decide the World Cup host.India, of course, will get to host a major share of any World Cup in the subcontinent, just like it did in 2011.Although ICC board members haven't had an official discussion on the matter, sources say certain sections of the world body are keen on sending a proposal over to all board members for their consideration.\"We are going to give a serious thought to the subject. Between 2015 and 2023, India will surely host some important ICC event but there won't be any 50-over World Cup, which is the biggest draw for any ICC event. If the board agrees, the 2023 World Cup could be held here in the subcontinent,\" a top ICC official told TOI on Saturday.If the ICC does decide to do away with its current rotation policy to decide the World Cup host, then India -- instead of South Africa -- could host the 2023 World Cup. The 2015 and 2019 World Cups would then be co-hosted by Australia/New Zealand and England respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi/mumbai", "code": "13978728", "title": "\u2018Uncertainty on JEE pattern to affect IIT aspirants next year\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: Confusion over the HRD ministry's plan for an all-inclusive common engineering test is likely to deepen ahead of IIT senate meetings tentatively scheduled for the third week of June for Delhi and July for Bombay. IIT Roorkee director Pradipta Banerji said he and others were concerned about the impact of the ongoing confusion on aspiring candidates. \"This uncertainty is extremely unfair to the students who will be sitting for the exam in 2013.\"A senior faculty member said it might be too late for the students aiming for engineering entrance next year to re-orient themselves. \"If this new format is a disaster it will be because of this confusion and discussion that is putting undue stress on students,\" he said.HRD Minister Kapil Sibal on May 28 had announced that from 2013, aspiring candidates for IITs and other central institutes like NITs and IIITs will take a single, reformatted common entrance test. He had said class XII board results would also be factored in. Sibal had claimed it was approved without dissent at the IIT Council meeting and had the backing of the senates of four of the seven IITs. \"The council consists of the IITs, the IIITs and the NITs. There was not a single dissent. It was unanimously adopted. Therefore, I went forward,\" he had said.The IIT-Bombay's senate, which met before the HRD ministry's announcement last Monday, had put forth three main recommendations: the new exam must not be rolled out in 2013, that Class XII must not be accounted for and that the JEE-advanced exam must be subjective in nature. \"However there is a clear divide between the IIT-B senate and the ministry. We have not yet decided which way the institute will go, but clearly none of our recommendations have been considered,\" said a faculty federation member. Vacations are on and with most teachers travelling; the IIT-B senate has decided to convene in early July and take a final call on whether to bow to the ministry's proposal or to go their own \"independent autonomous way\", said a faculty member.Sources in IIT Kharagpur senate said that so far there had been no opposition to HRD's decision, but the senate may reconsider its decision following the growing opinion against the common test.IIT Delhi director R K Shevgaonkar added there would be no difficulty in implementing the new format. Sources said that while not all IIT directors may have agreed with the decision wholeheartedly, now that a final decision has been made, efforts should be made to implement it. There was mixed reaction from the coaching institutes. Though FIITJEE director R L Trikha believes that these developments won't affect his students adversely, he said that Sibal's effort for a common exam for engineering colleges had been defeated.\"So far we have not received any queries from the students. This is more because our teaching methodology is pattern proof and so whatever pattern be the exam be the students are comfortable. But the real issue is that Sibal's dream of one common exam has been defeated. He has managed just to do away with one exam by merging AIEEE with that of the IIT JEE. What about the dozens of other entrance exams? One IIT senate has already taken a bold step and other may follow soon,\" said Trikha, an alumni of IIT, Kanpur.According to TIME, another coaching centre, there is no confusion and the institute is preparing students as per the HRD directives for the common entrance test. \"Currently the students are not at all concerned with the news that IIT Kanpur is going to conduct its own entrance test. The news is just 24 hour old and we are preparing the students for last so many months. Moreover, we are convinced that how can a senate of IIT override the decisions of HRD ministry?\" said vice president, TIME, Ajay Anthony.(With inputs from Himanshi Dhawan, Hemali Chhapia &amp; Manash Pratim Gohain)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13981396", "title": "Brothers arrested for credit card forgery", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Crime branch officials have arrested brother duo - Hukamsinh Rao and Vikramsinh Rao -from Rajasthan for the forgery using cloned credit cards. The duo was brought to Ahmedabad on Saturday.The brothers were already placed under arrest in Rajasthan in a case of loot, kidnapping and robbery. Interestingly, the brothers are businessmen in Rajasthan where they run an ice-cream factory and mineral water plant.Crime branch ACP K N Patel said that the brothers were arrested after their involvement in cloned credit card forgery was revealed by driver of a car which was intercepted by police at Shivranjani cross roads on May 21 this year.Police had found a cache of credit cards of different companies, mobile phones and driving licenses. During interrogation, driver Devanand Kok revealed that the credit cards belonged to three people - Mohabbat Sinh, one Qasim based in Rajasthan and Ahmedabad-based Brijesh Patel. The driver said that this trio used to use fake credit cards to buy expensive items from different malls in the city.Police apprehended the trio who revealed that the cloned credit cards were provided to them by the Rao brothers. Sub-inspector of cyber cell T R Bhatt was sent to Rajasthan where the brothers were taken into custody and brought to Ahmedabad crime branch on Saturday.Police said that brothers will be grilled to find out more about the Nigerian from whom they got the cloned credit cards and the number of forgeries that they have committed.Nigerian tricks bamboozle policeThe Nigerian scam is ubiquitous if you are a mobile phone or internet user. Nigerians have now become technology-provider of sorts specializing in cloning credit cards which they in turn sell to local cheats to make a quick buck. Earlier, police had nabbed two Nigerians involved in the crime where police had also recovered a huge stash of blank credit cards and cloning machine. Police believe that Nigerians, who mostly run such lottery scams, are increasing their presence in western India, with special emphasis on cities like Ahmedabad and Surat. \"Nigerian nationals have pioneered the technology to misuse the credit card information either in form of cloning it or using the credit car and CVV number for online transactions,\" said a crime branch official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13982612", "title": "Indian animation on a high at French fest", "text": "BANGALORE: Madagascar 3 has a Bangalore connect, just as last year's Puss in Boots did. Technicolor, the DreamWorks dedicated unit in Bangalore, has done a significant amount of the animation and visual effects for the third installment in the franchise about a group of escaped zoo animals. So, you may see a long line of Indian names as the credits roll at the end of the movie which released on Friday.TOI wrote last December about the contribution that Technicolor had made to Puss in Boots. The work they did for Madagascar 3 is even more, say people in Technicolor. The company has animators, lighting artists, special effects experts, atmosphere and volume metric experts, and image rendering specialists. It also has secondary animation experts for creating foliage , fur, hair, dust, fire, hay, particles and simulation for water, waves, wind and air.Thanks to such animation work the Bangalore industry is now doing for international films, the Association of Bangalore Animation Industry (ABAI) received an invite to the Annecy International Animation Film Festival in France from June 4-9. It's said to be the first time an Indian team is being invited to the event, one of four international festivals sponsored by the International Animated Film Association. Interestingly , the fest opened this year with a sneak preview of Madagascar 3.Biren Ghose, president of ABAI and country head of Technicolor India, led the five-member delegation from ABAI. Ghose said the seriousness the Karnataka government had shown to the animation industry by introducing an animation policy had also helped secure the invite.\"Our participation puts Indian animation on a global platform. Creating a bridge between Annecy and India has been a longcherished Indian dream. My team and I are delighted to make this a reality. It'll provide greater opportunities for developing creative and business collaboration,\" said Ghose, who spoke exclusively to TOI from Annecy.At Annecy, ABAI signed a memorandum of understanding with CITIA, an entity acting as a resource and expertise centre in the field of moving images covering culture, economy, training and research. \"It's an international connection for Indian animation,\" Ghose said. Tiziana Loschi, managing director, CITIA, said the Annecy festival has taken leadership across all animation genres. Producers, studios, broadcasters, buyers, distributors, software developers and training institutions can all benefit from the congregation of professionals at Annecy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13977503", "title": "Justice Chandra Kumar calls for tough laws to seize ill-gotten wealth", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice Chandra Kumar of the high court has observed that Parliament should enact new laws so that ill-gotten wealth is confiscated and utilized for education, health and other public purposes.The judge made these observations while granting five-day custody of Jaganmohan Reddy to CBI in the disproportionate assets case last week. However, in an observation aimed at the CBI, the judge said that the probe agency should register different FIRs for different offences.\"We cannot forget the fact that economic offences destroy the economic fabric of this country and all such offences have to be dealt with iron hand. Not only fair and proper investigation has to be done, but all ill-gotten wealth, wherever it is hidden in any form, that is, either in the form of shares, currency, gold, diamonds etc., have to be unearthed and confiscated in the interest of the country. \"When millions of poor people are suffering from hunger and millions of youths are facing unemployment, such economic offences cannot be compared with ordinary crimes. The Cente should consider this aspect seriously and enact necessary laws or amend the existing one.\"It is for Parliament to make necessary laws or amend the present laws to facilitate proper investigation of economic offences and confiscation of illegal wealth in the larger interests of this great country,\" Justice Chandra Kumar observed.Referring to the arrest of Jagan, the judge said: \"All political parties should have equal opportunities to participate in election campaigns and no one should be arrested and harassed unnecessarily, unless there is a bona fide need.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13994251", "title": "Congress will be wiped out in 2012 polls: Narendra Modi", "text": "RAJKOT: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi on Sunday launched a scathing attack on the UPA govt and said that the Congress will be wiped out in the 2012 assembly elections. Modi said he was optimistic about winning the assembly elections due in the state.\"We have been winning elections since 2002 and Gujarat has turned electoral politics into developmental politics. People will vote us to power again this year,\" Modi said addressing the state executive meeting.Targeting the Congress over corruption, Modi said the compulsion of coalition politics was preventing the party from acting against corruption.The Gujarat chief minister also hinted at change at the Centre and said the people of the country were fed up with the UPA govt. Taking a dig at the UPA, Gujarat chief minister said the Manmohan Singh govt had not realised that their boat was sinking.\"If you cannot bring the prices down, at least bring it to that level where our Atal Behari Vajpayee (former prime minister) left it,\" he said.He said the rupee had been devalued not due to the weakness in the economy but due to UPA's corruption.There were reports of anti-modi protests outside the meeting venue. According to Times Now, police arrested pro-Sanjay Joshi protesters who were shouting slogans against the chief minister.Meanwhile, the poster war within the BJP continued on Sunday with more pro-Sanjay Joshi posters and others apparently targeting Narendra Modi appearing in various parts of Rajkot city.Reflecting a deep divide within the BJP on Sanjay Joshi's exit from the party, this is the third time after Joshi's unceremonious exit from the BJP's National Executive that posters have appeared in Gujarat in support of Joshi.The posters that came up on Sunday near the venue of state BJP executive meeting venue at Atmiya college campus here said \"Sanjay Joshi aage badho, hum tumhare saath hai\" (Sanjay Joshi go ahead, we are with you).Few posters targeting Modi also appeared in the city which read \"Follow Raj dharma, and party dharma\".Though Modi's name was not mentioned on the posters, they were apparently targeted at the chief minister, as former Prime Minister A B Vajpayee had advised him to follow 'Raj dharma' after the 2002 riots.Earlier, posters supporting Joshi and targeting Modi appeared in Ahmedabad a couple of times.Baffled over the source of the posters, the BJP started an inquiry, but has not able to find out culprit so far.Joshi, who was first removed from the BJP national executive meet, had quit the party last Friday.He had reportedly told that he had quit the party due to \"pressure being exerted on party leadership by Modi\".(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13987218", "title": "18 DMs, 15 HoDs shifted in IAS shuffle", "text": "Patna: In a major administrative reshuffle, the state government on late Friday evening shifted 18 district magistrates and 15 heads of different departments.Principal secretary (education) Anjani K Singh has been shifted to the department of agriculture. Singh will hold the additional charge of art, culture and sports in the same capacity. Principal secretary (health) Amarjeet Sinha has replaced Singh in the education department.Principal secretary (parliamentary affairs) Phul Singh has been transferred to the panchayati raj department whose present incumbent Manoj K Srivastava would look after the parliamentary affairs department. Principal secretary (labour resources department) Vyasji has replaced Sinha in the health department. Vyasji would hold additional charge of the disaster management department.Principal secretary of the animal husbandry and fisheries department Sudhir Kumar has been shifted to the urban development and housing department whose present incumbent Shashi Shekhar Sharma would replace Kumar.Principal secretary of the transport department R K Mahajan would hold the additional charge of the state transport commissioner. Amrit Lal Meena, who was waiting for posting, has been made the new secretary of the labour resources department. Principal secretary of the general administration department Deepak Kumar would hold the additional charge of the information and public relations department.State transport commissioner Rahul Singh has been made the project director of the Bihar education project council. Two senior IAS officials - Sunil Barthwal (currently additional member of departmental inquiries) and Bipin Kumar (chairman of the Bihar Rajya Pul Nirman Nigam) \u2014 have been made resident commissioners in New Delhi. The present incumbent, Alok Vardhan Chaturvedi, has been asked to report to the department of general administration.Madhubani DM Sanjeev Hans has been made the chairman of the Bihar Rajya Pul Nirman Nigam while additional commissioner of the commercial taxes department D K Srivastava would look after the tourism department in the capacity of its director.Bhagalpur DM Narmadeshwar Lal has been made Darbhanga DM while Begusarai DM Jitendra Srivastava has been shifted to Vaishali in the same capacity. Vaishali DM Prem Singh Meena has gone to Bhagalpur while Siwan DM Lokesh K Singh has been made the project director of the Bihar Rajya Gram Swaraj Society. Singh would hold the additional charge of the panchayati raj department.Kaimur DM Aswanga Chuwa Aao has been asked to report to the headquarters while Darbhanga DM R Lakhmanan has been made the director of the midday meal scheme in the education department. Sheikhpura DM Birendra Prasad Yadav has been shifted to Katihar while Buxar DM Ajay Yadav has been made the project director of the Kosi Rehabilitation and Reconstruction Society. Banka DM Adesh Titarmare has been shifted to Madhubani while Katihar DM Ms Ashwini Dattaray has been transferred to Sitamarhi.Sitamarhi DM Daya Nidhi Pandey has been made the new excise commissioner-cum-IG (registration). DDC Nalanda Jay Singh has been made the Kaimur DM while Bettiah DDC Sanjay K Singh has been shifted to Sheikhpura as DM.Samastipur DDC Deepak Anand has been made Banka DM while Patna DDC Manoj Kumar has been shifted to Begusarai as DM. Gaya DDC Gopal Meena has been transferred to Siwan as DM while Muzaffarpur DDC Vinod Singh Gunjiyal would take over as the Buxar DM. Sherghati (Gaya) DDC Ashima Jain has been made the new Patna DDC.Bhagalpur DM Narmadeshwar Lal has been made Darbhanga DM while Begusarai DM Jitendra Srivastava has been shifted to Vaishali in the same capacity. Vaishali DM Prem Singh Meena has gone to Bhagalpur while Siwan DM Lokesh K Singh has been made the project director of the Bihar Rajya Gram Swaraj Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13978041", "title": "Theatre was his inherited wealth", "text": "DHARWAD: Acting came naturally to Enagi Nataraj, who breathed his last on Saturday morning.His father Enagi Balappa owned a professional theatre company and toured the state performing dramas. Nataraj first acted as a child artiste in Basaveshwar Mahatme. He was the first batch trainee of Ninasam of Heggodu.Nataraj carved a niche for himself with his excellent acting in Kannada plays 'Haddu Needida Haadi', 'Nata Samrat', 'Jagajyoti Basaveshwar', 'Burjwa Gentleman', 'Policeriddare Echharike' and 'Oedipus', among others.He started a theatre troupe 'Mela' but it was shortlived.After venturing into business for a few years, Nataraj returned to acting and worked with actor-director Nagabharana as an associate for 15 years in cinema. He worked at Rangayana Mysore and Calicut University, Kerala, as an acting teacher for a few years before turning to the small screen.Serials like 'Mahanavami', 'Sankranti', 'Naku Tanti', 'Kinnari' and 'Idu Entha Lokavayya' made Nataraj a household name in Karnataka. He also acted in films like 'Bheema Teerada Hantakaru', 'Savitri', 'Neela' and 'Singaravva Mattu Aramane'.He's the recipient of several prestigious awards, including the Karnataka Nataka Academy award. After Dharwad Rangayana was made an autonomous unit, Nataraj was appointed director last year.Nataraj had been preparing an action plan for programmes to be organized through the year by Rangayana with the special grant of Rs 75 lakh sanctioned by chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda.He wanted to hold weekend theatre in public places developed by the district administration and organize district-level drama festivals. Staging the mega sound-and-light show of Kittur Rani Chenamma on the lines of Marathi play 'Janata Raja' was Nataraj's dream but it did not materialize.Minister for Kannada and culture Govind Karjol, Dharwad MP Prahlad Joshi, RDPR minister Jagadish Shettar and others expressed their grief at the demise.Nataraj, 54, director of Dharwad Rangayana, is survived by nonagenarian theatre personality father Enagi Balappa, mother Laxmidevi, wife and two sons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13983248", "title": "Land dispute nailed Verma?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dispute over a land bank of over 100 hectares bought by controversial businessman Abhishek Verma and his associates along the Yamuna Expressway may have been a trigger, leading US attorney C Edmonds Allen bringing Verma's deals to the notice of Indian investigators. According to sources, the land bank was bought by Verma, Allen and other associates a few years ago.Verma's wife Ancia Neascu, Allen and others were involved in the deal. Later, differences arose among the partners about what to do with the land, the price of which had shot up after the expressway development took off.While Verma wanted to develop a township there, Allen and others probably wanted to dispose of the land. The CBI was looking at several such deals as also companies of Verma and his wife Neascu, who have been booked for receiving $530,000 from Rheinmetall Air Defence (RAD) AG to get it removed from the ministry of defence blacklist.A city court on Saturday remanded both Verma and his newly wed Romanian wife to seven days CBI custody, a day after both were arrested.In the latest CBI case against him, Verma has been accused of receiving payments from RAD for using his influence to stall the blacklisting proceedings initiated by the government against it after the Ordnance Factory Board (OFB) scam surfaced.RAD was among the six defence firms that were suspected of bribing former OFB chairman Sudipto Ghosh, and are now blacklisted.The CBI produced the couple before the special CBI court and sought their custody for 12 days saying that the investigation in the case is going on and they need to unearth the entire conspiracy.In its remand application, the CBI said they need custody of the accused to confront them with the emails and the documents seized during the investigation.The court directed the CBI to get the accused medically examined in a government hospital on Saturday and after every 48 hours while they are in the agency's custody. It also allowed Verma's counsel to meet them everyday for 30 minutes in the CBI custody.Advocate Vijay Aggarwal, appearing for the couple, opposed the CBI's remand application, saying that the agency had searched their premises on June 7 and his clients were in the CBI's office since Friday morning.The counsel said that the freedom of his clients has been restrained by the CBI for the last two days and said that even the case diary produced before the court is not as contemplated under the Criminal Procedure Code.\"They want to have my remand for 12 days only to know the passwords of the email ids. The CBI should be more responsible in seeking remand,\" the lawyer argued, accusing the agency of illegally seizing the passport of Ancia Neascu. He said she wants to meet the Romanian ambassador in the capital.Opposing the remand application for Neascu, Aggarwal argued that her arrest was illegal as she was taken into custody by a male officer, that too after sunset, at 7.15pm on Friday. The lawyer alleged his clients were subjected to \"third degree torture\" by the agency \"to extract their confession and disclose something which they do not know\".\"Both my clients are ready to give statement that whatever they knew about this FIR, they have already told the police. Now nothing remains which require their custody,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13985861", "title": "Helplines seldom help in Panchkula", "text": "PANCHKULA: Helpline numbers seldom help the Panchkulites. Friday's incident of fire that broke out in the Sector 15 market has exposed the fact that not even a single helpline number, whether it is for the police or fire or ambulance, connects at the time of need.Taking serious note of the incident, Panchkula MC has decided to tell people not to rely on these helpline numbers, instead, assured them that they would be displaying simple landline numbers in various sectors for help.It was on Friday morning when a major fire broke out in the market of Sector 15, Panchkula, and the helpless shopkeepers kept calling 101 number, but it did not materialize. Then the shopkeepers called at the 100 number to contact the police but that number also did not materialize. The fire brigade officials could be contacted when someone went there. The whole exercise wasted crucial 45 minutes.\"We just know basic emergency numbers like 100,101 and 102. Who knows the other landline number? Recently, when my uncle met with an accident, I called 100 number and it got connected at the Karnal police control room,\" said Raju Luthria, a resident of Sector 7, Panchkula.Vinod Kumar, a shopkeeper of Sector 15 who suffered huge losses due to Friday's fire incident, said, \"We almost half-an-hour we tried contacting the fire brigade, but the number did not connect. Had the number been working properly we would have not suffered so much loss.\"MC executive officer O P Sihag, said, \"This problem is being faced for long. We have decided to display simple landline numbers in various sectors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13997892", "title": "Kate Winslet to receive CBE in Queen's birthday honours list", "text": "Kate Winslet will be receiving a CBE, 100 years after the sinking of the ship Titanic that helped make her famous, for her \"significant contribution\" to modern cinema.The 36-year-old Oscar-winning actress will get the gong in the Queen's Birthday Honours List unveiled on Saturday, the Sydney Morning Herald reported.TV choirmaster Gareth Malone, who performed at the Queen's Diamond Jubilee concert, will be receiving an OBE for raising awareness of the sacrifice of Britain's armed forces.The ' Sense and Sensibility ' star Kate shot to stardom in 1997 after her ' Titanic ' role as socialite Rose DeWitt Bukater alongside Leonardo DiCaprio , who played the role of Jack Dawson .Their screen fling made the tale of the liner, sunk by an iceberg in 1912 at the cost of 1,517 lives, one of the biggest movies ever.It won 11 Oscars and raked in 1.14 billion pounds at the box office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13979217", "title": "National Archive Day: Rare photos, papers displayed", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rare documents and photographs related to freedom struggle, revolutionaries and freedom fighters are on display at the state archives. They are part of an exhibition, which was inaugurated on Saturday at the UP State Archives on the occasion of National Archive Day.Besides, Uttar Pradesh, stalls of some other states have also been put up in the exhibition, which will remain open for the public till June 15. The UP stall has put on display documents and photographs as well as old newspapers related to Kakori conspiracy case, Chauri-Chaura incident and attachment of property of Begum Hazrat Mahal among other things.\"With the help of digitisation and micro films not only can we maintain the archives, but make the society aware about its rich culture,\" said Manoj Kumar Singh, secretary, department of culture, after inauguration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13986896", "title": "Action against vehicle lifters needed", "text": "VARANASI: Despite the claims regarding tightening noose on the criminals, the senior cops are still worried as their subordinates are helpless against the vehicle lifters and chain snatchers.When the IG Zone Brij Bhushan reviewed the crime scene of Varanasi zone on the eve of arrival of director general of police and principal secretary home on Saturday the same facts surfaced. He said that there was improvement in working out the pending cases of crime since the past one month. But, there is a need for preparing fresh strategies to put a check on the menace of vehicle lifters and chain snatchers, said Brij Bhushan. He further added that a large number of missing and kidnapped girls have been rescued but more effective action is required for the rescue of kidnapped girls.The delay in ascertaining the identity of persons, whose bodies had been found in different districts of the zone in past one-two months is a serious cause of worry, said the IG. He said that to ensure early completion of this exercise he has summoned the officers from all the districts with the photographs and other details of such bodies. He said that the cops would also bring the photograph and other details of missing and kidnapped persons in order to match with the photographs and details of the unidentified bodies. He said that this exercise could prove helpful in solving many cases of kidnapping and missing while identity of abandoned bodies could also be ascertained.The IG said that measures like pro-active policing to put a check on crime cases, which mainly takes place in old enmities and local disputes, had started yielding positive results. According to him, 1403 cases of such nature had been identified and the officers from SP rank to station officers have met those people in past one month. This exercise resulted in disposal of 122 cases on compromise basis while notices were issued to bound down 1136 persons while 776 were bound down to ensure that they are not indulging in violence. He said that the efforts like surprise checking of jails had been conducted at all districts except Jaunpur and Ballia while similar checking of Kutchehris are also continuing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "india's only swimwear designers shivan and narresh help nona walia understand the mechanics of how indian women should choose and wear swimsuits. it's tough to find a woman who thinks she looks perfect in a swimsuit. indian women, especially, have had to make do with designs dished out by international brands tailor-made to suit the bodies of european and american women. \"indian women have beautiful feminine curves. they tend to have a smaller torso, and fuller bust and hips,\" say india's first swimwear designer duo shivan bhatiya and narresh kukreja. after an intensive 10-month-long research on the indian female anatomy, the two came up with a swimsuit bodice block that sits perfectly on the indian woman's frame. that is their secret to making indigenous designer swimwear. 3 questions for the experts a trick that helps a woman mask her curves? indian women have fascinating curves. why shy away from them? the first step is to accept your shape. you can't wear a swimsuit without this confidence. don't", "code": "13992850", "title": "What\u2019s the sexiest swimsuit made for your body?", "text": "India's only swimwear designers Shivan and Narresh help Nona Walia understand the mechanics of how Indian women should choose and wear swimsuits. It's tough to find a woman who thinks she looks perfect in a swimsuit. Indian women, especially, have had to make do with designs dished out by international brands tailor-made to suit the bodies of European and American women. \"Indian women have beautiful feminine curves. They tend to have a smaller torso, and fuller bust and hips,\" say India's first swimwear designer duo Shivan Bhatiya and Narresh Kukreja. After an intensive 10-month-long research on the Indian female anatomy, the two came up with a swimsuit bodice block that sits perfectly on the Indian woman's frame. That is their secret to making indigenous designer swimwear. 3 Questions for the experts A trick that helps a woman mask her curves? Indian women have fascinating curves. Why shy away from them? The first step is to accept your shape. You can't wear a swimsuit without this confidence. Don't: Hide your curvy bottom under a tutu skirt or boy shorts. Go for: Higher cuts at the hip that accentuate the length of your legs and shift focus away from the heaviness. What should she carry in her bag for a beach getaway? A pair of wedge heels, sunglasses, a large hat, scarf, sarong and an iPad clutch. How can she use colours and prints to her advantage? Pick swimwear that suits your age. Solid colour blocking works for all age groups, but is recommended for older women since it has a sense of sophistication. Prints work well for middle-aged women. Shape of fruits helps you make the right choice Apple-shaped women (heavy on top, slim waist down): Wear one-shoulder maillots (one-piece swimsuit), twin-shoulder maillots with deep necklines, preferably with diagonal lines in contrasting colours. Halter styles offer support to heavy-busted women. Pear-shaped (Slim on top, heavier waist down): Diagonal-cut maillots and styles in darker colours and off-shoulder swimsuits work. For slight-busted women: Padded and ruffled style swimsuits help since they make you look fuller, and divert attention towards ornamentation. Halter bandeaus and triangular bikinis lend an illusion of a fuller bust. Banana shaped (rectangular frame with bust, waist and hips are more or less equal): Go for tankinis (above), bikinis and trikinis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13981200", "title": "Activists want Perne toll booth closed by July 15", "text": "PUNE: Some city-based organizations have alleged irregularities at the Perne toll booth on the Pune-Ahmednagar road and have demanded its closure by July 15.The agitators include a group of warkaris led by Bandatatya Karadkar, Krantiveer Prathisthan, the Poona District Motor Goods Transport Association, Nagarik Kruti Manch of Ahmednagar, Shetkari Sanghatna, Sajag Nagrik Manch and Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat.Addressing a news conference on Saturday, Karadkar said, \"We think the toll booth operators are favoured by the state government. The vehicle count we did in the month of February this year has revealed that more number of vehicles pass through toll booths than the estimated figure of the state government. If the booth operating company is collecting more money, then the toll charges should be cut down or the booth should be closed down. If there is no positive response to our demand from the state government, we will stop functioning of the booth from July 15.\"Pramod Mohole, another activist, said, \"On seeking information from the state government, I was surprised to know that the state public works department does not have accurate figures about total expenditure on roads, details on roads developed on build operate transfer (BoT) basis and actual toll collection through booths. It is necessary that the government explain the purpose behind revising toll rates. For instance, the estimated cost of Pune-Shirur stretch of the road was Rs 78 crore, but within few months it was revised to Rs 108 crore. It looks suspicious.\"Some members of the organizations had conducted a vehicle count at the Perne phata toll plaza on the Pune-Ahmednagar highway between January 26 and February 2. The findings said that despite three holidays in that week, the average daily toll collection on the highway was Rs 13 lakh. Earlier, a memorandum was submitted to the state government in November demanding toll collection be stopped. Since there was no response, the organizations decided to conduct a vehicle count and check toll collection at one toll plaza.The organizations also said that toll charges in neighbouring states like Karnataka and Gujarat were low and the quality of roads was better.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "memphis (tennessee)", "code": "13998872", "title": "Atwal moves up, Chopra slips down in US", "text": "MEMPHIS (Tennessee): Indian golfer Arjun Atwal jumped from 52nd place to tied 39th spot after he had an eventful round with a bunch of birdies as well as a number of bogeys as he carded an even par 70 in the third round of the St. Jude Classic on the PGA Tour.Atwal, who began with a 67 on first day and followed that with a 74, is now one-over 211 for three days.Meanwhile, Daniel Chopra slipped the leaderboard with a card of 71. He had two birdies and three bogeys as he slipped from 12th to 20th.Atwal had a bogey on second and a double bogey on fourth to be three-over at that stage. He had two more bogeys on sixth and tenth, but five birdies on fifth, seventh, ninth, 11th and 13th saved him from more agony as conditions got tougher with the greens firming up at the TPC Southwind course.Veteran Davis Love III , now 48 years in age, and the U.S. Ryder Cup captain, shot his third straight 2-under 68 yesterday to join Nick O'Hern (67) and John Merrick (69) atop the leaderboard. He has not won since 2008.Rory McIlroy , who will defend his U.S. Open title next week at The Olympic Club in San Francisco, had a one-stroke lead when he teed off. He shot a 72 in a round that featured six bogeys and four birdies to drop in a tie for fourth at five-under, one behind the three leaders.Dustin Johnson making his second start after a two and a half month layoff recovering from back pain, also was in the group at five-under after a 67 that included a bogey on No. 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13978071", "title": "Unkal lake garden inaugurated", "text": "HUBLI: The renovated Unkal tank garden was inaugurated on Saturday, amid tight security. Law minister Suresh Kumar inaugurated the garden renovated at a cost of Rs 8 crore.Tension prevailed for a few hours in Unkal when residents and JD(S) members opposed the inauguration of the renovated Unkal lake garden.The protesters alleged that drain water from Navanagar area flows into the lake thereby spoiling the beauty of the lake.The agitating members came in a procession and assembled at the venue holding black flags. However, police brought the situation under control and pacified the protesters.District minister Jagadish Shettar, DC Darpan Jain MP Prahlad Joshi, many others were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13977818", "title": "Keralites trying to kick alcoholism: Alcoholics Anonymous", "text": "KOCHI: Though Kerala has a large population of alcoholics, many are joining de-addiction programmes to break this habit, according to data available with Alcoholics Anonymous (AA).\"The number of people frequenting our centres almost doubles every year. Most of them are in the 25-35 age group, proving the fact that youth are more victimized by chronic alcoholism ,\" said Dr C Gopalan, a guide at AA.This organization, which has branches all over the world, will celebrate its 78th anniversary on Sunday with 'Gratitude Day'. AA plans to join hands with schools to conduct awareness programs so students don't pick up this habit.\"Anyone who wants to stay away from alcohol can join us,\" said Ramachandran who works in Nirvana AA group. No medicines are used to treat this problem and people voluntarily curb their habit by avoiding alcohol everyday while sharing their experiences with others, he said. The details of AA members are not disclosed and records here have only their surnames.Dr Gopalan said that though some members find it difficult to quit drinking, many members have kicked their drinking habit. \"Alcoholism is a deep-rooted evil that not only harms the victim but also their family and society. So we are trying to bring down their numbers,\" said George, who works for AA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13988005", "title": "Educated candidates embark on political path in civic polls", "text": "Allahabad: From engineer to BEd degree holder to postgraduates, there is no dearth of educated candidates who have jumped into the fray for local bodies elections.Statistics show there has been an increase in the number of candidates with good educational background as well as those hailing from affluent families who are contesting local bodies elections in the city.Some of these candidates have roped in management gurus to better their electoral prospects.While candidates are relying on door-to-door campaign, they are making every effort to apprise voters about their educational background.Sunil Nishad, who is contesting for corporator's post from Daraganj, is an engineer, while Neeru Keshari, who holds a BEd degree, is contesting for corporator's post from Bakshi Khurd ward.Candidates holding PhD degree and law graduates too are in the fray.An MSc degree holding contestant preferring anonymity said, \"I had been preparing for elections for the past two years and if I win I would work for people, and if I lose, I would again try my luck in the next elections.\"\"What's wrong if young blood makes an effort to understand ground-level politics,\" asked Kumar, a contestant, adding: \"Educated youth should come forward to join politics as they will be giving a new direction to youth.\"A senior administrative official told TOI, \"There has been a remarkable rise in educated candidates in this year's local bodies elections. Those who belong to rural background and have spent a good portion of their lives in city or villages, have the desire to contest polls either after their services or after completing their education.\"Going by the nomination papers, most of the candidates are either intermediate passouts or have BEd degree.More than 600 candidates have filed nominations for the post of corporators in the district.\"It's a good sign that educated people are coming into politics. Educated people can give a better direction to the country,\" said a retired railway official RK Pandey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13981101", "title": "Now, Gujarat varsity teachers' body ousts K S Shastri", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former Gujarat University vice-chancellor K S Shastri was unanimously voted out from the post of the president of Gujarat University Area Teachers' Association (GUATA), an umbrella body of all college teachers of the university.Earlier, Shastri had been voted out from the post of the president of Gujarat State Federation of University and College Teachers' Association.Shastri, 76, controlled both the associations for 25 years. A meeting of GUATA was held on Saturday at the Gujarat University Senate hall. However, Shastri claimed that this was not the official meeting of the GUATA and said that meeting would be held later this month.The development marks the end of an era. The septuagenarian academician has lost considerable ground in the university politics over the past few years.During the meeting J S Prajapati, a professor in Samarpan College, Gandhinagar , was elected by voice vote as the president of GUATA. Prajapati is said to be close to Congress leader Shankarsinh Vaghela who is also the trustee of an arts and commerce college.\"We had informed all members about the meeting over the phone and by SMS,\" Prajapati said. \"Even Shastri was informed. But he remained absent from the meeting. We had demanded that a meeting of the GUATA should be called, but Shastri and his men paid no heed. On Saturday, in accordance with the agenda, the election was held.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13981449", "title": "Rajasthan University of Health Sciences announces cut off for MBBS", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after announcing the result of Rajasthan Pre-Medical Test (RPMT-2012), Rajasthan University of Health Sciences (RUHS) on Saturday announced that those who scored upto 50 percentile are eligible for MBBS course.A percentile (or centile) is the value of a variable below which a certain per cent of observations fall.The term percentile and the related term percentile rank are often used in the reporting of scores from norm-referenced tests.In a bid to fill the vacant seats in the state-run medical colleges, this year, the RUHS planned to announce candidates eligible for admission in MBBS who obtained upto 50 percentile. This is the first time when the RUHS held the online test and announced the result in percentile form.Besides, the seats may be increased in government medical colleges and also in private medical colleges. RPMT 2012 convenor Dr D K Gupta said, \"The seats in government medical colleges in the state are 940 but this may be increased at the time of counselling which will be organized in July. Similarly, the seats in private medical colleges and dental colleges could also be increased.\"An RUHS official said the counselling for admission would be conducted in July.He said the Medical Council of India has made an amendment (Regulations on Graduate Medical Education, Amendment) and issued a notification which states that in respect of candidates belonging to Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes and Other Backward Castes, the minimum marks shall be at 45th percentile for becoming eligible for admission in MBBS. Since, the RUHS has organized the test online for the first time following that the MCI has also made the amendment on eligibility criteria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13981895", "title": "RTO for e-meters in black-&amp;-yellow cabs", "text": "MUMBAI: RTO officials are keen on e-meters being made mandatory for old Premier Padmini taxis and plan to propose this to the state government so that all cabs in Mumbai\u2014old and new\u2014compulsorily switch over to the electronic device.A senior RTO official from Wadala said, \"The Premier Padmini taxis were exempted from the e-meter rule as there was a shortage of the device in the market. Recently, the transport department authorized 11 meter manufacturers to instal e-meters in new autos and those arriving for annual fitness tests. Now that e-meters are easily available in the market, the device should be made compulsory for all taxis.\"At present, taxis with mechanical meters are under no compulsion to switch over to e-meters. The installation of the device is mandatory for new vehicles and this is why you find e-meters mainly in Eecos, Santros and Wagon-R.Taxi unions are opposed to e-meters being made mandatory for all cabs. The final decision on e-meters will be taken by the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Transport Authority.Meanwhile, taxi union leader A L Quadros said the minimum fare should be increased to Rs 20. \"If there is a Rs 2 hike (from Rs 17 to Rs 19), passengers may not get back Re 1 from drivers. If there is a future revision in fare, it should be by Rs 3,\" he said.Consumer activist G R Vora opposed any hike in taxi fares, saying they are not well maintained. \"The RTO should make it compulsory for cabbies to paste the annual fitness certificate inside the vehicle. If a passenger finds a taxi in a bad condition, he/she can lodge a complaint based on the fitness certificate number,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13987120", "title": "'Netas' vie to hail Mukhiyaji", "text": "Patna: Politicians of different hues, but belonging to a particular caste, cutting cross their political affiliation are making a beeline for Khopira village in Bhojpur district these days to mourn the murder of Brahmeshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji, founder of the dreaded private army of landlords, Ranvir Sena. They are eulogizing Mukhiyaji, who was gunned down by unknown assailants on June 1 near his home in Katira locality in Ara town, the district headquarters of Bhojpur.Among the obeisance payers was the minister of animal husbandry and fisheries resources development department, Giriraj Singh, who went to the extent of calling Mukhiyaji, an accused in several cases of massacres, a 'Gandhian'. The BJP leader accused RJD chief Lalu Prasad of indulging in character assassination of the Sena founder. \"Lalu called him a murderer to scare a section of the society. In fact, Mukhiyaji was the man who relentlessly tried to unite peasants and workers to create a healthy social order,\" Singh said.Singh's remarks invited filing of a case in the court of chief judicial magistrate, Bhagalpur, against him for calling a man accused of the murder of over 200 people a Gandhian. The complaint case has been admitted for hearing on June 22. Singh said he has heard about this case and that he has all respect for the judiciary.\"There is no legal or constitutional definition of Gandhian. I called Brahmeshwar a Gandhian in view of his life and works. Political attempts had been made to malign him and he was implicated in 22 criminal cases, of which he was acquitted in 16 cases,\" the BJP leader said.JD (U) MP from Jehanabad, Jagdish Sharma called Brahmeshwar 'Avtari purush (haloed person)'. During his visit to Khopira village, Sharma said, \"People like Brahmeshwar are born rarely. It is the law of the nature that good people leave the world early. He always carried Ramayan and Bhagwat Gita in his cloth bag.\"A number of MPs and legislators have already toured Khopira village and a large congregation is expected on his 'shraddh' on June 13. Like animal husbandry resources minister, who confirmed his plan to attend the 'shraddh', many politicians are likely to make Khopira village their destination that day. Akhil Bhartiya Rashtravadi Kisan Sangathan, the organization established by Brahmeshwar, is in the forefront of organizing the rituals and expects a congregation of 50,000 people.Ironically, the Special Investigation Team, probing into the murder, suspects the hand of some JD (U) leaders in the crime and their role and activities, including telephonic talks hours before and after the killing, are under the scanner. A few persons close to them have already been held and undergoing interrogation. The CBI, which still has not taken up the case, had sent an official of DIG rank to Ara for an on-the-spot assessment. The official is expected to submit his report to the CBI director, who will take a final call on taking up the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13999390", "title": "Monsoons yet to come to South Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: Though the city has seen intermittent rains for the ast four days, that brought an end to the heat wave, South Bengal has been reeling under, monsoons are still a few days away.The Alipore meteorological office is yet to see the cumulo nimbus clouds that is associated with the monsoons. The movement of the monsoon clouds have been very slow in the absence of proper winds currents that will bring the monsoons from the South to the East. Incidentally, the monsoons hit Kerala about a week back, but thereafter the cloud movement has been very slow.The heat wave in South Bengal killed over a 100 people, which is unprecendented in Bengal. A few spells of pre-monsoon showers due to localised cloud formations brought temporary relief to the city. However, the temperature hovered around 40 degrees accompanied with high humidity content for at least 15 days now causing the discomfort index to go up sizeably.Sunday's shower raised hopes of the monsoon finally arriving, but the met office did not indicate that. Weather experts however said that the current is picking up pushing the monsoon clouds towards the east and in all likelihood the monsoons would arrive by mid next week.The showers that the state is experiencing are the result of localised thundercloud formation. This is accompanied with a lot of thunder and lightning and quite a number of people have been thunderstruck and killed. Such intermittent rain will continue till the monsoons come and there are apparently no chances of the heat wave returning now.Monsoons have however arrived in North Bengal on time and rains have been lashing the hills, Jalpaiguri and Coochbehar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13986898", "title": "Model code of conduct implemented", "text": "VARANASI: With the completion of nomination process after the publication of final list of candidates for the Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN), Ramnagar Palika Parishad (RPP) and Gangapur Nagar Panchayat (GNP) the district election officer Samir Verma has fixed June 14 as the deadline for the submission of revised list of sensitive and highly sensitive wards. The two-day special drive for the removal of poster, banners and hoardings as part of model code of conduct implementation exercise also kicked off on Saturday.The district election officer informed that a total of 16 candidates would contest election for the post of mayor while 660 candidates would contest the election in 90 wards of VNN to become corporators.According to him as per the revised elector roll of local body election 10,85,295 voters including 5,95,825 male and 4,89,470 female electors would decide the fate of candidates in VNN area. The VNN area has been divided in five zones including Trans Varuna, Bhelupur, Dashaswamedh, Kotwali and Adampura for the polling arrangements.He further added that for the post of chairman of RPP, 12 candidates are in the fray while 127 candidates are contesting in 25 sectors. Three candidates are contesting for the position of chairman of GNP while 24 candidates are in the fray to become members of Nagar Panchayat. The number of voters in RPP is 45,011 including 24,159 male and 20,852 female voters. As many as 5530 voters including 3036 male and 2494 female voters would decide the fate of candidates in GNP. Verma said that a total of 6,168 government officials and employees would be engaged to conduct free and fair election.To maintain law and order during the poll process, he said that the district has been divided in 18 zones and 52 sectors. Apart from the magistrates of these zones and sectors the teams of ADM, ACM and SDMs have been assigned to move in the areas concerned and prepare a fresh list of sensitive and highly sensitive booths. These lists would be submitted to him by June 14 , said Verma adding, that after it the exercise to desensitize the polling booths would be initiated and the disturbing elements would be booked under Goonda act, Gangster Act and NSA. He said that the special drive for strict implementation of model conduct had been launched and its results would become visible very soon.He said that arrangements of vehicles as per the topography of the city had been made while the printing of ballot papers would also be completed in two-three days in order to make the candidates aware about the use of electronic voting machines.He said that the candidates had already been informed about the does and don'ts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13986406", "title": "Tezpur varsity VC to take part in India-US dialogue", "text": "GUWAHATI: Tezpur University's vice chancellor Mihir K Chaudhuri will take part in the India-US Higher Education Dialogue in Washington to be held on June 12 next.He will be part of a high-level delegation led by Union human resource development minister Kapil Sibal. The meeting is expected to deliberate on the prospect of fruitful and effective partnerships on research and innovation between the universities and institutes of the two countries.The dialogue will identify specific areas for research and work out modalities for partnerships. The delegates will interact with educators, academicians and US officials on the working of the community colleges in the USA. Sam Pitroda, advisor to the Prime Minister and chairman of National Innovation Council, Ved Prakash, UGC chairman and other important officials will also take part in the interactions.UGC is considering a proposal for the establishment of an office of \"Research and Integrity\" by central educational institutes to evolve and sustain mechanisms for funding advanced research ensuring acceptable standards. A committee has been constituted to frame the guidelines for effective implementation of the proposal. The five-member committee includes Mihir K Chaudhuri, vice chancellor of Tezpur University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13986744", "title": "PMC to regulate parking", "text": "Patna: The Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) is all set to regulate the parking of vehicles at the Maurya Lok Complex and fix vending points there. The corporation would also soon give a facelift to the Vivekananda Park, which was earlier maintained by the State Bank of India.As of now, drivers have a very difficult time in parking their vehicles at the Maurya Lok Complex, one of the largest shopping destinations in Patna. The usual scene of drivers being caught between vendors and the traffic police is likely to change soon. The vendors are doing brisk business at the parking lots leaving no room for cars, while the traffic police tow away vehicles left at no-parking space due to space crunch.PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal said, \"Motorists have a tough time parking their vehicles because of encroachment at the complex. But we can't stop vendors from doing their business. So a new traffic plan is going to be introduced soon.\" Under the new restricted traffic plan, five gates of the Maurya Lok would be used to regulate traffic. The gate opening in the Bandar Bagicha area would remain closed. Vehicles would enter the Maurya Lok Complex from gate number 1 and gate number 4 only. The remaining three gates, gate numbers 2, 3 and 5, would be used for the exit of vehicles. Official data says 400 to 500 vehicles enter the complex on weekdays and the number increases on weekends.There was a long-pending demand from vendors to earmark a part of the complex as hawking zone. \"Maurya Lok remains crowded all the time. Vendors always try not to create any inconvenience to visitors,\" said Anwar, a fruit juice seller at the complex. \"A large number of people come to Maurya Lok for shopping. The shoppers always look for good food joints, and since vendors are doing good business, the PMC will soon earmark some corners for food joints,\" said Pal.Meanwhile, concrete encroachments of many shops were recently demolished by the PMC after serving them notices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13980764", "title": "Man stabbed to death in Amraiwadi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 32-year-old man was stabbed to death in Amraiwadi after a scuffle with neighbours on Saturday. Police arrested two accused in the case late in the evening. Investigators said that a comment on an extramarital affair cost the victim his life.According to Amraiwadi police, Jagdish Solanki, a resident of Narsinhnagar, had an altercation with his brother Hasmukh as Hasmukh had an extramarital affair with their neighbour Mamta Makwana. On Saturday, Solanki was standing near his residence at 8.30 am and was shouting about the affair between Hasmukh and Mamta. Enraged, Mamta asked her son Jaimin to fetch a knife from the residence.\"She told Jaimin not to let Solanki go and assault him. Jaimin attacked Solanki with the knife and stabbed him on his neck and stomach that proved fatal. Solanki's elder brother Mahesh later filed a complaint against the mother-son duo after which they were tracked down and arrested.Police said that Solanki was out of job for a while and did not like the affair between his brother and the neighbour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13999461", "title": "Electric energy storage is key to smart grid", "text": "KOLKATA: Electric energy storage systems are crucial for the further development and transformation of a range of sectors including renewable energy, automotive, grid stabilization, smart grid, back-up power and portable devices. Big scale, reliable and durable electric energy storage technologies will enhance the usage and commercial attractiveness of intermittent renewable energy sources, such as wind and solar power.Market Penetration and Road mapping research by Frost and Sullivan finds that electric energy storage systems are inscribed in the development strategies of intermittent renewable energy and electric vehicle (EV) developers, grid operators and utility companies.\"The most important drivers for developing electric energy storage systems are grid stability and reliability, mass integration of intermittent renewable energy generators, better use of energy resources, fossil fuels shortage and limiting of greenhouse gases,\" said the Research Analyst, Technical Insights Team. \"Electric energy storage technologies will be an inseparable part of smart grids and distributed energy generating systems in the future.\" Among the various electric energy storage systems, advanced batteries are set to attract the greatest interest in the near future. This is because of their flexibility in use, allowing for their employment in grid balancing and connecting intermittent renewable energy generators to the main electric grid.\"Frost &amp; Sullivan research reveals that lithium-ion batteries will play the most important role in the future of electric energy storage systems over the next five to seven years,\"\" said the Analyst. \"\"EVs will be a key and sizeable application area for this technology.\"Other electric energy storage technologies include flywheels and compressed air energy storage (CAES) systems. Advanced adiabatic CAES systems are anticipated to play an important role in enabling the safe connection of big wind farms to the main electric grid in an economically viable way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13981286", "title": "Rohtak home of horrors sealed", "text": "ROHTAK: Haryana police have sealed the Rohtak-based shelter home a month after stories of sexual abuse and torture of inmates came to light and amidst fresh allegations of girls having been forced to drink and dance in front of foreigners surfaced on Saturday.The fresh charges of abuse against the owner of the shelter home Jaswanti Devi and her son-in-law Jai Bhagwan were made by some of the victims who have been shifted to an old age home in Rohtak. \"Jai Bhagwan used to force us to drink frequently. All the girls were made to drink. Sometimes, Jai Bhagwan came to our rooms in the thick of the night with drinks,\" a girl who had been staying at the shelter home for over a year told TOI on Saturday.She said that some foreigners had visited the shelter home many times. \"We were given good dresses on such occasions and made to dance in front of them.Anybody who refused to dance was slapped by Jaswanti,\" the girl said. \"We used to travel for hours along with Jaswanti to undisclosed places where the girls were given drinks and then made to dance in the parties,\" she said.She also said she knew two cops, one of them a woman, who used to visit the shelter home frequently. \"They used to come during the day and sometimes at odd hours too. I saw them sitting with Jaswanti,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13980809", "title": "Leopard killed in hit-and-run", "text": "NASHIK: A four-and-a-half-year old female leopard succumbed to injuries in a hit-and-run accident late in the night on Friday at Shivre Phata in the Niphad tehsil of Nashik district. At 10.15pm on Friday, the leopard was hit by a four-wheeler and was left badly injured in the process.A truck driver who noticed the injured leopard informed villagers, who rushed to the spot and gave it some water to drink. They informed the police and forest department, who immediately rushed to the spot. The vehicle that hit the leopard could not be traced.\"The leopard was probably trying to cross the highway when it got hit and was thrown by the side of the road,\" range forest officer of Yeola, Arjun Pawar, said. \"We reached the spot immediately with our staff. The leopard was unconscious. We summoned an ambulance and took it to the government veterinary hospital in Niphad, where the doctor gave it first-aid and other medicines. Veterinary doctor of the Nashik polyclinic Dr Sanjay Gaikwad and a rescue team from Nashik also arrived there. But the leopard had so much internal bleeding that we could not save it,\" said Pawar.The leopard was brought to Nehru Udyan in Nashik and cremated around noon on Saturday after a post-mortem at Dr Gaikwad's veterinary polyclinic.\"Both right canine teeth of the leopard were broken and the upper part of the left canine was broken. The leopard had severe head injuries, due to which it had severe nasal and oral bleeding. She had bruises on the body, a fracture of the pelvic brim, severe bleeding in the thoracic cavity, abdominal cavity, lung collapse, dislocation of left hind limb, mandible (fracture of the jaw) in two places,\" informed Dr Gaikwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13967168", "title": "Ladies night held at Dublin", "text": "The party brigade of Chennai marked full attendance at this recent Ladies Night held at Dublin , Sheraton Park Hotel &amp; Towers.The evening was filled with good cheer and hearty banter as the guests came by the dozens to celebrate the weekend. The womenfolk were of course, the headturners of the soiree, as they waltzed in, dressed in their most fashionable ensembles.The boys also did their best to make a lasting impression as they arrived with their pals, looking all dapper, with crew-cuts to beat the summer. The revellers partied on, soaking in the spirit of the season as the mood got even more upbeat, thanks to the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13978576", "title": "Action against fever outbreak intensified", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A day after collector K N Satheesh issued a month-long prohibitory order in the capital considering the alarming number of fever cases, a special squad swung into action on Saturday and issued warnings to unauthorized slaughter houses in the city. Although the order is in effect, the district administration has set a deadline for such slaughter houses to stop operations by Monday.The collector said that all street vendors, slaughter house owners, who are found polluting the environment, have already been asked to close their outlets.The drive will be intensified starting Monday. Councillors will embark on an intense campaign in their respective wards to prevent the spread of contagious diseases after a meeting is convened by the collector on Monday. The squad comprising officials of various departments will make sure that unauthorized slaughter house owners are booked and their shops closed down.Meanwhile, no fresh cases of fever were reported in the capital on Saturday. \"We do not have any new confirmed dengue cases in the capital. The door-to-door campaigns by health officials will start next Monday,\" said district medical officer (DMO) T Peethambaran. Till Friday, about 620 dengue cases were confirmed in Thiruvananthapuram. Fever outbreak has also been reported in 43 wards of the total 100 and corporation officials continued shifting garbage to Kochuveli for the third day. Though locals protested against this move, police reminded them about the prohibitory order forcing them to disperse.A corporation official said that the civic body is trying to collect the piled up garbage from different parts of the city and transport it to Kochuveli. The garbage is used as filler for the construction of railway platforms. Six trucks of garbage were transported to Kochuveli on Saturday. In the wake of probable epidemic, the district collector had called for emergency measures to be initiated to check the spread of diseases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi/mumbai", "code": "13981333", "title": "Hacktivists\u2019 street protest a damp squib", "text": "NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: After a two-week campaign on social networking sites, hacktivists belonging to Anonymous, a global hacker collective, came out on the streets in several Indian cities to protest against \"web censorship in the country\". However, out of the thousands of people who had pledged to join the protests in 16 cities, barely hundreds showed up.In Mumbai, only 80 of the nearly 2,000 people who had pledged their support to the cause on Facebook reached Azad Maidan on Saturday.The gathering consisted largely of college students holding up posters with anti-censorship messages like 'We want a free Internet', 'Sharing is not stealing' and 'Do you really want the government to control the Internet?' The turnout was similar in Delhi, where 50 of the 1,500 who supported the cause on Facebook gathered near the Jantar Mantar. Other cities, like Bangalore, Chennai and Kolkata, also saw low turnouts.Earlier on Saturday, Anonymous allegedly attacked the website run by the Computer Emergency Response Team India (CERT-IN), the country's premier agency dealing with cyber security contingencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13986277", "title": "Arunachal minister\u2019s wife rescues slow loris", "text": "ITANAGAR: Mary Siram, wife of state education minister Bosiram Siram rescued a slow loris, an endangered primate from the compound of her house on Friday night.Siram rescued the animal from the compound of her house at Mirbuk village, Pasighat in East Siang district, a source said here on Saturday.\"The primate was clinging on to a small decorative tree in our compound,\" she said. A team of wildlife officials led by DFO (Wildlife) Tashi Mize rushed to the spot after they were informed, the source said.\"The primate is in good health and will be released shortly in D Ering Wildlife Sanctuary,\" Mize said.Another slow loris was rescued earlier from Pasighat and released in the D Ering Wildlife Sanctuary on the World Environment Day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13989295", "title": "Nothing less than life imprisonment for dowry deaths: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: A sentence lesser than life term cannot be awarded to convicts for heinous offences like dowry death where the victim is killed in a brutal manner, the Supreme Court has ruled.A bench of justices Swatanter Kumar and Ranjan Gogoi rejected the plea of a victim's husband and brother-in-law for leniency on the ground that they are young, their mother was of advancing age and the incident occurred in 1996, hence a lenient view of the sentence should be taken.\"When the offence of Section 304B is proved, the manner in which the offence has been committed is found to be brutal, it had been committed for satisfaction of dowry demands, particularly, for material goods like television or cooler and furthermore the accused takes up a false defence before the court to claim that it was a case of an accidental death and not that of dowry death, then the court normally would not exercise its judicial discretion in favour of the accused by awarding lesser sentence than life imprisonment,\" Justice Kumar, writing the judgement, said.The apex court upheld the life sentence imposed on Mukesh Bhatnagar (husband), Kailasho alias Kailashwati (mother-in-law) and Rajesh Bhatnagar for setting ablaze Renu to death on February 17, 1996 after she failed meet their dowry demands at Roorkee in Uttarkhand.The bench also rejected the plea of Mukesh that Renu died after the cooking stove burst and he had sustained injuries while trying to rescue her.\"The arguments of the defence are strange because if the accused had attempted to save the deceased, then he would have suffered some burn injuries.\"But as per the above details of injuries, there was not even a single burn injury found on the body of the accused Mukesh,\" the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13980370", "title": "\u2018Major setback to temple blast bid probe\u2019", "text": "PUNE: Investigation into the 2010 attempt to blow up Pune's famed Dagdusheth Halwai Ganapati temple has almost hit a dead end with the murder of terror suspect Qateel Siddiqui in the Yerawada central jail, Pune anti-terrorism squad sources said on Sunday.\"Siddiqui was a prize catch and would help us in getting to the bottom of the temple as the main suspect, Yasin Bhatkal, is still absconding,\" the ATS sources told TOI, adding, \"It's a shame we could not protect him in jail\". Siddiqui, an alleged Indian Mujahideen operative, was strangulated with a drawstring from a pair of shorts in the \"anda cell\" by suspected gangster Sharad Mohol and his aide Alok Bhalerao on Friday morning.Siddiqui was in the custody of the Maharashtra ATS since May 3, and was to be produced in court on the day he was killed. \"The investigation will progress further only if we nab Bhatkal. However, if Bhatkal is nabbed, we will still have to start the investigation from scratch and then look for fresh witnesses and clues,\" the ATS sources said. The sources said that Siddiqui had given them vital clues and some important witnesses in the temple case.\"We had identified the witnesses, including the flower trader who had refused to keep Siddiqui's bag containing a bomb on February 13, 2010. The investigation had progressed very well.\" The sources said that besides helping in the investigation of the bid to blast the temple, Siddiqui had given them vital information about IM's sleeper cells in Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra and Delhi. He had also told us how IM operatives used to take shelter at Darbhanga Bihar) after carrying out an 'operation' in any part of the country. The Delhi police had taken Siddiqui to Bihar to find some clues and the Maharashtra ATS was also planning to take him to Darbhanga,\" the sources said. \"With the help of the information given by him we were able to establish links to various terror plots but unfortunately this route has now been blocked because of Siddiqui's murder,\" sources said.Asked how Siddiqui's murder will affect investigations into the shooting at Delhi's Jama Masjid and blast outside the Chinnaswamy stadium in Bangalore, ATS sources said that it would be difficult to tell. \"However, the police have been able to arrest other suspects involved in those incidents. But in the temple case, Siddiqui was our only source. We have virtually reached a dead-end now,\" sources said.Besides the setback to the investigation, sources said that the murder of Siddiqui inside a high-security jail has put a blot on Maharashtra's reputation. \"It is a shame that we could not protect him when he was in our custody, though clear instructions had been given to the authorities that he was a high-risk prisoner,\" sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13985977", "title": "Multinational corporation staff steal data, float start-ups", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After witnessing cyber crime involving email Id-hacking, obscene facebook profiles and online cheating, Chandigarh is witnessing thefts of source codes and confidential information of multinational companies.Such confidential data is being stolen by employees, who quit and start their businesses. The cyber cell of Chandigarh police is investigating two FIRs regarding theft of security codes and confidential information of MNCs, besides four formal other such complaints. Source code is a collection of computer commands written in computer language. The code for a particular piece of software may be contained in a single file or several files.\"In two of the six cases, former employees of two MNCs started their companies after stealing the security codes and information and began producing similar products and software,\" a source said. In one case, former employees of a Sector 17-based company involved in import-export business stole a list of the company's foreign customers and quotations and started taking orders from customers at lesser rates sources added.IT expert Ankit Fadia said, \"It becomes very difficult for customers to find out if the product being purchased by them is authentic or supplied by mischievous former employees. The crime only comes to light when companies concerned realize there is a sudden fall in number of their customers and sales.\"According to Fadia, companies have now taken to allowing only senior officials to operate security codes and matters related to their customers.A senior cyber cell official said that company officials have been asked to increase the internal vigil on employees.Couple in custodyRajat Bhasin and Taranjeet Kaur had cheated their previous company and then floated their company and begun manufacturing software similar to that being made by their employer. The two were sent in one-day police custody on Saturday. Cyber cell sleuths have seized their computers for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "actor siddharth has finally done it. he's finally managed to let go of his spectacles. the actor admittedly has been considering getting an eye surgery to get his eye sight corrected for a while and has finally got around to doing it. the actor sounds quite relieved. \"after wanting it for years, i finally went and got my lasik surgery done. first time in over 2 &amp; a half decades, i no longer need glasses!", "code": "14006382", "title": "Siddharth gets an eye surgery", "text": "Actor Siddharth has finally done it. He's finally managed to let go of his spectacles. The actor admittedly has been considering getting an eye surgery to get his eye sight corrected for a while and has finally got around to doing it. The actor sounds quite relieved. \"After wanting it for years, I finally went and got my Lasik surgery done. First time in over 2 &amp; a half decades, I no longer need glasses!:) I was quite amazed at how quick and painless Lasik is. Technology at its nature defying best. I'm fighting fit and ready to see more:) \" he write in his twitter account.The actor has a slew of big releases lined up in Telugu, Tamil and Hindi as well. Besides he's also turned a producer recently with Love Failure. So the actor sure has a lot of reasons to feel very happy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13980694", "title": "Jeweller conned, loses Rs 15.51 lakh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A jeweller was duped by three persons of Rs 15.51 lakh between January and May 2012. Natugiri Goswami, the complainant, has filed a complaint with Ghatlodia police for cheating and breach of trust.According to Ghatlodia police officials, Goswami, a resident of Durgashakti row houses in Chandlodia, came in touch with Ghanshyam Moradiya, a resident of the same area, through common friends who were diamond traders. Goswami supplies rough diamonds to city units and sells furnished products in centers such as Mumbai. As per his complaint, Moradiya and two others came to his unit at Alpha Shopping Center in Chandlodia in January and got diamonds worth Rs 8.51 lakh for trading. Moradiya guaranteed him that he would get him better price than the market.\"Two months later, Moradiya again approached Goswami and told him that he had got a good contact in Surat that would supply diamonds at a cheaper rate. He promised to return the amount at the earliest. However, even after three months, he failed to return either money or diamonds. Thus, Goswami approached police and filed a complaint for cheating,\" said a Ghatlodia police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13984459", "title": "'Right To Education came as divine intervention'", "text": "NAGPUR: Naresh Charde, a driver, has applied for sought admission for his daughter, Samidha, as per the provisions of RTE Act. Charde's wife Nilima is a homemaker as she has to look after their two-year-old younger daughter. Nilima has studied up to Std X. The family resides in a small but pucca house in Manewada, a middle-class locality in the south-east part of the city.His daughter's pre-primary education expenses were about Rs 700 per month and Charde sacrificed many things for that. \"It was OK to cut back on other expenses because I wanted her to study, but primary education costs were almost touching Rs 1,500 per month and we just could not figure out what to do. I was heartbroken as I could not live to see my daughter missing out on a chance at a better life just like I did. So, when I became aware of the government initiative, I knew this was divine intervention,\" said Charde.This man could very well be the one with a proverbial 'heart of gold' as Charde is also bearing expenses for his teenaged nephew. \"My brother-in-law lives in a small village and had stopped educating my nephew totally. So, 10 years ago I brought him to Nagpur and got him admitted to a government school and now he will appear for SSC next year,\" said Charde.Deaven Dasture, director of the school where Charde has applied for his daughter's admission, said, \"We are extremely happy to have received the application and have asked Charde to submit all the mandatory documents to us before next week's deadline. The education department sent a GR on May 25 giving clear instructions on the free seats and we will implement it in letter and spirit. Also, meeting state RTE head Sanjay Deshmukh and district officer Mahesh Karajgaonkar during the TOI debate (June 6) had cleared many doubts.\"RTE data deadline for schools extendedThe zilla parishad has decided to extend the deadline till June 12 for schools to submit their admission data, as mandated under the Right To Education (RTE) Act. The previous deadline was ending on Sunday but there was an unofficial demand from schools to extend it further, claiming that they were not aware of it. The ZP has administrative control over the education primary department and has asked all schools, coming under RTE's purview, to share admission statistics and procedure details. Till Saturday not a single school of the 2,300 in district had provided the necessary information forcing the department to given them a second chance. Education officer Someshwar Netam conducted the second awareness seminar on RTE on Saturday which was attended by about 300 principals from the region.AIEEE results declaredResults for the country's biggest engineering exam, AIEEE, were declared late evening on Saturday. A letter issued by Pitam Singh, director (special exams), mentioned that 11,37,256 students had registered for the engineering exam, of which 10,61,854 finally appeared. The AIEEE also has a section for architecture seats and 71,316 students (out of 83,049) appeared for it. Students can check their All India and State rank online at www.aieee.nic.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13981834", "title": "Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport officials push for suspension of staffer who \u2018beat up\u2019 auto driver", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior BEST officials have decided to resist union pressure and seek the suspension of BEST employee Virendra Chauhan who allegedly kidnapped and assaulted an auto driver in Goregaon last Wednesday.BEST officials suspect that Chauhan, who was off duty during the incident, will try to secure the union's support in a bid to retain his job. A BEST committee member said, \"Such cases usually get the union's backing and as a result, drivers are not afraid of departmental inquiry.\"A top official requesting anonymity added, \"He (Chauhan) is a public servant and cannot just kidnap and beat up anyone. Such behaviour by a BEST driver is shocking and uncalled for. It tarnishes the image of the undertaking, which runs one of the best bus services in the country. He should be given stringent punishment so that it serves as a warning to other bus drivers.\"Chauhan and three others had allegedly thrashed Singh in Shastri Nagar before forcibly taking him to the Goregaon bus depot, where they beat him up again. Chauhan claims he had acted in self defence after the auto driver, Dheeraj Singh, threw a stone at him that hit him near the eye. Chauhan, arrested by the Goregaon police for kidnapping and assault, was granted bail on Thursday.A senior BEST official said, \"Though the accused driver is out on bail, the BEST will conduct a quasi-judicial probe into the incident. We will file a departmental chargesheet with kidnap and assault as the main charges. The driver as well as the employees at the Goregaon depot will be questioned and the crime scene inspected,\" he said.The BEST is also ascertaining if Chauhan's three accomplices, who are currently on the run, are the undertaking's staffers. An official said they will not be spared if they are found to be BEST employees.BEST drivers have caught flak in recent times for their involvement in a series of rash and negligent driving cases.BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta is abroad on an official tour and will be back on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "13979658", "title": "Youth hacked to death 3 days before wedding", "text": "HOWRAH: A 28-year-old medical representative who was to be married in three days was hacked to death on Friday evening. The police are not writing off the possibility of the incident being linked to the forthcoming wedding.Ghulam Hossain Qureshi worked for a well-known pharmaceutical firm and his area of operation was in Howrah. His family had fixed his marriage on June 11 with a girl from Kolkata's Metiabruz. On Friday evening, Qureshi returned home from work as usual. There was nothing unusual in his behaviour, said his family members.Around 9 pm, Qureshi - dressed in a t-shirt and a pair of shorts - left home to fetch milk from a neighbourhood shop. But when he did not return, his family started inquiring. Locals told them they had seen Qureshi board a car that already had a few persons inside.Around 12am, the family received a call from the police, informing about the recovery of a body from Alampur's Andul Road. The victim's relatives rushed to the Sankrail police station and identified the body as that of Qureshi.\"At 10pm, we received a call from a person informing us of a crime he had witnessed by the side of Andul Road. He said that he had spotted some persons dragging out a young man from a car. The man was bleeding profusely but the miscreants kept on stabbing him. The passerby raised an alarm and locals gathered. By then, the miscreants had taken off in the car,\" a police officer said.It was the locals who took the victim to a private hospital. \"There were several injury marks on the body. The most grievous of these was a slash across the throat. His trachea had been completely severed,\" the officer added.\"We are exploring all angles,\" said Sukhendu Heera, additional superintendent of police (rural).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13983785", "title": "Now, you can actually sniff out a person\u2019s age", "text": "Forget botox and hair dye \u2014 people can smell your age, a study has shown. In tests, volunteers were able to distinguish between young, middle aged and elderly individuals by sniffing their body odour. But contrary to popular conception, \"old person smell\" was rated less intense and unpleasant than other age group odours.Scientists collected armpit odour samples from three groups of 12 to 16 donors, aged 20-30, 45-55 and 75-95. Donors were asked to sleep for five nights in T-shirts containing underarm pads which were cut up and placed in glass jars. These were assessed by 41 \"evaluators\" aged 20-30 who we re g ive n pairs of glass jars in different combinations to sniff. On each occasion, they had to decide which jar contained samples from the older donor.Evaluators were able to discriminate between the three donor age categories, the researchers reported in the online journal Public Library of Science ONE. \"Similar to other animals, humans can extract signals from body odours that allow us to identify biological age, avoid sick individuals, pick a suitable partner, and distinguish kin from non-kin,\" said lead researcher Dr Johan Lundstrom, from the Monell Chemical Senses Centre in Philadelphia , US.In the animal world, age-related odours are believed to guide mate selection. Older males might be desirable because they contribute genes linked to longevity, while older females with fragile reproductive systems may be avoided.A unique \"old person smell\" is recognised across human cultures. Lundstrom said: \"Elderly people have a discernible odour that is considered fairly neutral and isn't unpleasant .\" Body odours originate from a \"complex interaction\" between skin gland secretions and bacterial activity and these change throughout development\".--THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13978197", "title": "Neglected furniture company seeks government support to stay afloat", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Even as the state government gives bulk orders for office furniture to private companies, the five-decade-old Ex-servicemen Cooperative Wood Industries Limited (ECWI) in the city is left neglected.Housed in the erstwhile army barracks or Palayam, a heritage building in the city that boasts of a regal past, ECWI began functioning nearly 55 years ago, using the amalgamated fund for ex-servicemen resettlement after the World War II. It was a full-fledged unit with 300 workers catering to all government furnishing orders.\"The unit with its imported equipment, including the spindle-moulder from Sweden, sanding machine from the US, wood-cutting machine from Germany, boring machine from Poland and plainer from Netherlands, ensure quality products. But it is struggling to stay afloat now,\" says Ashok Kumar, manager, ECWI.\"True, the building that houses this cooperative wood industry is an architectural marvel worth conserving. But who cares about those who depend on this industrial unit?\" asks Sudarsana Kumar P, president ECWI. \"Earlier, government orders were pouring in but now we get one or two government purchase orders in a year. And a couple of orders from people in the city or some repair work,\" says he.Master craftsman Rajappan Achary, who is known for his expertise in the industry, says, \"I have served as a carpenter for the last 50 years at ECWI. I cannot forego the unit even if I fail to get my monthly pay\". He and his team of around 50 artisans at ECWI are sustaining the unit even by going without their monthly pay to meet the raw material cost.But the government has not offered any support to ECWI, says Vasantha T, general supervisor at the unit.\"We are unable to afford even the cost of raw materials and find it hard to pay the salary for employees including ex-servicemen and war widows working here since the last fifty years,\" says Sudarsana Kumar. If the government provides a revival package of Rs 50 lakh, the unit can sustain itself by meeting the raw material requirement and maintenance cost, the officials say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13987651", "title": "Anonymous' stir gets poor response", "text": "INDORE: Protest to oppose 2008 Information Technology (Amendment) Act and the Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines) Rules of 2011 failed to evoke good response from the city youngsters on Saturday. Only a handful of youngsters turned out to join hands in the protest organized by Anonymous - a group of hackers - or hacktivist as they like to call themselves. The group is protesting against censorship on internet.The members of Anonymous said the government is unjustifiably restricting internet freedom through the laws. It is like marshal law on internet and it is infringement of one's fundamental right of expression. To register their protest, the group had organized \"Operation Occupy India\" in 17 cities including Indore, Mumbai, Delhi and Nagpur.Kunal Dubey, member of Anonymous and a self-claimed hacker said that Indore's protest failed to attract youngsters as they do not get permission on time. \"We will not let it go, it is about rights and we will fight for it,\" said Dubey adding that soon they will organize a bigger protest to create awareness about internet freedom.Paresh Tokekar Kabira, a member of the group and a blogger said they are against the government policies. \"In the name of acting against piracy, the government is curtailing individual freedom on internet. They are blocking the free flow of information and sharing of applications and technology,\" said Kabira adding that today government can block and stop any site any time without giving any excuse and explanation. Government is closing the file sharing site and it has badly affected the individual's ability and capacity to use internet for their personal and professional needs.Explaining the reason behind their protest under the IT Act, the government has power to remove content it finds offensive and government can also restrict public access to a web site. The group is also protesting against the Intermediary Guidelines of 2011. Under the Act, a site that hosts offensive content will have to remove it within 36 hours of a complaint against it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kingstown (st vincent)", "code": "14002445", "title": "India 'A' reach 64/2 at lunch in reply to WI 'A' score of 217", "text": "KINGSTOWN (St Vincent): India A reached 64 for two at lunch, on the second day of their 2nd four-day 'Test' against West Indies, on Sunday.Skipper Cheteshwar Pujara fresh from his match-winning knock in the first 'Test' is unbeaten on 40 while Ajinkya Rahane scratched his way to an unbeaten 12.Earlier, Bengal speedster Shami Ahmed dismissed the remaining two batsmen in quick succession to bowl West Indies out for 217. Shami finished with four wickets.Having started from their overnight score of 212 for nine, Shami first castled opener Kraigg Brathwaite (66) who failed to add anything to the overnight score. He then wrapped Devendra Bishoo (2) on pads to end the home team's innings for 217.The India 'A' openers Shikhar Dhawan and Abhinav Mukund failed to make significant contributions yet again as the two new-ball bowlers Jason Holder and Delorn Johnson troubled the batsmen.Left-handed Dhawan (0) was bowled as he got an inside edge to left-arm pacer delivery. Mukund (8) who bagged a pair in the last match also didn't last long as right-arm fast bowler Holder came from round the wicket and got one to hold the line as the Tamil Nadu opener was struck on the pads.At 12 for two, Pujara and Rahane joined hands and added 52 runs for the third wicket till lunch. He played some cracking drives off one-change bowler Jonathan Carter while some of the deliveries really started keeping low.Indians still need 154 runs to take the first innings lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13982260", "title": "Where is the party tonight?", "text": "The party might turn pumpkin at midnight but that's no reason for Cinderella to despair because there's always room for an (after) party. Although the police have been keenly gutting the city's nightlife, Mumbai's famously unstoppable spirit of enterprise is out to ensure that nothing comes in the way of the good times. Most of the new enterprise has been set into motion by the city's youth who have felt the need for similar services in their (night) life.Without so much as missing a beat, Bandra hipsters will list out all the Bandra joints that function\u2014Janta, Mughal Sarai, Sigdi\u2014and in the case of Deepak Wines even deliver, late into the night. Bandra, undoubtedly, has the highest concentration of service providers that enable you to tackle with grace that huge moment when you have empty shelves and refrigerators staring back at you. Thus far, if you didn't fall within the coverage area of Bandra then, well too bad, you didn't fall within the coverage.While these old school solutions have never failed to deliver, recently, peeps living outside of Bandra have taken matters into their own hands. Two new services that promise to assuage midnight hunger pangs and more are knocking on your door.As the website for Fly by Knight, a delivery service for everything from Eno to Red Bull, states: \"Midnight home-delivery service to battle moments when you are consumed by laziness, low on nicotine and craving for a quick snack. Oh...we are also equipped to rescue you with last-minute contraceptives.\"On April 20, Rohit and Kaiser\u2014the partners, both in their 20s, prefer to withhold their last names in order to maintain anonymity\u2014rolled out Nightcall. \"Over the past couple of years each time we were in need of some midnight rescue we discussed starting a late night delivery service but things kept held up for one reason or another,\" Rohit says. Functional only on the weekends, Nightcall receives seven to 12 delivery calls in one night. \"Although the site states that we do delivery only from Cuff Parade to VT, if it's a reasonably big order then we also deliver up to Parel,\" Rohit says.Come next week and Andheri will have its own service provider in Fly by Knight. Started by Neha Jain and Sanjid Nair, Fly by Knight will have an Andheri to Bandra coverage area and its services can be engaged from Wednesday-Sunday, between 11 pm and 3 am. Soon, however, they hope to spread their network across Mumbai and then to Bangalore and National Capital Territory of Delhi.Jain, 26, quit her cushy job at Google India to work full time on Fly by Knight. She says, \"We have all the permission we need for the business and are currently training our delivery staff and developing their communication skills. We will go live once that is out of the way. This project has been in the pipeline for long but with the city's current struggle with deadlines we could not have asked for a better launch time.\"Befitting their status of (after) party saviours, both Nightcall and Fly by Knight identify themselves as superheroes, Avengers and Batman, respectively. Superheroes will willingly save your party but when it's time to head back home from that party, you're going to have to rely on the services of those super sober mortals also known as drivers.Perhaps the most well known after-hours service is Party Hard Drivers, a company that offers drivers for hire at night. \"We are against drinking and driving and as a result we often found ourselves stranded at parties after a few drinks,\" says founder-partner Ankur Vaid. \"We strongly felt the need for a service wherein we could call for a driver who would take us around for the night and so Party Hard Drivers (PHD) happened.\"Vaid and his partners\u2014Mishal Raheja and Saurabh Shah\u2014set the precedent four years ago. Since then several similar services, including Dial-a-Drive and Apt Party Drivers, have sprung up. Vaid insists that there is a difference between late night driver services and radio taxis. \"Comfort is the big difference,\" he says. \"You're in your own car and simple stuff like your own music makes a huge difference to the drive.\"It's little surprise then that visiting Hollywood dignitary Tom Cruise and his crew called on PHD to drive their convoy of 16 high-end cars across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13985662", "title": "Not a drop to drink in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: People waiting tirelessly for water tankers is a common sight in Bhubaneswar today. Experts say this should not happen given the abundance in water availability and supply. But gross misuse of this natural resource has negated all assessments.Those living in Tamando, VSS Nagar, Dumduma, Pokhariput, Sundarpada, Kapilaprasad, Kapileswar, Sriram Nagar, Bhimatagi, Jagamara and Jadupur are facing an unprecedented shortage of drinking water this year. \"We have to depend on tankers. The pipe water supply is irregular. We are getting water for around 15 minutes every alternate day,\" a resident of Bhimatangi Housing Board Colony said.If official figures are to be believed, then you will find misuse has resulted in short supply. The city gets 250 million litres per day (MLD) pipe water supply, including 200 MLD from surface source and 50 MLD from ground. Surface sources include 120 MLD from Kuakhai, 60 MLD from Mahanadi and 18 MLD from Daya, said M R Nanda, executive engineer, public health engineering department.While the city should be self-sufficient with around 130 MLD, the 250 MLD is not enough because of misuse. The supply is 250 litre per capita per day for 8.37 lakh people is far more compared to the desired 135 litres per day in others Indian cities.\"People don't bother when water overflows from their overhead tank or bathroom tank for lack of proper metering system. Over 100 MLD goes waste,\" Nanda pointed out, adding if the wastage is checked, the city would not face any water problem for the next 10 years with the existing generation.The government has roped in a Bangalore-based consulting agency to make a prospective water supply plan for the city till 2042. The agency has started working on a detailed project report on city's water need and required infrastructure for the next 30 years, said Dilip Singh, engineer-in-chief, housing and urban development department. \"Bhubaneswar is one of the few cities where water availability should not be a problem in any foreseeable future,\" Singh added.At present, around 65% people in city have pipe connections while the rest depend on their own source such as borewells or tubewells. There are around 64,000 bona fide connections besides hundreds of illegal ones. The government has been offering water connection to urban poor by paying just Rs 500 only in five equal monthly instalments under a programme called 'PIYUSH'. The city's 911-km long pipe water network doesn't cover all the municipal areas. \"Areas facing problems are mainly those, where water distribution network is yet to be functional,\" Singh said.The government is also in the process of revising Odisha Water Works ( OWW) rules to make connection to public water supply mandatory in urban areas and to have telescopic (slab based) tariff system just like power. \"This would reduce misuse,\" he added.At places, where water supply by the urban local body is not feasible, owners have to get a no objection certificate from the public health department for their own arrangement. The house owners will pay licence fee and cess to the authorities for drawing ground water, the proceedings said.Environmentalists say without taking steps to check depletion of ground water-level, no ambitious pipe water supply project can quench the city's thirst. \"It is a complex problem and excellent pipe water supply alone can't solve city's water problem. Concerted steps should be taken for rain water harvesting and increasing green cover to maintain the ground water table,\" said S N Patra, a city based environmentalist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14000661", "title": "Opposition calls SP resolution congratulating Dimple as 'height of sycophancy'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The oposition parties in Uttar Pradesh has described the resolution passed by the government in the state assembly congratulating Dimple Yadav, wife of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and daughter-in-law of Samajwadi Party (SP) supremo Mulyam Singh Yadav, as a 'height of sycophancy' for her unopposed election in Kannauj byelection.The Kannauj Lok Sabha seat had fallen vacant in March earlier this year following resignation of Akhilesh who took over as chief minister of the state. The seat has been SP's stronghold since long. Mulayam won from Kannauj it once and Akhilesh thrice. Dimple was elected unopposed as no mainstream party put up candidate against her and the two independent candidates who filed nomination later withdrew it, paving way for her unopposed election.As soon as it was clear that Dimple is heading for an unopposed election, SP leaders moved and adopted a resolution in the assembly congratulating her for victory. The Opposition termed the resolution as 'height of sychopancy' and 'unconstitutional' as the resolution was passed in a hurry before official announcement of Dimple's victory by the Election Commission. The Opposition leaders said that resolution was also not introduced in accordance with the rules of business for conducting assembly proceedings and that the government has set a wrong precedence.Leader of the Opposition from the Bahujan Samaj Party Swami Prasad Maurya said that state revenue minister Ambika Chaudhary introduced the resolution, congratulating Dimple on her historic win in the assembly. He said that no prior information was given to the House about the resolution. Before Opposition could understand, the ruling party MLAs adopted the resolution and it was declared as passed.BJP's leader in the assembly Hukum Singh said that as per rules, the leader of the Opposition and the leader of the house should jointly give a notice to the Speaker about any resolution. It should be then put for debate. But in this case nothing was done. Congress legislature party leader Pradeep Mathur said that his party is not a party to such resolution as it was in the agenda of the HouseSP leaders, however, defended the action of the government saying that there is a tradition of passing resolution in the assembly congratulating people who do something remarkable. \"\"The victory of Dimple Yadav is historic, hence there is nothing wrong in passing a resolution to congratulate her. The criticism of opposition parties is actually their frustration for not being able to muster courage for fielding candidate against Dimple,\"\" said party spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13977773", "title": "Delhi boy tops all-India engineering entrance test", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi government schoolboy topped the 11th All India Engineering/Architecture Entrance Examination ( AIEEE), the results of which were declared on Saturday evening.Sandeep Pathry of Government Boys Senior Secondary School, Mukherjee Nagar, Delhi, scored 346 out of 360 to emerge as topper. This was Pathry's second attempt at the exams. He had passed his Class XII Boards in 2011 scoring 89.6%. In 2009, he had cleared the Class X exams with a score of 84%.\"It's heartening to know that a boy from a government school topped the exam. A week ago, we had the Class XII topper from Manipur. These are welcome signs for school education in India,\" said CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi.The all-India girl topper is also from Delhi. Mansi Sood of DPS Vasant Kunj was placed sixth on the merit list.The exam was conducted by CBSE for admission to various NITs, IIITs, deemed universities and many state institutions offering engineering and architecture courses. This year 11,37,256 candidates registered for paper-I-which is for BE/ BTech aspirants, of which 10,61,854 candidates appeared. For paper-II, which is for B Arch/ B Planning aspirants, 83,049 candidates registered of which 71,316 appeared.CBSE informed that aspirants belonging to general, OBC, SC/ST and physically challenged categories, who scored 48, 45, 18 and 18 marks respectively, are eligible to fill in their choices for online counselling for BE/ BTech and B Arch/ B Planning.CBSE has also uploaded online scanned images of the answersheets along with the responses marked by the candidates. The move , CBSE officials said, has been taken to bring in transparency in the entire process.Candidates can view these on the website www.cbse.nic.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13983111", "title": "For teaching manners, catch them young", "text": "Gurgaon: Residents of the city need not worry if they do not know how to set a table, use the cutlery, hold a wine glass or how to sit in a car, for there are grooming and finishing schools to help them be better equipped in society, irrespective of their age. Prerna Srivastava, a member of Lifelong Learning institute, in Sushant Lok I, who educates women above the age of fourteen, strongly emphasized that etiquettes, irrespective of place, are important to survive in this world. \"It is a smooth transition from what you are and what you can become. Self-development and personal grooming are important to step out in this world confidently. Young girls and women play various roles in life, be it professional or personal, hence grooming in etiquette, manners, beauty, understanding relationships, etc. are very necessary,\" she said. People are trained in table setting, etiquette and manners, personal grooming, multi-cuisine cooking and eating, using cutlery, answering the telephone, party manners and for that matter even \"dealing with awkward situations\". The training fee ranges from Rs 11,000 onwards. Many parents send their children to such institutes to learn the necessary etiquettes. Sushil Kumar, who is conducting summer classes in table manners and etiquette classes for children, in M-8, Institutional Area, old DLF colony, Sector 14, said, \"We teach children in the age group of six to 16 to become considerate and respect others' convenience. We teach them courtesy and social etiquettes necessary to live in a harmonious society.\" Saloni , housewife and mother of a 12-year-old daughter, said, \"If we train them young, one can rest assured that they will know the do's and don'ts of social manners.\" Parents believe that early training and grooming helps children and people settle better in life and its way.\" However, not every parent shares the same view. Monica, a mother, believes that etiquettes are to be taught at home, not in professional classes. She said that etiquettes can be built by being kind, polite, respectful and considerate of other people. On the other hand, Kumar has a different take on the issue. He said that one should never doubt their child's abilities. Children learn from the elders , hence it is the duty of adults to behave in the most courteous way possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13980321", "title": "Government stand may lead to more demands", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre's petition in SC challenging the Andhra HC verdict against the 4.5% minority sub-quota said that among OBCs, those belonging to peasant communities had an inherent social and educational edge over artisan groups as the \"former may have land and/or sustainable income and...are able to provide better opportunities for their progeny than the latter\".The special leave petition, settled by additional solicitor general Gourab Banerji, said, \"It has been noted that communities of Muslims that fall within the definition/description of backward classes often belong to the latter category of artisans and craftsmen, and are thus the most backward or more backward amongst the backward classes. These more backward classes have to compete with the other communities within the OBCs list for the 27% reservation. The reality is that they are not being able to do so. It is to address this actual discrepancy/reality that the sub-quota was carved out of the total reservation. Thus, the office memorandum envisages a situation where the more backward would compete only with the more backward for reservation in admissions and appointments.\"But this argument might land the government in a situation where artisans and craftsmen among Hindu communities included in the OBC list demand a similar sub-quota, saying they too are handicapped in competing against peasants and landowning backward class communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13997907", "title": "Ashima Bhalla returns with SAB TV\u2019s new show", "text": "After doing her dare devil stunts on Imagine TV's Zor Ka Jhatka, Ashima Bhalla now returns to the small screen after her sabbatical from fiction shows.The sassy girl now returns to the fold with SAB TV's new comedy show 'Tedhe Hain Par Tere Mere Hain'. Produced by Shri Adhikari Brothers and Drama Queen Company, 'Tedhe Hain Par Tere Mere Hain' is about coming together of two individuals from different backgrounds.Ashima has been roped in to play the female lead and is paired opposite Vishal Kotian. Loosely inspired from Vidya Balan's role in 'Lage Raho Munna Bhai' , Ashima too will look after an old age home in the show. When contacted, Ashima Bhalla confirmed the news and said, \"Yes, I have shot for the pilot. If everything falls in to place, I will end up doing the project. I had a lot of fun shooting for the pilot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13987452", "title": "Schools in Bhopal plan to install complaint boxes", "text": "BHOPAL: No more parents need to wait to shout during the parent-teacher meet to ensure that their grievances are heard by the school administration.With more schools in the state capital contemplating to introduce complaint boxes on their respective campuses, both parents and students can now heave a sigh of relief.Says principal of a prominent private school in the city, \"We are planning to introduce the complaint box system in our school so that the problems of students and parents do not go unheeded. The box would be placed near the school gate so that it is easily visible and accessible for all.\"PS Kalra, principal of International Public School (IPS), says, \"We already have suggestion boxes in our school. Every fortnight, we ensure that the boxes are checked for any complaints and new suggestions.\"\"While one of the boxes isplaced near the reception area of the school, the other box is at the school library. Both locations are convenient for the students to get access. The one at the reception area also draws visiting parents' suggestions.\"The school is also planning to put suggestion boxes in the hostels which has around 140 students.\"From this session, we are intending to put a couple of such boxes at both the girls' and boys' hostels. Besides, during every parent-teacher meetings,there are registers to record the suggestions of the parents.\" We always look into the complaints being registered\" adds Kalra.Jaishree Kanwar, principal of Sagar Public School, says, \"There is a suggestion box outside the school portico. We check the letters every weekend.\"\"We take the complaints very seriously and try to sort out issues of all the children,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13985042", "title": "Donate blood once and save four lives", "text": "NAGPUR: You must have always heard of blood being hailed as a life-saving liquid. But did you know that every unit of blood donated can save four lives at the same time. The advancements in technology allow doctors to separate all the components of blood and store them at different temperatures so that all of them can be utilized optimally.Ahead of the World Blood Donors' Day, doctors got together to discuss blood transfusion at a CME organized by the city branch of the Indian Medical Association (IMA). Despite being so important for saving the lives of so many critically ill patients, doctors always face a difficulty procuring blood.India alone has a deficit of at least 3 million units. This situation calls attention to voluntary blood donation, which remains the only way of making blood available to the needy.Calling safe blood a right of every patient, pathologist Dr Ashish Khandelwal informed how whole blood is an obsolete concept these days. \"Red blood cells, white blood cells, platelets and plasma when separated before storage last much longer than whole blood. As all these components have a different shelf life and ideal storage temperatures, it is preferable to save these as opposed to whole blood,\" he said.\"Since different components of blood have different functions in the body, separation also makes it more effective for treatment. However, taking blood from the patients' blood relatives must be avoided,\" pointed senior pathologist Dr Harish Warbhe.Though it acts as a life saving drug in many cases, blood can never be 100 per cent safe he added. Agreed paediatrician Dr Nishikant Kotwal saying allergies and viral reactions are among the common problems that donors suffer from but good donor screening practices can help reduce these.Haematologist Dr Avtar Kishan Ganju gave a detailed talk about the reactions of blood transfusion and how doctors can manage them.\"If we all were to donate blood twice a year, it would not just help the patients but our own bodies as well. Donation of blood is like servicing one's own system as it helps your body form new blood more often and so become more robust,\" said Dr Harish Chandak, president of IMA, Nagpur.Physician Dr Shankar Khobragade who is also a Maharashtra Medical Council member agreed saying if people could donate blood at least on special occasions like their birthdays and anniversaries, they would be doing more than just celebrating the event. \"There still prevail certain myths about this noble act that the medical fraternity should get together to remove in a scientific manner,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "13989269", "title": "Rajoana vouches for peace in Punjab after memorial and his honouring", "text": "JALANDHAR: Balwant Singh Rajoana, who is facing death sentence due to his involvement in assassination of late Beant Singh and whose honouring at Akal Takht on June 6 created a political storm in Punjab and opposition Congress is targeting ruling SAD over the issue, has said that peace in Punjab would not be disturbed due to his honouring or due to memorial of army action on Darbar Sahib.Interestingly he has also expressed hope that after (PPC president) Captain Amrinder Singh's defeat in assembly election electorate of Punjab would completely finish him politically by the people of Punjab.\"The peace in Punjab will not be disturbed at all due to memorial or my honouring. The peace of minds of the butchers of Congress leaders who got Akal Takht destructed with tanks and got killed thousands of innocent Sikhs a will definitely be disturbed,\" Rajoana has said in his letter which he sent out from jail on Saturday through his foster sister Kamaldeep Kaur.Rajoana has specifically picked up Captain Amarinder Singh for firing salvos on this issue. \"The opposition to memorial has exposed real face of Captain who was pretending to be a sympathizer of Sikhs. The position he has taken has exposed that Captain, who was presenting himself as a better Sikh, is only a pawn of Congress which attacked Sikh religion and was instrumental in killing of thousands of Sikhs (in Delhi),\" Rajoana hs written.He has also argued that when Captain was opposing the memorial he had never raised any objection to memorials of Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi who were directly responsible killing of innocent Sikhs.Questioning Captain further Rajoana, who is on death row which has been put on hold after SGPC filed a petition for commutation of his death sentence in Beant Singh assassination case, has said \"while he is objecting my honouring by Akal Takht but never raised his voice so strongly when Congress in Delhi honoured killers of Sikhs (in Delhi anti Sikh riots) by appointing them as ministers or at other high offices.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13977982", "title": "Bypolls: Women outshine men", "text": "HYDERABAD: Braving the scorching midsummer sun and addressing unending road shows, women are stealing the show from their male counterparts in the byelections in the state.Both as campaigners and contestants, it is women who are getting the attention of the electorate. In fact, except for Murshida Begum, Congress candidate from Anantapur Urban assembly constituency, the remaining women are veterans and firebrands.The arrival of YSR widow Vijayalaskhmi and her daughter Sharmila on the scene, to lead the campaign of the beleaguered YSR Congress after the arrest of Jaganmohan Reddy by the CBI, has set the tone for women campaigners. Contrary to the expectations of Congress and TDP, the mother-daughter duo is drawing mammoth crowds.In response, the Congress has deployed two central ministers D Purandeswari and Panabaka Lakshmi, apart from vocal Renuka Chowdary, the Rajya Sabha member and AICC spokesperson, as well as a battery of local mahila Congress leaders like Ganga Bhavani, Nerella Sarada etc.Among the women candidates in the fray, Magunta Parvatamma (Ongole), Konda Surekha (Parkal), Bhuma Shoba Nagireddy (Allagadda) and Sucharita (Pratipadu) are politically experienced.Surekha and Shobha, in their 50s, command more popularity than their husbands. Parvatamma, the former MP, is well respected in the constituency. Sucharita is seen as a rising star among the Dalit politicians in the state while it is a tough beginning for Murshida Begum in the Reddy-dominated and money land of Anantapur.Vijayamma has become the first woman to lead a political party in the elections in the state. The party has also roped in movie star Roja and a battery of spokespersons such as Vasireddy Padma.To counter the high profile attack from the Vijayamma-Sharmila duo, women Congress leaders Purandeswari , Renuka and Panabaka have launched a desperate counter-offensive. Apart from them, state minister Galla Aruna Kumari is campaigning for the Congress candidate in Tirupati.This is in retaliation to the presence of Roja in the field on behalf of YSR Congress candidate B Karunakar Reddy. Incidentally, Roja, like Galla, hails from Chittoor district. In North Andhra, the campaign has been electrified by the presence of Botsa Jhansi, MP and wife of PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana. Another movie star sweating out in the service of Telugu Desam is Kavita.In Anantapur, the TDP has engaged Paritala Sunitha , an MLA, to counter Vijayamma's campaign. To neutralize the impact of Vijayamma, Sunitha has demanded a CBI probe into the role of Jagan in the assassination of her husband Paritala Ravindra.In Parkal, YSR Congress candidate Konda Surekha threatens to pose a serious challenge to the TRS, if the crowd that was witnessed two days ago during Vijayamma-Sharmila duo's meetings is any indication. What is interesting is that all the women politicians, like their male counterparts, are equally adept in using abusive language against their rivals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "13986375", "title": "New vice-chancellor for Assam University", "text": "SILCHAR: Somnath Dasgupta will take over as the vice-chancellor of Assam University, Silchar.Dasgupta is the director of the National Centre of Experimental Mineralogy and Petrology (NCEMP) under the University of Allahabad.Dasgupta will replace Tapodhir Bhattacharjee and will be the fifth vice chancellor of the central varsity, which was established in 1994.\"Somnath Dasgupta has been appointed as the new vice-chancellor of Assam University. He is replacing Tapodhir Bhattacharjee,\" said Upamanyu Basu, director of the department of higher education, MHRD, New Delhi on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13977579", "title": "Vijay Sai: The kingpin in the Jagan empire", "text": "HYDERABAD: Those following the recent developments that culminated in the arrest of YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy in the illegal assets case would have noticed a middle-aged man with a shock of white hair advising, very unobtrusively, the son of the late YS Rajasekhara Reddy as to what he should do at every step of the legal battle the young political leader is engaged in right now.Said to be the only person who knows all the intricate details of every transaction involving Jagan and his companies, V Vijay Sai Reddy, the financial wizard behind the rise of the YSR scion, might, if push comes to shove, take all the blame and bail out Jagan by becoming the fall guy, conjecture sources in the know. Vijay Sai, 55, is financial advisor to the various Jagan companies including Jagathi Publications (the publishers of Sakshi newspaper) and Indra TV (the company that runs Sakshi TV).Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) officials have already concluded that it is Vijay Sai who holds all the secrets to the Jagan empire and, that, if they have to crack the case, they need to focus on him rather than Jagan, as the latter appears to be only parroting what the former tells him.Vijay Sai is accused number two in the assets case and has also been named in the Emaar scam case. After a few attempts at seeking bail, he finally managed to obtain it from the CBI court and is freely moving around at present, although the CBI's challenge against the trial court bail is being currently heard by high court.Born in 1957 at Tallapudi village in Nellore district's Mutkur mandal, Vijay Sai completed his chartered accountancy in Chennai and later set up shop as VS Reddy and Associates with offices in Chennai, Bangalore and Hyderabad.Sources say that Vijay Sai's association with YSR was cemented in 1978 when the chartered accountant got married to the daughter of Lakireddipalli MLA Ghandikota Ramsubba Reddy. \"YSR, who, too, was an MLA, came for the wedding and immediately took to the soft-spoken and not so articulate Vijay Sai,\" recalls one leader.From then onwards, Vijay Sai became the financial backbone of the YSR family. By 2004, he wound up all his other businesses and started looking exclusively after the YSR family's business interests. \"Vijay Sai and his deputies handle income tax, property and all other financial deals of the 78 members of the YSR family and also their close friends. There is a full team comprising eight members and three advocates handling the YSR family's business affairs while five other advocates look after the interests of the other members of the family,\" sources said.A cursory glance at how YSR rewarded Vijay Sai would explain his worth to the family. Vijay Sai was nominated twice to the TTD executive board and made director of several banks including Oriental Bank of Commerce. He was sent abroad on four occasions as a member of official delegations and also has been appointed on the board of several state government undertakings. In fact, sources said that YSR postponed by a day his swearing-in as chief minister for the second term, in May 2009, to wait for Vijay Sai to get back from a visit to the US.0After YSR's death, in September 2009, Vijay Sai has kept a low profile while managing the affairs of the various Jagan companies. But after CBI began pursuing the Emaar scam and then the Jagan assets case, his protectors began to take preventive measures. Even as plans were on to appoint Vijay Sai as honorary consul of Georgia \u2014 a move that would have given him diplomatic immunity from arrest \u2014 CBI closed in on him.Sources in CBI claim that Vijay Sai is still the key person who can reveal the quid pro quo arrangement that built up Jagan's empire. But till date, he has proven a hard nut to crack and it might require all the expertise of the investigative agency to prove its case in a court of law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13982152", "title": "Mapusa, surrounding villages get power boost", "text": "MAPUSA: Underground electricity cabling for increased quality and reliable power supply will be top priority, said power minister Milind Naik at the inauguration of the renovated and augmented power substation in Mapusa.The power minister along with urban development minister Francis D'Souza and chief electrical engineer Nirmal Braganza, Mapusa municipal council chairperson Sudhir Kandolkar, executive engineer, Mapusa, Ulhas Kerkar and others inaugurated the 3X10 MVA + 8 MVA 33/11 KV transmission substation at Mapusa.The power minister, Naik, who performed the inauguration, said that the government spent over 4.40 crore on the project, adding that the substation would save residents of Mapusa and surrounding villages from the problem of erratic power supply.The substation capacity has been enhanced by 11 MVA - from 27 MVA to 38 MVA. Ten new 10 MVA transformers have been installed to increase the transmission capacity and to take care of the load growth.This substation provides electricity to one-third of the Bardez taluka including Mapusa municipal area, Parra, Verla, Canca, Guirim etc.\"I have accepted the challenge and within 2-3 years, there will be no complaint of power supply or voltage fluctuations and the state will have uninterrupted electricity supply for domestic and industrial purpose,\" said the power minister.Chief electrical engineer Braganza said that for the improvement of the substation, a 33 KVA underground supply line from Tivim station would be laid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13986327", "title": "Fan wants Bhupen Hazarika\u2019s statue to be built at Hajo", "text": "GUWAHATI: Joyram Das, an ardent fan of Bhupen Hazarika, who gained popularity after Hazarika's death for travelling 35 km in a cycle plastered with the bard's posters, now wants a statue of his idol to be built at Hajo, a small town on the outskirts of the city.Joyram, a chowkidar by profession, wants the statue to be built at a children's park at Hajo so that people remember the bard, his philosophies and ideals. \"People are in the habit of forgetting the ideals of great personalities. A statue should be built here in his memory so that the children can also learn about this great man,\" he said.However, since he is illiterate, he has not been able to write to the state government about the issue. \"I have not written to the state government or any of the ministers because of my inability to read and write. I had asked some people to help me in this endeavour of building a statue of the doyen like the one in Dighalipulhuri so that children can learn about the greatness of this man. But, no one is ready to help,\" he said.\"His ideals and philosophies should be propagated in our society and we should learn from it. If my plea can reach the authorities concerned, then I will feel that my endeavour has been successful,\" said Joyram Das.Das not only travelled 35 km after Hazarika's death, he also performed all the rituals as per Hindu tradition like a son would have done for his deceased father. He did not think about his paltry life savings and spent almost all of it in feeding people in his native village. He also travelled to nearby places to propagate his devotion for the bard. Last month on completion of six months of the bard's death, he bought a statue of the doyen and performed the rituals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13978557", "title": "Electric shock turns fatal for AC mechanic", "text": "MYSORE: A mechanic engaged in the maintenance of air conditioners succumbed to injuries on Saturday, two days after sustaining injuries, in Saraswathipuram police station limits.Police said Ajay Kumar, a resident of Kukkarahalli, sustained injuries while working at the regional office of State Bank of India on Thursday. He was admitted to a private hospital, but succumbed to injuries in the wee hours of Saturday, police said.Saraswatipuram police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13985269", "title": "Amravati cops bust gang of dacoits", "text": "AMRAVATI: Rajapeth police busted a gang of dacoits on Friday night and seized a country made pistol, knife and cartridge from them. Those arrested are Suraj Meshram (18), Prashant Warthe (24), Dinesh Sable (19), Sumedh Khadse (18), Vijay Wankhede (22), Dinesh Wakhade (26), Atul Dhole (35), all from Yavatmal, and Jagdish Kadu (24) of Warud.On Saturday, the night patrolling team saw a white car coming from Badnera. The cr did not stop even when the cops tried to stop it. Immediately all squads were informed and soon the car was caught near Gopal Nagar T-point. One of the accused tried to flee but the cops overpowered them and arrested all the eight dacoits.Koli then informed all the squads on night patrolling about the car. Immediately all the squads moved in the direction of the suspicious car. Soon the car was caught near Gopal Nagar T-point. Police told the persons to come out of the car but one of them tried to flee showing the pistol. But the cops outsmarted the dacoits and arrested all the eight persons.Rajapeth police have taken the accused into custody and are trying to ascertain their motive. Sources said that Vijay Wankhede, Jagdish Kadu, Dinesh Wankhede and Atul Dhole have past crime records and the gang had entered the city to commit a dacoity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13995237", "title": "Patience, calm attitude made the difference: Saina Nehwal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Elated after lifting her second title of the year, Indian shuttler Saina Nehwal on Sunday said that patience and a newly-acquired calm demeanour made all the difference in her Thailand Open Grand Prix Gold triumph in Bangkok .The 22-year-old world number five, who had defended the Swiss Open in March, rallied to defeat Thailand's Ratchanok Inthanon 19-21, 21-15, 21-10, to lift her maiden Thailand Open Grand Prix Gold title on Sunday.\"Overall, I am very happy with my performance because I was more relaxed and calm during the matches and it worked for me,\" Saina said from Bangkok.\"There are times when I am under pressure and get irritated but in this tournament even when I was lagging, I was very patient. I didn't commit easy mistakes, I played long rallies and had some good smashes and also my net play was good,\" she added.Saina did not face any top-ranked Chinese in the event but she said it still was a tough field to battle against.\"I am very happy to win this title. It was not easy but I played well in a lot of tough matches but it was a good win to have before the Indonesia Super Series,\" she said referring to next week's event.\"It was a very good match practice and a right way to start the preparation for Olympics. It is tough to compete at the highest level. After Indonesia, (national coach Pullela Gopichand) Gopi sir will draw up my training schedule for the Olympics and this win is for him and my family and supporters who have been there for me.\"Saina said there are areas in her game that she needs to work on but as of now, she is focussed on the tournaments ahead.\"No player is perfect so there are some areas where I have to work on but the next event is just a few days away, so can't do much about it,\" she explained.\"Indonesia would be very tough, I am playing (Shoji) Sato from Japan in the first round and all the Chinese would also be there. I am leaving for Indonesia tomorrow and my matches start from Wednesday,\" she said.\"I won't get much time to acclimatise but it depends on that particular day and how you are feeling. I can't promise a title but I can promise to give my best,\" she added.On whether the Thailand Open triumph would boost her confidence ahead of Olympics, Saina said, \"...it is really good to win but my confidence was never down. It is a different tournament and in all the matches that I have played I have never lost hope of winning.\"In this event also there were two-three matches in which I was down and I came back and this attitude has helped me. I was never tense,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14006879", "title": "Pawan Kalyan launches Julayi audio", "text": "Actor Pawan Kalyan who generally shies away from public events made an exception for Allu Arjun and made his presence felt at the audio launch of Julayi. His presence livened up the proceedings for the hooting fans who thronged the event. He got the biggest applause from the crowd. The Power star launched the music album, presenting the first copy to director Dasari Narayana Rao to thunderous applause. In a brief speech he wished the team of Julayi good luck in his trademark style.It was a star studded evening as a slew of Tollywood celebrities were present at the event. Dr Dasari Narayana Rao,Allu Aravind, Trivikram Srinivas, Naga Babu,Rajamouli,Bandla Ganesh, Rajendra Prasad , Brahmanandam, Ali, Harish Shankar, Naga Babu, Suresh, Ganesh Babu, Tamannaah, Srinu Vaitla, Rajamouli, Sai Dharam Tej, Ramajogayya Shastri, Ramesh Prasad, Tulasi added glamor to proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13979487", "title": "UP govt seeks help from energy exchanges to bridge power gap", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rising mercury aggravates power crisis. And it is not just the common man, but even the state power corporation, which is getting affected. Irked by the same, UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) is looking towards power exchanges (Power Exchange of India and the Indian Energy Exchange) to bridge the demand-supply gap.According to UPPCL officials, the general demand for power in the state dwindles between 10,500 and 11,500 MW. It often crosses 12,000 MW during peak hours (6-10 pm). Power generation in the state, however fails to meet the need. Generating 2,500 MW units of power from state-owned thermal and hydel plants; 1,000 MW from private plants in Rosa and Anpara-C and drawing 4,500 MW from central pool, the state is able to supply about 8,000 MW of electricity.Quite evidently, the gap stands at an average of 2,000 MW in general and about 3,000 MW in peak hours. To bridge the gap, the state is looking up to energy exchanges. \"We have written to the exchanges in this regard,\" said Avanish Awasthi, managing director of UPPCL. However, he did not clarify the exact amount of energy that would be procured. The option of buying power from the central pool closed, as the state is already overdrawing about 1,000 MW power from it, sources said. \"The state is paying about Rs 17 per unit as a penalty for the same,\" said an official.Insiders reveal that exchanges do not give more than 1,000 MW of power to anyone. They normally charge anything between Rs 3.50-4.00 per unit, but in 2011, they charged Rs 4.71 per unit in from a private buyer. Assuming that the state would have to spend Rs 4 per unit in the deal for procuring 1,000 MW electricity, the state will have to spend Rs 9.60 crore per day. Since the demand remains exceptionally high till monsoons arrive, the state may have to spend at least Rs 144 crore over the next 15 days. To fulfil the remaining deficit, the state may go in for bipartite agreements.To maintain a balance of demand and supply, UPPCL resorts to emergency rostering. As a result, most districts witness power cuts of duration ranging from two hours to 12 hours. Some VIP districts like Lucknow, Noida, Etawah, Mainpuri and Rampur are obvious exceptions. Local snags often add to the crisis by increasing the hours of discomfort compelling people to resort to streets as in case of Kanpur where natives of an area saw a four-day long power cut. \"But we do not let cities suffer. The rostering is done in industrial areas,\" said Awasthi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "13981628", "title": "Probe begins into deaths of infants in Jaisalmer", "text": "JAISALMER: The mysterious death of two female infants days after they were born in south Basia area of the district have sent alarm bells ringing. The possibility of female infanticide is not being ruled out and the district administration has begun investigations.The latest death was reported on Saturday when when a girl born in a family at Tejmalta village on Friday was brought to primary health centre at Jhinjhinyali in a serious condition on the next day but the newborn died soon after. On Friday, a newborn girl died in suspicious circumstances in the same hamlet.The deaths have come as a severe blow to the government's 'save girl' campaign in the district where the child sex ratio (0-4 years) stands at 825.After the death of the newborn at the PHC in Jhinjhinyali, the district administration has taken the body in its possession and got the post-mortem done by the medical board and orders have been given for international investigation. In the case of the first death of newborn on Friday at a hamlet in Tejmalta village, the police lodged a case under Section 174 of CrPC have called Panwan Kanwar and Devi Singh, the infants' parents, for inquiry.Confirming the death of a newborn at PHC Jhinjhinyali on Saturday, district collector Shuchi Tyagi said that one Keku Kanwar, wife of Sawai Singh resident of Tejmalta village delivered a baby girl on Friday at her house and on Saturday morning, the family members brought the newborn in serious condition to PHC at Jhinjhinyali, where the newborn died during treatment.District collector said orders have been also issued that if any newborn girl child dies then it should be informed to any system of the administration, whether patwari, gram sevak, police station etc compulsorily and it was also told that stringent action will be taken against the family if they violates the order.On Friday, the police and health officials went to the village to check their house when Pawan Kanwar initially refused the birth of the any child. Later the ANM who had helped in delivery of PHC of Jogidas village was called and she identified Pawan Kanwar. Then she agreed that she had delivered a healthy baby girl through normal delivery, but the newborn died as she could not suck milk from breast.Panwar said for quite a long time, Devi Singh, father of the newborn did not come. Later on, putting pressure he reached the village. The family members had buried the newborn at the back of their house but the body was dug out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13993108", "title": "Truck driver says accident was all LiLo\u2019s fault", "text": "The driver of the truck that Lindsay Lohan crashed her car onto, has come forward to claim that the accident was entirely her fault.The man in question - who has been identified only as James - said that he had been minding his own business when he felt the impact of Lohan's Porsche, TMZ.com.When the driver of the semi-truck was asked if he tried to cut her off, he emphatically denied it and claims he has multiple witnesses that saw Lindsay \"flying\" down the highway. He said that he couldn't have cut Lohan off because he was already in the right lane when the accident occurred. \"She came over and hit the back of the truck. Then the car pulled up on the sidewalk,\" the Daily Mail quoted him as saying. He claimed that he can prove it, with the help of eyewitnesses who were at the scene.\"They have a video of this whole incident,\" he said.The truck driver said that he was driving at 40 miles per hour along the Pacific Coast Highway when the ' Mean Girls ' star hit him. The star was taken to the Santa Monica UCLA Hospital following the crash but was discharged after a check-up by doctors. She then reportedly headed straight from hospital to the set of her latest movie ' Liz and Dick '.Lohan reportedly requested to have her injuries covered up with make-up so that she could quickly resume her role, refusing to allow producers to cancel the day of filming.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13997820", "title": "New plan to cut thriving black market of kerosene", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has a new plan to overcome the rampant black marketing and diversion of kerosene distributed through fair price shops.Almost a year and a half after the illegal trade accounted for the life of Nashik additional collector Yeshwant Sonavane, the state government has decided to revise the distribution model. As per the new plan, a fix quota of kerosene is proposed to be made available to eligible families. The current system uses number of persons in the family as a norm for distribution of the \"poor man's fuel.\"The state food and civil supplies department is also considering a proposal to fix the days on which the kerosene supply would be made available to the fair price shops. A similar model has already been put in place for supply of food grains included in essential commodities. A cabinet sub committee has already supported the idea, and it could soon come up before the state cabinet.Currently, with people being unaware of their quotas and the days on which the kerosene supply reaches fair price shops, several retailers keep such information under wraps and divert the quota which is not picked up. According to a conservation estimates by the union oil ministry, which is responsible for supplying the subsidized kerosene to states, as much as 40% of the kerosene supplied is siphoned off and sold in the black market. Instead of making it to the homes of the needy, it is then used as furnace oil in industries and even used for adulteration of diesel and lubricants.Meanwhile, in some related news, families eligible for supply of kerosene could get an increased share in June and July this month. Following the state government's request, the oil ministry has released additional quota for three months. The state had argued for higher allocation after the centre reduced the original quota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13987360", "title": "Rescued tigress, cubs safe, says forest minister", "text": "BHOPAL: Four days after a tiger was found poached in this forest circle, Madhya Pradesh forest minister Sartaj Singh on Saturday said a tigress that has possibly ventured out of Ratapani wildlife sanctuary and gave birth to two cubs in the forested area of the region, is safe and fine.\"The tigress and its two cubs are fine and the mammals are being monitored day in and day out by forest department officials,\" Singh told TOI.He said that special teams have been formed to protect the felines and two cubs. \"We are not disclosing the place of the feline to ensure that the poachers don't get the sniff off it,\" he added.Two days ago, the national tiger conservation authority (NTCA) had asked the state to step up monitoring of the tigress and other endangered animals in the wake of tiger poaching in adjoining Sehore district, just 40 km from the state capital.A year ago, when the now dead tiger and the tigress were noticed in the forested area on the outskirts of the state capital, NTCA had issued an advisory to the state government to strengthen the two big cats' monitoring.Wild animals, especially tigers usually have a habit of moving out from the parks to a long distance. Ratapani is said to have run short of space for the tiger given the big cat population rose to 16 in and around this sanctuary according to the last year census, from 9 as per the big cat counts of 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13983893", "title": "Parents hire detectives to get the dope on colleges", "text": "CHENNAI: Educational institutions discreetly inquiring about students is passe . In a role reversal, parents seeking the best campus for their wards are approaching private detectives to do background checks on professional colleges in the country.Agrowing number of parents, mostly NRIs, are hiring detectives to find out the fee structure, qualification of faculty, overall facilities, results, placements and even the kind of students they admit. Parents say they just don't have the time to zero in on the best institution as professional colleges mushrooming across the country make unverifiable claims. Detective agencies say they have been getting calls from parents in the Middle East since March. The agencies submit a detailed report about the college within a fortnight for a fee, which varies from . 8,000 to . 50,000. The reports usually list out the merits and demerits of the educational institutions.Rahul Rai, senior associate of Mumbai-based Veteran Investigation, says the trend is adding to their business. \"It is mainly because of the spurt in professional colleges and fake campus placements. This year we received 120 inquiries from parents,\" he said.Arul Manimaaran, MD of the Chennai-based Star Detective India, says his agency has received 17 clients seeking details of colleges. The fees vary with the location of the college, since the detectives have to travel for gathering information. \"If the college is within the city, we charge around . 10,000. If it is in other districts it may go up to . 20,000. For campuses in other states we charge . 30,000 to . 50,000,\" he says. Students are primary source for informationMost agencies have branches across the country. Others network with agencies in other states. Former students are often the primary source of information. \"We interact with college staff and locals . We checkwiththe approving authoritiesif thecollegehas all recognition ,\" saysM animaaran .Parents have their reasons . Lakshmi Devarajan , approached an agency for her son'sengineering admission , says crosschecking records was the biggest challenge . \"Many colleges claim they have 100% placement. It is difficultfor parents ,especially those abroad ,to crosscheck this,\" says Lakshmi . M Ranjani , mother of a studentseeking admission to a private medical college finds the arrangement more professional than paying admission brokers . \"They (the agencies ) aretrustworthy and itsavestime and money ,\" shesays .Naman Jain , managing director of Sleuths India , says parents are also worried about the kind of students their children would be mixing withon campus . \"They wanttoensurethat the college is free from ragging and drug abuse ,\" hesays .(Names of parents havebeen changed )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13983978", "title": "Burning garbage chokes PallikaranaiD madha", "text": "Residents of Pallikaranai woke up to thick smoke on Saturday . Many residents , who went to their terraces , saw huge flames at the dump yard opposite the Pallikaranai marshland . Thick smoke engulfed several areas resulting in poor visibility .One of the residents alerted the Tamil Nadu Fire &amp; Rescue Services . Six fire tenders from Guindy came to the spot . The blaze continued to spread despite their best efforts . With thick smoke reducing visibility and garbage piles blocking the way to interior parts of the dumping yard , the fire fighters stood helpless .The firemen were battling the blaze with water till 3pm and they finally put it out using sand .Traffic came to a halt between MRTS flyover and Pallikaranai on Velachery Main Road for several hours . The smokescreen also caused an accident when a biker on Velachery Main Road dashed against a lorry and sustained head injuries . Traffic was diverted to Madipakkam Main Road and Pallavaram-Thoraipakkam Radial Road .\"Fire at the dump yard has become a routine affair , putting thousands of residents at risk . Houses in the surrounding areas of the dump yard are covered with ash . How long can we tolerate this?\" said S Radhakrishnan , a resident of Madipakkam .A similar incident happened on April 19. A day after the incident , a team of corporation and environmental officials inspected the dump yard and recommended safety measures . With the summer heat yet to abate and ragpickers going around the dump yard , it remains vulnerable .\"Rag pickers sometimes set fire to garbage to collect metals . Without adequate staff to man the vast dump yard , it is difficult to monitor activites inside the yard ,\" said a corporation official who is posted at the yard .Areas surrounding the dumpyard such as North and South Ram Nagar , Sadavivanagar and Periyar Nagar of Madipakkam , Vijayanagar in Velachery and Mayillai Balaji Nagar in Pallikaranai are the worst affected . Dumping of easily inflammable material and chemical substances in the yards has been taking a heavy toll on the environment .Spread over 15 acres of land , the dump yard has been in use for more than five decades mainly by the Alandur municipality earlier .After the city's expansion , garbage from Alandur , Ullagaram-Puzhuthivakkam and Madipakkam is dumped here . Every day around 120 tonnes of garbage is dumped here .madhavan.d@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13982019", "title": "Goa Chamber of Commerce and Industry holds awareness programme for hoteliers", "text": "PANAJI: To improve food safety standards among food vending establishments in the state, the Goa Chamber of Commerce and Industry (GCCI) and the directorate of the food and drugs administration in association with Indian Register Quality Systems (IRQS) conducted an awareness programme for hotels , restaurants, and other food outlets on the Food Safety and Standards Act today.Jyoti Sardesai, deputy director, FDA, gave the participants a background on the need for this awareness programme.C S Shankar, head of business development, said IRQS, was certifying organizations in various industry segments for different management standards like ISO 9001, ISO 14001, OHSAS 18001, ISO/TS 16949 and Food Safety Management System ISO 22000, ISO 27001, ISO 28000 and ISO 50001. IRQS carries out certification for ISO.Manguirish Pai Raiker, president of GCCI, said that in Goa the FDA has been known for pro-activeness and has provided advice and guidance to the food industry to implement the laws.He thanked the FDA director for organizing the seminar and the IRQS for providing the skilled faculty. The sessions were conducted by Satish Kumar Gupta, assessor, FSMS from IRQS. He highlighted the fact that earlier the stress was on food security and now with this Act, the focus is on food safety.There were a variety of laws on the subject and it was difficult to monitor and implement all of them. The introduction of the FSSA has brought all these legislations under one law and now the onus lies on the food provider to supply safe food. Over 100 hoteliers participated in the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13978020", "title": "Karnataka city municipal corporations to have common recruitment regulations", "text": "DHARWAD: Employees working at city municipal corporations in Karnataka for over years will have to be ready to be transferred to other CMCs in the state. The department of urban development is mulling over framing and implementing common cadre and recruitment rules for the municipal corporations in the state.Minister for urban development Suresh Kumar indicated this here on Saturday to reporters during his visit to inspect the ongoing infrastructure development works.He said the new cadre and recruitment rule would also provide more opportunities for promotion to employees.The common cadre and recruitment rules were to be implemented in April 2011. But it was delayed as certain persons managed to obtain stay on this move from the court.The government will take steps to vacate the stay and implement the common cadre and recruitment rule at the earliest, he said.Suresh Kumar said there was no proposal before the government to abolish the Urban Development Authorities (UDA). But some of the UDAs have expressed inability to continue functioning as there was no or very little scope for development activities. Hence, an idea had been mooted to modify such UDAs into Urban Planning Authorities (APA).A high power committee is studying the matter, he said.Replying to a query he said the bifurcation of the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) could be considered if there was a demand from the elected representatives of the city.The minister visited Jamkhandimath lay out, Kelgeri Tank, Purohit Nagar, Hubli toll naka, water filter house at Aminabhavi and waste management centre at Dharwad.The minister was accompanied by DC Darpan Jain and officials from HDMC besides elected representatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13993678", "title": "Will take Obama's cooking challenge after polls: Indian chef", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian-origin chef Vikas Khanna , who recently cooked for Barack Obama at a fund-raiser event, says he would like to take up the American President's challenge and compete with his cooking of keema curry some day after the US elections.\"President Obama actually is a very big foodie. The President loves spicy food and I'm sure he enjoyed our creations, inspired by Himalayas...,\" says the Michelin- starred chef.\"Time and again he has asked me to compete with his cooking of keema curry. One day after the elections, I'll take him on the challenge,\" Amritsar-born Khanna, who recently came out with a cookbook \"Flavors First: An Indian Chef's Culinary Journey ,\" told PTI.The book last week had won America's prestigious Benjamin Franklin Award.According to Khanna, the main character of Indian food imparts a great new flavour to American diners.\"The youth that grew up with me love the food.\" Khanna has just finished a book called \"Return to the Rivers,\" a reflection of the Himalayan culture and people. The book celebrates the amazing tradition of sharing and the foreword is written by the Dalai Lama.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "13983187", "title": "Don't talk to foreigners, warns TV ad", "text": "CAIRO: Egyptian state television has come out with an ad warning people against talking to foreigners who could turn out to be spies, a move slammed by social media users who say it will only help increase levels of xenophobia in society.The ad features a man entering a cafe where a group of young people are sitting and chatting. The \"foreign spy\" joins them as they talk about the political and economic situation in the country.A voiceover says the spy is receiving \"valuable information\" from normal people talking about problems in Egypt , such as traffic and fuel shortages . Twitter users mocked the commercial, particularly a bit in which the 'spy' says the word \"Really?\" in English.\"The ad was removed on Friday night because we were concerned that it was being misunderstood,\" Ali Abderrahman , president of public channels Nile Drama and Nile cinema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13987458", "title": "Three die, seven hurt in accident near Kolar road", "text": "BHOPAL: Three of a family, including a minor boy and a woman were killed while seven others sustained injuries in an accident, which took place at busy Kolar tri-section on Friday late night.After attending a function, the family was returning home in an auto-rickshaw, when a speeding SUV collided head-on with their vehicle, killing one on-the-spot and critically injuring the woman and the child. Later, both of them succumbed to the injuries in the hospital.The car driver, who is yet to be indentified, fled the spot with the vehicle after the incident, the police said. Condition of an injured woman was stated to be critical. The deceased have been identified as Sandeep, 25, Puja, 32, and Arpit, 6.All the victims belonged to the same family and they reside near 5 Number Bus Stop. An Irate mob gathered on the spot after the incident and staged a chakka jam, demanding stern action against the errant driver. The police were not able to trace the SUV even after 24 hours of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13992726", "title": "After CAG rap, IAF asked to complete projects on time", "text": "NEW DELHI: Following a rap by CAG for over a two-decade-delay in commissioning a forward airfield and not activating another for fighter aircraft use, the defence ministry has asked the Indian Air Force to take steps to ensure such strategic projects are completed in time.The CAG in its report on performance audit of defence services (2010-11) had questioned the \"inordinate delay\" in development of airbases.It had said that despite sanctioning an additional Rs 25.17 crore for speedy completion of the project on fast track basis, frequent changes in plans led to a delay of over two decades in commissioning a strategic forward base airfield.The paragraph has been considered by Parliament's Public Accounts Committee for examination.In its reply to the PAC, the defence ministry has said the airfield at Phalodi (Rajasthan) is now being optimally utilised by fighter aircraft.The ministry has advised the IAF headquarters to take \"appropriate measures\" to ensure that strategically important projects like development of airbases are taken up after \"meticulous and comprehensive planning\" so that they are completed within the schedule time and cost.Citing increasing number of airfields in Pakistan , an approval was granted for the construction of a Fighter Base Support Unit (FBSU) in March, 1985 at Phalodi at a cost of Rs 29.33 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13982911", "title": "Power staff left clueless on duration of load-shedding", "text": "Gurgaon: Even as Gurgaon is reeling under unscheduled power cuts, those managing power supply in Haryana say the wide swings in the demand-supply gap, leaving people unaware of power outages. Consider this - a Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitaran Nigam ( DHBVN) circular mentions scheduled power cut between 2pm and 4pm. However, there was a sudden shortfall in the evening, with demand being 200 lakh units and supply falling to 144 lakh units at 7pm. This plunged large parts of Gurgaon into darkness, well beyond the 4pm deadline in DHBVN's circular. The circular said the timing was in effect from May 25 \"till further notice\". Officials attribute these sudden shortfalls to a number of factors, the most striking being the delay in the start to production at the Jharli power plant in Jhajjar district. Sources said there was a supply of 1,139 lakh units of power on Friday in the whole of Haryana against a demand of about 1,300 lakh units, causing a shortfall of about 200 lakh units. Gurgaon got a supply of 150 lakh units against an estimated demand of 200 LU on Friday. The gap of 50 lakh units, which excludes line losses up to 15%, resulted in unscheduled power cuts that stretched up to eight hours. Authorities in DHBVN's Gurgaon circle, however, maintained that the total cuts lasted for five hours, which included an unscheduled cut for one hour. \"An unscheduled one-hour cut was due to lower frequency on account of non-availability of power from the grid,\" said Subhash Deswal, superintending engineer, Gurgaon circle. And, with no mechanism in place in Gurgaon circle to inform residents of the rotation-wise power cuts from feeders of their area, it adds to the woes of residents who are not aware of the schedule. \"We do not know whether the power cuts we are facing are scheduled or unscheduled. What we know is that we are facing tough times as power cuts stretch up to eight hours. There is no move to apprise residents of the power cuts,\" said Sudhir Kapoor, general secretary of DLF City Residents' Welfare Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13977802", "title": "Traffic chaos at Mehdipatnam", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mehdipatnam may well be a major connecting point to the key areas of the city but with hawkers occupying major portions of the road along with bad traffic management, it has become one of the most chaotic areas.A comprehensive transport study (CTS) commissioned by HMDA and taken up by LEA Associates South Asia Pvt Ltd in December last year highlighted several problems and suggestions to cure them in the 4.6 sq km of Mehdipatnam from Humayun Nagar to Towlichowki but residents and traders rue that little has changed.According to traders in the vicinity of the Rythu Bazaar near the Mehdipatnam bus terminal, traffic woes for commuters begin at Meraj cafe junction on the road coming from Asifnagar and joining Mehdipatnam main road. \"During evening, proceeding to Mehdipatnam from Meraj cafe can be time consuming and tiring as the traffic tapers to a one-way. While buses near the Rythu Baazar bring traffic to a halt on the road, hawkers and parked vehicles block the short stretch further. Customers engaged by the hawkers also eat into the road space,\" said V Raghunath, a trader from the area. He added that though the cops try to enforce no-parking rules, chaos prevails supreme.When contacted, officials of APSRTC complained that the GHMC does not clean garbage dumped by sellers at Rythu Bazaar which prevents buses from entering the bus bay. \"For over a year now the bus terminal near Rythu Bazaar has become unusable owing to the accumulated garbage. So the buses stop on the road itself and passengers avoid the bay obstructing vehicular movement in the process,\" fumed depot manager Mohammed Amjad Ali Khan.Traffic personnel from Humayun Nagar and Towlichowki traffic police stations maintain that they have been doing their bit. V Yadgiri Swamy, inspector of Humayun Nagar police station said, \"Though we have been strictly implementing no-parking rule, congestion results owing to vehicular parking around Rythu Bazaar. Consider the proximity of the Gudimalkapur market, the authorities can consider relocating the Bazaar.\"Inspector of Towlichowki police station K Rajendra Kulkarni informed that encroachments near the Towlichowki junction were causing some traffic impediment and they are waiting for the GHMC to evacuate them.Officials of GHMC admit that there are encroachments and that sidewalks are required but do not indicate when these could be put into place. \"We are focusing on linking roads, flyovers, and junctions where we are demolishing properties. There are encroachments near Rythu Bazaar that have to be addressed,\" said Central Zone city planner Moinuddin.GHMC does not clear garbage dumped by the Rythu Bazaar in the bus bays, making them unusable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13992842", "title": "Contempt petition filed against Asif Ali Zardari in Lahore high court", "text": "LAHORE: A contempt petition has been filed against Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari for continuing to hold the political office of head of the ruling PPP in violation of a court's order.Lawyer Muhammad Azhar Siddique said in his petition filed in the Lahore High Court yesterday that Zardari had not disassociated himself from the political office as soon as possible, as expected in a decision given by the High Court on the President's dual offices in May last year.Siddique said the directions issued by the High Court had not been obeyed and the President had not stopped \"misusing\" the premises of the presidency for the purpose of his party.He alleged the President had called National Assembly Speaker Fehmida Mirza and greeted her for giving a ruling in favour of Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani after the Premier was convicted for contempt by the Supreme Court.He claimed this action said a lot and confirmed the bias of the leader of a political party.The PPP is adamant about not obeying the orders of the courts of Pakistan and this could be gathered from the public statements of the Prime Minister, Siddique claimed.He pleaded that the use of the presidency for partisan political activity by Zardari was not only illegal but amounted to contempt of the order of the High Court dated May 12, 2011.Siddique asked the court to issue the President a show cause notice and charge him for contempt of court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13981356", "title": "Surge in diploma engineering applications", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Admission Committee for Professional Diploma Courses (ACPDC) is expecting a rise in the number of students applying for diploma engineering courses after the class X examination.ACPDC officials said that a 50 per cent spike in applications was likely this year in relation to last year's figures. They said that last year 1.05 lakh students had applied for admission in diploma courses. \"We expect about 1.5 lakh applications for about 55,000 seats this year,\" an official said.On the first day of the distribution of admissions forms - which began from June 7 - 32,837 students filled up forms. The number of forms sold in the first three days was about 69,000.Officials said that they have been receiving complaints from students that the online application code given with course booklets was not being accepted by the system.An official said, \"We found that there were several students who had not received the valid code. We have now decided to change the information booklet and also give a new code. Students can approach the Punjab National Bank for new booklets.\" Also there were complaints that letters or numbers were missing from the code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13992725", "title": "How to keep Athlete's foot at bay", "text": "Beauty expert Shahnaz Husain tells you how to take care of your feet during the monsoonA foot problem called \"Athlete's Foot\" develops more easily during hot and humid weather, because it thrives on soggy (wet) skin. It starts as a fungal infection. So, if there is dry scaling on the feet, especially between the toes, with some itching, be sure to consult a dermatologist immediately.Anti-fungal preparations are effective in dealing with the problem in the initial stages. Excessive moisture caused by excessive sweating, tight shoes and humid weather can lead to bacterial activity and this worsens the condition. Avoid socks and wear open shoes, use talcum powder and keep the feet as dry as possible.In fact, during the hot and humid season, the feet should be exposed to the air as much as possible. Weekly pedicures help to keep the feet and nails clean and prevent fungal infections, especially in hot and humid weather.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13980918", "title": "Mithilesh and Rubina critical", "text": "New Delhi: Mithilesh (19) and Rubina (30) who suffered severe head injuries while riding pillion without helmet are still critical. They are on ventilator support and according to doctors at the AIIMS Trauma Centre, the possibility of their complete recovery is difficult.\"Mithilesh is very critical and less likely to survive. Her condition has deteriorated over the last 48 hours despite a major surgery to remove the bone and the blood clot from the brain,\" said Dr Deepak Agarwal, neurosurgeon at the Trauma Centre. Rubina, who is seven months pregnant, is critical but stable. \"There is no further deterioration in her condition. The foetus is still alive,\" Dr Agarwal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13981454", "title": "Ghatkopar emerges as abortion capital of Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The central suburb of Ghatkopar has emerged as the abortion capital of Mumbai. Over the past five years, though the number of abortions in the city has been on a decline, Ghatkopar has topped the chart as the area where the maximum medical termination of pregnancies was conducted.In 2011, there were 2,110 abortions done in N ward that falls in Ghatkopar area, with K ward in Andheri (E) following it with 1,784 abortions. Other areas like Kurla with 1,328 abortions, Elphinstone (1,284) and Dadar/Plaza area (1,246) have been identified as high abortion wards, according to data provided by Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation in response to an RTI filed by activist Chetan Kothari.Kothari said though he had asked for the reasons for abortions, the BMC in its reply stated that it was unavailable. BMC executive health officer Dr Anil Bandiwadekar said it was difficult to interpret the numbers. \"A couple may have suffered from contraceptive failure, or may have an unplanned or unwanted pregnancy. Moreover, the woman may be unmarried, because of which she decides to undergo an abortion. Since all these abortions are legal, the statistics are in no way an indication of gender preferences in society,\" he said.But activists are not convinced. \"The abortion numbers point to a need for access to safe contraceptive options for men and women,\" said A L Sharda, director of Population First, an NGO that works for gender equality. \"Many a time, even lack of money to raise a child also forces a couple to terminate the pregnancy. Moreover, the high court had passed an order giving the right to the family of a mentally retarded pregnant woman to abort her child,\" said Kothari.There are many other reasons like danger to mother's health if she continues with the pregnancy or the foetus being diagnosed with conditions like Down's Syndrome. \"In such cases too, it is better for the mother to abort the child than give it a life full of suffering,\" said a gynecologist from Sion Hospital.The statistics show that most wards have abortions done in private hospitals but areas having major civic hospitals showed that termination was done in BMC hospitals. For instance, in F wards for example, where KEM and Sion Hospitals are situated, the number of abortions done by the BMC were 772 and 537, respectively\u2014more than double the abortions done in private hospital.\"The areas which have the facility to conduct abortions will have more number of abortions. Abortions are a right of a woman and their numbers cannot be reasoned,\" said Bandiwadekar.Private hospitals preferred for abortionsBut activists are not convinced. \"The abortion numbers point to a need for access to safe contraceptive options for men and women,\" said A L Sharda, director of Population First, an NGO that works for gender equality. \"Many a time, even lack of money to raise a child also forces a couple to terminate the pregnancy. Moreover, the high court had passed an order giving the right to the family of a mentally retarded pregnant woman to abort her child,\" said Kothari.There are many other reasons like danger to mother's health if she continues with the pregnancy or the foetus being diagnosed with conditions like Down's Syndrome. \"In such cases too, it is better for the mother to abort the child than give it a life full of suffering,\" said a gynecologist from Sion Hospital.The statistics show that most wards have abortions done in private hospitals but areas having major civic hospitals showed that termination was done in BMC hospitals. For instance, in F wards for example, where KEM and Sion Hospitals are situated, the number of abortions done by the BMC were 772 and 537, respectively\u2014more than double the abortions done in private hospital.\"The areas which have the facility to conduct abortions will have more number of abortions. Abortions are a right of a woman and their numbers cannot be reasoned,\" said Bandiwadekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13981153", "title": "Ahmedabad pays tribute to M F Husain", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Often called the Picasso of India, Maqbool Fida Husain, popularly known as M F Husain , was a colossal artist of modern Indian art. To commemorate him on his first death anniversary, an exhibition was kicked off by Dhanvi Shah at Marvel Art Gallery on Saturday. Offering tribute to Husain on behalf of the artist community are seven artists from all over the country, who have exhibited several of Husain's prints and stereographs.Artist Harshil Patel's work shows Husain as the king of cards, occupying the red pedestal of the art world, amid many strewn cards. \"The game of card symbolizes Husain Saab's life, where though he was a master artist, there were conflicts he had to negotiate through,\" says Patel, who has worked with him on Amdavad ni Gufa. \"But my work is an expression and tribute to the times I have spent with him.\" However, most other artists take off from Husain's formal stylistic elements.Privithiraj Mali reminisces a Husain-show in Delhi, with an installation of 'Bharat Mata', and icons like flower pot with roses on a cushioned stool (Husain's exhibits at Delhi). The addition - a tub of cut thumbs, is his homage, like that of Eklavya's to his teacher! Another interesting work is Neeta Modi's, where she captures Husain on the canvas 'barcoded' within his inescapable style.Artist Bansi Khatri paints a scroll, 'Maqbool-Nama', tracing Husain's journey in art - right from the time he painted film posters to his first solo show in 1951 to his musings with Madhuri and Bollywood to building Amdavad ni Gufa - rechristening him as the Shahenshah-e-Alam of the art world.While Sajal Sarkar offers a series of postal stamps with Husain and his art work, Preksha Kapadia fulfils Husain's unfulfilled wish of musing Vidya Balan , and Sachin Nimbalkar makes a 'rocking' throne for the master artist. The exhibition only celebrates Husain, who was a divinity for aspiring artists. However, controversies stoked by those who misunderstood him, and his forced exile, were as much a part of his legend as the devotion he inspired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13987569", "title": "State not to rope in star brand ambassador", "text": "BHOPAL: The buzz over Abhishek Bachchan, Vidya Balan, Ranbir Kapoor or any other Bollywood celebrities being roped in as the brand ambassador of Madhya Pradesh has finally died down for quite a simple reason.The state realized that these celebrity ambassadors cannot help add to the number of foreign tourists visiting the state.Madhya Pradesh State Tourism Development Corporation's managing director Pankaj Raag told TOI, \"As of now, no proposal is under consideration for roping in any Bollywood celebrity as state's brand ambassador\".\"The tourism corporation's efforts have been in the direction of getting as many foreign tourists as possible. And since a Bollywood celebrity as brand ambassador would not help much, except adding the glamour quotient, the corporation is focusing more on its overseas promotional campaigns,\" Raag added.The buzz on having a brand ambassador for Madhya Pradesh started after Gujarat appointed Amitabh Bachchan to promote the state as a brand. Taking a cue from there, the MP Eco Tourism Board floated the idea of having Abhishek Bachchan as the brand ambassador.The junior Bachchan, after initial talks, asked for a formal proposal which the state government failed to forward, official sources said. Subsequently, the names of Vidya Balan and Ranbir Kapoor cropped up.\"If Gujarat has a brand ambassador, it is not necessary that Madhya Pradesh too should have one,\" an official said. The state has been struggling to increase the number of foreign visitors. It appears that popular ads like \"Hindustan Ka Dil Dekho\" and \"MP Ajab Hai\" have been able to attract only domestic tourists.Figures point that the number of domestic tourists visiting the state have gone up from 2.20 crore in 2008 to 4.41 crore in 2011 while there has been only a marginal growth the number of foreigners visiting MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13980949", "title": "No entry from Mahamarg exit route", "text": "NASHIK: The exit gate of the Mahamarg bus stand has been partially closed since Saturday in an attempt to put an end to the continuous menace of bus drivers using the exit gate to enter the bus stand, which has been causing continuous traffic snarls on the entire stretch across the bus stand.Vehicles entering the bus stand have to make a U turn from under the flyover.Around 350 outstation buses arrive and depart from the Mahamarg bus stand daily. Since the stand is located at the intersection of the Mumbai Agra Highwawy and the Old Mumbai Agra Road, now become an important junction in the city, there is daily traffic congestion here.Following commuter complaints, traffic police intervened to ensure that the depot management block entry access at the exit gate.In a bid to further streamline traffic flow opposite the stand, traffic cops had earlier put concrete blocks on the road to serve as road dividers.Subsequently the traffic department also placed barricades to prevent vehicles from haphazardly changing lanes and adding to the congestion.By placing dividers and barricades traffic officials pointed out they were going out of their way to fulfill what should ideally be the responsibility of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC).Traffic officials added that the civic authorities are also not keen on removing hawker encroachment which is another cause for slow-moving traffic on the road.Senior officials of the traffic department said that with the exception of lunch time, a traffic cop is continually deployed at the exit gate of the bus stand. They added that despite this, many bus drivers use the same exit gate for entering the bus stand.However officials hope that over a period of time if drivers learn traffic discipline, the proportion of traffic snarls on this busy junction would be reduced by 40%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13984660", "title": "Boy's body found in Gandhi Sagar", "text": "NAGPUR: An unidentified nude body of a boy, aged between 10 to 12 years, was found floating in Gandhi Sagar Lake opposite Raman Science Centre on Saturday evening.Morning walkers saw the body and alerted Ganeshpeth police. Cops searched nearby areas but could not find any clue like clothes, footwear or bag to know the boy's identity.No injury marks was found on the body. \"The death is suspicious,\" said police.The body was sent to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) for post mortem. Cops are interrogating people from nearby areas to know the boy's identity.Cops also suspect that the boy may have gone for swimming with his friends and might have drowned accidentally. Ganeshpeth police registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13981548", "title": "Airline told to pay couple for defective seats", "text": "MUMBAI: The National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission has ordered Air India (AI) to offer business-class return air tickets on the Mumbai-New York-Mumbai sector or pay a compensation of Rs 1.6 lakh to a senior citizen couple who faced physical pain due to defective seats on a New York-Mumbai flight.Gujarat-based Tarun Seth and his wife had purchased two business-class tickets for Rs 2,39,537 for a return journey from New York to Mumbai. When they boarded the flight in 2004, they found their seats to be defective\u2014they did not slide or move forward. They immediately complained to the airline staff and were promised a change in seats or an upgrade in London. But no action was taken.The Seths had to sit in an upright position throughout their journey, enduring pain and discomfort. The seat upgradation was provided only from Delhi to Mumbai as the flight was full.On their arrival in Mumbai, the airline, in acknowledgment of its deficiency, offered the Seths business-class tickets on the Mumbai-London-Mumbai sector. The Seths did not accept this and requested tickets from Mumbai to New York with a halt in London. But the airline did not accept their condition of a halt in London.The Seths then sought a refund of their business-class tickets from New York to Mumbai. As the airline did not accept this, the Seths filed a complaint in a district forum.AI said while it was willing to compensate the Seths, it couldn't accommodate their request for a halt in London as it was no longer operating that flight with a halt in London.The forum directed the airline to refund the ticket amount with a cumulative interest of 9% per annum and Rs10, 000 towards mental agony, harassment and litigation cost.Aggrieved by this order, the national carrier filed an appeal before the state commission in Gujarat, which upheld the forum's order but directed that the airline pay simple interest at the rate of 9% per annum instead of cumulative interest. The airline then moved the national commission.AI contended that as the Seths had completed their journey, the order of the state commission to refund the entire ticket amount was not justified. The airlines stated that it was ready to pay the Seths Rs 1 lakh as compensation.The national commission said that as the Seths suffered physical inconvenience and mental agony because of defective seats on a long flight, the airline was bound to compensate them for deficiency in service. However, the commission observed that the compensation ordered by the state commission is on the higher side considering that the Seths had travelled and completed their journey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13978135", "title": "Parishat undertakes postcard campaign", "text": "MANGALORE: Dakshina Kannada district unit of Kannada Sahitya Parishat will undertake a postcard campaign to elicit views of educationists and stake holders on education policy of state government vis-a-vis Kannada.The Parishat intends to seek written views from organizations, educational institutions, litterateurs, writers and parents on the issue, formulate a concerted response to the issue and bring it to government's attention.Pradeep Kumar Kalkura, president of district unit of the Parishat, opined that the state is presently facing several problems on diverse fronts. This has brought forth a situation where Kannada, as a language, is facing problems, Kalkura said.\"The current education policy in the state has given rise to a situation where linguistic minority institutions can give a complete go-by to Kannada. This would lead to a situation with Kannada language becoming an orphan, in its land of origin, would be felt widespread,\" Kalkura said. Opining that this is not a scenario that very many people in the state envisaged, and one with dangerous ramifications, Kalkura added that the sad part was that there was no clear stand on Kannada language in the state and the government's policies was only compounding the situation.\"The state government has permitted English as medium of instruction from Class VI onwards. An impression has been created that rural students will find themselves out of sync with rest of the world without English education,\" Kalkura said.\"This is the very reason why the Parishat wants to undertake the campaign,\" he said adding those interested must send across their views on two issues. Firstly, the state government without differentiating between medium of instruction in educational institutions should introduce English as one of the subject from Class I while retaining Kannada as the medium of instruction. He also addressed the issue of Kannada being retained as a compulsory subject from Class VI and facilitating English as the medium of instruction from thereon. Call: 98450-83736.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "general (retired) j j singh, the former army chief and current governor of arunachal pradesh, has been in the news in recent months for his alleged role in the date of birth controversy involving gen v k singh, who retired from service last week. in an interview with shobhan saxena, the former general talks about his new autobiography, the relationship between the bureaucracy and the military leadership and the recent controversies in the armed forces", "code": "13984437", "title": "I didn\u2019t set up a line of succession in army", "text": "General (retired) J J Singh, the former Army chief and current governor of Arunachal Pradesh, has been in the news in recent months for his alleged role in the date of birth controversy involving Gen V K Singh, who retired from service last week. In an interview with Shobhan Saxena, the former general talks about his new autobiography, the relationship between the bureaucracy and the military leadership and the recent controversies in the armed forces:What made you write your autobiography, \"A Soldier's General\"?I have been maintaining on my computer a few trigger points that would remind me of those events, anecdotes and experiences that are important in my life. The book is a way of recording the events which I thought were significant. A major part of my 60-plus life \u2014 almost 47 years \u2014 has been in uniform. I wanted people to know about my background. So I tracked the genealogy of my family. I happen to be a third-generation officer. My grandfather was a sepoy in the Army. My father retired as a colonel. I was fortunate to have risen to the rank of chief. I grew up in a secular, all-India environment because my father was in the Army. I want people to know where I come from and how I became what I am today.As a former soldier, how difficult was it to put your thoughts on paper?There is always a dilemma in writing an autobiography \u2014 are you trying to praise yourself more than you should? That question came to me, I considered it and decided that I will write about facts, even if they appear to be in self-praise and I will be as forthcoming with my thoughts as possible. I have tried to make the book very light for readers by including humour and real-life challenges. And I have worked on it for four-five years. I 'broke' two computers in the process and punched out more than two lakh words.Often books written by former Army chiefs or generals become controversial. Do you also have some explosive stuff in your book?I did not aim to write controversial stuff deliberately or focus on certain issues for the sake of controversy. I have written facts, and also being in the constitutional position that I am, I had to be careful while writing about sensitive matters. So I had that compulsion; it perhaps constrained me to some extent. But I have been factually correct. I have tried to write it as honestly as possible.Have you addressed the issue where some people accused you of communal bias when you were the Army chief?I have not specifically written about it but I have mentioned that there was a PIL filed on this issue and it was rejected by the Supreme Court. It was a baseless allegation and the court saw the game being played. It was not in the best interest of the country and the armed forces.But your name was dragged again and again into the controversy about Gen V K Singh's date of birth...I have not tried to analyse this issue; it's for the people to analyse. I have always been a secular son of my country. When I was appointed the Army chief, the media came to me and someone asked me, 'General, how does it feel to be the first Sikh Army Chief?' And I replied, 'It never struck me. I consider myself first and foremost an Indian.' People tend to forget all this because they have short memory. And that's why some people tried to drag me into a fictitious story that accused me of having a communal plan and setting up a line of succession. It was not true at all.But there is a general perception that all those controversies erupted because a line of succession was put in place by you...That's all fictitious. It can't be done in any organization. To set up a line of succession in the Army, you must have an entire generation of officers supporting you because the way promotions are done, it's a very transparent system. There is a board of officers looking into it. They all have to be taken on board to create a scenario like this. It doesn't happen like this. I was accused of doing it when I was not even the chief. What the Supreme Court did was the right thing.Right now, the relationship between the civilian bureaucracy and military leadership is probably at its lowest ebb. Was it always this bad?I can only talk about my experience. I had no problem in working with the bureaucracy, the political establishment, the leadership like the defence minister, the PM and the national security advisor. Yes, there were differences of opinion in our discussions but there was never anything that caused friction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13977774", "title": "Caste census deadline extended to June 15", "text": "KOCHI: The state government has extended the deadline for completing Socio Economic and Caste Census (SECC) 2011 to June 15. The census, which began in the state on April 10, was to be completed by May 25.Commissioner of rural development M Nandakumar told TOI here that after initial hiccups, SECC's work appeared to be on stream in many districts. Paucity of enumerators and technical glitches in collecting data using a tablet PCs had caused certain delays in the enumeration work initially.At the state level, 85% of the enumeration work is complete while in districts like Malappuram and Wayanad, the census is complete. Around 96.6% of the work is finished in Palakkad while the same for Thrissur is 97.7%.Over 90% of the enumeration work is complete in Kannur and Alappuzha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13984169", "title": "Ayanavaram goes without power for 27 hrs in 2 days", "text": "CHENNAI: Ayanavaram, a thickly-populated residential area in central Chennai, went without power for more than 27 hours in two lengthy instalments within 48 hours.A suspected cable fault plunged large areas of Ayanavaram in darkness for more than 14 hours on Thursday, and for another 13 hours since Friday night. With even inverters running out in most houses of Raji Street, which connects the Kilpauk's ESI and Secretariat Colony areas to the arterial New Avadi Road, residents flooded the Tagore Nagar and Mettu Street electricity board offices with inquiries.\"On Thursday, power supply snapped at 1.30am. Assistant engineer of Tagore Nagar said it was due to a cable fault. Though service and maintenance people were seen replacing burnt cables on Friday morning, they paid least heed to the complaints of overloading. Instead of replacing the damaged cables of 110kV capacity with 210kV cables, they merely laid 110kV cables. In the wee hours of Saturday, the newly-laid cable went up in flames, unable to withstand the load,\" said a resident.Some moved out of the neighbourhood. \"I knew the same problem had recurred on Saturday as well. I promptly shifted my family to a friend's home nearby,\" said A Venkatesh, a management consultant.\"The area has been suffering from voltage fluctuations for nearly a month. The assistant engineer has promised to ensure that the fluctuation problem and the load issue would be sorted out this time,\" said Sathyanarayanan , another resident .TNEB assistant director of Villivakkam range said the outage happened because of overload. \"The cables just could not take the load. We are replacing the cables with 120 square mm cables which would ensure uninterrupted power supply ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13986255", "title": "\u2018Road link in rural Manipur habitations in 3 yrs\u2019", "text": "IMPHAL: Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh has assured of road connectivity in all 654 habitations, having a population of over 250, in the rural areas of the state under PMGSY in the next three years.The minister, who arrived here on Saturday afternoon on a two-day visit to the state, told reporters that out of total 654 habitations, 237 have already been connected with all-weather roads under the scheme.\"What Manipur did in the last 12 years have to be accelerated within the next three years. This is a challenging task. We will give whatever resources required for accelerating the work,\" he said. To take up such herculean task, the state government should prepare a detailed project report , he added. He said \"money is not a matter and I'll discuss the issue with chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh in the evening.\"On MGNREGA , the Union minister said the state has performed its best. He added that a whooping 32 per cent household employment has been provided in Manipur, which is far bigger than 8 per cent in the all-India figure.\"A lot of good work has been done in Manipur. Water bodies have been revived and tanks have been dug under the scheme. Last year, Churachandpur district received the Prime Minister's award for best performance,\" the Union minister said.He added that under his ministry, the enhancement of women self-help groups (SHGs) have taken place in the state. \"Every rural woman in Manipur should be a member of SHG and the groups should link with banks. Manipur should be the leading state in such activity to develop economic activities,\" he said while setting his target to cover all 160 gram panchayats of the state under Bharat Nirman scheme.On being asked about the grave law and order situation that would pose hurdles in acceleration the schemes, he added that a visible improvement has been seen.\"When there is faster development, peace will come and these are the two sides of a coin,\" the minister said.Straight after his arrival in Imphal airport, Jairam, accompanied by Manipur rural development minister Francis Ngajokpa, public health engineering minister Irengbam Hemochandra , legislator M Prithiviraj Singh and senior officials inspected various schemes taken up under his ministry in Imphal West, Bishnupur and Churachandpur districts.Before wrapping up his two-day visit on Sunday afternoon, the Union minister will visit rural development and PMGSY schemes at various places in Imphal West, as well as Ima market, Kangla , new assembly, high court and Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Medical Sciences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13984216", "title": "Mercury dips 4\u00b0C, cooler days ahead", "text": "Chennai: The city's residents were in for a pleasant surprise on Saturday when the maximum temperature dropped to 37.1\u00b0 Celsius, for the second time in the week. The relatively milder weather is expected to continue for the next two days, officials of the meteorological department said.The sharp drop in temperature, met department officials said, could be directly attributed to the heavy clouds in the skies over the city. The clouds are a result of a cyclonic circulation that has been forming over the Bay of Bengal for the last 24 hours, they added.\"The circulation extending slightly over eastern Tamil Nadu has helped reduce the temperatures by forming large clouds,\" said Regional Meteorological Centre deputy director general of meteorology Y E A Raj.Though the development is not likely to bring any rain to the state, it is expected to keep the maximum temperatures under 40\u00b0C till the formation moves further away which may take another 48 hours, he said. Parts of the state have been receiving isolated rainfall over the last one week. \"On Saturday, Kancheepuram and Cuddalore received some rain,\" said Raj. Around 25 of the department's 285 met stations have been recording rainfall ever day, but it is a natural occurrence during this time of the year, officials said.The city, which recorded an average maximum temperature of about 41\u00b0C in May and early June, saw the temperature drop to 36\u00b0C on Wednesday because of the early onset of the sea breeze. On Saturday, surprisingly, there was hardly any sea breeze. \"The cool winds are the usual westerly winds, which were cooler because of the clouds blocking the heat,\" said Raj.The southwest monsoon is not expected to affect the mercury levels in Tamil Nadu very dramatically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13981321", "title": "N-fusion music", "text": "AHMEDABAD: One of the major achievements of the steady state Tokamak (SST-1) reactor at the Institute of Palsma Research (IPR) is that all its critical components have been developed by Indian companies. In fact, of the 13 companies that participated in the project, four companies - including a local broadband service provider - belong to Ahmedabad and Vadodara. Apart from these, various Indian R&D; institutes as well as industries from Bangalore, Pune, Hyderabad and Delhi contributed to the project.\"We had insisted that our Tokamak should be indigenous,\" says mission leader for SST-1, Dr Subrata Pradhan. \"The SST-1 is proof that Indian companies can deliver if you have faith in them. Another factor that is worth taking pride in is that the experimental reactor was made by a young team of scientists. They will take the work forward for many years.\" Pradhan said his team had also demolished the myth that government departments cannot deliver. \"Our lab has been functioning nonstop for more than 1,000 days,\" he said.A dedicated team of 55 scientists aged between 35 and 40 had been working on the SST-1 project for 1,124 days during the assembly of the reactor. The SST-1, once completed, will demonstrate a large spectrum of engineering and technologies. It has the largest of its kind superconducting magnetic system in the country; the largest helium cryogenic system in Southeast Asia; and once operational, will have a GPSsynchronized data analyzing system.Moreover, the reactor has 40 tons of cold mass at -269 degree C, 60 tons of dead weight and nearly 20,000 kilometre long superconducting strands in magnets that can go around the earth once. India is among the five countries in the world that have used special superconducting magnetic coils; others are China, Korea Japan and France.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13984854", "title": "Now, BS Yeddyurappa writes to Nitin Gadkari", "text": "BANGALORE: Irked by chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda purportedly playing the caste card and state BJP president KS Eshwarappa's remarks on caste and money, former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa dashed off a letter to BJP president Nitin Gadkari , demanding action against them.He reportedly said the recent activities of Gowda, Eshwarappa and BJP national general secretary HN Ananth Kumar are damaging the party's interests in the state, which would be going for assembly elections early next year.Quoting Gowda's statement at the Vokkaliga rally last week that he became chief minister with the blessings of Vokkaligas, Yeddyurappa is believed to have charged the former with deliberately trying to create confusion in the party. BSY also mentioned Eshwarappa's controversial statement that the BJP government consolidated its position through caste and money.The missive from the former CM, who is down with viral fever for the past few days, comes at a time when the BJP is facing elections to 17 Upper House seats, to be held on Sunday and Monday.Gowda's statement has not gone down well with the party. Eshwarappa and Kumar are also said to be unhappy with the CM after he remarked that Vokkaliga blessings and support alone helped him become the CM. After Yeddyurappa stepped down as CM following the Lokayukta report on illegal mining, Gowda took over the post, supported by Yeddyurappa.Demanding action against Eshwarappa for his statement that caste and money had been used under Operation Lotus to woo opposition legislators, Yeddyurappa said the remarks had caused severe damage to the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "morigaon (assam)", "code": "14000244", "title": "Cop held for firing at mob after accident", "text": "MORIGAON (ASSAM): A police officer was today arrested in Morigaon district of Assam after his vehicle collided with another car and he fired at the crowd which gathered at the spot.Police said Bhaktiram Kakoty, a circle inspector, was caught by the public at Moirabari town, in upper Assam, this afternoon after his car crashed into another vehicle.Kakoty then fired into the crowd before he was overpowered by the public and handed over to the police.There was no report of any serious injury in the firing. Kakoty had been absent from duty, without any official permission, for the past 71 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13990666", "title": "Unadkat had a mixed experience in Vadodara!", "text": "For filmmaker Tushar Unadkat, who recently became the first NRI to receive the prestigious Trailblazer Award, which is given to pioneers in the entertainment industry in Canada, the journey had started at the famous Faculty of Fine Arts, M S University.Recollecting those days, Unadkat says, \"Student life is always awesome, regardless of its geographical location. I have fond memories of my four years at Faculty of Fine Arts. Highlights of my memorable experience include the navratri , the fair, field trips (study tours), picnics, parties and most essentially, the friendships. We had a diverse range of talented students from across the nation that made our faculty vibrant and multicultural.\"But he adds, \"In hindsight, I find the academic modules were non-functional for industry standards. The faculty has the ability to provide artistic guidance but it severely lacks in providing sufficient knowledge about business and logistics. After having significant international experience, both academic and industrial, I believe that all artists must attain some level of business training. I think that we had some modules that were completely redundant and the primary reason for it is the lack of travel opportunities and interaction with foreign lecturers.\"Still, he feels, \"On the brighter side, the city has historical character in abundance that works as a great source of inspiration. The Gaekwads have generously donated that architectural feast that imparts layers of passionate stories, in which most students get an opportunity to study. I give credit to the city of Vadodara for giving me the experience that inspired me to explore an unconventional career path.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13977874", "title": "Koyilandy harbour renovation to be completed in a year", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The modernization work at Koyilandy harbour will be completed in a year.The work got a fresh lease of life with the Central government recently sanctioning its share of Rs 20 crore for the project.Once it is completed, the harbour will become a more convenient place for fishermen to auction and sell their catch, said Koyilandy MLA K Dasan.Apart from this the boat jetty will be able to accommodate over 200 mechanized boats and hundreds of country boats. The harbour will also have modern freezer facilities and wholesale purchasing options.The work was delayed owing to shortage of funds, said Dasan, adding that the Centre had sanctioned its share only after repeated demands from the state.According to officials, the constructions of three wharves and two breakwaters have been completed.The remaining work, including the construction of the auction hall, canteen and other infrastructure facilities, will be completed in a year.The project, started over three years ago, was delayed as the dredging work wasn't completed. Of the total project fund of Rs 56 crore, Rs 3 crore had been earmarked for dredging.However, the work had to be stopped midway as the amount was not found sufficient enough, said the officials. Scarcity of sand and increasing prices have also been affecting the work. According to Dasan, an additional Rs 10 crore would be required for completing the work.A proposal has been submitted to the government seeking additional aid for constructing a road to the harbour, but the government is yet to give technical sanction for the proposal, said Dasan.To monitor the progress of the work, minister for ports K Babu will convene a meeting on Tuesday in Thiruvananthapuram. We expect to speed up the work after the meeting, said Dasan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13989190", "title": "Helen Mirren terrified about royal role", "text": "Dame Helen Mirren has revealed she was \"very nervous\" about taking on the iconic role of Queen Elizabeth II in \" The Queen\".The 66-year-old was the recipient of Academy Award for best actress for her role as the monarch in 2006 released movie.\"She's an icon all over the world. Everybody knows what she looks and sounds like. I knew I had to get those things right, but I wanted to go beyond a simple impersonation. So yes, I was very, very nervous,\" contactmusic.com quoted Mirren as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13979930", "title": "Mamata visits Bangur to inspect new angiography machine", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee's second visit to Bangur Institute of Neurology (BIN) on Saturday took everyone at the hospital by surprise. Mamata had first visited Bangur a year ago, a few days after assuming office as the CM.On Saturday, Mamata made a sudden halt at the hospital to see the newly installed digital subtraction angiography machine which is worth nearly Rs 6 crore. The machine can detect neurological disorders and easily carry out investigation into endo-vascular management of cerebral stroke. This angiography is starkly different from angiography of other organs such as the heart or limbs. It is highly accurate and detects abnormalities in blood vessels. It is a real-time study which does not involve any reconstruction as in MR angio or CT angio, said a BIN doctor.With the sudden entry of the CM into the hospital, most of the people were pleasantly surprised. But before the hospital staff could arrange a proper reception for the her, Mamata left for Writers' Building. In fact, the machine was later inaugurated by Trinamool Congress MP Subrata Bakshi, Trinamool MLA and medical council member Dr Nirmal Majhi and urban development and municipal affairs minister Firhad Hakim.Before leaving the hospital, the chief minister asked the hospital staff to work hard and sincerely as patients' lives are dependent on them. Mamata had earlier expressed desire to elevate the stature of the hospital to international standards. Perhaps, this machine would be the first step towards this elevation to that desired standard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "13979107", "title": "Tutor rapes minor, victim kills self", "text": "NADIA: Unable to bear the trauma, a Class-IX student committed suicide a day after she was raped by her private tutor at Durgapur Palpara. Before consuming pesticide, the victim had narrated the event to her sister-in-law, who later provided the details to police. The accused was finally nabbed on Friday. He was remanded in 14 days' police custody after being produced before the Tehatta court on Saturday.The victim used to take private tuition at her classmate's house. On May 31, she went there for a regular class in the evening. \"My daughter and her friend took a break from their studies and went to the mango orchard. Her friend returned to her house a little later, but not my daughter. We learnt that her tutor took her deep inside the orchard and raped her,\" the victim's mother said.The girl's father, a day labourer, lodged a complaint with Krishnaganj police on June 3, two days after he lost his daughter. Police then started searching for Swarajit Biswas, the victim's private tutor, and arrested him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13984448", "title": "Short circuit causes fire at Govt Stanley hospital", "text": "Chennai: A minor fire broke out in the outpatient block of the Government Stanley Medical College Hospital on Saturday morning.There were no casualties. A few patients were evacuated from the block and taken to a safer location outside.Officials from the fire department said an electrical short circuit is the suspected cause of the fire, which broke out around 10am.The fire emanated from a junction box and destroyed a few cables in the outpatient block. The hospital staff managed to bring the fire under control before firemen reached the spot.Later, personnel from the Korrukupet fire station reached the hospital and put out the fire completely.Hospital dean Geetha Lakshmi said that the patients were kept outside the building for 20 minutes when the incident happened and normalcy was soon restored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13984845", "title": "MiG pilot\u2019s family back in Lahaul for another search", "text": "SHIMLA: Eight months after a MiG 29 fighter plane crashed into the Gangstan peak of Chokhang valley in Lahaul-Spiti on the night of October 18 last year, wife of deceased pilot Squadron Leader D S Tomar has once again reached Lahaul valley, hoping that the short summer season would help them reach the crash site.Earlier, a massive search operation launched by the Army and local administration was called off after heavy snowfall made further search impossible. But with the opening of Rohtang pass, the family has decided to take help from shepherds who spend their summers in the higher mountains close to the crash site. On October 18, two MiG 29 planes had taken off from Adampur air base in Punjab for night sortie, and while one of the plane safely returned, the other being flown by Squadron Leader D S Tomar crashed above Chokhang valley close to Gangsten glacier around 8.30pm.The family has brought posters carrying photograph of the missing pilot, which would be distributed among shepherds heading for higher reaches of Lahaul valley. If anybody manages to provide some clues about the pilot, then the administration will launch a search operation in the area again. Lahaul-Spiti deputy commissioner S S Guleria said that family of missing pilot has planned to carry on search on their own by meeting eyewitnesses and local people involved in the search operation last year. \"They want to go near the crash site but it is still snowing there and the area would not be accessible till July,\" said Guleria.He said the area where the plane crashed has poor visibility and carrying search operation in the treacherous slopes is not easy. \"Pilot's family wants to visit Nainghar and Miyar valley hoping to get some clues about the missing pilot,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kotipam (vizianagaram)", "code": "13978009", "title": "Irate villagers detain policemen for hours in Komarada mandal", "text": "KOTIPAM (VIZIANAGARAM): Tension prevailed at Kotipam village in Komarada mandal when villagers detained a large number of police personnel including Parvathipuram ASP Navdeep Grewal and three circle inspectors of GL Puram, Parvathipuram and Saluru, along with their vehicles, for hours together following the arrests of anti-power plant agitators here on Saturday.The police personnel were held up after they attempted to drive out the agitators who were mobilizing people to obstruct the fencing works of the 2640 MW coal based power plant proposed in the area. However, they were finally let off.On Saturday, the agitators gathered at Kotipam to obstruct the fencing works carried out by the power plant authorities. About 200 police personnel reached the spot and arrested all party leaders including Srinu Naidu and Poorna Chandra Sahoo of All India Raitu Kooli Sangham, Kolli Samba Murthy (CPM) and Reddy Chinna (CITU). Police made preventive arrests of former MLA Kolaka Lakshmana Murthy and GV Ramana of CITU and registered cases against the leaders.Hundreds of villagers took out a rally from Parvathipuram bus stand to the RDO office demanding the release of their leaders. The angry villagers detained the police personnel in response to these detentions when they entered the Kotipam village.Tense moments prevailed in the mandal after the detention of the police, but police warned the agitators with dire consequences if they were not released. The villagers let go off the policemen after some hours.The locals are opposing the power plant as it not only falls in the tribal sub-plan area, but also overlaps with the ayacut of Vanakabaadi Gedda reservoir which is under construction. The beneficiaries of this ayacut are adivasis and SCs and the small irrigation project was set up to provide water for nearly 1100 acres.The villagers of Komarada mandal, with the support of all the parties, have been agitating against the Alpha Infraprop Private Limited (AIPL) power plant that is to be set up in an extent of 1675 acres at an estimated cost of Rs 12,000 crore.The company has acquired about 550 acres from private land holders in Komarada, Kotipam, Sivarampuram, Pedakerjila, Gumada, Regulapadu villages and there were strong rumours on the ground that the original owners had transferred the project to other parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13977270", "title": "Kochi Metro to start tender process soon: E Sreedharan", "text": "KOCHI: With the preparatory works of the Metro rail project progressing at a smooth pace and approval for it expected any time soon, Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) is set to start the prestigious project.E Sreedharan, principal advisor to DMRC ( Delhi Metro Rail Corporation) said on Saturday that KMRL's next step would be to start the tender processes. He was talking to TOI on the sidelines of the one-day conference organized by the Kerala chapter of Project Management Institute (PMI) in Kochi.\"We have three months of heavy rain in front of us, during which time very little progress can be made even if we get approval. So we will initiate tender processes so as to finish it and launch construction works immediately after the rains. The approval which is under consideration before the Union cabinet is expected soon and we will be completely ready by then,\" he said. Expressing satisfaction over the progress of the preparatory works that include the construction of a new overbridge near Ernakulam North station, Sreedharan said that land acquisition would not pose much issue since the paths traverse through the middle of the road. \"Kerala government has requested DMRC to undertake three more projects in the state \u2014 the monorail project for Thiruvananthapuram and Kozhikode, and a high speed rail corridor connecting Thiruvananthapuram and Kasargode. Among this we have completed the study report for the Kozhikode monorail, which will be submitted to the government next week. The feasibility study of the high speed rail corridor is underway at the moment,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "joga/mansa", "code": "13996072", "title": "Cow slaughter: SSP suspended for dereliction of duty in Punjab", "text": "JOGA/MANSA: After Punjab village situated on Barnala-Mansa road went on rampage over the killing of large number of cows at a factory, Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal suspended Mansa senior superintendent of police(SSP) Sukhdev Singh Chahal under suspension for dereliction of duty. THe chief minister has ordered inquiry into the incident.\"SSP has been placed under suspension for failing to control the situation and dereliction in duty\", confirmed Bathinda Inspector general of police(IG) Nirmal Singh Dhillon.IG talking to Times of India over phone said chief minister, who was personally monitoring the developments in the aftermath of killing of cows at a factory, has ordered the suspension of SSP Chahal for dereliction of duty.Police had failed to contain the unruly mob even after clamping of curfew and angry residents keep on damaging factory and putting articles of one of the factory owner' house on fire.Curfew has been clamped to contain the enraging crowd but people kept on defying the prohibitory orders. The police had to resort to cane-charge to control the unruly mob. Four persons got injured in the cane charging and stone pelting.Joga resident Sukhwinder Dass, who was working in the fields around Saturday midnight, saw a canter getting large number of cows to the factory and then heard shrieking of cows. \"I apprised the villagers about the cows being transported to the factory with suspected intention of killing. When we reached the factory in the wee hours, we found many cows having been killed already and few waiting to be killed\", said Sukhwinder.Seeing the heads of cows, the villagers got agitated. As the news spread , the activists of Hindu organizations started converging at the village and in no time, the activists started damaging the factory, said a villager.The irate activists of Hindu organizations along with Gowshala sangh members pulled down a part of factory owned by Joga residents Ajaib Singh, Narinder Singh and Bhushan Singh. VHP leader Lalit Kumar demanding stern action against guilty said, \"We are shocked to see the killing of cows and the guilty need to be given exemplary punishment.\"Going by the agitated activists, district administration clamped curfew but when people kept on rampaging and indulged in stone pelting, police resorted to cane-charge wherein four persons got injured.Bathinda Inspector general of police(IG) Nirmal Singh, DC Mansa Amit Dhaka, Mansa MLA Prem Mittal visited the place and assured stern action. DC Amit Dhaka said district administration is keeping strict vigil over the situation and trying to put situation under control.Police have booked three partners of the factory under hurting the religious sentiments, cruelty to animals under cow protection act.The owners, however, succeeded in fleeing with family members to escape arrests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13990786", "title": "My weakness has become my strength: Emraan Hashmi", "text": "Emraan Hashmi talks about his journey from Footpath to Shanghai and rise from formula to creative fulfilmentDays before Shanghai 's release, Emraan Hashmi had to cancel his tickets to the the IIFA awards at Singapore . The last thing this actor, at the cusp of stardom and art, was expecting to be held up by was a stomach flu. At his expansive Pali Hill residence, Emraan, in a checked shirt and flat-front khakis, lounges in the hall that's flush with sunshine and breeze. \"I must have eaten something nasty at Kanpur or Lucknow where I had gone to promote Shanghai . I really wanted to be with Dibakar Banerjee and my co-stars at a platform like IIFA,\" he says.Away from the arc lights, Emraan is the antithesis of his 'filmi' screen image. He has had a silent surge, first as a mass hero, then as a bankable star, and now an 'A-lister', who is starring in a Karan Johar film as well as a Vishal Bhardwaj venture. In most of his 25 films thus far, the majority of which have been super-hit potboilers, the 33-year-old has played grey, troubled characters that get away with swindling, killing, betraying people and, of course, kissing girls and getting luckier than that too. From Footpath, Murder, Gangster, Awarapan, Jannat, Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai to his disarmingly sincere performance as Jogi Parmar in Shanghai , Emi (pronounced Immy) has coursed the long mile. The only thing that has remained unchanged in his career is the signature lip-synced hit song. He talks about what changed, and what didn't.Considering your repertoire, Shanghai may end up being the only film your two-year-old son Ayaan can see a few years from now. Yes , I can't show him anything else. Even for Shanghai, he'll have to turn 18 to understand it. By then, Mumbai would have hopefully become Shanghai...or maybe not.Why did you feel the need to step out of your comfort zone? I always aspired for a departure from being the mainstream hero. But I couldn't find anybody who could do this for me without turning it into caricature. Dibakar Banerjee keeps it very natural, so this seemed perfect. Also, I feel most of our actors are smug and narcissistic. Very few want to step out of their comfort zone. They think they do but they are still boxed in and airbrushed. Christian Bale does Batman and American Psycho , and still manages to look like a Crystal Meth addict in The Fighter and lose 30 kgs for The Machinist. Now that's a real actor.What does Shanghai mean to you? Shanghai is a film I am extremely proud of. It has taken the life out of me to get inside Jogi's skin. I have never done anything like this before, content in my cool, urbanised, aloof characters. Jogi has an inferiority complex but he masks it with an overt sense of bravado. I may have met somebody like Jogi but I wouldn't understand him. Dibakar recommended I undergo these 12 painfully grilling theatre workshops with Atul Mongia for the role, which I did.Jogi throws open a dimension of me that three months ago people may have never thought existed. Shanghai tells the audience: Look, he can do this. That said, Jannat 2 is as important as Shanghai . But an actor wants his other facets to be understood as well.I know that 90 per cent of our industry would want Shanghai to fail. That's because they don't have the balls to step out and make a Shanghai. I have been here nine years to understand how an out-of-the-box film that challenges Bollywood's conventions gets run down by its own people.Two common complaints people have against you: a) You got lucky because of the Bhatts. b) You look nothing like a hero. Both these grouses are true. It's not exactly a revelation that Mahesh Bhatt has always backed me. If it wasn't for him, I probably wouldn't be in films. But you can't hold that against me. It was an inroad but it couldn't have guaranteed success. Many star kids give their best shot, but if the audience doesn't embrace you, there's no place for you. The Bhatts have been protective of me when I have signed films outside their banner. But they understand I need to do my thing too. As for my looks, if I didn't look the way I do, I would probably be one of those many faces doing a romcom which I detest. The way I look has somewhere defined the characters I played. My weakness has become my strength.What do you think Bhatt saw in you? I have no idea. My grandmother Purnima Verma was an actress. Maybe he thought I had inherited her genes. She would say I should stick to being the second hero or a side actor. My family was concerned because I had nothing going for me in the looks department. They didn't want me to be hurt if I failed. I wasn't alien to the camera though. As a child, I had done around 20 ads. I was seven when I did a Goodnight ad and got my first pay cheque of Rs 2,500. I had the face that went well with brands such as Rasna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13981398", "title": "Institute of Plasma Research takes first step towards N-fusion", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Institute of Plasma Research (IPR) has taken the first step in the ambitious international project of generating energy through nuclear fusion. It is all set to witness high temperature magnetically confined plasmas in a steady state in a Tokamak (SST-1) reactor at its campus in Gandhinagar by September. In effect, the scientists will be able to simulate the same fusion reactions that happen inside the Sun.Only a handful of countries across the globe have been able to create experimental fusion reactors. India is among the five countries in the world that have used special superconducting magnetic coils, apart from China, Korea Japan and France in such an experiment.The IPR reactor is in its final stages of commissioning. A group of 55 scientists are working on the project under IPR director Dr P K Kaw and mentor Dr P I John.At the heart of the Tokamak reactor is thermo-nuclear fusion which occurs when hydrogen isotopes fuse together under extreme heat and huge gravitational pull to create a dense helium atom releasing colossal amounts of energy.At IPR's Tokamak, scientists will replicate temperatures 20 times hotter than the sun's core and a magnetic field equivalent to 1,000 times that of Earth's normal magnetic field.Inside the Tokamak, the fusion occurs when hydrogen isotopes such as deuterium and tritium fuse together to form plasma at billion degree of temperatures which can be harnessed into steam to run turbines.\"Our goal is to sustain long-duration plasmas in a Tokamak, which in a larger reactor can harness the release of these neutrons and use their abundant energy to drive conventional turbines to generate electricity,\" says Dr Subrata Pradhan, the present mission leader of SST-1 project.Only a handful of countries across the globe have been able to create experimental fusion reactors. India is among the five countries in the world that have used special superconducting magnetic coils for such an experiment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi/surat", "code": "14002162", "title": "Narendra Modi a political terrorist, trying to divert attention: Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI/SURAT: Stung by comparison to a sinking ship, Congress today hit back at Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi calling him a \" political terrorist\" and accused him of making wild allegations to divert attention from real issues in the poll-bound state.\"Modi is a terrorist in the political arena,\" Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) president Arjun Modhwadia said in Surat while reacting to the speech by Modi at the state BJP's executive meeting at Rajkot, where he had criticised the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre.In Delhi, Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari said \"the only boat that is slam dunked in water is the BJP because of all the loose canons that are rolling wildly at its deck.\"The Congress attacked the BJP saying that it should answer questions related to its governance in Gujarat rather than target the Centre.\"It would be far more appropriate if they (BJP) answer the people of Gujarat on the substance of the charges rather than making wild allegations to divert attention from the real issues months before the Gujarat elections,\" Tewari said.He alleged that the CAG reports \"indict the Gujarat Government on various counts of aberrations, malfeasance and corruption.\"Targeting Modi over the ouster of Sanjay Joshi from BJP, Modhwadia alleged that the chief minister was \"afraid\" of his arch rival and that was the reason he put immense pressure on the BJP leadership and got him removed.Earlier in the day, Modi had in Rajkot attacked the UPA government saying it does not know that there was a \"hole in the ship\".\"Congress ship is sinking\" as it has hurt and miscalculated human power, Modi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13981757", "title": "After muggy Saturday, wait continues for monsoon", "text": "MUMBAI: Neither the island city nor the suburbs reported any rainfall on Saturday. The weather was hot and muggy, with the daytime temperature soaring to above 35 degrees Celsius in Colaba.The India Meteorological Department (IMD) said it was not possible to predict the monsoon's arrival in the city until it moves further. As on Saturday, the monsoon was still stagnated around the Harnai (224 km from Mumbai) and Satara (256 km from the city).\"The upper limit of the monsoon continues to pass through Harnai, Satara, Belgaum, Agumbe, Medikeri, Kodaikanal and Gangtok,\" the daily update of the Met department said. \"There has been no further advancement of the monsoon in the last four days. Until it moves further, we cannot predict anything,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecast, IMD, Mumbai.Weather officials said the main criteria for declaration of the monsoon are wind direction and rain measurement. \"If the wind is southwesterly and rain measures more than 1cm and is widespread, then we can safely describe it as arrival of the monsoon,\" said N Y Apte, deputy director general of IMD, Mumbai. On Saturday, no rainfall was recorded either in Colaba or in Santa Cruz. Colaba recorded a maximum of 35.5 degrees Celsius and Santa Cruz 34 degrees Celsius. The weather bureau has given a forecast of one or two showers on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13977129", "title": "Kerala to take up project to increase fish wealth", "text": "KOCHI: The state fisheries department will introduce a mega project spanning three years, with the objective of increasing the fish wealth of the state.The project, Matsya Samrudhi, will be inaugurated by chief minister Oommen Chandy on Sunday.State fisheries minister K Babu said that with its rich water resources, Kerala has immense potential in this field, but lack of guidance and unscientific practices have been reducing its prospects. The goal of the Matsya Samrudhi project is to ensure plentiful availability of fish through environment-friendly methods and increase job opportunities in the field.\"At the moment, Kerala produces just 1.5 tonne of fish and the project plans to increase the production up to 2.5 tonnes. For this, 12,000 hectare space will be identified and with the help of universities and research institutions, and through employing modern techniques fish farming will be rejuvenated in the state. Also mobile aqua clinics will be set up at each district and 700 local self-government bodies will be made involved in the scheme,\" minister said.Providing financial subsidies, instituting awards for best performing farmers and coordinators, publication of regular studies, free distribution of fish varieties, including prawn and pearl spot, are also part of the three year project.\"Virus attacks and changing climate patterns are the two main issues that fish farmers face. By providing high-quality fish varieties and farm insurance, the interest of the farmers will be protected to an extent. The government has already completed a study for starting freshwater fish farming, in the first phase of the programme. A special cell formed under the fisheries director will monitor the progress of the project in coordination with district level officials,\" K Babu said. Union minister K V Thomas, state ministers V K Ebrahim Kunju and food and civil supplies minister Anoop Jacob will participate in the inaugural ceremony on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13983593", "title": "Nature, nurture or neither?", "text": "It is a shibboleth of family life \u2014 that every individual is the product of their genes and environment, the one an immutable inheritance, the other a mutable array of influences and pressures with unpredictable outcomes.But new research has demonstrated that genes can change, identical twins with the same genetic inheritance can turn out completely different and the impact of environmental influences can be passed down generations.The new science of epigenetics has shown that in addition to nature and nurture, what makes us who we are is also determined by biological mechanisms that can switch genes on or off.These epigenetic (above the gene) \"light switches\" can affect characteristics as fundamental as autism and sexual orientation.But they are also subject to environmental influences and thus, in theory , are within our control.Professor Tim Spector, head of the department of twin research at Kings College, London , who has undertaken the most detailed twin studies in the world, cited the case of Iranian twins Ladan and Laleh, who were joined at the head and shared identical genes and environment and yet had different personalities. The differences led him to question the influence of genes.\"Up to a few years ago, I believed genes were the key to the universe. But over the last three years, I have changed my mind,\" he said at the launch of his book Identically Different: Why You Can Change Your Genes, which challenges the view that an individual's genetic inheritance is immutable.Studies of the effects of famines in Holland in the 1940s, in China in the 1950s and in the US over a century ago show they changed the lifespan and obesity rates in subsequent generations. They switched on genes that increased the accumulation of body fat in times of plenty, in order to improve survival chances in times of famine.In the modern world, with calorie-dense fast foods more freely available than at any time in history, the seeds of the current obesity epidemic may thus have been sown in the 19th century.\"The risk of obesity can come not just from your own environment or your mother's but higher up [the ancestral chain],\" he said.Four drugs with epigenetic effects that can switch genes on or off are already in the market and 40 more are in development, he said.But there are other, natural, ways of controlling them, too. Exercise has been shown to switch off the FTO gene, a key driver of obesity. Diet can also affect gene expression.\"We and our genes are more flexible than we thought,\" he said.--THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "13982327", "title": "Bomb scare: Train attendant, 2 others held", "text": "KALYAN: The Kalyan GRP, currently investigating the suspicious parcel containing inflammable material found on the Howrah-bound Duronto in Kalyan on Thursday, has arrested three persons, including two parcel agents and a train attendant, in connection with the case.The GRP is trying to ascertain the use of the seized material and is looking for the main supplier and receiver of the parcel. It is waiting for the chemical analysis report on the parcel, expected to arrive in a week.Those arrested include Deepak Meghwani alias Guddu (29), Maksood Raheemtula (28) and Vasudev Shah (39). Shah, a train attendant, had agreed to deliver the parcel without verifying its contents. The GRP has also arrested parcel agent Guddu, and Maksood, who is said to have tried sending the parcel to Kolkata on the insistence of a person identified as Shekhar. The GRP is looking for Shekhar, who is still absconding.On Saturday, the trio was produced in the Kalyan railway court and was sent by the court to police custody till June 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13983298", "title": "Woman, child found dead in Vasai pond", "text": "MUMBAI: A mentally unstable woman, who had gone missing from her Vasai home along with her 18-month-old daughter on Friday morning, was found dead along with her child in a nearby pond.The woman's husband, Chandrajit Mishra, returned home on Friday morning to find his room locked. He broke open the door to find his wife Bindvasini (26) and daughter Mahima missing.On Friday evening, cops received a phone call informing of a child's body found floating in a pond. The body was Mahima's. Bindvasini's body was also found.Chandrajit informed the police that his wife was under depression since the past six months and was undergoing treatment.No suicide note has been found. A case of accidental death has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13980507", "title": "Qateel Siddiqui\u2019s cousin in Pune, demands CBI probe", "text": "PUNE: Mohammad Afroz Shaikh, a cousin of Indian Mujahideen operative Qateel Siddiqui, on Saturday demanded a CBI inquiry into Siddiqui's murder. Shaikh alleged that Siddiqui had been living in fear ever since he was lodged in Yerawada Central Jail. Siddiqui was strangled by gangster Sharad Mohol and his aide Alok Bhalerao on Friday.Shaikh runs a bag-making shop in Mumbai. He arrived in Pune on Saturday morning to claim Siddiqui's body. He told reporters that the local administration was providing logistical support to take the body to Darbhanga.Shaikh told TOI at Yerawada police station that a fortnight ago, Siddiqui's younger brother Shakeel had telephoned him in Yerawada jail. \"Shakeel called me in Mumbai and said that Siddiqui is living in fear and asked me to go to Pune and meet him in jail. When I enquired if I could come to Pune for he visit, I was told that Siddiqui was taken to Mumbai for investigation. When I tried meeting ATS officials in Mumbai, I was told that he was taken to Pune for investigation and would be later taken to Delhi. So I decided to keep quiet,\" Shaikh said.He said that Shakeel was in regular contact with Siddiqui at Yerawada and must have been told about the threat to his life. \"Around June 1 or 2, Siddiqui's wife Fatima called the jail and requested the officials to let her speak to her husband. They refused at first but when she persisted, they allegedly told her that she would come to know whether he was alive or dead in five days. Siddiqui was killed after that,\" Shaikh claimed.Shaikh said that on Friday his brother from Delhi telephoned him around 2.30 pm and told him about Siddiqui's murder inside the jail. \"He asked me to watch the television. I saw the news about Siddiqui being strangled to death. Later, I received a call from Shakeel who asked me to go to Pune to bring his body back home,\" he said.Shaikh said that Siddiqui's murder showed that jails are not secure, and hence there should be a CBI inquiry. \"My cousin was falsely implicated in several cases, but there was no evidence to prove his involvement and that is why he has been killed,\" he said.Civic activist Anjum Inamdar told TOI that a delegation of their community in Patna will hand over a memorandum to Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar demanding a CBI probe into Siddiqui's murder.Local activist M M Sayyed, who is helping Siddiqui's cousin, said his body will be taken by road to Mumbai from where it will be flown to Darbhanga in Bihar. V T Patil, police sub-inspector at Yerawada police station told Mohammad Afroz Shaikh, a cousin of Siddiqui, that the family should get confirmed air tickets from Mumbai and inform the police about the date and time of the flight. Police will make arrangements to take the body to Mumbai. They will ensure that the mortal remains are adequately preserved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13994435", "title": "Chhattisgarh : 148 tribal boys from Naxalite areas crack AIEEE", "text": "BHOPAL: Despite being constantly lured or threatened by the Maoists, 100-odd tribal students from the Naxalite affected areas of Chhattisgarh got selected in the All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE) through \"Prayas\", a special coaching initiative of the state's tribal welfare department.\"It's a good news for the state. 148 out of 222 tribal boys, mostly from Left Wing Extremism (LWE) districts, got selected in AIEEE this year\", Chhattisgarh government spokesman N Baijendra Kumar told TOI over telephone after the results came in on Sunday morning. Earlier, two tribal students from the Naxalite affected areas got selection to the IIT.\"These students achieved the fete, despite being under constant pressure from the Maoists\", tribal department sources said.Chhattisgarh had launched a programme titled \"Prayas\" in July 2010 under which meritorious students from the Left Wing Extremism (LWE) districts and other tribal areas were kept in tribal hostels in the state capital and imparted coaching along with the regular studies at the higher secondary level.Sources said the programme was initiated following a visit of state's then chief secretary P Joy Ommen, along with tribal department officials, Bijapur district, considered as a Maoist hotbed in the tribal Bastar region. The officers came across a school boy, who had scored 95 % marks in the 11th class examination, at a village in Bijapur. During conversation, he told the officers that he wanted to either become a Patwari or a compounder.\"The aspirations level even of meritorious students was so low. Subsequently, the government thought of launching a scheme like \"Prayas\" to give such students an opportunity to aim high in life\", a senior officer, who was associated with the project said.Then, 266 meritorious tribal students were identified and picked up from the LWE districts of Bijapur, Narayanpur, Dantewada, Bijapur, Kanker, Sarguja and from naxalite affected areas of Rajnandgaon. They were kept at a tribal hostel in the state capital and given special coaching. While 222 students opted for engineering, others appeared for medical and other courses.During the two years of their study in Bhopal , Maoists did best to lure the boys in the vulnerable age group of 17-18 years back to their villages on several occasions. \"We used to get calls from the Naxalites and their sympathisers on our mobile phones, asking us to come back to the villages. The rebels used to tell us that we have chosen a wrong path and we should get associated with them for the cause of our tribal brethren\", the students said.Buoyed with the success of the programme, the state government has now decided to set up a similar hostel which has a capacity to accommodate 300 students in the state capital. \" Our aim to impart such facilities every year to 300 boys and 300 girls hailing from the Naxalite affected districts of the state\", the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13999011", "title": "Symposium on probiotics organised", "text": "PUNE: Benefits of probiotic are strain-specific and healthcare professionals should assess the scientific data backing these claims, said senior gastroenterologist Philip Abraham of P D Hinduja National Hospital, Mumbai.Abraham was speaking at the symposium on probiotics organised by Pune chapter of Indian Dietetic Association in Pune recently.Probiotics are live micro-organisms (in most cases, bacteria) that are similar to beneficial micro-organisms found in the human gut.The symposium was organised to deliberate on emerging scientific evidence for the use of probiotics in prevention and treatment of various diseases. The symposium was attended by dieticians and health care professionals from leading hospitals in Pune, Mumbai and Delhi.Abraham critically reviewed the scientific evidence, both from India and abroad, for the use of probiotics in the prevention and treatment of various gastrointestinal conditions in children and adults. He also touched on their use in non-gastrointestinal conditions.Chief dietician Anita Jatana of Batra Hospital and Medical Research Centre, New Delhi said: \"Probiotics have been included as a dietary recommendation for many of the patients at our hospital, and we found probiotic intervention to be effective when used in conjunction with conventional medicine.\"During her presentation, Jatana presented cases and gave an insight on the utility of probiotics in various diseases making it useful for the medical fraternity to understand its utility and role.\"The objective of the activities of the Indian Dietetic Association (IDA), Pune chapter is to share the latest developments in the field with dieticians and medical experts, so that this knowledge can be passed on to the common man in all sections of the population, for the betterment of their health,\" said Geeta Dharmatti, president, IDA, Pune chapter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13998126", "title": "Civic body should develop municipal gardens, Pardeshi says", "text": "PUNE: Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) and Paryavaran Sanvardhan Samiti must jointly develop one of the municipal gardens as bio-diversity park.Speaking at a programme organised jointly by the corporation and the samiti, municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi, said that there are 154 gardens developed by the civic garden department in the city. The civic body and the samiti must develop one of them as bio-diversity park wherein species of all plants found in the city must be planted. Boards must be erected near each plant that contain information about its botanical, English and Marathi names.\"He said, \"\"The area of the municipal limits is 171 sq.kmwhile the population is around 18 lakh. The tree cover in the city is 28 %. We need to plant around 9 to 10 lakh trees more to meet the norms of union government to have a tree cover of 33 percent''. Pardeshi appealed all schools, companies, housing societies to participate in the tree plantation drive to achieve these norms.Pimpri Chinchwad mayor Mohini Lande said, \"Tree plantation should be undertaken in every school and a group of two to three children should be given the responsibility to take care of each sapling to ensure that the sapling is cared and grows into a tree''.Balasaheb Ovhal, administrative officer, primary education department, PCMC said, \"The department will be planting saplings of five species which are on the path of extinction in each of the municipal schools to create awareness of them in the students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13994961", "title": "Shiv\u2019s new friend worries dadisa in Balika Vadhu", "text": "Dadisa (Surekha Sikri) has her eyes set on getting Anandi (Pratyusha Banerjee) married to Shiv ( Siddharth Shukla). So she's left baffled when a new visitor comes to visit Shiv all the way from London .The person in question is Shiv's old friend Ashima (Reena) who is in Rajasthan to attend a wedding. In tomorrow's episode (June 11, 2012), dadisa will be worried as Anandi and Shiv prepare to welcome Ashima. Anandi being the gracious host will cook dinner for her and the two will be seen conversing in English. An irked dadisa begins to click pictures of everyone but intentionally crops Ashima out if it.Will dadisa be successful in patching up Shiv and Anandi?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13984338", "title": "You may have to pay toll on 11 state highways", "text": "BANGALORE: Buoyed by the positive response of industrialists at GIM, the Karnataka government proposes to introduce a user fee on 11 major state highways (SHs). The objective is to provide better infrastructure to industrialists, who raised the issue of bad roads at GIM.As more than 60% of the investments have been committed for north Karnataka, the user fee will be charged on highways there.\"This subject was discussed at a recent cabinet meeting but no decision was taken. At GIM, our department decided to speed up the process following investors' remarks about the condition of roads. Only by charging a user fee can roads be maintained well,\" sources in the public works department told STOI.The National Highways Authority of India has all weather-roads, and toll is charged on most of these.Though Section 194 of the Karnataka State Highways Act, 1964, empowers the Karnataka Road Development Corporation Ltd (KRDCL) to collect a user fee, no state government has dared to toll roads over the past 48 years fearing a political backlash.KRDCL has sent a proposal for collecting toll under public private partnership.\"In the past six years, 1,577 km of state highways have been completed by KRDCL at an expenditure of Rs 2,005 crore, primarily with loans from the World Bank and Hudco. The government has to repay the loans with interest. Therefore, it found necessary to levy a user fee,\" sources in the public works department said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi/ chennai ", "code": "13980625", "title": "Charges against PM on Coalgate baseless, people around Anna anti-nationals: PMO", "text": "NEW DELHI/ CHENNAI : Setting the stage for fresh hostilities, the Prime Minister's office on Saturday aggressively dismissed corruption allegations levelled by Team Anna against Prime Minister Manmohan Singh over coal block allegations for being devoid of evidence.Minister of state for PMO V Narayanasamy followed up a curt letter to Hazare with a fusillade against the Gandhian leader's associates Arvind Kejriwal and Kiran Bedi , calling them \"anti-nationals\" and alleging their financial dealings are not above board.\"As regards allegations made against the Prime Minister, they seem to be based on a leaked draft of the CAG on coal block allocations and on media stories. You have provided no evidence to back up these allegations,\" said Narayanasamy in his letter to Anna Hazare .Speaking to the media in Chennai, Narayanasamy lashed out at Team Anna, saying Kejirwal needed to explain what had happened to large funds collected by the campaign for a Lokpal and said Bedi has also faced questions over the accounts relating to her travel bills.Team Anna members Manish Sisodia and Bedi rejected the PMO letter, reiterating plans for a protest from July 25 for passage of the Lokpal Bill around the time Parliament is due to meet for its monsoon session. \"Use of hollow words like progressive laws\" are not convincing, said Sisodia. \"Our protest from July 25 will go on as planned,\" said Sisodia while Bedi said the letter was 'wishy-washy'.The sharp exchange is an indicator that the government, already under attack for corruption and glacial governance, is feeling the heat and is likely to increasingly lash out at the activists. The government's efforts to pass the Lokpal Bill have been stymied in the Rajya Sabha where it lacks a majority and where the opposition has supported clauses the Centre is loathe to concede.Caught between the political opposition in Parliament and Team Anna outside, the government is readying for renewed confrontation with the activists. After the PMO letter rejected the demand for a special investigation team to probe charges leveled by the Hazare group against the PM and 14 ministers, Narayanasamy said, \"Anna is a simple man, but he is surrounded by anti-national elements and people who have been supported by foreign forces.\"The letter and the remarks make it evident that the row can get uglier. \"The government is also determined to ensure baseless and uninformed allegations made against public servants are not allowed to create fear that can lead to paralysis in decision-making and slow down growth and development,\" the letter said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13980903", "title": "Special windows at talathi offices for affidavit requests", "text": "NASHIK: In an effort to ebb the rush for income and caste-related certificates, the district administration has started four special windows at talathi offices to enable officials to ink their signatures on applicant affidavit requests.The closure of the setu office at the Nashik collectorate followed by the opening of four setu offices throughout the city was aimed at making services conveniently available to citizens with regard to the issuance of certificates.Additionally, Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Limited (MKCL) centres were also allowed to internally forward citizen applicat-ions to finally be processed and delievered by the setu office.However, the request for official affidavits created a technical hurdle in this arragement. Though the collectorate had announced that notarized affidavits would be allowed, the cost of getting the affidavits notarized was discouraging citizens.It led to the demand for prompt document signing by officials, following which the collectorate has now opened four special windows at talathi offices. The special windows are at the offices in Devlali, Wadala, Adgaon and Makhmalabad.\"We have also delegated powers to officials to visit the centres and sign documents as required by MKCL centres as well. Final certificates will be issued by Setu only,\" said Vilas Patil, Nashik collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13987848", "title": "98,000 to appear in railway exam today", "text": "Allahabad: The fifth phase of the Group D railway examination will be held on Sunday.About 98,000 candidates are expected to appear in the examination. Railways has made arrangements for adding extra coaches in trains for convenience of candidates.NCR public relations officer Manzar Karrar said the examination will be conducted at 55 centres in the city.For the convenience of candidates, train number 54104 Allahabad-Chunar passenger has been extended upto Mughalsarai on Sunday (June 10).The train will halt at the stations of Kailhut, Ahraura Road and Jeonathpur and reach Mughalsarai at 11pm.One extra sleeper coach will be augmented in train number 15159 Sarnath Express from Allahabad.One additional sleeper coach will be augmented in train numbers 15003/15004 Chauri Chaura Express on June 10. Further, rakes of train will be stationed at Allahabad as standby.The examination will be conducted in two meetings. The first meeting will start at 9:30am and end at 12:30pm while the second meeting will be held from 2:30pm till 4:30pm.The group D examination is being conducted for selecting candidates for the Group D post of assistant pointsman, gateman, porter, box porter, helper trackman, parcel porter office peons and peons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13980838", "title": "3 youths nabbed for firing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three youths were nabbed by Gandhinagar police on Saturday evening for terrorizing people by firing in air in VIP zone and for drunken driving. The trio was later identified as residents of Sargasan near Gandhinagar.Police got a message from control room about firing near Sarita Udhyan. The officials got the number of a car that fled from the spot.\"As the incident had taken place in high security zone, the district local crime branch (LCB), and special operations group (SOG) were intimated along with city police. Various teams started search for the vehicle when a team spotted it at Ch-3 circle. The car driver rammed into the police jeep and tried to flee from the spot but were soon chased and stopped,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13981864", "title": "Seafarers flay Sardinha over ex-gratia", "text": "MARGAO: Castigating South Goa MP Francisco Sardinha of failing to get the demand of Goan seafarers to increase their ex-gratia amount hiked by the Centre, the Goan Seaman Association of India (GSAI) has urged the North Goa MP Shripad Naik and Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik to take up the matter with the centre with \"utmost sincerity\".Alleging that Sardinha has not pursued the issue with the Centre \"seriously\", GSAI president Dixon Vaz, in a press note, wondered \"how he (Sardinha) will face the next Lok Sabha elections in the seamen-dominated South Goa\".\"His election promise of getting the dhirio legalized is (also) still far from reality. Whatever the present BJP government has assured the seamen community is from the state government funds; the seamen community is still waiting for the central government to increase the ex-gratia amount,\" Vaz said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13967089", "title": "Chennai's fundoo Sundays", "text": "There's no denying it \u2014 everyone looks forward to a Sunday. A lazy morning, breakfast in bed, no deadlines, just watching time pass by and lovin' every minute of it.And there's no reason why you shouldn't allow yourselves this weekly indulgence. After all, you've been working your backs off throughout the rest of the week. And it won't hurt if you partied a little extra on Saturday night, or the night before. These youngsters did just that. Packing the nightclub to the brim, they had no reason to curb their enthusiasm as they were accompanied by their best friends for an evening of masti.Conversations revolved around everything under the sun \u2014 movies, music, gigs, vacations, work and more. The DJ churned out some peppy music as well, which kept the partygoers on their toes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "13990824", "title": "Players of Bangladesh Premier League will be paid: BCB chief", "text": "DHAKA: Faced with the threat of legal action from the Federation of International Cricketers Association, Bangladesh Cricket Board president Mustafa Kamal said that payments of all the players who participated in the Bangladesh Premier League will be cleared.After FICA CEO Tim May threatened to initiate legal action against the BCB and BPL franchises for failing to make full payments to players, Kamal said money would be given and there have been no complaints so far.May had called the BCB \"amateurish\" and questioned the \"integrity of people involved in the leadership of Bangladesh cricket\". Kamal said the comments were uncalled for.\"The statement is very unfortunate. I have said it repeatedly that it is BCB's obligation that if any player is unpaid, the board will make the payments. I am reassuring that not a single player will go unpaid,\" Kamal told 'Daily Star'.\"The impression we have from talking to the six franchises is that most of the payments have been disbursed. But there may still be one or two cases of unpaid wages. We have said it before and I will repeat it now: the BCB will pay the foreign players if the franchises don't,\" he added.According to the BCB, out of the $2.77 million, the unpaid money is around $305,000. \"We have said it before and I will repeat it now: the BCB will pay the foreign players if the franchises don't,\" Kamal said.\"The governing council has recommended to the BCB that, as guarantor, the board should clear the outstanding payments and the process should be initiated immediately,\" the BCB said.\"The payment of local cricketers is also being seriously looked into by the governing council, which has not received a definite picture of the payment status from the franchises. Therefore it has been decided that the governing council would speak to individual players and relevant officials of team managements and take measures accordingly,\" the BCB added.Kamal said he has not received a written complaint from any player so far.\"The most unfortunate thing is that not a single player has sent us a written complaint, we don't have a particular case in our hands. Every comment is made in general, not made about a particular player,\" he said.\"We have even talked to the players' agents, but once again the name of any particular player who hasn't been paid didn't come up. Nobody has written to us. Anyone can contact us, even Tim May, about an unpaid player.\"But Kamal conceded that BPL, organised for the first time, did have some organisational problems.\"From the beginning we have said that it has been organised in a very short time. Mistakes are bound to happen but we are working on correcting them ahead of the next tournament.\"We are doing everything for the players' benefit. As an example, I can tell you that we have paid some of the ex-Bangladesh players from the earnings of BPL.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "puttur", "code": "13999848", "title": "BJP not to transfer additional votes to anyone: CM", "text": "PUTTUR: State unit of BJP seems to have worked out its arithmetic for election of the members from the state legislative assembly to the legislative council on Monday if assertion made by CM DV Sadananda Gowda is anything to go by. BJP has taken care to ensure that its MLAs vote strictly for the six party candidates and will not transfer any additional votes they have to either Congress or the independent candidate. \"Our win is most important to us,\" he said.Interacting with reporters here on Sunday, CM said general doubt in minds of all is whether the ruling party would be able to keep its flock together. \"We need 19.78 votes,\" CM said, adding there is no harm if BJP gets additional votes. \"Don't be surprised if we get additional votes when polling takes place on Monday,\" CM said, adding the party does not want to encourage its legislators in the present context to vote for others lest it becomes a habit.Observing that while the general public perception is that the BJP is besought with internal bickering, the party always has stuck together as one on public platforms, he said. This was exemplified when the BJP chose the six candidates for the council polls, CM said. \"We sat together, trashed out our differences and released names of candidates unanimously and it was a show of unity when the candidates filed their nominations,\" CM Gowda said.The Congress on the other hand saw Siddaramaiah; leader of the opposition quit his post in a huff peeved that his nominee was not selected. \"Siddaramaiah towel had slipped from his shoulder (post-resignation) and he has since picked it up and managed to find his feet,\" CM quipped adding that the selection of candidates also caused adequate heartburns for the other opposition party - the JD (S) with its MLC quitting his post on being sidelined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13987344", "title": "IIT-K students too oppose CET", "text": "Kanpur: After the academic senate of IIT-Kanpur disapproved the proposed single examination for engineering courses from 2013, the student senate of the same institute has also expressed dissatisfaction and rendered its full support to their faculty members.The students of IIT-Kanpur through their student senate have turned down the Ministry of Human Resource and Development (MHRD) and IIT council's decision of implementing the Common Entrance Test ( CET) for all IITs, NITs and IIITs from 2013 instead of conducting Joint Entrance Exam (JEE).TOI has a copy of the letter written by the acting convener of the student senate to Chairman, Senate, Prof S G Dhande, who is also the Director of IIT-Kanpur, raising strong objection on the proposed implementation of single examination for engineering courses in the country. The students of the prestigious institute have said that the proposed examination is full of flaws from both academic and social point of view.The student senate had written to Chairman, Senate Prof S G Dhande on June 7 demanding that their viewpoint about the proposed selection process for IITs be considered during the Friday's (June 8) meeting of the academic senate. The students were of an opinion that the changes in \"the selection process are bound to increase stress on students, make admission system extremely fragile, corruptible and luck-based, further aggravating the very problems these changes seek to address\".The latter written to Prof Dhande further read that although a large number of exams increase the stress on students, taking the other extreme of just a single exam is even worse.It also read that clubbing all exams into one would simply increase the pressure of performance on the students to a great extent and would make the future of the millions of engineering aspirants of the country dependent on one single day.The students of IIT-Kanpur have also discarded the MHRD and IIT Council's proposal of giving weightage to the board examination.The students further opined that the weightage being given to the board examination raises the immediate question of the differing levels of fairness, uniformity of standards and transparency among the examinations of the 42 different boards of the country.\"We strongly believe that no amount of normalization whatsoever can completely eliminate the problems of inconsistency, opacity, unfairness and subjectivity in the board exams,\" opined the student senate of IIT-Kanpur.One of the students, willing not to be named, said that as the exact details of the new system are still to be finalized, these students shall be denied full knowledge of the selection procedure for a considerable amount of time even now.Thus, introducing this system in 2013 would only result in a marked failure and inevitable stress on the students appearing in 2013 due to \"contingent uncertainties\".The recipients of the prestigious President's Gold Medal, Director's Gold Medal, Ratan Swarup Memorial Prize have raised objection on the changes in the JEE pattern from the year 2013.These meritorious students in one voice had said that they do not want that the government should interfere in the way the IITs conduct the JEE. They said that JEE is a foolproof system to ascertain the calibre of the student and it is through this screening process that the sharpest of the brains reach IITs. They had also said that if any change in the exam pattern is done especially taking into consideration the student's performance in class XII, the standard of JEE and the IITs will fall.Shubhayu Chatterjee, Ankit Kumar and Ashish Gupta, all receipients of the President's Gold Medal, Tej Pratap winner of Director's Gold Medal, Abhinav Prateek, winner of Ratan Swarup Memorial Prize and Parnika Agrawal, recipient of General Proficiency Award and Batra Gold Medal had one opinion in common that the new pattern of JEE to be introduced in 2013 is not the right move of the MHRD. The students had said that the faculty members of IITs have been successfully conducting JEE for past so many years and there was no ideal base to wind off this system. The students also opined that due to existence of different boards in the country, measuring the performance of the students based on their class XII results, is not possible on the basis of an statistical formula as it has been devised. Therefore, the JEE should be conducted the way it is being held across the country for years now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13999235", "title": "CSE undertakes rating of iron and steel plants of India", "text": "PUNE: Centre for Science and Environment's (CSE) green rating project (GRP) undertook environmental rating of major iron and steel plants of India. The ratings were done based on life-cycle analysis using more than 150 parameters, over a period of two years.The team also inspected the factories and met with local stake holders to get their opinion about the plants to make the ratings more balanced.CSE has released this report on the environment status of the Indian Steel Sector, based on this study. It has rated 21 top Indian steel companies, from the private as well as the public sector.This revealing report would be of utmost interest to steel manufacturers and producers across the world, consultants and research and development institutions, government policy decision makers in the ministry of steel at the Centre as well as in the various states. It would also be useful to pollution control boards in the Centre and all the states, credit rating institutions, banks and financial institutions, investors, NGOs, engineering colleges and university libraries besides all major libraries across the world,'' says CSE.This ratings would also be an eye opener for other leading industries on what the community is expecting of them and how to make themselves more environment-friendly, voluntarily, states CSE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13982187", "title": "Push intensifies to make Surat sustainable", "text": "SURAT: In five years, Surat will show the world how to make development in urban areas more sustainable. In this initiative, security of energy, water, and food will be combined with job creation, alleviation of poverty, and improved health and quality of life in rural and urban communities.The approach has been endorsed by chief minister Narendra Modi, a fact that has been revealed to Surat's stakeholders by Peter Head, executive chairman of the Ecological Sequestration Trust, (TEST) a UK-based charity. Head had emphasized that to find an ecological path, business models have to turn ecological. Surat had been chosen by TEST for the first-demonstration project of the country because it is blessed with high level of civic commitment and Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has been pursuing sustainable technologies and practices.Surat is growing at 67 per cent and is likely to be a twin city by 2021 with an estimated population of 1.2 crore against the 46 lakh of today. The clubbing of three major areas \u2014 Surat Urban Development Authority (SUDA) area, SMC area and Hazira Urban Development Authority area \u2014 is to be effected taking into account the maintenance of quality of living. The new master plan of SUDA is scheduled for 2014.TEST observed that being located in a flood-prone area, the city had undertaken major efforts to address flood-risk management issues through structural and non-structural interventions.For environment protection, Surat has taken several initiatives to reduce energy consumption and effectively manage natural resources. With the support of ACCCRN, the city advisory committee was established to study the impact of climate change and as a result, a city resilience strategy was published to bolster citizens' spirit.\"We know the master plan is based on 1991 census and is irrelevant today. We would like change the land use zoning to make it more sustainable and TEST's proposal is welcome,\" said S K Datta, senior town planner of SUDA. \"While revising the development plan, it would be nice to get the multiple stakeholders' involvement, informed by the integrated urban model developed by TEST.\"The pilot project is planned to ground state-of-art technology in Surat's cultural context.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13978084", "title": "Night camera action to net garbage-dumpers", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: After being bombarded with garbage bundles, the hapless residents of Elankam in Thiruvananthapuram have gone high-tech to combat the menace.The Elankam Residents' Association, near Karamana, has set up a closed circuit TV camera unit in one of the houses to keep a vigil on waste dumpers who have been making merry on the vacant plots in the area. And the monitoring mechanism has brought instant success with the association successfully nabbing two people who tried to flee after dumping the waste.The camera measuring not more than a match-box is placed atop a coconut tree and is equipped with night vision which makes it functional 24x7. The inbuilt recorder stores the images which are streamed instantaneously to the CCTV monitors. In addition to this, the residents have also come up with an 80 Watt CFL lamp to light up the neighbourhood.The first 'catch' has boosted the confidence of the association. On the second day of mounting the surveillance, the CCTV captured two people who turned up in the colony with huge sacks of meat waste.The stored image was soon handed over to Karamana police. The next day the corporation health squad identified them and slapped a fine.\"We were so sick of being turned a dumping yard. And CCTV has proved that it can help us stop the menace,\" says Upendran Nair, president of the association. The residents mobilised about Rs 10,000 for setting up the surveillance unit.Padmakumar, a resident of the colony who runs a home-security system shop is the brain behind the idea.\"One can hardly spot it. But it has a pretty good resolution and it can even be connected to your home PC,\" he explains.The Elankam strategy has been a huge draw with many other garbage-ridden associations, like Sasthri Nagar at Karamana, deciding to install CCTVs.\"This has emerged as a wonderful idea. In fact, many of the councillors are holding talks with residents associations about setting up surveillance units. It also makes things much easier for the corporation health squad,\" says S Pushpalatha, chairperson, health standing committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13979775", "title": "DDA to restore power supply at old-age shed", "text": "New Delhi: The Delhi high court has stepped in to ensure that power supply is restored at an old-age shed in south Delhi. Justice Sunil Gaur earlier this week ordered DDA to restore power supply to Old Age Corner Shed in Deer Park in the Hauz Khas area, where many senior citizens have been gathering for spiritual, social and cultural activities for the past 33 years.A plea was filed by Senior Citizen Council of Delhi accusing DDA of behaving arbitrarily and wrongly disconnecting electricity supply to the shed. DDA was asked to restore the supply as an interim measure and treat the writ petition as a representation of the grievances faced by the senior citizens. HC gave DDA four weeks to take up the complaint while directing it to restore the supply in the meantime.J R Gupta, president of the council, claimed on May 25, DDA cut the supply on receiving a compliant that activities of the elderly were disturbing the residents. Gupta contended that DDA took action without hearing their version.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13987747", "title": "NIOS to open study centre at Gaghidh central jail", "text": "Jamshedpur: In a boost to increase educational opportunities for inmates of the Gaghidih central jail, the prison administration has joined hands with National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS).The NIOS regional office has agreed to open study centre in the Gaghidih jail next month. To start with, 30 inmates of the jail will pursue matriculation and senior secondary board examinations through NIOS study centres.\"Initially, 30 inmates will pursue their academic career through NIOS and the classes shall begin by July,\" said jail superintendent Tushar Ranjan Gupta. The state government will bear the study expenses of the inmates.The NIOS will charge about Rs 2,000 from each inmate who seeks to appear in any of the two examinations. The institute will conduct biennial examinations In April and October every year.According to sources, out of the 12-odd CPI (Maoist) rebels who are currently lodged in the jail, a few have expressed their desire to pursue studies through NIOS.\"At least, three Maoist rebels, including a woman, whose school education received a break for some reasons in the early years of their lives have expressed desire to finish their matriculation through the NIOS study center,\" said a jail official.The authorities are expecting a rise in the number of the inmates willing to pursue their education through NIOS study centre once the proposed centre starts operations.\"It is just a beginning, once the NIOS introduces its vocational training centres on the (jail) campus, I am sure many more inmates will be keen to take up,\" said the jail officer.Vocational courses like mobile phone repair, electronic gadget repair and courses like that shall be introduced in the jail at later stages. \"The basic aim is to enable the prisoners eke out a decent living once they are out the jail,\" said a junior rung official at the NIOS's regional office.Recently, the Gaghidih jail received a feat with the introduction of e-mulakat scheme on the campus. Located on the outskirts of Jamshedpur, Gaghidih jail has over 1,100 inmates. Several Naxalities and dreaded gangster like Akhilesh Singh are currently lodged in the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13983348", "title": "Plan panel, green ministry spar over W Ghats report", "text": "NEW DELHI: The environment ministry has been irked by the Planning Commission's attempt to start a parallel process on the review of the Western Ghats report, based on demands of state governments at a time when the ministry has just called for wider public consultations on the controversial report.The member secretary of the Plan panel Sindhushree Khullar has written to the environment ministry demanding a roadmap on how the ministry intends to reconcile the strict recommendations of the report with the demands of the state governments for more industrialization and development in the biodiversity hotspot.The member secretary has said that she would hold a meeting with the states and wants the environment ministry to make a presentation on its plans at the meeting.A senior official in the ministry said, \"How can the ministry now bypass the public consultations process which has begun and in a preemptory fashion decided a roadmap for implementation of the report in a way that the states alone demand?\"Set up under the chairmanship of National Advisory Council member Madhav Gadgil, the Western Ghats Ecology Experts Panel had recommended strict limits on development in the ecologically fragile Western Ghats zone, including indefinite moratorium on mining in large parts of the hills spread over several states including Maharashtra, Goa, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu.The report, submitted in August 2011, was put on the backburner after affected states protested against the recommendations of the Gadgil panel and the ministry faced enough internal pressure from the Centre too.But after the Delhi high court stood by the Central Information Commission and ordered the release of the report, the environment ministry put it out opening it to public consultations with all stakeholders, including state governments, for a 45 day period to take the issue further.But even as the Gadgil panel results was opened to comments from public, the Plan panel stepped in, claiming that several states have written to it with their reservations. Attempting to play the mediator's role, it has asked the ministry to come up with a formula to reconcile 'development with ecology', even as the open consultation process remains incomplete.The environment ministry, sources said, is yet to reply to the Planning Commission's demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13983318", "title": "16-year-old sets herself on fire", "text": "BANGALORE: Reportedly depressed after she failed her SSLC exams, Shobha Vijay, 16, allegedly set herself on fire at her house, in the Economically Weaker Section (EWS) quarters in Koramangala on Saturday.Shobha, a student of Shantiniketan School in Viveknagar, had applied for retotalling, her father Vijay told Audugodi police. \"Even the retotalling result showed that she had failed in Kannada, English and Mathematics. Around 8.30am, she poured kerosene and set herself ablaze,\" he said. No suicide note was recovered.On the need for counselling weak students, Bharathi Singh, co-founder of NGO Samudra, said: \"At the SSLC board, we used to get around 300 calls every day. It was mostly exam-related stress and fear. Children are under a lot of pressure from parents these days to perform well. They also compare themselves with other children. All this amounts to stress.\" The NGO was part of the counselling team at the helpline introduced by the Karnataka Secondary Education Examination Board.\"During exams, students' queries have to do with lack of concentration, memory power and stress. Children who attempt suicide do it out of sudden pangs of desperation. They don't think about seeking help, and it is up to parents and others to identify such children and take care of them,\" said H Chandrashekhar, psychiatrist, who was part of the helpline for the State Mental Health Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13981672", "title": "Drinking water projects in Alwar district to get Rs 1,132 crore", "text": "JAIPUR: The National Capital Region Planning Board (NCRPB) has agreed to fund the drinking water supply projects in the Alwar district of Rajasthan worth Rs. 1,132 crore. The state government on Wednesday also gave its consent for these projects. The three schemes sanctioned by the state government are water supply to Alwar city from Chambal river, upgradation of distribution system, 24/7 water supply in urban areas of Tijara, Behror, Rajgarh and augmentation of urban water supply scheme at Bhiwadi.Bringing water from Chambal to Alwar and further supplying it to the villages of the district was also announced by chief minister, Ashok Gehlot in his budget for 2012-13. The project will cost Rs. 950 crore. \"The state government has given its approval in principle to the water projects and NCRPB will fund the project but it will be in form of loans. These projects will cater to the major parts of Alwar, especially the areas where there is acute water scarcity,\" said Ashutosh A T, Alwar collector. \"Alwar that falls in the national capital region (NCR) has come up as major industrial town. But over the years it has faced a severe shortage of water. To ensure that it remains the first preference of the industrialists and also that the residents of the districts could get proper drinking water, these schemes are being funded,\" said an official of NCRPB.So far administrative and financial approval have been issued by the officials concerned for carrying out the feasibility report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13987753", "title": "National Council Of Educational Research And Training books' crisis in markets", "text": "INDORE: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) students in the city are facing a serious shortage of NCERT books despite the required number of books being supplied. The new academic session is about to begin in two weeks in some city schools but students are forced to run from pillar to post to get the required books. A few blame it on the stakeholders who create artificial scarcity to cash in on the season while retailers say they are unable to meet demand because of gap in supply chain mechanism.\"There is shortage of several books in the market. Even if a new lot comes, it will be sold out within a few days. The situation is such that students are ready to buy books at prices higher than the MRP. I receive numerous queries daily about the books,\" said Sachin Agarwal of Shre Indore Book Depot. He further elaborated saying that shortage of books is generally witnessed in state board.Students are the suffering lot as most of them are taking private tuitions and NCERT books are not available. Garima Sharma, a Class XI student said, \"I have visited various book stores since the past few days but chemistry books are not available on any stores. I am facing problems in tuitions classes as teachers teach the basic concepts from the NCERT books.\" Students of Classes VI and VII too are facing problems as mathematics books are not available in the market. Vikram Singh , a student of Class VII said, \"In April, I somehow managed the routine classes but I would require the maths books when the session resumes.\"According to the local stores, there is shortage of books for Classes VI to XII. Books of Hindi, Mathematics, Chemistry and English are running short in the market. Archana Madan of Madan Book Store said, \"Chemistry Part-II has short supply.\" Sachin Agarwal said that Class VI and VII mathematics books are not available. He did not rule out the incidence of black-marketing of books at local level. Expressing helplessness, a book retailer said, \"It is the bigger players who cash in on this season. We had placed orders for the books before the beginning of the session but we hardly get supplies on time, and can't do much.\"Even if a new lot comes, it will be sold out within a few days. The situation is such that students are ready to buy books at prices higher than the MRP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13980695", "title": "Bike, horse patrolling, CCTV monitoring must: Ex-cops", "text": "PUNE: Retired police officials on Saturday observed that negligence on part of the Yerawada central jail administration and the lack of adequate monitoring and discipline inside the high security prison led to Qateel Siddiqui's murder.Retired director general of police (prison) Rajendra Sonawane said the murder in the high security anda cell revealed nothing but negligence.\"To avoid such incidents, the jail administration should set up an intelligence gathering cell inside the jail premises. This cell should also collect intelligence from outside the jail. Apart from that, every movement of the prisoners should be monitored round the clock by CCTV cameras,\" Sonawane said.\"The building of the anda cell is a very strong structure of cement. It has a security guard 24-hours. The security is monitored by an officer of the prison. There are around 16 barracks in the anda cell. The administration must install CCTV cameras in each cell,\" he said.Sonawane said if any person other than the prisoner want to enter the anda cell, he should write his entry time as well as the time of his exit. \"This should be made compulsory for officials from the inspector general office also.\"Stressing the need for internal intelligence, Sonawane said, prisoners of the anda cell were allowed to come in the open from 6 in the morning till noon, for bath and breakfast. \"During this time, these prisoners get to come in contact with each other and exchange information in code language,\" he said.\"If one of the prisoners go out for a court hearing, he can easily pass information to his aide, who would later execute the plan outside. \"Sonawane said, outside the jail, the responsibility of prisoners' safety lies with police. \"Hence, the city police should also change their guards who travel with the prisoners from jail to court every time,\" he said.\"The guards in jail should be provided earphones so that the prisoners don't get to hear what the cops discuss on the walkie-talkie,\" he said.\"The premises of the Yerawada jail is huge and it is not possible to patrol it on foot. I had sent a proposal to the government suggesting motorcycle patrolling and horse patrolling on the premises, but did not get any reply,\" he said adding,Retired deputy inspector general (prison) Ravindra Kedari, too, said, \"Despite the 24-hour security at anda cell, an incident like murder took place and came into light only after about an hour,\" Kedari said.Bhaskarrao Misar, retired director general of police, said the jail was known for discipline. \"The laws of the jail are made against the staff and are in favour of the inmates. This affects the morale of the staff as well as the jail officials,\" Misar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13977160", "title": "Old Harbour bridge to become a heritage monument", "text": "KOCHI: Finally, the old Thoppumpady bridge (Harbour bridge) is going to be preserved as a heritage monument. A meeting presided over by minister K V Thomas took a decision in this regard on Saturday.District collector P I Sheikh Pareeth said that the old Harbour bridge can still be used by two and three -wheelers from 7am to 8pm.The 82-year-old bridge used to be the single-connect for Mattancherry, Willingdon Island and Fort Kochi with the main city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13980133", "title": "Presidential polls: Mulayam Singh Yadav keeps UPA guessing", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav on Saturday said that he will speak about his candidate for the presidential elections, only after the UPA and NDA announce their respective nominees. This apparent shift of stance from Mulayam, whose party will play a crucial role in the presidential polls has once again put a question mark on the talks of Mulayam standing by the UPA to see the latter's nominee smoothly sailing through the polls.As on date, veteran Congressman and Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee is being touted as the most likely UPA nominee for the post. Except for an important UPA ally All India Trinamool Congress, Pranab is unlikely to face much competition or resistance even from the opposition quarters because of the considerable respect he enjoys cutting across party lines. In such a situation, Mulayam emerged as the only option for the UPA to see Pranab through, despite AITC's disapproval. Mulayam's extra-cordial relationship with Pranab was also a factor that helped UPA to bank on SP.However the picture is not as clear as it looks. Mulayam's association with AITC is no secret, particularly ever since Mulayam mooted the idea of pushing the Third Front as an alternate for the 2014 general elections. Hence, possibilities of SP supporting the UPA at the cost of its relations with AITC are highly unlikely, say political observers. There have been talks of Mulayam trying to convince AITC in favour of Pranab Mukherjee but in vain. With AITC apparently in no mood to give in, Mulayam's latest statement has put a question mark on UPA's move to see its candidate sail through the presidential elections. This also means that in case of any reconciliation between the UPA and the AITC, the Congress will be left with no choice but to put forward a candidate who had a wider acceptability within the UPA and its political friends like the SP and the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) as well.The Congress has also for some time now been looking at SP as a potential alternative big ally to Mamata Banerjee, who has not been a very supportive partner at the best of times. The SP has so far been emphatic that it is not considering joining the UPA government, though it has readily given the UPA government issue-based support, bailing it out of sticky corners a number of times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13985685", "title": "Anonymous takes on internet censorship", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Volunteers of the group, \" Anonymous\" held a protest against internet censorship by the government of India. The protest was held at Sector-17 Plaza from 4pm to 5.30pm and the group raised slogans like, \"Kapil Sibbal Get Well Soon\", \"Madras High Court Get Well Soon\".\"We don't want anything to be censored online because now-a-days the web is an effective tool to express thoughts and share things with others - be it through social networking or emails,\" said a volunteer from the group. \"Without Internet, people cannot be liberated,\" added another participant.A CA student, Vaibhav Gumber who also joined the protest, said, \"By blocking websites the government of India is blocking our expression.\" The demonstrations come in the wake of a March 29 court order in Chennai asking 15 Indian Internet providers to block access to file-sharing websites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13977457", "title": "\u2018Kochi is ready for Metro\u2019", "text": "KOCHI: KMRL with the assistance of GCDA should develop a transportation network as part of city planning, and also study the economic impact of the same, said Sudhir Krishna, secretary, ministry of urban development.He was addressing a meeting of key professionals involved in the development of Kochi organized by KMRL on Friday. \"Optimization of land use around the city is one factor important for Kochi,\" he said, adding that the space near Metro stations should not be left unutilized, and should be developed by KMRL in consultation with corporation. Expressing satisfaction with the ppreparations for Metro, Sudhir added that environmental issues should be sorted out before routes are planned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13977156", "title": "Why retailers are pleased with plastic ban", "text": "HYDERABAD: Almost a year after it was introduced, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC)'s plastic ban has one section of denizens pleased and they are not the environmentalists. It is the retailers who are pleased with the revenue they are making from the sale of plastic bags that once came free. The money earned from the sale of plastic bags was meant to be diverted to GHMC's solid waste management programme, but, a year on, there is much ambiguity as retail chains are coolly pocketing this cash.That the ban has turned out to be a lucrative proposition for retailers is all too evident. Here's the economics of it. All supermarkets and malls in the city charge customers anything between Rs 3 and Rs 7 for each plastic bag when the cost price of these carry bags is not more than Rs 2.50, with some even costing a low 75p. Rough calculations indicate a profit of Rs 3 (on average) on every carry bag sold by these outlets. Considering that the rate of consumption at most retail chains in the city is 15-20kg of plastic per day (each kilo means approximately 65 bags), the monthly revenue from the sale of these things is estimated at between Rs 80,000 and Rs 1 lakh. The GHMC's ignorance of the rule has only made matters easier for these stores. Municipality officials entrusted with the implementation and monitoring of the ban in the city confess that they have kept no record of the money collected from retailers for its waste management programme. Worse, there is no system in place to keep a tab on defaulters or take action against them. \"There are some outlets that pay once in a while. Others just ignore the rule,\" said L Vandhan Kumar, GHMC additional commissioner (health and sanitation), the wing spearheading the effort against plastic bags.In his defence, Kumar said that the primary objective of the ban was to curtail the use of plastic and not generate revenue. Remarkably, retailers toe a similar line and rue how the demand for plastic has dropped significantly at their outlets. They also maintain that they knew nothing about passing on the money to GHMC. \"We were never told to pay the money to the municipal body,\" said a retailer. The store manager at Somajiguda's Spar supermarket, too, claimed he had no knowledge about such a clause. \"We pay an annual garbage tax to GHMC. Apart from that, I am not aware of any other payment that we need to make,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13984404", "title": "Walking through a city of hidden tales", "text": "When the city of Bangalore (or Bengaluru as it was called then \u2014 as some would claim) was in its infancy, people living in a then-new suburb called Malleswaram and working in the 'City' used to find it a long commute. The very thought seems to crack up Poornima Dasarathi, and she laughs as she reveals this strange factoid about two areas of the city that she has developed an intimate acquaintance with through Unhurried, her fledgling travel outfit that conducts walking tours through some of Bangalore's oldest and most interesting neighbourhoods . She finds in it a piquant reminder of the city's massive spread over the past two decades \u2014 a pointer to simpler times when people would traverse the distance between Malleswaram and the pettah, or the City area, on horseback.\"The history of a city or a neighbourhood is not a flat, one-dimensional account. It is colourful, noisy and loud. Looking at it carefully makes you see many patterns, some of which may exist to this day,\" says Dasarathi. She worked in IT for 11 years before she decided to follow her passion for travel and for unravelling the history and heritage of Bangalore. \"During my stint at IT, I travelled to many European cities and found the tourism industry there very well-organized and engaging. It hit me that we have so much to show, yet most of my friends knew more about London than Bangalore,\" she says.Quitting her job, she started writing for various publications on the city, and joined the Indian National Trust For Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH), for whom she conducted some heritage walks before starting Unhurried early this year.Unhurried, as the name suggests, specializes in slow, exploratory rambles through a certain area. In Bangalore, Dasarathi conducts walks in the City area, Malleswaram and Cantonment area - three parts of the city with distinct social and cultural milieus that continue to hold on to their identities. There are usually two walks a month that start early on a Saturday morning, lasting about two hours, during which the walkers soak in the narrative Dasarathi has created around various markers in the area, and end up with a hearty breakfast at an interesting local eatery. Each walk is open to between five and 15 people of all ages, and costs a mere Rs 450 per head, inclusive of breakfast.Unhurried also conducts outstation tours; currently, there are two on the roster. One is in Banavasi, Vanavasi, Vaijayanti or Sanjayanti, a small town in the hinterlands of North Kanara (390km from Bangalore) which was the seat of one of the oldest empires in the region, the Kadambas, and was an important province in the Vijayanagara kingdom. The other tour is in Anegundi, an ancient town situated on the other side of the Tungabhadra near Hampi, which was the seat of the legendary kingdom of Kishkinda , land of the monkey kings Bali and Sugreeva. In July, she wants to take children on a fun history tour to Srirangapatna and organize a tour in the Ghats during the monsoon.METRO'S MANY FACETSMany facets of Bangalore's unique character are unknown to most people today and there is hardly any attempt to preserve and showcase them. Bangalore was a manufacturing town; it had a huge factory heritage. There was a time when American aircraft used to be sent here to be repaired. These factories were more than just manufacturing units - they were huge local fixtures. For instance, Mantri Mall in Malleswaram is located on the old Raja Mill land, and people in that area used to set their watches by the siren of the mill. Those stories are getting lost today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13987077", "title": "DMK cadres plan roadshow for A Raja", "text": "COIMBATORE: A grand reception has been organized by DMK cadres and supporters for former Union telecom minister A Raja, who will arrive here, on route to the Nilgiris, his parliamentary constituency, on Sunday morning. Raja, who was released on bail after a long period of detention at the Tihar prison in connection with the 2G spectrum scam, will travel to Ooty and stay there for two days.\"DMK functionaries of Coimbatore district will gather at the airport and celebrate the homecoming of MP (member of parliament) Raja,\" said former DMK minister and party district secretary, Pongalur N Palanisamy. \"We are waiting from MP Raja's visit to Ooty. We have planned a grand celebration. He will stay two days in Ooty,\" said former Khadi Board minister and present Coonoor MLA K Ramachandran.Raja is expected to arrive at the airport from Chennai at around 9.30am on Sunday. He is expected to proceed to Annur, where he will address a gathering of supporters and party workers and will head towards Mettupalayam and will receive petitions from voters before heading to Ooty,\" Ramachandran said. On Monday, Raja will travel to Gudalur and, later, hold meetings in Kothagiri before returning to Chennai on June 12.However, Raja's political rivals dismissed the roadshow as a stunt. \"Raja is trying to woo voters using money earned in the multi-crore 2G spectrum scam. He didn't do anything significant for the Nilgiris when he was serving as a Union minister. Now, he is trying to project himself as a mass leader. But it will not be easy to fool voters this time,\" said V Gopalakrishnan, vice chairman, Ooty Municipality, and AIADMK secretary for Ooty assembly constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13987247", "title": "A Kathak danseuse's tryst with her Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: \"It was a blissful experience to perform in the city of lakes, my birth place, for the first time. It feels satisfying to perform in a city that has a rich culture, understands and appreciates your talent,\" says Yasmin Singh, a famous Kathak danseuse. After her maiden Kathak performance in the state capital, she told TOI that even though she was born and bought up in Bhopal , her family shifted to Indore when she was 10.\"At school, I was always active in co-curricular activities. Looking at my interest in cultural activities, my principal motivated my parents and asked me to join the Kathak classes which were conducted by the school,\" she said. \"Thus my journey in Kathak commenced under the guidance of Madhukar Jagtap,\" Yasmin, who is the director of water and sanitation department in Chhattisgarh , added.Yasmin says her passion and dedication for this classical dance form gave her a new direction in the world of art. \"The contribution of Maharaja Chakradhar Singh in the field of Kathak inspired me and gave me a direction for performance. I basically perform Raigarh Darbar, an elite form of Kathak, which lay hidden in the Indian History,\" she said.Yasmin is illustrative when she talks about Raigarh Gharana. She aspires to add a new dimension to Raigarh Gharana. \"I feel that the Raigarh Gharana needs more attention. Even though, it is a mixed blend of Lucknow and Jaipur Gharanas, Raigarh Darbar has its own compositions of Thumris, Gazals, Todas and bols which are unique in themselves,\" the Kathak dancer, who performed at several stages in the national and international levels, said.\"The Nav Rasa or the nine expressions of human life is one my compositions. Others include Gaj hilaas - walk of the elephant, Dal Baadal - the arrival of monsoon and Indrajal Paran and Ritu Shringar - various faces of environment,\" she said adding, \"These compositions require a lot of energy as they include a perfect combination of vigorous foot works and Abhinaya (expressions).\"Bestowed with natural beauty, talent and grace, she is an accomplished Kathak dancer whose facial expressions complement her dance and make her performance enthralling. Her emphasis is on perfection, 'Riyaz' (practice) and 'Taiyyari' (preparation) in 'Tatkar', and 'Pandhant' and command over the 'Laykari'. Ability to move from one character to another effortlessly in a split of second has helped her win over the pundits and critics and hearts of the Kathak lovers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nedumbassery", "code": "13977658", "title": "Trade fair &amp; exhibition centre opened at Cial", "text": "NEDUMBASSERY: Kochi international airport is a great success story for development in the state, said chief minister Oommen Chandy here on Saturday, adding that the airport tops the investment-profit ratio.He was speaking after inaugurating the Cial trade fair and exhibition centre near Kochi airport.Presiding over the meeting minister K Babu said all efforts would be made for the development of Kochi airport as one of the largest in the world. The construction of a new terminal will begin soon with a spending of Rs 300 crore. Ministers P K Kunhalikkutty and K M Mani, K P Dhanapalan MP, MLAs Jose Thettayil and Anwar Sadath, Cial managing director V J Kurien, Cial directors M A Yusaffali, Dr P Mohamed Ali and C V Jacob, Nedumbassesry panchayat president P Y Varghese, airport director A C K Nair, executive directors R Venkiteswaran and A M Shabeer were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13991417", "title": "Unadkat excited about Surkhaab!", "text": "Tushar Unadkat, who is now settled in Canada and was recently honored with the prestigious Trailblazer Award, is all excited about his upcoming film Surkhaab.He shares, \"Surkhaab is the name given to the Ruddy Shelduck (a type of bird) in India and Pakistan. This film is a story of a girl from India, her flight to Canada and the first 96 hours on the run! Barkha Madan, former Femina Miss India and Miss Tourism World Wide, who was seen in Bollywood's famous filmmaker Ram Gopal Verma's Bhoot and in Khiladiyon Ka Khiladi with superstar Akshay Kumar , plays the lead in the film. I collaborated with Golden Gate Creations, a California based company, to produce Surkhaab . It is going to be a Hinglish (Hindi + English) feature film scheduled for theatrical release at the end of summer in the US, India and Canada, this year.\"Asked about his journey as a filmmaker, he says, \"It's been a wonderful journey and I have directed numerous shorts and features. I have had the opportunity to work with Oscar winning producers and editors, namely Fred Fuchs, Phil Svaboda and Frank Reynolds to name a few! I have also worked with the likes of Shabana Azmi and Girish Karnad.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13978412", "title": "Low growth rate to badly hit manufacturing sector in Kerala", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The reeling effects of low growth rate, high inflation, huge input cost, spiraling cost of skilled labour and propelling land prices are going to badly affect the manufacturing sector in Kerala. Industrial experts portend a stagnant phase in the manufacturing sector of Kerala in the first quarter, though it portrayed a higher rate of 8.74 per cent above the national average of 8.2 per cent in the last fiscal.\"The sharp deceleration in the industrial growth in the first quarter of the current fiscal will affect the manufacturing sector across the country including Kerala. The thrust here is on the services sector and efforts will be made by the state government to avert a stagnating phase in the manufacturing sector by providing subsidies to industrial units,\" said N M P Jayesh, deputy director of Confederation of Indian Industries Kerala .Kerala State Planning Board member C P John told TOI on Monday, \"Manufacturing sector in the state is on a decelerating trend, any growth rate projected in this sector is not direct; it's indirectly projected through the services sector of IT, ITES and Tourism\". The services sector in Kerala is on a growth path projected at 12 per cent and efforts are on to improve the infrastructure through huge projects to develop ports, airports and rail connectivity.But the manufacturing sector in Kerala is likely to enter into a stagnant phase with the huge input costs and labour costs involved, he said. The traditional industries sector is in a declining phase, textile industry is crisis-ridden. In the manufacturing sector, hardly any hardware industry in the state though a couple of software based industries are functioning in the IT sector. Unless, high-tech agriculture and high-yielding varieties catch up with value-addition, agriculture sector will remain stagnant. The processing part of agriculture sector will help in industrial growth but not agriculture directly, he says.Public Sector Restructuring and Internal Audit Board secretary K Padmakumar says one way that the government can deal with the crisis is by sharing the profits from the services sector in the development of manufacturing sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13979626", "title": "Tipplers on a high as liquor grey trade flourishes in state", "text": "KOLKATA: Many tipplers in this state no longer head to the nearest liquor shop to get their spirits; they have the bottles delivered to their doorsteps. No, the booze shops haven't launched home-delivery services and these bottles also can't be legally sold in Bengal.The steep hike in excise duties and sales tax on liquor by the cash-strapped state government in September last year saw liquor prices rising, especially that of high-end and imported liquor. And this came as manna for bootleggers, who spotted a lucrative opportunity in the steep difference between prices in Bengal and neighbouring states. With this difference being even Rs 1,000 and more in the case of single malts, scotch and other high-end brands, handsome profits are being made by bootleggers who buy cases of such liquor from, say, Sikkim and sell them to tipplers in Bengal (see chart).According to the West Bengal Foreign Liquor Manufacturers', Wholesalers' &amp; Bonders' Association, there has been a 30% decline in sale of liquor in Bengal after the duty hike. Association secretary Parag Mitra told TOI that excise duty and sales tax make for 76% of the retail price of a bottle after the hike. \"This is the highest in India. In Andhra Pradesh, for instance, taxes and duties make for only 36.75% of the bottle price,\" he said.But manufacturers haven't passed on most of the hike in excise duty and sales tax in Bengal to consumers of the low-end and mid-range rum, whisky, brandy, gin and vodka. \"We have done a lot of cost cutting so prices of many of the cheaper and mid-range brands haven't increased very much. But the prices of the high-end brands and imported liquor have shot through the roof and their sales have fallen by more than 50%,\" said Mitra. Ashok Saha, secretary of Calcutta Wine Merchants' Association, the body of retailers, corroborates this.Naturally, bootlegging has received a big boost. Excise department officers, who don't want to be named for obvious reasons, acknowledge this. \"We have inputs about an increase in smuggling of liquor meant for sale in states like Sikkim and even Meghalaya into West Bengal because those states have much lower duties and the price of liquor is much less there. But it's difficult to catch the smugglers,\" a senior officer with the excise department's preventive section told TOI. This is not a very highly organized racket, he said. \"Since most of the smuggled liquor is high-end or imported, the consumers are all well-off and know the smugglers or their associates. The buying and selling take place at the individual levels,\" said the officer.Word about the availability of cheaper smuggled liquor spreads very discreetly among consumers of these imported or high-end brands. The example of Ambarish Ghoshal, a major automobile spare parts distributor at Tollygunge, best illustrates how the grey trade operates. \"I was told at a private party last month by an acquaintance that single-malts and other good brands were available at prices much lower than the retail prices in Bengal. He told me a person brings in such liquor from Sikkim. I got his number and called him the next day, asking for a 750ml bottle of Jim Beam. He delivered it the same evening at my residence for Rs 2800, a full Rs 500 less than the retail price in Kolkata. The bottle was marked 'For sale in Sikkim only',\" Ghoshal told TOI. With the price of this brand being Rs 2350 in Sikkim, Ghoshal's 'supplier' made a profit of Rs 450 on a single bottle.Ghoshal's supplier, who TOI gained access to, said he employs a few couriers who smuggle out cases of imported and high-end brands from Sikkim on a regular basis, concealed in trains, buses and goods vehicles. \"After meeting costs, I make at least Rs 4500 per case (12 bottles). Sikkim is the best state to get liquor from because of the short distance,\" he told TOI. He also gets very expensive scotch and bourbon smuggled in from Meghalaya through Assam, at times in trucks of security forces and in trains. This man said he sells about three cases on an average everyday. \"My clients purchase from me mostly for parties they throw at home, although many get their regular supplies also,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13980992", "title": "\u2018Investor ire was motive in Pingle abduction\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: One more, accused in the kidnapping of Amit Pingle, has been remanded in judicial custody. Police investigations have revealed that the motive behind the kidnapping was investor fury over money owed by Amit's brother-in-law Amol Ladgaonkar. Amit was kidnapped on the evening of June 2 from the Patil lane area on College Road.Police said Ladgaonkar had floated a company, Ashapura Gold Finance, in 2011. A group of Pune investors had put in their money into the company. The most recent accused, Dr Ashok Bhone, was one such investor.Ladgaonkar was repeatedly unreachable when the investors tried contacting him over dwindling interest returns on their invested sums of money.Police said the investors reached Nashik and on being unable to reach Ladgaonkar for a third time, hired goons who abducted Amit on June 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13978174", "title": "A song that crossed all boundaries", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Bulgarian documentary \"Whose Song Is This\" by Adela Peeva caught the audience's attention and awe on the second day of the fifth international documentary and short film festival of Kerala here on Saturday.The documentary seeks the true identity of a song shared commonly among people in Balkan countries. The documentary tries to convey the greater truth that human race share some common values and feelings transcending the narrow walls of nations and nationalities.People in Greece, Mazidonia, Turkey and Bulgaria feel that they were the custodians of the same song. Whilst the song is religious in one place, it is a romantic one in another country and a revolutionary song in some other place. The documentary shows how the song energizes army men and common public with the same passion and intensity. The song attains some peculiar changes in each country. Finally, the director winds up her search without reaching any conclusion about the true identity of the song.Speaking to audience after the screening of her documentary, Adela explained how chequered her journey towards the realization of the documentary was. \"It took me too many years to complete this documentary. Its screening was stopped in Germany and I had to even face the ire of public when the documentary was shot in some places\", she said.Sachin's saga in traditional animationTHIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Traditional animation is no piece of cake, animators would say. But Sachin Takle, a final year student at the Film and Television Institute, Pune disagrees. With his cell animated short-film \"Solitude\", short-listed to be screened at the International Documentary and Short Film Festival Kerala ( IDSFFK), Sachin is all set to flaunt his talents to the world.Every single one of the total 2,000 frames of the movie was hand-drawn and then developed using the Adobe softwares Photoshop and After Effects by Sachin. Through the character of an old woman, the 4 minute-long movie speaks about the solitude of the aged who are abandoned by their beloved ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13996670", "title": "Billa 2 goes back and Sakuni comes first", "text": "Ajith Kumar's Tamil film Billa 2, which is a prequel to Billa will arrive late due to the delay in post production.This film was supposed to release on June 22. But the latest information is that Billa 2 will release on the 6th of July.Billa 2 is releasing in Telugu as David Billa . With this film's release being delayed, Karthi's Sakuni is coming early. This film was supposed to release in July. But Billa 2's delay has pulled Sakuni forward.Sakuni will release on June 22 in Telugu and Tamil. Praneetha did the female lead in Sakuni . Bellamkonda Suresh is releasing this film in Telugu.Source: http://www.tamil.haihoi.com/", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13979661", "title": "Government petitions SC for 4.5% sub-quota", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Saturday petitioned the Supreme Court challenging the Andhra Pradesh high court verdict quashing the 4.5% minority sub-quota within the 27% reservation for other backward classes (OBC) in central educational institutions. Its argument: Muslims in the OBC category are often artisans and craftsmen, who, vis-a-vis peasant communities in the category are the more backward among the backward classes.The HRD ministry's special leave petition, which will be argued by attorney general G E Vahanvati before a two-judge vacation bench on Monday, sought an ex parte stay of the HC order to enable implementation of the minority sub-quota in admissions to Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) in this academic session.The petition said the HC had got the core facts wrong about the government's December 22, 2011 notification for a sub-quota. In a curious justification, the ministry argued that the 4.5% sub-quota for Muslims was essential as they were the more backward among those identified in the central OBC List.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13994453", "title": "Kerala govt hikes fees for UG, PG courses", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The government has revised the fee structure for undergradute and post graduate courses in government and aided colleges resulting in significant increase in academic expenses across the state. The across-the-board revision covers tution fees, lab fee, hostel rent, and for almost all the services provided by the Collegiate Education Department, Technical Education Department and law colleges. The new fee structure will come into force from the 2012-2013 academic year.Under the new fee structure, the tution fees for BA, B.Sc and B.Com courses have been increased from Rs 660 per annum to Rs 1000 per annum. For B.Sc Electronics, B.Sc Computer Science and B.Sc Biotechnology courses, the new fee would be Rs 3000 instead of the current Rs 2250.For PG courses the fees has been hiked from Rs 1200 to Rs 1800. The new tution fee for B.Ed and M.Ed courses would be Rs 2000 and Rs 3000 respectively. The special fees for UG and PG courses, including fees for Laboratory, Library, Magazine, Association, and Stationary fee, have also been increased to the tune of 25% to 100%.The government decision follows the proposal by the Director of Collegiate Education calling for an upward revision of fees. The order to the effect, signed by Dr. K M Abraham, Principal Secretary, Higher Education Department, has been dispatched to the colleges across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13980647", "title": "Qateel Siddiqui murder case: Motive remains unclear", "text": "PUNE: More than 24 hours after the murder of alleged Indian Mujahideen operative Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui, the motive remains unclear. The Yerawada police on Saturday said they were exploring various angles.Siddiqui (27) was found dead in his 10 ft x 10 ft cubicle in barrack no. 2 of the high-security anda cell of Yerawada Central Jail on Friday morning. Gangster Sharad Mohol and his aide Alok Bhalerao who were also lodged in the cell in other compartments strangled Siddiqui with a drawstring from a pair of shorts around 9.45 am.The incident came to light after two other inmates of the cell Akbar Munir Shaikh and Balu Waghire informed jail authorities about the murder.Police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar told TOI that police have obtained permission from the court to seek custody of the two accused involved in Siddiqui's murder from the jail.Borwankar said senior inspector Kishore Jadhav of Yerawada police station did not get much time to conduct investigations as he was busy with the inquest panchnama and post mortem.\"The accused during questioning gave vague replies. The incident took place over a petty dispute. Police will interrogate the accused after seeking their custody to determine the motive behind the murder.\" The victim's body was handed over to his relative on Saturday, she added.Civic activist M M Sayyed, who is helping Mohammad Afroz Shaikh, the relative, take the body back to Darbhanga in Bihar, said that he was arranging air tickets for Sunday morning's flight to Patna. Till the tickets are confirmed, the body will be kept in Sassoon general hospital's morgue, he added.Jadhav said the state criminal investigation department, Pune has not yet taken over the probe. He would explore all angles to determine the motive, he added.Assistant public prosecutor A K Pacharne said a magisterial court has handed over transfer warrants for seeking custody of the accused on a police plea, but a no-objection certificate will be required from the Pune special court set up under the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime as the accused are in its custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13985941", "title": "Accident prone areas: Administration drags its feet", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After evaluating accidents that took place in the past six months on city roads, the Chandigarh police have made a list of at least a dozen locations that are accident-prone.Police have sent a list of these locations to the Chandigarh administration's engineering department and suggested some measures like installing traffic lights, construction of speed-breakers and putting up of barricades.However, police maintain that they are yet to get a reply from the authorities. \"In view of the increasing number of accidents on city roads, a special team was formed which went to accident spots, evaluated various things and prepared a report,\" Maneesh Chaudhary, SP (traffic), UT told TOI.\"On the basis of findings of this report, we have identified around 10-12 dangerous spots in the city. We have written to the engineering department. One of our officials is tracking the progress of this file,\" he added.A senior traffic department official said that earlier in February, a list of 10 locations was sent to the UT but nothing was done to deal with the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13987375", "title": "Low-floor AC buses a hit on their launch in the Kanpur", "text": "Kanpur: The denizens of the industrial city had a whale of a time traveling in the low-floor city buses on the first day of their launch here on Saturday. Importantly, no area in 'no-tempo zone' witnessed traffic jam throughout the day. Majority of city areas witnessed smooth traffic then usual time.The city buses gave a smooth ride to the locals since early in the morning till late evening hours. The city buses were available at various stops which were made at specific distances. According to the majority of commuters, this initiative of district administration has smoothed commuting in the city.Its important to mention here that from June 9, the district administration had decided that no tempo will ply between the two points -- Gol Chauraha and Mall Road (Naronha Chauraha). Instead, low-floor AC and non-AC buses would ply on this route.This controversial project of the administration had a successful launch after the two-day pilot project in which people witnessed easy reach to the public transport with no major difficulty. However, the locals had to bear the brunt of hot weather at few stops where the buses took extra time to reach. But all in all, the service got happy and satisfied response with this new start without any 'Tempo Menace' in the city.\"I always wanted to see our city progressing like the metros and it seems to happen with availability of low- floor buses. This has not only improved the traffic scene of the city, but also added to its beauty,\" said Sahil Gupta, a student.Similar sentiments were echoed by Shuchi and Sikhi, the sister due who enjoyed the low-floor bus ride from Gol Chauraha to Bada Chauraha on the day of its launch.Those who were a victim of \"temperate menace\" in the city celebrated the day like any festival and travelled in the buses even after having their own conveyance. Many clicked pictures of their first ride on the city buses. \"It's good that mismanaged tempos and erratic tempo drivers have been replaced by low-floor city buses and competent drivers. This initiative should also be taken in places like Ramadevi, Kidwai Nagar, Gumti and other busy areas, where several accidents take place due to rash tempo driving,\" said Nidhi Shukla, resident of Kakadeo who came to her coaching at Badachauraha through bus. However, in some cases, these buses had delayed the plans of the locals. While many got late for their offices as the buses took longer time then directed to reach at stops, the fun and comfort denizens got in the buses compensated for the shortcomings.\"Tempos don't run until they have passengers overflowing the vehicles. They never bothered about the convenience of the people. The initiative to launch AC buses during the hot summer days is fantastic, as one can travel with comfort and that too in the same expenses as that in tempos,\" said Saroj, a bank employee who travelled in the low-floor buses from Naronha to Chunniganj. The students and college-goers were the happiest. Those who were having exams were seen studying in the buses. The kids clicked family pictures to show to their cousins living in the metros that even they travel in city buses following the trend of big cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13997087", "title": "CPI(M) central committe not to take action against Achuthanandan", "text": "NEW DELHI: CPI(M) central committee today did not take any disciplinary action against veteran leader V S Achuthanandan as sought by the Kerala leadership for putting the party in hardship through his public comments, but asked them to discuss the matter in the state.At a meeting of party's central committee attended by Achuthanandan and his bete noire Pinarayi Vijayan, party sources said the issue was raised but the central committee decided to ask the state secretariat and state committee to discuss the matter first.Achuthanandan has been taking a position contrary to party on the issue of political killings allegedly involving some cadre when the state leadership was trying to hard to dispel the notion that the party was not involved in it.Party sources said Achuthanandan spoke in the meeting and he raised the need for a change in the leadership in Kerala, a demand he had raised in a letter written to CPI(M) general secretary Prakash Karat earlier.In the letter, he had said that he would like to be relieved from the post of Opposition Leader if the present Kerala leadership continued.Some central committee members have also criticised the Kerala leadership in the delay in taking action against Idukki district secretary M M Mani for his remarks that the party had earlier made a list of political adversaries to be killed and they had already eliminated some, the sources said.Achuthanandan and Vijayan had met CPI(M) general secretary Prakash Karat on Friday ahead of the two-day central committee meeting which ended yesterday.The central committee also ratified the West Bengal committee's decision to expel former MP Anil Basu , who is facing corruption allegations, for anti-party activities. He was earlier suspended from the party for three months.On the Presidential elections, the central committee authorised the Polit Bureau to formulate a strategy after discussing with other Left and like-minded secular parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13991729", "title": "Dancing comes to me naturally: Ravi Dubey", "text": "TV hottie Ravi Dubey who is currently seen on Sony TV's Saas Bina Sasuraal loves dancing and says it comes to him naturally.Says Ravi, \"I have been dancing since I was 12-13 years old and I am not a trained dancer. It's more of a hobby\". Ravi also enjoys most dance forms including Hip-Hop, Bollywood, and Break Dancing and has a keen interest to learn B-Boying.So it's only natural to ask Ravi if he and his partner Sargun Mehta have been approached for the upcoming season of Nach Baliye . To this, Ravi simply refused to comment. When probed further on how he will juggle time between two shows if approached he adds, \"Adjustments happen. You have to take out time. A lot can happen in 24 hours. There are other commitments but you can always manage to make the time. So I don't think it's a problem\".So is Ravi in denial about Nach Baliye or is he keeping it a hush secret?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14002557", "title": "Now, minor visual problem won't be bar to join paramilitary forces", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now, young aspirants having minor visual problem can join paramilitary forces, if the defect is corrected using laser eye surgery. Government will soon notify a revised visual standard, giving a ray of hope for such persons whose candidatures are, at present, summarily rejected due to stringent norms.Government thinks that the changes, which can be made by getting rid of \"redundant\" stringent visual standards in this age of advanced technology, may not only help the paramilitary forces to recruit more personnel but also to retain the manpower.The revised visual standards will also take into account different nature of works for different categories of personnel while revising the norms, unlike the existing rule which asks for same standard for personnel engaged in combat and non-combat jobs.The notification will be issued on the basis of a policy guideline that was brought out by the home ministry last month. The new norms will be meant for recruitment and retention of personnel in all Central Armed Police Forces (CAPF), including CRPF, ITBP, CISF, BSF, SSB and Assam Rifles.The ministry while coming out with the guidelines noted that there is no point in prohibiting candidates having minor visual defect in this age of advance technology when \"there are many methods available for correction of distant vision like LASIK\".\"Additionally, there has been a significant transformation in the job profile of the CAPF personnel and the methods of border guarding as well as the way warfare is conducted,\" said the ministry's in its note issued on May 18.It said: \"The armamentarium of sophisticated detection and combat gadgets has made redundant certain stringent visual standards hitherto considered essential\".The ministry also noted how the CAPFs are losing out on recruiting candidates due to existing stringent visual standards. \"This coupled with the lack of attraction towards the Forces as a career option among the youth has led to a situation where there is a shortfall in the induction of officers, non-gazetted officers and personnel in other ranks.\"Pitching for the change, officials observed that there is no valid reason in expecting the same level of visual standards for personnel who work at borders or in militant-affected states for counter-insurgency operations and those who work as sweeper, cleaner, gardener or cook in the CAPFs.The ministry has come out with the new guidelines on the basis of a recommendation made by a medical board - headed by ADG (medical) of the paramilitary forces B S Pandey and comprising team of doctors including director (medical) of CISF Navin Ram - that was constituted last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13996012", "title": "Celebs at Tania and Hari's wedding in Chennai", "text": "The wedding ceremony of Tania and Hari was an occasion that witnessed some of Chennai's most well-known faces from various spheres of influence making their presence felt.From the biggies of Kollywood to members of the political, fashion, hospitality and social circuit, the gathering saw quite a lot of the city's glitterati coming together to bless the newly weds. The duo looked resplendent \u2014 Tania in a bright red silk sari and Hari sporting a traditional veshti.The guests were also dressed in their most elegant ensembles. Composer Yuvan Shankar Raja was among the early birds who arrived to congratulate the couple. Director Bhagyaraj and wife Poornima were seen catching up with their friends from the industry at the gathering. Common friends of the duo were in full attendance and they kept the proceedings chirpy with their unbridled enthusiasm. Here's wishing the couple a very happy married life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13978634", "title": "Part of school collapses in northwest Delhi", "text": "New Delhi: A small portion of a municipal school collapsed near Madhuban Chowk in Pitampura on Friday night due to waterlogging in the adjacent plot where construction of a multilevel parking was going on.According to North Delhi Municipal Corporation officials, the parking site under construction was flooded with water due to leakage in Delhi Jal Board's (DJB) water pipeline. Though the reason for the collapse is yet to be established, blame game has started between the two government agencies.Police officials confirmed that no one was injured, as residents had evacuated the area. \"There was a leakage in the water pipeline due to which water had accumulated at the site under construction. Around 11.30pm, a portion of the school building collapsed due to which neighbouring buildings developed cracks,'' said Ramesh Beniwal, a trader at Sunder Nagar Market who lives in the building right behind the school. Beniwal claims that his building has developed a crack. \"We had to spend the night in the colony park. We can't even open our shops as the main road of the market has also developed cracks,'' he said.The construction of the three-storey underground parking at Pitampura started almost two years ago. The parking lot is spread over a 3000sq metre area and has capacity for 150 cars.With the parking lot submerged in 4-5 foot deep water, North corporation officials installed six pumps on Saturday morning to pump out the water. And DJB officials, too, started the repair work of the water pipeline.Though a case of endangering public life has been registered against unknown people by the Rani Bagh police, North corporation and DJB are blaming each other for the collapse.A North corporation official said, \"There was leakage in the pipeline. The sub-soil soaked in this water and became heavy, consequently settling and creating an imbalance. This resulted in the collapse of a small portion of the school building, which was in a dilapidated condition. No one was injured. As a precautionary measure, we have evacuated all the neighbouring buildings.\" According to DJB officials, pumping of ground water from the under-construction site had stopped due to which there was waterlogging at the site. DJB officials say that their pipeline did not leak, but was instead a victim of the collapse itself.\"Our pipes here have never leaked. MCD had dug very deep for its multilevel car parking and had only supported the pit using temporary shuttering,\" said a DJB official. \"The groundwater level in this region is quite high and there were chances that water would seep into the pit if it wasn't pumped out daily. The corporation did have some 24-hour boring, but they had not been operated for the past three days due to some labour problem. Consequently, water got into the pit and levels started rising. The soil became heavy and shifted and when one side of the pit collapsed inwards, our pipe fell with it,\" the official said.On Saturday, North corporation's mayor Mira Aggarwal along with commissioner PK Gupta visited the accident site. The commissioner has ordered an inquiry to ascertain the reasons for the collapse. \" Ravi Dass, engineer-in-chief of South Delhi Municipal Corporation has been asked to submit an interim report in three days and a complete report in the next ten days,'' said YS Mann, director press and information, North corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13987541", "title": "Barkatullah University hands tied on cancellation of Abhilashi College affiliation", "text": "BHOPAL: Even after identifying an alleged fake institute namely 'Abhilashi College of Physical Education', Barkatullah University won't be able to cancel its affiliation as rule prevents it. The rule says that the state university can't cancel the affiliation of any institute affiliated to National Council of Teacher Education (NCTE) unless it is cancelled by the NCTE.\"We know that the college is fake, but our hands are tied. The only option remains with us is to send the report of the inspection team to NCTE and wait for their reply,\" Barkatullah University (BU) registrar Sanjay Tiwari said. \"We can only request the national body to get the affiliation cancelled. If they continue with the affiliation, then it won't be possible for us to cancel the affiliation of Abhilashi College despite the fact that it is a fake institute,\" Tiwari added.In a sudden inspection on Friday, a team of BU officials found that the address provided by Abhilashi College to the NCTE was wrong. Instead, the institution was running from other college with the name Abhilasha College of Physical Education.All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) was embarrassed when a few members of its inspection team responsible for submitting the report before granting affiliation to the technical institutes were allegedly caught accepting bribe in Durg in Chhattisgarh last month.The situation is almost same in the physical education colleges affiliated to BU. Admitting the violation of norms by most of the physical education colleges, the registrar said, \"I have received a lot of complaints regarding violation of rules by physical education colleges affiliated to the university.\"There are 22 physical education colleges affiliated to BU and many of them did not even have minimum requirements which are mandatory to run the institutes, sources said.\"The incident of Abhilashi College is a tip of ice-berg. Forget about teaching staff, most of the physical education colleges do not have their own playgrounds. It is shocking that such colleges are still running even in state capital,\" sources claimed. Sources added that most of the colleges took affiliation from NCTE by showing wrong addresses.When asked about the affiliation by BU to such colleges despite knowing the fact that they are presenting fake information, Tiwari said, \"They obtain affiliation from NCTE. We have to give them affiliation in such a situation.\"In order to curb the fake physical education colleges, BU has decided continue with the inspection drive. \"We have decided to continue with our drive before ending next session in July. We will make a comprehensive report of each inspected colleges and thereafter it will be sent to the NCTE for final action,\" Tiwari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13963260", "title": "Veena Malik is a religious person!", "text": "No, you couldn't have mistaken this lady for Veena Malik's quieter twin, even if she wasn't conservatively dressed.When Veena visited Delhi's Nizamuddin Dargah a couple of days ago, the spirituality was accompanied by perfect makeup and a touching concern for the right camera angles. Nevertheless, it was an avatar Veena's been seen in rarely.In a sequinned burqa and black heels, Veena stepped out of a black car in front of the dargah, where she was received by dargah in-charge Afsar Ali Nizami. Barefoot inside and seated comfortably on the floor, Veena said, \" Meri khwahish thi ki main Nizamuddin Dargah dobara aaun. Yeh doosri baar dargah aa rahi hoon . The last time I had visited was in 2010 with Ashmit Patel .\"Later, with a phoolon ki tokri and chaddar on her head, Veena offered prayers at the shrine. She sat in front of it to listen to the qawwals for a while, and then moved back inside the dargah office, perhaps because of the large crowds that her presence had attracted. Draped now in a golden dupatta, Veena said, \"Main aa-yi thi black dupatta pehen ke aur ab yeh golden dupatta pehen kar aisa lag raha hai jaise main khil gayi. I look like a bride.\"So is she spiritual, we asked. \" Hum bachpan se dargah jaaya karte thay ammi aur abbu ke saath. Hamare ghar mein savere paanch baje uthkar sab namaaz padhte thay. Yeh hamare ghar ka riwaaz hua karta tha . I'm a very religious person. Besides the dargah, I have also visited other religious places like gurudwaras, temples and churches. When I first came to India, I visited a gurudwara while shooting for my first movie in Punjab. I have also visited the Mount Mary church and the Mahalakshmi temple in Mumbai. I also have a small temple in my home in Mumbai.\" Before leaving, she told us, \"Maine bhi mannat maangi hai baba ke durbar mein, aur aasha karti hoon ki meri mannat puri ho jaaye.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13980691", "title": "'Bapu powered by Bhakti '", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In his freedom movement as well as social reforms, Mahatma Gandhi derived inspiration and symbols from the Bhakti movement that began in Gujarat with Narsinh Mehta in the Sultanate era.In his recently published book - 'Social, literary, cultural and economic effects of the Bhakti Movement', famous historian Makrand Mehta draws parallels between the movement of the middle ages with Gandhi's reformist movement of the 20th century. Mehta states that the Bhakti movement weakened the rigid social structure and created space for upliftment of the downtrodden. \"Saints and reformers in Hindu religion strove hard to develop values of equality against the vested interest of their time. Their message was 'What is morally wrong can never be religiously right', and Gandhi later took up the same idea to eradicate untouchability,\" the book claims.The historian claims that Gandhi's selection of Narsinh Mehta's bhajan 'Vaishnav jan' was mainly because the saint-poet reached the downtrodden and got ostracized from his Nagar community. Gandhi faced similar problem, when he settled dalit families in the Sabarmati Ashram. All industrialist-supporters stopped funds. A timely help of Rs 13,000 from Ambalal Sarabhai saved it. \"The Sheth appeared like Shamaliya and saved my reputation,\" Gandhi wrote in a style quite reminiscent of Narsinh Metha's who projected the god as a baniya.The book also shows how Gandhi's method of fund collection was first implemented a few centuries before him by a saint-poetess Janibai. Another poetess Ratanbai used powerfull symbol of charkha to generate wealth. \"Gandhi envisaged economic and moral upliftment of the country in charkha,\" Mehta writes .In this book, professor Mehta counters popular notion that the Bhakti movement was a reaction to the Muslim invasion, and asserts that its roots were in the rigid Brahminical society. A seminar is also organized at the HK Arts College on Sunday to debate this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "agar nagar", "code": "13986704", "title": "Simran's fish fall for him hook, line and sinker", "text": "AGAR NAGAR: In the house of income tax officer Jagdeep Singh, a colourful aquarium is not just home to over a dozen fish, but also the talking point among visitors. When the Singhs confidently talk about the attachment that the fish have formed with their elder son Prabhsimranjeet, the guests are left surprised and fascinated. But the family insists the love is visible, what with the fish rushing to the top of the aquarium as soon as Prabhsimranjeet, fondly called Simran, walks into the room.The teenager, who recently cleared his Class XII examination, smiles when talking about the fish. ''Papa first bought five-six fish in 2004. In 2009, we got a big aquarium with a water capacity of 100 litre. As of now, there are 12 fish in it,'' he says. Excited that the beautiful creatures have developed special bond with the family, Simran adds, ''We take special care of the fish. As soon as they see me, they swim to the top of the aquarium even when I don't have anything to feed them.''According to the youngster, the fish equally love his mother Ravinder, brother Sukhkiranjeet and father.The fish are fed special food twice a day and the Singhs make sure the aquarium is cleaned every month, with the water being changed after 10 days. A few drops of special medicine and a spoon of table salt is also added in the aquarium to provide a disease-free environment to the fish.Happy that the fish have developed a special love for his son, Jagdeep says, ''He takes special care of them and that's why these creatures adore him.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13986901", "title": "Bhojpuri folk singer shot dead", "text": "VARANASI: A criminal history sheeter and a Bhojpuri folk singer were shot dead by some miscreants near Kanauli village under Saidpur police station in Ghazipur district on Friday night.According to reports, some passer by noticed a body lying on Varansi-Ghazipur highway near Kanauli village and reported the matter to police. When the cops reached the incident site the body was lying in the mid of highway. When the cops searched the nearby areas the body of a woman was also found in the bushes. The victim was identified as Ramjit Yadav (36) of Aira village under Tarva police station in Azamgarh district. A diary was recovered from the body of woman. She was identified as Suman Tyagi (25), a Bhojpuri singer of Sonebhadra district.The killers had sprayed Ramjit with bullets and thrown his body on the highway. When the police contacted Ramjit's family it came to light that he also had a house in Bhadohi district. On Friday Ramjit, who was also an accused in a murder case took place in 2008, had left home in his Bolero with three armed persons. The cops also recovered empty shells from the vehicle. Ramjit's brother lodged a named FIR against Umakant, Udaybhan and Mukesh Yadav in this connection. The SP Ghazipur sent two teams of police to nab the killers. No arrest was reported in this connection so far.Two killed in mishap: A minor girl and a youth were killed in a road mishap near Lanka police picket under Sadar Kotwali police station in Ghazipur district on Saturday morning.According to reports, Suman Kushwaha, a native of Alabpur village, along with her six-year-old daughter Payal and nephew Dabbu were on their way on a motorcycle. Dabbu was riding the motorcycle. When they were passing through Lanka police picket area a speeding tractor hit their motorcycle.Payal died on the spot while Dabbu was rushed to a local hospital. The doctors referred him to Varanasi but he died on the way. Suman sustained minor injuries in this mishap. tnnAngered by the killing of girl the local traders tried to block the road but the cops controlled the situation and sent the bodies for postmortem.Crushed to death: A 10-year-old girl Arati Yadav was crushed to death by a speeding truck in Nagra area in Ballia district on Saturday. The police arrested the driver and seized the truck. The body was sent for postmortem.Youth overrun: A 20-year-old youth Chandan was run over by a speeding truck in Ahiraura area in Mirzapur district on Friday night. He succumbed to injuries on the way to hospital. The police seized the truck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13986866", "title": "18 counters for 'Tatkal' at Patna junction", "text": "Patna: Danapur divisional railway manager (DRM) L M Jha, who made a surprise night inspection of railways stations under the division to check the alertness of the staff on duty, has directed the senior divisional commercial manager to prominently put on display the counter numbers where 'Tatkal' tickets are booked at Patna Junction. This will help the passengers queue before the right counters. Of the 28 counters at Patna Junction, 18 to 20 counters will book 'Tatkal' tickets daily in view of huge rush of passengers. The DRM inspected Patna Junction and found everything functioning normally at the station.The night inspection started from Patna Sahib station around 1am on Friday. Jha checked the alertness of commercial, operating and safety staff on duty at the station. He was surprised to find that the railway inquiry counter was not being manned by any employee. The employee on duty was found sitting in the deputy station superintendent's office. The DRM checked the safety records and found them correct. The DRM found the guard and station master were exchanging \"all the right signals\" when a train was passing through the station.From Patna Sahib station, the DRM went to a manned gate (number 71-C). At gate number 72-C, the DRM found the gateman was alert but not in proper uniform. Jha checked the safety equipment and directed the staff on duty to follow the safety rules strictly so as to avert any mishap.At Gulzarbagh, the DRM inspected the safety measures and directed the staff on duty to update the safety measures in time. He then visited Rajendra Nagar coach complex where the coach maintenance work of Patna-Delhi Janshatabdi Express, Patna-Mathura Express, Patna-Secunderabad Express and a passenger train was being carried out. The DRM found while a few employees were absent, three others were sleeping inside an AC coach of a train. The DRM directed the officials concerned to take action against such employees.\"My night inspection will continue, and I will not spare those found lax,\" Jha later told TOI.Sr divisional commercial manager has been directed to prominently display the numbers of counters where 'Tatkal' tickets will be booked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13990869", "title": "Kolkata's happy hours last till?", "text": "With two rape incidents within months, is it apocalypse for the city's nightlife?Sealed with a Dementor's kiss \u2014 Kolkata nightlife. In the Harry Potter series, someone who's been kissed by a Dementor just exists, like an empty shell, with the soul gone forever. And that's exactly how the city's late evenings have become. Gone are the days when the happy-go-lucky crowd would be up on its toes till the wee hours. On Thursday, if bars were serving last drinks at 11.30 pm, around the same time a homemaker was getting into a shuttle car, little knowing that she would be kidnapped and raped. This, within months of the Park Street rape case. The question is: can Kolkata's happy hours last beyond 11.30?Paranoia has gripped the city after the two rape incidents in the heart of Kolkata within months. The victims of fright? Those who have to be out on work at night. Sara Basu, part-time lecturer at Maharaja Srischandra College, who takes classes from 4.15 pm to 9 pm, says girls are hardly to be seen on campus after 8 pm. \"Security is becoming a concern. Every night I travel from Shyambazar to my Salt Lake residence and with cabbies refusing to go, I'm forced to take a bus. While battling lewd comments has become part and parcel of daily life, what's more worrying is that by the time the bus enters Salt Lake, there are very few passengers left. There have been instances when I'm the sole passenger on the bus apart from two conductors and the driver. They often switch off the lights. So far nothing has happened, but an untoward incident can take place anyday. I try to be home by 11,\" says Sara.But there are also those who step out only around that time. Rima Giri \u2014 a call centre employee at Sector V, Salt Lake \u2014 whose usual working hours are 11 pm to 7 am, says fighting her inner fear is becoming as engaging as work. \"Stepping out at 11 pm itself is not safe anymore. And I travel from my residence in Jadavpur to Salt Lake in assigned night cars. At times, the car comes at 2 am and I need to go a long way on my own till another colleague gets picked up. If I were working at a crowded area, I would still have had some assurance. But in Salt Lake, no one can guarantee that I won't be targeted.\"The fear that the rape incidents have generated is cutting across society strata. Actor Ananya Chatterjee, who plays a rape victim in Agnidev Chatterjee's \"Teen Kanya\", allegedly based on the Park Street incident, explains that even if she's not a party regular, she doesn't feel safe anymore. \"Those who can, will always choose to be indoors by 11.30 pm, considering the turn of events in Kolkata. But being an actor, I can't do that. At times, shooting continues till 4 am. Even if I have a car at my disposal, I get paranoid on seeing bikers. I thoroughly check if the doors are locked. A few days back, a girl from the unit of \"Subarnalata\" was returning home after the shoot when her car was attacked. She was traumatized. I don't know where we are headed. Security needs to be beefed up immediately.\" New deadline? 11.30 pmAnd as the actor rightly points out, staying out of home after 11.30 pm has become a strict nono for many. Saranya Dasgupta, former assistant general secretary and a student of the outgoing batch of Lady Brabourne College says there's tremendous pressure at home to return early. \"There are late evening tuitions and group studies, but it's increasingly becoming difficult to attend them at night. It wasn't so until a few months back. It's important to carry along a pepper spray. I have a good mind to buy one soon,\" she says.With the party-pooper deadline taking its toll, the only other source of entertainment for Kolkatans is late-night movie shows, but those are going to get affected too, if sources are to be believed. Says a spokesperson from a popular multiplex, \"Our last show is at 10.15 am, but considering the security concern in Kolkata now, we are expecting a decrease in footfall.\"Kolkata's midsummer night's dream has almost come to a grinding halt. Can you hear the wake-up call?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13977906", "title": "Begum Bazaar jewellery heist: 6 arrested", "text": "Six persons who were involved in the burglary at Rudrangi Prakash Jewellers in Begum Bazaar were arrested on Saturday. Deputy commissioner of police (Central Zone) Tarun Joshi said six persons, Narayan Singh Raj Purohit, Rajaram Kumavath, Gopal Singh Raj Purohit, Mahender Chowdhary, Jalamsingh Raj Purohit and Ramesh Kumar Raj Purohit, all from Rajasthan, were held from a location in Begum Bazaar. Police also recovered 2.41 kg gold and 70 kg silver ornaments worth Rs 93 lakh from their possession. Police said all the stolen ornaments were recovered from the six. Based on a tip-off by an informer, police first nabbed Raju Kumavath at Macha Bolarum. Navaratan, another member of the gang, is absconding. Some of the gang members had committed similar offences in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13982408", "title": "Now, panel to translate Constitution", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has appointed a committee to translate amendments made to the Indian Constitution in the last 15 years. The constitution of India is translated into Konkani up to the 85th amendment.As per an order issued by the director of official languages, Prakash Vazrikar, the appointment of the five-member 'committee on Constitution of India' has been notified on Friday. Shantaram Varde Walaulikar, Amrut Kansar, Nagesh Karmali and Ramchandra G Ramani are on the panel. A senior translator will be the coordinator. The tenure of the committee will be one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13987690", "title": "Joshi left BJP on his own: Yashwant", "text": "Ranchi: Former Union minister Yashwant Sinha has denied the role of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi in compelling his arch rival Sanjay Joshi to resign from the party.Talking to media here on Saturday, Sinha said Joshi resigned from the party on his own. He, however, admitted that differences between Joshi and Modi were evident and an open secret.Asked if the recent developments in the BJP are an indication towards Modi being elevated in the party to be projected as prime ministerial candidate in the 2014 elections, Sinha said the rumours were baseless and planted by some people deliberately.He was here to campaign for the party candidate contesting the Hatia bypoll.\"The BJP is a national party with vibrant internal democracy and differences among leaders being a testimony to this fact. As far as a decision on the prime ministerial candidate is concerned it is to be decided through consensus,\" he said. Sinha blamed a section of the media for presenting Modi in the bad light ever since \"unfortunate\" communal violence broke in Gujarat.\"It seems that the same section of the media is now presenting him as the future Prime Minister at a time when the party is yet to start discussing over it officially,\" he said.Sinha criticized the UPA government at Centre, particularly the Prime Minister's role, in handling economic crisis. \"The UPA government may blame it on the opposition and media for presenting a disappointing economic picture of the country. The fact remains that even the international media is expressing concern over the poor growth rate and sharp devaluation of Indian currency in the past few months,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13982693", "title": "'Congress government sabotaged Ivana's funds'", "text": "PANAJI: Much before Ivana Furtado left for Tashkent, Uzbekistan , for the Asian Junior Chess Championship, Sports Authority of Goa (SAG) had played its part by clearing all the dues that had accumulated since 2006.\"The Congress (government) sabotaged her finances and did not release the grants to Ivana. Thank God, everything has been cleared now due to the efforts of chief minister Manohar Parrikar and SAG executive director Elvis Gomes,\" said Ivana's father Eli.A cheque of 5.80 lakh was issued to Ivana before her departure to Tashkent where she won the Asian junior crown. \"It was our administrative duty. We prepared the file and the chief minister immediately sanctioned it,\" Gomes said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13986807", "title": "Green bridges' project waits for no-objection certificate", "text": "LUDHIANA: Officials of the Punjab Pollution Control Board (PPCB) claim that the project to construct green bridges for cleaning up Buddha Nullah will be completed in one year. However, the private agency handling the project is still waiting for a no-objection certificate (NOC) from the drainage department. The agency, Green Infrastructure, is also struggling to continue work because of the heaps of garbage scattered on both sides of the drain.On Friday, principal secretary of science and technology Karan Avtar Singh visited the city and called a meeting of all departments connected to the project to discuss issues that are posing a hurdle in it.Green Infrastructure, the agency handling the project, will construct five bridges on the drain near Khera Bet village where Buddha Nullah water joins the Satluj River. However, the agency is waiting for an NOC from drainage department to ensure that the drain does not overflow during monsoons after the green bridges are constructed.Once these bridges are in place, direct discharge of domestic sewerage will not be released into the drain and only rain water will pass through it.The discharge from sewerage treatment plants will also be diverted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13981292", "title": "Polls: Congress to ride regularization plank", "text": "New Delhi: Armed with the recent DDA notification which eases the norms for regularization of 1,639 illegal colonies, the Congress hopes to garner support from lakhs of voters living in these areas for next year's Assembly polls. At the Congress Legislature Party meeting on Saturday, MLAs urged chief minister Sheila Dikshit to clear development projects in these colonies on a priority basis.Earlier in the day, the chief minister, state urban development minister AK Walia and a few MLAs met Union urban development minister Kamal Nath to thank him for accepting the proposal to ease the guidelines. After its defeat in the municipal polls, the Congress is viewing regularization of unauthorized colonies as a plank to regain lost ground.Though Assembly polls are one-and-a-half-years away, Dikshit has directed her MLAs to start reaching out to people in their constituencies, indicating that time is running out. Saturday's meeting chaired by Dikshit ended in a brain-storming session which threw up suggestions of a strong communication strategy to prepare the ground for the polls.\"I have asked all ministers to provide MLAs with details of projects under their charge so that they can inform people about the steps being taken by the government,\" Dikshit told TOI. \"Legislators should reach out to the people by holding meetings in colonies,\" she added. At the previous CLP meeting held on Monday, the CM had expressed concern over MLAs not attending Bhagidari meetings and not interacting with RWAs.Apart from issues affecting illegal colonies, MLAs also highlighted the problem areas in their respective constituencies ranging from water woes to poor facilities at government hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kingstown (st vincent)", "code": "13990155", "title": "Bowlers help India 'A' dominate opening day against West Indies 'A'", "text": "KINGSTOWN (St Vincent): India 'A' dominated as their bowlers' disciplined performance reduced West Indies 'A' to 212 for eight on the opening day of their four-day unofficial second Test.Medium pacers Ashok Dinda and Shami Ahmed and part-time spinner Rohit Sharma picked up two wickets apiece as India 'A', leading the three-match series 1-0, once again exposed the brittleness of the host batting line-up.Dinda led the visitors' attack to finish with two for 22, while Rohit picked up two for 31 and Ahmed, two for 43.The batsmen who made noteworthy contributions in the day, on which the hosts scored at less than three an over, were opener Kraigg Brathwaite (66 batting) and skipper and number nine Veerasammy Permaul (36).The toss of coin did not favour the Indians as West Indies 'A' elected to bat but the decision soon boomeranged on them as the visiting bowlers began to strike at will.The first blow to the Windies line-up came pretty early in the game when opener Justin Gullien (5) was caught by Manoj Tiwary off an Ahmed delivery.The failure to forge strong partnerships hurt the Caribbeans badly and the third-wicket stand of 48 between Brathwaite and Nkrumah Bonner (25) and the eighth-wicket stand of 47 between Permaul and Brathwaite again were the only steady phases of the innings.Brathwaite showed grit to remain unaffected by the collapse around him and struck seven fours, playing out 292 deliveries in the day.Brathwaite found a steady partner only at the bottom of the line-up in Permaul, whose 40-ball 36 was studded with five fours and a six. Permaul's entertaining knock was ended by Dinda, who penetrated his defence to castle him.Dinda had earlier accounted for middle-order batsman Kyle Corbin (13) at the Arnos Vale Sports Complex.After accurate first spells by Dinda and Ahmed, India 'A' skipper Cheteshwar Pujara introduced Rahul Sharma and the leg-spinner almost immediately made an impact sending back number three Donovan Pagon who lost his leg stump while trying to hit one over the top.The duo of Brathwaite and Bonner then added 48 runs for the third wicket but the Indian bowlers remained dominant backed up by some good fielding.Bonner added just eight after lunch before rushing down the wicket to left-arm spinner Akshay Darekar and finding himself stumped to leave the hosts on 71 for three. Bonner faced 47 balls in 49 minutes and counted four fours.Rohit Sharma then enjoyed a good spell as West Indies A lost four wickets for 59 runs to slip to 130 for six.But Brathwaite came to his side's rescue, anchoring two partnerships to keep the Indians at bay and see his side past the 200-run mark.He added 34 for the seventh wicket with Jason Holder, who scored 20, before the 47 with Permaul. Holder faced 34 balls and struck one four and a six before edging Ahmed behind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13984990", "title": "Art alone isn\u2019t enough in playwriting", "text": "Traversing the vicissitudes of the brilliant Sultan Tughlaq's life, timeless playwright Girish Karnad's rendition of the emperor whose fame waxed and waned finds itself reborn in a fresh reprint. Tughlaq has seen many seasons since Karnad breathed life into it over four decades ago...Tughlaq is reborn, yet again. What's the secret of its everlasting appeal?I just had to write. It's gone through various performances. When I was researching Tughlaq, there was so much material, including his expedition against China. When I wrote the play, it was about the time India was defeated by China. I cut out the part which included the Chinese expedition . Back then, history was symbolized in the present with the worst example of China attacking us.How do you manage to tide over the eternal question of whether the representations are factually right?Every play is contemporary. When you see Oedipus today, you don't say Sophocles wrote it centuries ago. It becomes contemporary whenever it is performed . I do a lot of homework for my plays. I love history and read for the heck of it. By reading, you realize that many things happen in real life which you wouldn't imagine otherwise. I enjoyed writing Tughlaq. For, if you don't enjoy writing, no one will.Your plays are constantly alive at theatres. Recently, Ravi Kumar staged Hayavadana, The Dreams of Tipu Sultan was performed at Jagriti and the Rogue Theatre Company currently in Bangalore took Naga Mandala to the US. Tell us about the art of breathing eternal life into your plays.It's like running a 4-minute mile - you can't make a person better if the talent isn't inherent. Playwriting is an art. No one can make a living from the stage in India, maybe to some extent in Mumbai. But most people don't have the energy to cope with this. As a result , a lot of first-rate talent is destroyed by writing for TV. I was lucky because I got into films as an actor and could keep writing. In doing so, I studied acting, learnt about pauses and incorporated it in my writing. Most people don't have this lucky chance. Also, I was lucky that I didn't become a top star - I was always in the second or third run. I was lucky because I served a three-year stint as director of the Nehru Centre in London. In England, a play ticket costs 35 pounds and all my theatre was paid for \u2014 it went into my entertainment allowance. All the while, I was conscious I had to keep training, like an athlete who has been to the Olympics, but has to keep at it. I wrote Tughlaq almost 50 years ago. Now I'm writing Bangalore Bengaluru - this play relates to changes in Bangalore . Most educated women in Bangalore , including my wife, say men don't look them in the eye and talk. Men seem to be sexually uneasy. So far, people writing Kannada literature haven't had urban experiences and are unable to relate to what's happening here. When call centres first came to Bangalore, UR Ananthamurthy called them 'coolie work' . I said to him, 'Why are you objecting to women going out at night to work?'. Although URA is very intelligent and perceptive, he wasn't able to understand this aspect.Are you still in search of that magical moment, beyond the boundaries of your imagination?You've got to be excited about what you are writing. For instance, Hayavadana is based on a Sanskrit text about two people who exchange their heads. When I was writing it, Karanth and I had an argument about how to use masks. He said it should be a play, not a film - and bang, I had the formula.Take us to your secret world, where ideas form, characters are born and you know you have struck that chord between your pen, the paper and the stage for all to see...I don't write until the idea is fully formed. Mathematicians say they know the solution, but don't know how to work it out. Similarly, with a play, I'm always excited about how to wean it, there's always a craft involved. Art alone is not enough in playwriting; I have consciously learnt the craft of it.Theatre is the pulse of mankind...There's no other art form where you can confront humans on stage. In theatre, there's electricity between the audience and performers - they respond with laughs or ahs, yawn or fall asleep. But in Bangalore, it's so difficult to get to anywhere, including theatres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13980833", "title": "Severed hand found in Gandhinagar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a bizarre incident, Gandhinagar police recovered a human hand, suspected to be part of a female body, from InfoCity circle early on Saturday. The police have started search for the body.According to police, watchman at a construction project near the InfoCity saw a dog chewing something that looked like human remains.He went to the spot and shooed the dog away. To his horror, the watchman saw that the object was a hand from elbow to fingers in a decomposed state.He immediately raised an alarm and informed police about it.A team of forensic experts and police investigators rushed to the spot and examined the hand.\"From the structure, it seemed to be a woman's hand. The hand had lost most of its bone and was in a decomposed state with bites of animals on it. It has been sent to Gandhinagar civil hospital for analysis,\" said a police official.\"The hand might have been cut off during an accident or suicide. Another possibility is that the hand might have been taken away by animals from postmortem department. We checked an area of more than three km in radius from the spot but could not find any body,\" said S S Gadhavi, inspector of Sector 7 police station.The forensic experts said that the hand must had remained exposed for more than a fortnight for such decomposition. \"We are investigating the matter keeping all options open,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13977131", "title": "Liquor syndicates: Anti-Corruption Bureau summons three MLAs", "text": "HYDERABAD: Going into an overdrive days before it has to submit a status report to the AP High Court, the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) on Saturday served summons to over 20 individuals, including three sitting MLAs, the son of roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao and a former MLA, asking them to appear before it between June 18 and 20 in connection with the ongoing investigation into the liquor syndicate.Those served the summons were Mahabubabad MLA M Kavitha (Congress), Visakhaptnam East MLA V Ramakrishna Babu, Sattupalle MLA Venkata Veeraiah, both from TDP, former MLA and YSR Congress candidate for the Yemmiganur Assembly bypoll Chennakesava Reddy and CPI leader and former MLC Puvvada Nageswara Rao. Minister Dharmana's son, D Ram Mohan Naidu, who is a Youth Congress leader in Srikakulam district, too was served the notice.Among the others who were summoned for quizzing were some politicians and businessmen.ACB director-general B Prasada Rao told STOI that in all, summons were issued to over 20 persons and they have been asked to appear before the agency between June 18 and 20. Based on the investigations so far, ACB officials were able to establish the liquor money trail to these persons, he added.Over the last few months, ACB has been inquiring into the auction of liquor licences, tampering official records after auction, sale of liquor above the maximum retail price (MRP) and irregularities in entries made by liquor shop owners in their books of accounts.Prasada Rao stated that on June 11, they would submit a status report to the high court, but the probe would continue. During questioning of arrested liquor syndicate members and officials, the names of these three MLAs and others had cropped up.ACB officials said that minister Dharmana's son Ram Mohan Naidu would have to also appear before the investigators and give his explanation.During ACB raids on liquor mafia, the investigators stumbled on names of politicians, officials of the excise department, police and journalists to whom liquor mafia had paid bribes for protection of their business interests. A liquor syndicate leader had even claimed that he had paid Rs 10 lakh bribe to then excise minister Mopidevi Venkataramana, who is now in jail in connection with the YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy assets case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13977397", "title": "Special kitchen for VIP prisoners soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: It's going to get better for VIP prisoners at the Central Prison, Chanchalguda as a new modern kitchen is set to come up in the jail. And that would sure be a mouthwatering news for VIP prisoners to step into the kitchen and have dishes of their choice prepared.The tiny kitchen they have now in the special class prisoners' enclosure has only a table and a gas stove, and is only big enough for one person to move about. But all that is going to change as a more spacious and comfortable kitchen with a better environment is being planned. A prison inmate is placed at the disposal of special class prisoners to cook whatever they want. It is learnt that the present lot of VIP prisoners have varied tastes. While some prefer non-vegetarian stuff, others stick to vegetarian fare. Sources said some of the inmates even visit the kitchen and guide the cook in preparing the food according to their tastes.While the jail life has not affected the appetite of male prisoners, in the Special Prison for Women, it is a different story. For instance, suspended IAS officer Srilakshmi, who is behind bars for her role in the mining scam case, seems to have become indifferent to gastronomy as she does not even drop into the kitchen. According to prison department sources, Rs 20 crore will be spent on creating some more facilities in the Central Prison, Chanchalguda. These include a special class prisoners building, including a separate kitchen for them. One exclusive building for aged prisoners and another for young inmates in the age group of 18-21 years will be constructed. Another high-security enclosure will also be constructed where dangerous criminals and those who have committed grave crimes will be lodged. Three new buildings, including a hospital block that was constructed recently are now being used to lodge prisoners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13977550", "title": "Motor Vehicle Division initiative for a smooth monsoon drive", "text": "KOCHI: In an effort to reduce the number of accidents during the monsoon, the motor vehicles department initiated an enforcement drive to check the condition of vehicles in the city, on Saturday.MVD officials checked all two-wheelers and light motor vehicles for defunct breaks, lights, indicators, vipers and worn out tyres.During the drive conducted on Saturday, the officials booked about 15 vehicle owners for irregularities, imposed a small fine on them and asked them to rectify the defect at the earliest. The officials have also initiated the drive against vehicles using tinted films on windshields.Ernakulam regional transport officer T J Thomas said that the drive would be intensified in the coming days and strict action would be taken against drivers flouting regulations.\"Such a drive was launched in the city, as majority of accidents during the monsoon are occur mainly due to defunct brakes and lights,\" he said.Thomas also said that the department was actually planning to repair the defunct accessories on the spot with the support of private garages, but had to drop the plan due to the high rates being charged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13982512", "title": "Sushma tried to kill Manjunath 6 months ago", "text": "BANGALORE: Manjunath is one lucky guy. He escaped death six months ago, and again when he jumped out of a Bolero where his friend, Hussain, met a gory end. N Manjunath, estranged lover of S Sushma, the BBM student who gave supari to have him killed, was on his guard for the past few months. Sleuths investigating the supari murder are coming up with some shocking facts. In her confessional statement, Sushma allegedly told police that she and the other accused had abducted Manjunath six months ago, locked him in a room in Hebbal and beaten him up. Manjunath had managed to escape after breaking open the door and filed a complaint with Hebbal police. Later, Sushma and Manjunath had reached a compromise.Since then, Manjunath had distanced himself from Sushma. \"But Sushma was adamant on finishing off Manjunath. This time, she called him and said she wanted to give their relationship another try,\" police said. \"Manjunath did not fully trust Sushma. That's why he chose to sit near the door, and when the gang forcibly pulled Hussain inside , Manjunath dived and escaped,\" police added.MANJUNATH SHIFTS TO MADIKERIHaving escaped two attempts on his life, a fearful Manjunath shifted to Madikeri in Kodagu district, police said. Earlier, Manjunath, his mother Narasamma and younger brother Lingappa were staying near K Anjanappa Road in Jalahalli. His residence was a stone's throw away from Sushma's house. Manjunath's father Ningellappa died of illness sometime ago. \"The family is from Dobbespet, near Tumkur. Last week, Manjunath told us he was moving out of the city to start a new life,\" police said.Police are also questioning Manjunath to find out if he knew anything about her property matters. Sushma's father J Srinivas had sold some of his agricultural land in Tamil Nadu for Rs 80 lakh. Of this, Sushma was to get a share of Rs 20 lakh. \"Srinivas has four children, including three daughters. He had told his daughters that he would give them Rs 20 lakh each and this would be deposited in their bank accounts. We will question Manjunath to find out whether he knew this,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13980309", "title": "Beijing University to teach Gujarati", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Chinese may not have mastered the English language yet, but they are keen to learn Gujarati to boost business ties with Gujarat. Beijing University is all set to offer a two-year full-time residential program in Gujarati language for those keen to work here.By January 2013, the university's language and culture department will roll out an extensive curriculum covering various aspects of the language. Faculty from colleges and universities of Gujarat are likely to teach the course through an open invitation and interview.Gujarat is eyeing over 10 per cent of the total Chinese investment of $100 billion expected in India in the next five years. Also, some 30 Chinese companies have shown interest in developing a Rs 25,000 crore township in Gujarat.Chinese officials - both central and provincial - will be the target students. Besides, students of business administration and employees of power and telecom companies are also likely to sign up.Jagat Shah, chairman of India China Economic &amp; Cultural Council (ICEC), Gujarat chapter, said, \"Chinese believe that understanding another country's culture is key to good trade relations. In the last five years, China has been focusing on developing relations between their provinces and India.After chief minister Narendra Modi's visit to China, they want to focus on Gujarat and Gujarati as a key to being effective here.\"ICEC will help the university develop the curriculum. Apart from helping develop the course material, ICEC will assist the university in translations, headhunting for faculty, faculty exchange programmes, student exchange programmes, field visits of students to Gujarat as well as industry placements in China and India for graduating students.Gujarati will be the second Indian language to be taught in China after Hindi. According to ICEC, some 1,000 Gujarati businessmen visit China every year.Back home, many Gujarati businessmen, too, have enrolled themselves in Mandarin Chinese language courses. Private Chinese classes are running full batches in the state. Surat's diamantaires are mastering Chinese to acquire a share of the diamond polishing industry pie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13989114", "title": "Adam Levine loves British game shows", "text": "Maroon 5 singer Adam Levine loves British game shows like \" Deal or No Deal \" and \" Countdown\".The 33-year-old admits that programmes fronted by Noel Edmonds and Nick Hewer are amongst his favourites for mind relaxation.\"Daytime TV quiz shows like 'Deal or No Dea l' and ' Countdown ' are brilliant. We don't have anything like that in America, grab some tea and slob out,\" contactmusic.com quoted Levine as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13981857", "title": "Giving land to institutes at low rates proves costly to housing board", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government's decision to allot land for educational institutes on concessional rates has given a major financial setback to the Rajasthan Housing Board (RHB).According to the officials, recently the urban housing and development (UDH) had taken a decision to allot RHB stadium's land which is 1 lakh square metre land on 50% residential reserve price to the Rajasthan University of Health Sciences in sector 18, Pratap Nagar. With this decision RHB will face a financial loss of approximately Rs 100 crore.Official sources claimed that in 2005 the board has allotted 2,200 square metre of land to the Rajasthan University of Health Sciences for free. After this, the university had asked the state government for more land.Sources said, \"Out of the total 97 square metre land recently allotted to the university by the state government, around 73 square metre of land was reserved for the stadium. The RHB has reserved 13,000 square metre for auctioning for commercial purpose to earn revenue.\"Out of 13,000 square metre reserved, 10,000 square metre was for developing commercial units after auctioning and 3,000 square metre for constructing 24-metre road in the area. \"Recently, a decision was taken in the planning committee meeting to combine the land which will be allotted to the university,\" said an official. He added that soon the proposal to change the land use from commercial to institutional will be forwarded for approval.Earlier, on the directions of the state government around 80 bighas was reserved in sector 18, Pratap Nagar for an international convention centre. The RHB spent approximately Rs 20 lakh for the planning. However, later the project was shelved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13983661", "title": "Palande plotted discovery of wrong skull to scuttle murder case: Cops", "text": "MUMBAI: It was serial murderer Vijay Palande's co-accused Dhananjay Shinde who led the police to the torso that forensic tests now show belong to the murdered Karankumar Kakkar. Palande himself had led the police to the skull, which tests show belong to someone else.Investigators now suspect that Palande was seeking to scuttle the case against him and therefore deliberately led investigators to the skull during their first visit to Kumbharli ghat on April 16. Palande was sure the skull would fail the DNA test and the case would fall apart in court, said investigators.Thirteen days later, on April 29, police took Shinde to the ghat. Police suspected that Palande and Shinde had both killed Kakkar in Mumbai and dumped his body in Kumbharli. The two had been kept separately since their arrests in another murder case. Shinde led the cops to Kakkar's torso, not knowing Palande had already taken them to the wrong skull.During an investigation into another murder, the Arunkumar Tikku killing, police learnt that Palande was involved in the Kakkar disappearance case. Kakkar went missing on March 5. Initially, Palande said he knew nothing of Kakkar, but on questioning all those arrested for Tikku's murder, investigators concluded that Palande and Shinde had killed Kakkar and dumped the body in Kumbharli ghat near Chiplun.The police ordered Palande to show them the spot where the body was dumped. He took them to the skull. Initially, the police were convinced that they had recovered Kakkar's body and focused on building a strong case. But senior crime branch officers decided to search for more body parts in the ghat. They interrogated Shinde and, 13 days after recovering the skull, took him to the ghat. Shinde was unaware of Palande's confession and took the police to Kakkar's torso. While the torso matches Kakkar's DNA, the skull and other bones recovered with it don't.An officer said, \"If the torso had not been recovered, Palande could have easily escaped by saying that Kakkar was still alive. Palande had created facts to support this by using Kakkar's ATM card in Mumbai, Delhi and Bangkok.\"On April 7, Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh, another Palande aide, had killed Delhi businessman Arunkumar Tikku in an apartment at an Oshiwara society. A resident saw them at the scene and they fled after leaving Tikku's body in a bathroom. The police managed to arrest Shinde, Gajkosh, Palande and model Simran Sood in the case.Palande planned to send cops on wild goose chase to BangkokAfter killing Karankumar Kakkar, accused Vijay Palande tried to lay a false trail of evidence leading to Bangkok. Kakkar only knew Palande as Karan Sood and had told his brother that Sood was introducing him to a film financer.After Kakkar's disappearance on March 5, the Amboli police summoned Sood (Palande) for questioning after which Palande flew to Bangkok on March 25 using a passport in Sood's name. He also used Kakkar's bank card in Bangkok. After three days, he returned to Mumbai using a passport in the name of Palande. He felt this would make the police hunt for Sood and maybe Kakkar in Bangkok.Small skull could be that of woman or childPolice suspect that the skull serial killer Vijay Palande led them to could be that of his fifth victim, who could be either a woman or child. The skull has been sent for an anatomy test for confirmation. An officer said the victim could be from Pune. Police will interrogate all those who came into contact with Palande in Pune and Mumbai to get a clue.Palande has been already convicted of a double murder in 1998 and is accused of killing Arunkumar Tikku and Karankumar Kakkar recently.With respect to the skull, the crime branch has decided to register a case for murder of an unknown person against Palande and his associate Dhananjay Shinde. But it is unclear which police station has jurisdiction in the case. Palande had taken police to the skull in Kumbharli ghat. An officer said they would soon decide the issue and take the accused, who are in judicial custody, into custody for interrogation.Palande had taken police to the skull in Kumbharli ghat. Police said the skull is small, indicating it could belong to a woman or child. \"We have asked for a test to ascertain the gender and age of the victim,\" said the officer.Police said Palande spent a lot of time in Pune and had several contacts there. They will question his contacts there as well as in Mumbai. A police team has gone to Delhi to record the statement of a man who found Kakkar's mobile phone in a long-distance train toilet and gave it to the Delhi railway police. The team will also record statements at places where Shinde used Kakkar's ATM card in Delhi. After dumping Kakkar's body in Kumbharli ghat, Shinde visited Delhi according to the plan, left the mobile in the toilet and used Kakkar's card. The accused wanted to create a story that Kakkar had gone to Delhi and then to Bangkok.The police are also enquiring about missing persons in Mumbai and Pune to get a clue about the victim. Kakkar's family will approach the court on Monday to claim the torso for the last rites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "the indian olive association (ioa) appreciates the article, 'granny is right", "code": "13981428", "title": "'Mustard oil has health risks'", "text": "The Indian Olive Association (IOA) appreciates the article, 'Granny is right: Mustard oil best for your heart' (May 18, 2012) , comparing the fat content in different cooking oils. While IOA agrees with most of Dr S C Manchanda's conclusions, it disagrees with his dismissiveness of the health risks associated with erucic acid in mustard oil.Mustard oil is banned for edible consumption in the EU, USA and Canada, principally due to its erucic acid content. The USFDA requires all mustard oil to be labelled \"For External Use Only\". Erucic acid is known to cause the following health risks: Accumulation of triglycerides in the heart; development of fibriotic lesions of the heart; increase in risk of lung cancer; and anaemia.Dr Manchanda states erucic acid was found to be harmful to rats in high doses but had no harmful effect on human beings. To our knowledge, no tests have been carried out on human beings. In fact, mustard oil for human consumption was banned even in Delhi in 1998 due to an alarming increase in dropsy. A mere comparison of fat content is not a study. In particular, there is no scientific basis for the extraordinary claim that mustard oil can reduce the risk of heart disease by over 70%.It cannot be denied that mustard oil has a beneficial fat composition. However, it is equally undeniable that mustard oil contains on an average 47% erucic acid.VN DalmiaPresident,Indian Olive Association", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13991097", "title": "Kiran Bedi invokes Mahabharata to attack Prime Minister", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna member Kiran Bedi today invoked Mahabharata to attack Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in the alleged irregularities in the coal block allocation.\"PMO clears Prime Minister. Did Dhritarashtra in Mahabharata not support Kauravas even after they attempted to disrobe Draupadi? Indian genes/culture? or?,\" Bedi tweeted.She said Team Anna is focussed on the party in power at the Centre because it alone can give an effective central law not opposition.Her remarks came after Prime Ministers Office wrote a letter to Anna Hazarre rejecting their demands for setting up a Special Investigation Team to probe corruption allegations against Singh and his 14 Cabinet colleagues and setting up special fast-track courts for trying MPs accused of corruption.Bedi had said yesterday that the letter to Hazare was \"wishy-washy\".\"PMO's letter to Anna ji on allegations made on PM and 14 ministers is absolutely wishy-washy,\" she had said.After the PMO's letter, Team Anna has said it will go ahead with the indefinite fast from July 25 as planned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14001111", "title": "Sharad Pawar asks Maharashtra government to provide Rs 100 crore for toilets for women", "text": "MUMBAI: Speaking on the thirteenth foundation day of NCP, the party chief and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar today requested the Maharashtra government to make a provision of Rs 100 crore for constructing toilets for women.\"The state government should make a provision of Rs 50-100 crore for constructing toilets for women in villages, at ST stands and at all the public places,\" Pawar said, after launching `Rashtravadi Yuvati Congress' (RYC) at a function here today.He also asked ministers from his party to fulfil the demands in the charter presented by RYC.\"At last year's foundation day we made 40 demands on the issues concerning the Dalits. I was told by state unit chief Madhukar Pichad that deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar held meetings in this regard and fulfilled 30 demands. Accordingly, the charter of demands presented by the RYC today should also be looked into,\" Pawar said.Praising the initiative of his daughter and MP Supriya Sule in creating awareness on the female foeticide issue, Pawar said: \"The awareness campaign which she undertook helped in throwing light on such incidents in the state, which are largely being reported from Beed district.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13983341", "title": "Three injured in hit and run", "text": "Noida: A 40-year-old man was seriously injured when a speeding Ford Fiesta coming from the wrong side knocked him down on Friday noon. Two more people were hit, but they escaped with minor injuries.Narendra Kumar sustained severe injuries on the head, eyes and limbs and was submitted at the ICU of J S Hospital in Sector 132. Witnesses said Kumar, who was coming out of a housing complex in Sector 105, was hit by the SUV, which also toppled a vegetable cart .\"Krishan and Rajan who were standing near the cart were hurt. Some students stopped by and took the injured to hospital,\" a cop said. The guard at the apartments managed to take down the registration number of the vehicle. Cops have registered a case of hit and run. The investigating officer said the vehicle had a Haryana number and efforts were on to trace the owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13982415", "title": "Student with \u2018yo-yo results\u2019 to move court", "text": "MUMBAI: The HSC student who refused to collect his marksheet over an alleged error has now decided to file a writ petition in the Bombay high court to get photocopies of his HSC answer sheets.TOI was the first to write about the student's case after the results were announced online. A couple of weeks ago, the student was elated to see his result online, which showed that he had scored 81.16%. However, when his father checked in the evening, marks in four subjects had changed and the online result showed he had failed in two subjects and scored only 41%.\"I met the divisional board secretary but he already has 5,000 applications, when will he clear my son's application? I don't want my son to lose an year and an engineering seat due to the state board's lax attitude,\" said the student's father.State board officials, however, said that this process will take a while. \"We have received a lot of applications and are trying to speed up the process,\" said Sarjerao Jadhav, state board chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13991581", "title": "Justin keeps his cool on being quizzed by Heidi Klum Home", "text": "Teenage heartthrob Justin Bieber resisted taking a peek while giving an interview to Heidi Klum , who wore a boob-revealing frock.The 18-year-old singer remained cool as he was quizzed after performing on Germany's Next Top Model telly show.After getting a congratulatory hug, the 'Baby' hitmaker perched himself on a seat next to the legendary supermodel.Bieber is currently promoting his new album 'Believe' and will return to Germany next year to play a series on concerts, the Sun reported.\"Great time in Germany. Can't wait to see you all again on the #Believe Tour next year!\" he tweeted.This weekend Bieber returns to the UK to appear at Capital FM's Summertime Ball.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "puttar", "code": "14000757", "title": "Strive for compulsory Kannada in English schools: CM", "text": "PUTTAR: Language policy that Karnataka has been following presently has been in vogue since early 1990s and there has been no change in it. The opposition of litterateurs, writers and pro-Kannada activists to teaching of English in Kannada schools is baseless and would hamper cause of youths from the state who has to compete globally. English is the tool that would help them stand up to challenges of globalisation, said CM DV Sadananda Gowda.Refuting observations made by Kannada writer D Javare Gowda, who feels state government is showing keenness towards English language and is not seeking opinion of Kannada writers regarding its development, CM said such writers should first introspect on their stand. \"I am getting a list of some of these activists whose children in turn have studied in various English medium schools,\" CM said adding he would make this list public at the earliest.The state government on its part has done its utmost to promote the cause of Kannada in the state, CM said, adding that proof of this was the successful organisation of Vishwa Kannada Sammelan in Belgaum. Writers instead of opposing teaching of English in Kannada schools instead should demand making teaching of Kannada compulsory in English schools for this would vastly serve the cause they have been espousing with greater passion over years.Incidentally writer D Javare Gowda had suggested that tax should be imposed on English medium schools and the proceeds used for providing facilities in Kannada medium schools. Observing that the issue of medium of instruction was pending before the Supreme Court, CM said the state government at no point in time would take any decision that would undermine the cause of Kannada in the state and constantly strive to protect it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13982437", "title": "Court acquits 'fake cop' charged for extortion", "text": "PANAJI: A judicial magistrate first class court at Panaji has acquitted Adil Shaikh, who was charged for extorting a mobile phone and 500 by impersonating a policeman in 2009.According to the prosecution, in May 2009, the accused, impersonating a policeman, threatened Ajinkya Rajput over telephone and ordered him to keep 500 with a person at a bakery in St Cruz. Similarly, after three four days, the accused again forced Rajput to keep his mobile with a person in a hair cutting salon in St Inez, Panaji. In both the instances, the accused had called Rajput on his mobile phone from a landline.Later, Ajinkya told his father about the incident and filed a police complaint.In this case, the prosecution did not examine the two witnesses from the shops, who took the money and the mobile phone from Rajput and gave it to the accused. The prosecution told the court that these witnesses could not be traced. During the hearing of the case, a panch witness told the court that police had shown him the mobile, but it was not recovered from anyone.While giving the benefit of doubt to the accused, the judicial magistrate first class, Sarika N Fal Dessai, observed thus: \"The prosecution has failed to bring out the involvement of the accused in the present case. The prosecution has failed to establish that the accused personated himself and criminally intimidated the informant to extort one motorola mobile phone and cash of 500.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13985504", "title": "Rs 80 lakh public wealth destroyed in Naxal violence", "text": "NAGPUR: In the last 17 months, government properties worth around 79.33 lakh have been destroyed in the Naxal violence. After Naxals inflicted a loss to the tune of around 45.23 lakh to the government last year, the rebels have already damaged properties around 34 lakh by May this year.The damage is around 30-times than the loss incurred by the government in two days during the 'Bharat bandh' in protest against the petrol price hike called by the BJP-led NDA and their Left allies last week which was around 2.66 lakh.The Naxal violence perpetrated in the district has led to such extent of losses which could have been otherwise utilized elsewhere to bring up several developments for the existing tribal population in the district where lack of amenities and infrastructure has kept the region in the rudimentary stage of socioeconomic advancement.District collector, Gadchiroli, Abhishek Krishna has admitted that the government assets damaged belonged to the public and meant for their benefit. He estimated that several projects could have been developed utilizing the substantial loss of 79.33 lakh. \"We could have erected four public health sub-centres or 20 additional classrooms for the aided school or around a dozen of primary schools or at least 15 anganwadis if the same amount would not have been wasted in just restoring the damaged properties,\" said Krishna. He added that Gadchiroli district is one such region where the maximum number of projects have been implemented.The district collector claimed that while it is a truth that security cannot be accorded to each and every possible government establishment but even the rebels who are damaging them in the name of protest should refrain from such activities as they are only destroying facilities meant for the poor tribal. \"It may be a contractor's jeep or police's bus but ultimately it is taxpayers' money,\" he said.The Naxals are trying to ensure that many developmental projects are stalled or delayed. The Naxals have recently destroyed an under-construction ashramshala and killed a contractor supervising the work of a construction project of a revenue department building in the district.The rebels have also damaged substantial value of forest department properties including the produce and logwoods.Naxal woman cadre nabbedA Naxal woman cadre was nabbed by the security forces engaged in anti-Naxal operations. The Naxal was arrested during a joint operation near Padaboriya village in Dhanora tehsil, in Gadchiroli district, earlier in the week. The woman, identified as Vaishali Aatla, alias Surkabai, who is in her early 20s was arrested shortly after an encounter between the Naxals and security forces.It has come to fore that Vaishali was attached to Platoon No 20 and Chatgaon Area Committee. She has admitted to having participated in several Naxal raids. The security forces now are trying to verify her claims.Home secy, RR in city for Naxal meetingAdditional chief secretary (home) Amitabh Rajan and state home minister RR Patil are landing in the city on Sunday evening for a high-level meeting on Naxal issues and the prevailing law and order situation in Gadchiroli and Gondia.The meeting is likely to be held in the office of divisional commissioner BV Gopala Reddy. The government schemes, especially the ones formulated for Naxal districts, are likely to be discussed along with other issues like surrender schemes.,Gadchiroli district collector Abhishek Krishna and deputy inspector general of police (Naxal range) Ravindra Kadam will also be attending the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "beed", "code": "13981083", "title": "No ban on all private sonography centres, says health minister Suresh Shetty", "text": "BEED: State health minister Suresh Shetty on Saturday ruled out the possibility of shutting down all private sonography centres.However, a strategy would be devised to keep strict watch over them to ensure that they do not conduct sex determination tests.Shetty ruled out the possibility of shifting the trial of Sudam and Saraswati Munde out of Beed. The doctor couple is wanted in connection with the death of a sugarcane harvester at their hospital during an operation to terminate her pregnancy in Parli on May 18.The minister, accompanied by minister of state for health Fauzia Khan and the Beed guardian minister Jaidutta Kshirsagar, met officials of the health department at the civic hospital to discuss female foeticide and steps to check them.Senior district officials, including the district collector and superintendent of police, ever, did not attend the meeting.The election code of conduct is in force in Beed district on account of the by-election in Keij-Ambajogai assembly constituency on June 12.Speaking to reporters after his meeting, Shetty said, \"To ensure maximum conviction for violating medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) and Pre-Conception and Prenatal Diagnostic Techniques (Prevention of Sex Selection) Act (PCPNDT), the government would appoint a panel of lawyers comprising of two public prosecutors and two private advocates.\"He said the government would even go to the supreme court to seek justice in female foeticide cases and for the violation of the PCPNDT Act.He also ruled out the possibility of shutting down all private sonography centres saying it would put the burden on the government system.\"We cannot take this action because of the wrongdoing of a few doctors. However, the administration would certainly keep a watch on the use of sonography machines and MTP centres,\" he said.The minister also declared a Rs 25,000 prize for anyone, including the health department officials, for giving information about incidents of female foeticide.Shetty ruled out the possibility of shifting the trial against Sudam and Saraswati Munde out of the Beed district. He said all such cases would be tried at their respective places and districts.Beed superintendent of police Dattatreya Mandlik, fearing political pressure on witnesses and officials involved in investigation in the cases registered against the doctor couple, had requested the director general of police to transfer the trial of these cases outside the Beed district.Mandlik had said: \"Sudam and Saraswati Munde enjoy considerable political support at the local level and on the basis of this support, they indulged in illegal activities.\"Shetty also said the home ministry has appointed three squads, two in Beed and one in Pune , to hunt down the doctor couple, who are still absconding.Inspections of sonography, MTP centres in Marathwada region continuesBEED: Health department divisions in Marathwada are on with their inspection of sonography, medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) centres and nursing homes to discourage female foeticide in the region.Speaking to TOI on Saturday, Mohammad Ashfaq, assistant director of health services, Latur, said so far 203 sonography, MTP centres and nursing homes have been screened in Latur division, which comprises Latur, Nanded, Osmanabad and Beed districts, in a span of four days. Of them, three sonography centres in Nanded have been issued showcause notice for not keeping proper records. He said all sonography and MTP centres are being scanned to check unethical practices like sex determination tests and female foeticide.\"So far 53 MTP, sonography centres were examined in Nanded distirct, by teams comprising health department officials, police and revenue department representatives. Three doctors have been issued notices for violation of the PCPNDT Act,\" Ashfaq said. Ashfaq said the special drive was launched jointly by the health, revenue and police departments. \"We are initiating immediate action against these centres if their record was not found up to the mark,\" Ashfaq added.Similarly, health authorities in Aurangabad division, comprising Aurangabad, Jalna, Parbhani and Hingoli, had examined 61 centres by Friday, said D N Patil, deputy director of health services, Aurangabad. Patil said 360 sonography and 281 MTP centres spread across four districts under the Aurangabad division are being examined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13983589", "title": "Apptastic", "text": "CosmosCosmos is a nifty little app that combines solutions for three major concerns of any Android user - the battery, disk space, and privacy.The app's Battery Optimizer will let you select three types of modes to get more juice out of your phone without having to recharge often; and what's more, it even shows you how much more time you have left for certain tasks, such as a phone call.The Trash Cleaner will get rid of unnecessary files clogging up your system. And the Privacy Scanner will tell you which apps have access to your data, such as current location, messages and calls, personal information, etc. A must-have , this one...Android | Free", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13963006", "title": "Parvathy to make Kollywood debut soon", "text": "2008 Miss World runner-up and actress Parvathy Omanakuttan says she enjoyed the warmth showered on her by Coimbatoreans Her first trip to the city seems to have been quite a memorable one, as her excitement suggested. Miss World runner-up actress Parvathy Omanakuttan, who will be making her Kollywood debut very soon, was happy with the response she received on her first visit to Coimbatore.In the city recently for a store launch, Parvathy was impressed with the warm welcome that was given to her. \"As soon as I arrived at the airport, I received a pleasant welcome, not just from the people who were there to receive me but also with the rains, which were a welcome relief from the Chennai heat,\" Parvathy says.She also had words of praise for the people of the city, who she found warm, quite outgoing and courteous. \"My happiness quotient soared right after I landed here, and the people have been very warm and hospitable. People's passion for cinema here seems to match that of Chennai, and many of them said they were looking forward to seeing me in my debut Tamil film, which felt very gratifying,\" she says, excited.Talking about her transition from modelling to acting, Parvathy says that she never expected to be part of the movies. \"I never really expected to work in films, and it was only after noticing my performance in the Bollywood flick United Six that I was offered an important role in Tamil.\"Parvathy says that she looks forward to coming back to the city again. \"I've received such a pleasant welcome in my first trip here that it is only natural that I will make more trips to the city in the future, irrespective of my schedule,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13992115", "title": "A collector\u2019s edition", "text": "Jehangir Sabavala, M F Husain and Tyeb Mehta \u2014 tracking down the estates of the three masters and market favouritesThe year 2011 was a bad one for the Indian art world. It lost two of its iconoclastic modernists \u2014 one an instinctive self-taught painter, M F Husain, and the other a methodical master, Jehangir Sabavala. Three years ago, these artists had lost their contemporary \u2014 the reticent Tyeb Mehta. The world over, these three masters, are not just pioneers but also definite market favourites. They fetch the highest prices.On Thursday at the Bonham's auction, Vespers I, the oil on canvas by Sabavala, whose death anniversary is on September 2, sold for a staggering Rs 2.16 crore. With Husain's first death anniversary on June 9, we wondered where the works of these three masters currently were and set about tracing their estates. We talked to galleries, collectors, families and friends.There's a notion in the art market that when the artist passes away the value of his/her work increases since they can't create any more and the collection become limited. Such is the law of demand and supply. However, not everyone agrees.Art historian and director of Sotheby's India, Maithili Parekh, says, \"There's no such rule; it's a myth. Great art by an artist, living or dead, always has a place.\" Director of Sakshi Gallery, Geetha Mehra, says, \"The art market is not as volatile as the stock exchange. Artist F N Souza passed away a decade ago, but the value of work came to its peak gradually and after 10 years.\"There are, in fact, several factors that go into estimating the value of a painting. \"The condition of the painting, provenance, the artist, his/her subject and the period, among other criterea\" she says. \"But in the case of these three; they all represent a generation of young artists in newly independent India. They have created a body of work that has chronicled our history.\"Given their distinct styles, they represent three different schools of art. Art curator Zasha Colah explains, \"Husain worked wanted to condense the whole history of India within his cycles.\" Sabavala, on the other hand, having spent time in European art schools, fused the scientific and the romantic. \"Though Tyeb Mehta went through many different styles, often myth was a way to social commentary. His works do not pause, they scream,\" says Colah.The impact of Husain's work is very different from that of Sabavala and Mehta because of the sheer quantity of work he created. He was a common man's painter whereas Mehta and Sabavala were painters' painters. Even then, what they've collectively left behind is a legacy and an estate to be treasured and documented.Jehangir Sabavala (1922-2011) Jehangir Sabavala's wife Shirin has maintained his studio on Altamount Road exactly as he left it \u2014 brushes, paints, and canvases neatly set in order where he had placed them. A volunteer meticulously archives every detail of Jehangir's life and work at this studio. The family is actively setting up the Jehangir Sabavala Foundation to keep his legacy alive. An emotional Shirin says, \"It wasn't on his mind at all. Sometimes I can hear him say to me, 'Shirin, Why are you taking on all this trouble? There's no need'. But this is something that occurred to me after he passed away. At the same time, I don't want to do something that would end up being a burden on others.\" The foundation that is still in the process of being formalised is set up by Shirin and their daughter Aafreed. The trust will comprise members of the family. They will host their first memorial lecture by Richard Lannoy in the first week of October. Since Sabavala was heavily influenced by poetry (he had a poetry circle at his home), the foundation will be bringing out an annual publication dedicated to it. Art critic and cultural theorist Ranjit Hoskote and writer Jerry Pinto will comprise its managing committee.Gallerist Geetha Mehra says, \"Sabavala himself was a big archivist. Every painting of his is traceable. He has complete records. Not only did he chronicle his own work, but he also made notes of all the things he liked, the exhibitions he saw. He has kept all the clippings, photographs, drawings, catalogues, sketches, everything. There is also a whole bunch of postcards collected from wherever he travelled. We are collating them all. For the following six months, a volunteer from the gallery will be digitalising all the material.\"In his lifetime, he painted about 900 works including canvases and drawings, which are with various collectors. At public spaces, eight are at the National Gallery of Modern Art in Delhi, one in its Mumbai counterpart; the Government Museum in Chandigarh has four of them while the Government Art Gallery in Adelaide has a few.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13982130", "title": "Three Mumbai galleries offer art for a song", "text": "In Mumbai, art is as out of reach for the common man as real estate. At least that's the generally held view as art usually makes it to the news when paintings are sold for sums that could buy a house in South Mumbai. However three institutions are encouraging enthusiasts and those who want to start collections to buy art by having sales of affordable art this summer.Sakshi Gallery in Colaba has set aside an alcove for Easy Buy, an ongoing sale of paintings, prints and sculpture from its bank of works till the end of June.Galerie Mirchandani + Steinruecke is holding Art for Young Collectors from June 13 to July 28. And Clark House Initiative, a curatorial arts practice, recently concluded Shunya, a show by recent art school graduates whose works were sold at reasonable prices.The show is over but the works are still being sold.Summer is typically a lean period for galleries as far as sales are concerned. It's a time when they exhibit the works of young, less established artists. Geetha Mehra, the owner of Sakshi, says that this year she decided to put some of her inventory up for sale instead.\"It's an opportunity for people to feel less intimidated in a gallery,\" Mehra says. \"It's amazing\u2014the number of people who have come in and bought their first piece of art. We keep talking about art being elitist. This is an opportunity to demystify art. And it's gratifying for me.\"Some of the works at Easy Buy cost as little as Rs 500. While the majority of works are by lesser known artists, the show is peppered with a few big names such as Sudarshan Shetty, Zarina Hashmi and NS Harsha. Most of them are works that didn't quite fit into a show or that Mehra bought to support a cause. The next thrift sale will take place only after the gallery rebuilds its stockpile of art, Mehra says. And that could take several years.The show at Clark House Initiative, which is across the road from Sakshi, had works by seven artists from MS University, Baroda, JJ School of Art and Rachana Sansad. It was put together by Prabhakar Pachpute, a graduate of MS University, and Nikhil Raunak, a Master's student at JJ School of Art. Prints start at Rs 800. \"It is encouraging for artists and encouraging for the viewer also,\" Raunak says. \"They were able to buy works at a lower price.\" Zasha Colah, co-found of Clark House Initiative, says that several works were bought by collectors and established artists. \"The artists felt great that their works had gone into collections,\" Colah says. \"And collectors liked the fact they were taking a chance on somebody.\"One of the biggest draws of such sales is that you might find a painting by a star artist for a throwaway price or a work by a promising artist who might in the future become so famous as to be unaffordable. \"That's what the thrill is all about,\" Mehra says.On the other hand Art for Young Collectors is a group show by eight young artists whose works, the gallery says, are about \"returning to their roots and discovering where they belong\".Gallery owner Ranjana Mirchandani says that most of the works are priced below Rs 12,000; the larger ones are more expensive.\"Each of the works is uniquely remarkable - and remarkably low in its pricing,\" she says. \"We wish to encourage a surge of enthusiasm in young collectors at this possibility to take home a wonderful piece of art for as little as Rs 4,000.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "chennai/new delhi", "code": "13984487", "title": "Govt site taken down in censorship protest", "text": "Chennai/New Delhi: Hours ahead of its planned protest against certain incidents of internet censorship in India , hacker collective Anonymous attacked andbroughtdown the website run by Computer Emergency Response Team India (CERT-I n), the country's premier agency dealing with cyber security contingencies . The site was restored later in theevening .The group organized street protests in 16 cities, including Chennai ,in theevening .\"This is your response team #india ! They can't even protect themselves . How will they protect others ,\" read a tweet from @opindia _revenge , the group'stwitter handle . \"We willkeep attacking http :// certin .org .in and http :// india .gov .in ! #GOI, ready to face ups and downs ?\" the hackers said .This is the latest in a series of high-profile attacks on government and corporate websites by the group in the last one month . The India wing of Anonymous , a collective of internet activists , had downed websites of Internet Service Providers Association of India , All-I ndia Trinamool Congress and Reliance Communications on charges of internet censorship .It brought down the official website of Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Limited (MTNL) through the distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack on Wednesday . In the CERT-I n attack too, the group has used DDoS that prevents users from accessing thesite.DDoS attack is different from hacking . It overwhelms theserverson which a website, in this case CERT-I n, is hosted. For how long the website would remain inaccessible depends on the response from CERT-I n engineers and the intensity of the attack by Anonymous .The group on itsTwitter feedhassaidthatitis aiming to keep CERT-I n website down for thewholedaybutit may not be possible .Anonymous started attacking official websites to protest web censorship after internet service providers (ISPs ) like Airtel and Reliance Communications on May 17 blocked video sharing and file sharing websites such as Vimeo , Dailymotion .com , thepiratebay .org , torrentz .eu, on the basis of an order againstweb piracy by the Madras high court . Though the order did not explicitly demandblocking of websites,the ISPs played safe . Anonymous has been arguing that instead of removing pirated links on websites, the Indian ISPs blocked entire sites that contained material hosted by other users and thus violated the righttofreedom of expression .Since then , Anonymous called for protests in real world , asking people to speak out against web censorship and the IT rules that were framedin Aprillast year .The planned protests are in some ways modelled on the Occupy Wall Street , which was supportedby Anonymous .The group has gathered support on the web using Twitter and Facebookto reachoutto people and asking them to organize peaceful protests in their respectivecities .Though the turnout was low, the group tweeted to participants : \"You all did a brilliant work . You stood up for what is right even when you werefew .Youwere not afraid .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13980518", "title": "Rail police nab two for thefts on train, goods worth Rs 10 lakh recovered", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Government Railway Police (GRP)'s Ahmedabad division local crime branch (LCB) arrested two persons with stolen goods worth Rs 10 lakh including gold and silver jewellery, 27 mobile phones and a laptop.According to LCB officials, they got a tip-off about two persons trying to dispose off stolen goods. Working on this information, police apprehended Jagdish Thakar alias Pintu, 19, a resident of Banaskantha, and Manu Chauhan alias Raghu, 30, a resident of Viramgam, from Sabarmati railway station. During their questioning, the duo confessed to five thefts aboard various trains.H R Muliyana, superintendent of police, GRP, said that the duo targeted long route trains that pass through Gujarat in early hours of morning. \"They were well dressed and would get a ticket for the general compartment. They would then board reserved coaches, such as sleeper and second or third AC class. In a matter of minutes, they would scan the entire compartment and target goods like purses and valuables kept beneath the seat,\" he said.Muliyana added that the duo used to get off near Sabarmati, since the train would slow down to allow change of tracks.\"This detection is important. Also, we have managed to get stolen gold ornaments which were stolen by the acussed in past three thefts, before it could be melted at any jeweller. We also managed to het hold of a large number of stolen mobile phones,\" added Muliyana. \"We are questioning them further to know their involvement in previous cases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13981999", "title": "Karuna joins chorus against cartoon", "text": "CHENNAI: DMK chief M Karunanidhi on Saturday demanded the Centre intervene to remove a cartoon depicting the 1965 anti-Hindi agitation by Tamils from school textbooks immediately.Karunanidhi called anti-Hindi agitation by Tamils in 1937 and 1965 as moments of pride for the DMK. \"The cartoon ridiculing such an agitation is bound to infuriate Tamils. Therefore, the Centre has to remove it from the textbook,\" Karunanidhi said.Karunanidhi had led the agitation against the Congress veteran C Rajagopalachari, who was CM of the Madras presidency, for imposing Hindi in the southern state.The MDMK, which first raised the demand, decided to step up its protests. Party chief Vaiko announced a demonstration on June 11 in Chennai. The cartoon is part of NCERT's political science textbook for Class XII students. The MDMK will protest near the Memorial Hall in Chennai.Vaiko said the cartoon distorted history and ridiculed student agitators of Tamil Nadu. \"The cartoon hurt Tamil sentiments and insulted student agitators by giving the impression that they did not know English (or Hindi), but were demanding English,\" he said.On Friday, Vaiko sent a letter to Union human resource development minister Kapil Sibal and NCERT director Prof Parvin Sinclair registering his protest. Lakhs of students participated in the anti-Hindi agitation. \"The protest was mainly to ensure Tamil became the official language and English remained the official language until then. If Hindi becomes the country's official language, (it was feared) the Tamils would become secondary citizens,\" Vaiko said.Barely a month ago, VCK leader Thol Thirumavalavan raked up a controversy over a cartoon on B R Ambedkar leading to widespread protests. VCK general secretary D Ravikumar said NCERT textbooks had several objectionable cartoons. \"We are not against cartoons, but only against a biased approach. Background of the issue should be given along with the cartoon.\"Political analyst Gnani Sankaran, too, criticized the cartoon for portraying student agitators in a poor light. Though he did not favour removing cartoons from textbooks, background information must be provided to help students think and debate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13967700", "title": "Bhansali defends his new rowdy image", "text": "Sanjay Leela Bhansali talks about his film Rowdy Rathore....Rowdy Rathore is being seen as a work of compromised art by people who expect you to make Devdas, Black and Guzaarish?Why would I only produce the films that I'd want to direct myself? Why shouldn't I produce the kind of films that perhaps somewhere I enjoy watching, have grown up watching? My father (Naveen Bhansali) produced a film called Jahaaji Lootera . It was a fun potboiler featuring the swashbuckling hero of those times Jairaj.It was like The Pirates of The Caribbean of those times. Somewhere in my subconscious Jahaaji Lootere has remained embedded . It has now surfaced in Rowdy Rathore .But critics who associate you with the aesthetics of Black are shocked?Luckily all kinds of films are being made today. But the one genre that continues its successful run is the potboiler. It cuts across all sections of the audience. Rowdy Rathore is the kind of film I used to clap and cheer for as a child at Alankar Talkies and Imperial Talkies like. Last week when I visited Chandan Talkies members of the audience came forward to shake my hand and hug me warmly. Something I've never experienced after any of my own self-directed films. It's all new to me. And I'm enjoying myself thoroughly. No one can make me feel guilty or apologetic just because I've had as much fun producing Rowdy Rathore as I dad directing Black. I feel rejuvenated and born-again.So is Rowdy Rathore going to be the new benchmark of Sanjay Leela Bhansali productions?Not the films I direct. I'm very convinced about my aesthetics. I am very proud of Black and Guzaarish . But I am not new to mass acceptance. My Devdas had created the same euphoria. That was a difference sur but nonetheless done in the ooncha sur. Lataji sings the soft Allah tero naam and the massy Bangle ke peeche with equal flawlessness. I can't claim to be as versatile. I will direct the films I am comfortable with.The films I direct will continue to reveal my aesthetics. See, as a child my father would insist that we see Mughal-e-Azam and Jab Jab Phool Khile . One celebrated a long-gone imperial culture, the other was modern and peppy. But to me they both are equally entertaining. My father would insist that I listen to the great Hindustani classical vocalists. I grew up looking at Amir Khan Saab's singing and Lataji's singing as representing an equally invigorating experience.Maybe I can't make a Jahaaji Lootere or Rowdy Rathore . But they're an important part of our cinema.And it's nice to participate in their making.This is the cinema that reaches to millions.So you did it for the boxoffice?No ,for the joy of making the kind of cinema I grew up watching. No one can predict the outcome at the boxoffice and make films accordingly.But who doesn't want produce successful films? Devdas was made within the popular format. But the aesthetice were different from Rowdy Rathore. I can't direct the films that Prabhu Deva can. I admit I wouldn't be comfortable doing this. It comes naturally to Prabhu Deva.I want to produce such films. It isn't easy to make Rowdy Rathore . It requires a lot of skill to make the kind of cinema where audiences jump out of their seats whistling and clapping.Didn't you enjoy the film?Yes, is Rowdy Rathore a new beginning for you ?As a human being I've lately become far more outgoing. I enjoy the changes in me. The suffering and intensity can never leave me. I now look forward to the sunshine and that will reflect in my next film I direct which has two of the sunniest stars Kareena and Ranveer Singh .How will Rowdy Rathore change your attitude to filmmaking?As a filmmaker Rowdy Rathore has opened new doors in my vision. A certain kind of flamboyance will be part of the film I direct and produce henceforth. Rowdy Rathore has put me in a happy positive frame of mind. I want to celebrate with my team, UTV, Prabhu Deva, Shabina Khan , Akshay and Sonakshi.This success is actually theirs. The film just happened. No stress. No fights. Only dancing and singing. And that joy reflects in the product.What are you producing next?Another South Indian remake. Of course remakes are the easy way out. I produced an original script My Friend Pinto . No one came to see it. I want to make films that reach out to a wide audience. I will now make films that would exude the mitti ki khushboo . I won't pick up any and every film for remakeThere are elements of your vision in Rowdy Rathore. The shaadi sequence reminded me of Aankhon ki gustakhiyan from Hum...Dil De Chuke Sanam?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13997337", "title": "Security forces, Naxalites clash in Chhattisgarh jungle", "text": "NAGPUR: Security forces and Naxals exchanged fire for around an hour in the jungle adjoining Mohla village in Rajnandgaon district in Chhattisgarh on Sunday morning.The encounter took place at a place which is close to Gyarapatti police station in Gadchiroli district of Maharashtra.It has come to fore that a combined force of Chhattisgarh police and Special Task Force (STF), along with Indo-Tibetan Border police (ITBP), had launched an operation after receiving an input about Naxalite presence on a hillock which is known as Bhookmarkah Pahadi.Though no casualties were reported from either side, the security forces were able to recover substantial materials of the Naxalites .According to reports, the search operation was still on in the jungles.Superintendent of police, Rajnandgaon district, Sanjiv Shukla said preliminary feedback from the operation field indicated recovery of detonators, wires, 12 bore rifles, wireless sets and some utensils and ration.\"We were at the bottom of the hillock while the Naxals were occupying the higher regions of the plateau. Our forces were creeping up the slope when the sentries on guard opened fire. This alerted the rest of the Naxals who could plan the escape,\" said SP Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13978150", "title": "Circulate draft of National Early Childhood Care and Education policy in local langauges", "text": "MANGALORE: Even as the Union ministry of women and child welfare has set a deadline of June 15 to file objections and suggestions to the draft of National Early Childhood Care and Education (NECCE) policy, educationists in Dakshina Kannada district demanded that the government should extend the last date as the draft has not been published in local languages.Members of the Federation of Education Resource Centres (FERC), teachers of anganwadi, balawadi, LKG and UKG, parents, educationists and social workers demanded that the last date to submit objections should be extended as the draft of the policy has not been translated into 24 languages mentioned in the Constitution of India. They complained that the draft, which is published in English, comprises of several tough clauses, which common men cannot understand.Social scientist William D'Silva demanded that the government should translate the draft into local languages and invite objections and suggestions again.\"It is not possible for laymen to understand the complicated sentences with tough words in the draft. Let the Central government direct state governments to translate the draft and distribute it among public. Fresh dates should be announced for general public to file objections and suggestions only after the copy of the draft is made available in local languages,\" he demanded.On the content in the policy, William said those who drafted the policy did not have proper knowledge about anganwadis in the state. \"It is an artificial draft policy prepared by those who are enjoying five-star life,\" he added.Dakshina Kannada district anganwadi workers and assistants association president Vishalakshi said that the policy makers needed to look into various aspects by studying the present situation in anganwadis and nurseries. Policy should address the actual problems including basic facilities for early childhood care and education, she added.FERC president Umesh Nirmal and Campaign Against Child Labour Karnataka coordinator Renni D'Souza said that they would write to the Central government regarding the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13982887", "title": "Collegium should elect ECs: Quraishi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief election commissioner S Y Quraishi, who retires on Sunday, would have left the EC a much happier person had the electoral reforms bill been passed by Parliament during what he calls his \"dream tenure\" as poll watchdog.\"For the first time, the EC and the law ministry held joint consultations for reforms. Union law ministers visited the EC for the first time in 60 years,\" he said.Salman Khurshid had, in fact, assured the EC that the bill with 22 reform proposals from decriminalization of elections to transparency in political funding would soon be introduced in Parliament. \"We have done the spadework. I hope the Bill is brought in the next session,\" he said in an exclusive interview with TOI. Quraishi suggested a collegium should select election commissioners to further enhance the body's credibility. \"The CEC, though, must be selected according to seniority so that the election commissioners don't feel that they are on probation,\" he said.When he took over as CEC in July 2010, his top priority was to check widespread use of black money in elections. He promptly established an expenditure monitoring unit.He lists this fight as his biggest achievement, citing an instance when the industry association of Ludhiana called him to express relief that no politician approached them for funds during the Punjab assembly elections. \"True, the black money flow has not been controlled fully, but we set up structures that will help weed out the menace,\" he said.He is fine with granting voters the right to reject if it curbs black money, he added. He also lists \"historic voter turnouts\" in 11 successive elections among his achievements. About his successor V S Sampath, he said, \"He is a gentle person but made of steel. He will surprise you.\"After cracking the poll whip, he now wants to wield the pen. He also hopes to devote more time to music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13977817", "title": "Police yet to take action against Raja Singh", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even after a month of receiving clearance from the law department to prosecute the persons involved in 2010 riots, the police allegedly have not been able to move a single file. And it has no explanation to offer except reiterating that they would be taking up the cases soon. The government on May 14 issued three GOs bearing RT Nos.775, 776, 777 giving green signal to the Shahinayathgunj and Afzalgunj police to file charge-sheets against TDP corporator Raja Singh and 75 other persons. According to sources, the police have not even initiated the process to prepare the charge-sheets. Raja Singh was allegedly involved in the communal offences that took place during the Hanuman Jayanti and Sri Ram Navmi festivals in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "13987178", "title": "Women are Gaya, Muzaffarpur mayors", "text": "Gaya: Vibha Devi, general secretary of the state Youth Congress was elected as the fourth mayor of the city. Mohan Srivastava, another Congressman retained the post of deputy mayor.Muzaffarpur: Varsha Singh of ward no 22 was unanimously elected the new mayor of Muzaffarpur on Saturday as her only rival, Kapila Devi, withdrew from the contest. The deputy mayor's post went to former MLA Vijendra Chaudhary's candidate, Majid Hussain.Darbhanga: Gauri Paswan was elected mayor of Darbhanga, defeating his only rival, Ajay Paswan, by three votes.Motihari: Prakash Asthana retained his post of Parshad of Motihari Nagar Parishad defeating his rival Brij Kishore Srivastava by one vote. Mohibul Haque retained the post of Up Mukhya Parshad of Motihari Nagar Parishad defeating his nearest rival, Nashima Khatoon, by 11 votes.Kishanganj: First time councillor Archi Jain grabbed the hot seat of the chairman of Kishanganj Nagar Parishad in a straight contest on Saturday. Mukesh Gupta was elected the vice chairman.Purnia: In Purnia district, Neelam Devi retained the hot seat of the chairman of Banmankhi Nagar Panchayat.The post of vice-chairman of Banmankhi Nagar Panchayat went to Navaratan Chowdhury who mustered 12 votes.Sushma Devi and Mohammad Hasmat won the hot seats of chairman and vice-chairman of Kasba Nagar Panchayat respectAraria: The post of the Araria Nagar Parishad chief was bagged by Sweetie Dasgupta with 16 votes. Sanjay Yadav was elected vice-chairman of Araria Nagar Parishad.Forbesganj Nagar Parishad chief's hot seat was retained by Veena Devi, who mustered 16 votes. Moti Khan won the post of vice-chairman.Katihar: In Katihar, Mamata Devi and Mushtaq were elected chairman and vice-chairman of Manihari Nagar Panchayat.Bhagalpur: Deepak alias Dipu Bhuwania won the BMC mayoral election on Saturday. Bhuwania got 35 of 51 votes while close rival Preeti Shekhar got only 16 votes. Preeti Shekhar became deputy mayor.Biharsharif: The post of mayor went to Sudhir Kumar.Madhubani: Khalid Anwar became the new chairman of Madhubani Nagar Parishad by defeating Nagendra Raut. The post of vice chairman went to Parasuram Prasad.Siwan: Babloo Chouhan was elected Mukhya Parshad of Siwan Nagar Parishad by defeating Mukhya Parshad Anuradha Devi. In Gopalganj, Rukmini Devi was elected Mukhya Parshad of Gopalganj Nagar Parishad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13994762", "title": "Hopes high on 'Thattathin Marayathu'", "text": "Nivin Pauly, lead star of Vineeth Srinivasan's Thattathin Marayathu, says he has high hopes pinned on the film, where he plays a romantic hero, a college student.The actor has also been sporting a new and trimmer look of late, all part of the preparation for the movie. \"I have to thank Vineeth Srinivasan for casting me in this film, for most directors won't take a chance with a character entirely different from your debut avatar,\" says Nivin.So how did he achieve the new look? \"I lost some weight, again under Vineeth's instructions. Since we had planned each shot beforehand, all of us were really into the film. It is a film which I have done from my heart and so I really hope it will work.\" Working with co-actor Isha Talwar was easy, he says, for Isha is a \"down to earth person with no airs of being a model,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13977667", "title": "Chanchalguda jail counting on \u2018road block\u2019 for security", "text": "HYDERABAD: With many VIP undertrials lodged at Chanchalguda jail, including Kadapa MP YS Jaganmohan Reddy and the 'public' road becoming a security nightmare, the home department has asked the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) to finish laying the alternative road behind the women's prison immediately.The prisons department wants to close the road between Chanchalguda jail and the women's prison due to security reasons. After that road is closed to public, the new road would be opened to regular traffic.Stating that the traffic on the existing road was posing security risks, home department deputy secretary P Usha Kumari has written to GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu asking the civic body to complete the road immediately.Official sources said that the alternative 70-feet road connecting Dabeerpura and Saidabad via Miraz Masjid was originally proposed in 1993. However, GHMC sat on the proposal for several years.It was finally the pressure from the prisons department , a couple of years back, which saw GHMC begin laying the road by taking some land from the prisons department. However, the work has hit a bottleneck near a masjid, where only 20ft width is available for the road.\"With the work dragging on, new encroachments have come up. Local leaders have put up some temporary mulgis (shops) near the mosque. Also, some locals are using the incomplete stretch it as a dump yard,\" sources in the jail department said. Apart from the new road, the home department has also asked the corporation to remove encroachments at Pilligudiselu, near the jail. Jail authorities have been asking the revenue department and the municipal corporation to evict squatters who have set up a hutment on 2.15 acres of its land.With the existing jail facing a severe space crunch (it needs additional land for expansion), special chief secretary, home department, Chaya Ratan has written to the GHMC commissioner on the issue.\"If encroachments are removed, the prisons department would use the space for construction of additional blocks, a prisoners' outlet and residential quarters. Although Chanchalguda jail has the capacity to accommodate about 600 prisoners, it currently houses 675 inmates,\" an jail official told STOI.At present, the prison has about 35 acres of land. Some huts came up on jail land as far as a few decades back. When a survey was conducted a decade ago, the number of squatters was 75. Now, that figure has swelled to about 200 families. Incidentally, the identified families were given houses at Nandanavanam by the Hyderabad district collector, but many returned to their old houses.When contacted, GHMC additional chief city planner V Narender Rao confirmed that they have received letter from the home department regarding completion of the road and removal of encroachments near Chanchalguda jail. Necessary action would be taken after getting the commissioner's approval, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "13984504", "title": "Authorities don\u2019t release affidavits of candidates", "text": "PATIALA: While filing of affidavits of criminal cases, assets, liabilities and education along with nomination papers by all contesting candidates was made mandatory by Supreme Court in 2003, but alleged refusal of concern officers to release these affidavits to common man seems to have defeated the purpose of judgment.The case for filing of affidavits was fought and won by the Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) against combined opposition of all parties and the government of India. But authorities of three districts except Ludhiana, where corporation elections are scheduled for June 10, have refused to give copies of affidavits while the absence of website of the Punjab Election Commission has diminished all hopes.\"Though, the authorities must provide all affidavits after the SC judgment, but we had to obtain photo copies for Ludhiana MC election from six different returning officers. We could not disclose any detail to common man about candidates of Amritsar, Jalandhar or Patiala, as their affidavits were not given to us by authorities despite repeated requests. The Punjab EC doesn't have any website from where we could take copies of affidavits,\" said Jaskirat Singh from the Punjab Election Watch (PEW), which is an associate of National Election Watch (NEW) and Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR).Jaskirat further alleged that he has contacted the State election commissioner SS Brar also but did not get any help in getting the copies of affidavits. Interestingly, the state Election Commission authorities and concern authorities are trying their level best to hide all information about corporation candidates for reasons best known to them. But the Election Commission of India on the other hand has been publishing affidavits of all candidates during Lok Sabha and Vidhan Sabha Elections on their website at least a fortnight before the date of the election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "13982166", "title": "Body of missing fisherman found", "text": "VASCO: The body of Pandurang Govind Mesta, 45, who went missing after a fishing trawler in which he was sailing capsized, was found floating on Saturday morning in the sea off the Japanese garden beachat Sada.At about 11.30am on Saturday, Mormugao police were informed about the presence of a body floating off the Japanese garden beach at Sada. Police, with of the help of the coastal police, fished out the body and after conducting postmortem handed it over to his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13983881", "title": "Introduce modern technology or perish", "text": "The only means to increase Kerala's dwindling agriculture production is through introducing modern technology in farming and attracting educated youth into this sector, which is the lifeline of economic growth and an integral part of food security in the country.The recent plan to set up of a unique farm school in Palakkad district is one such initiative, where accomplished famers will assist budding farmers in the latest know-how of farm techniques and usage of farm-machinery.The idea is to pass on valuable wisdom as well as modern practices of farming to the next generation of farmers.Concepts such as precision farming need to be promoted, as it will improve productivity and make farming more economical.The centre's study on agrarian crisis had included Palakkad, Wayanad, Kasaragod, Alappuzha and Idukki among the 35 distressed districts across the country. The agro service centre started by the Perumatty grama panchayat will provide farm machinery and labour for agricultural land owners. Such model centres should be replicated in all districts.The Rs 1,840-crore Kuttanad package, which plans to revive the Kuttanad region, which is a globally important Agricultural Heritage System, will mitigate Kuttanad's water-logging problem. We have recommended four ke measures \u2014 widening of th clogged Alappuzha-Changa nassery canal, introducing mor shutters to Thanneermukkom Bund, renovating Thottappall Spillway and removing man made obstacles preventing natu ral flow of Pamba river.-- By Dr M S Swaminathan(The author is a renowne agriculture scientist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "suddenly, sex is not taboo in bollywood. no one knows how and when the script changed and the plot of bollywood comedies thickened with sex-heavy vocabulary. probably it was delhi belly, written by akshat verma, that changed the rules. in a scene in the blockbuster, a lead character gate-crashes a wedding and throws the familiar line to the guests", "code": "13982342", "title": "Why are comedies so sexualized?", "text": "Suddenly, sex is not taboo in Bollywood. No one knows how and when the script changed and the plot of Bollywood comedies thickened with sex-heavy vocabulary. Probably it was Delhi Belly, written by Akshat Verma, that changed the rules. In a scene in the blockbuster, a lead character gate-crashes a wedding and throws the familiar line to the guests: \"Yeh shaadi nahi ho sakti\". Then he drops the bomb. Pointing a finger at the bride, he says, \"She has given me a **** job.\"This line made millions of jaws drop. It just blew away the old-style comedy, which was generally a mixture of slapstick and stupidity. With Hrishikesh Mukherjee-style humour gone out of fashion long time ago, the industry as well as the audience lusted for change. So now, silly comedies have made way for adult comedies. If Vicky Donor, Masti, Delhi Belly, Kyaa Kool Hain Hum, Housefull and Housefull 2 are anything to go by, comedies with bold themes and bolder dialogues are mainstream now.So how did the change happen?\"The success of these films only goes to prove that a novel concept with good humour and a sprinkling of sex makes it a fun watch for the viewer,\" says trade analyst Taran Adarsh. But media commentator Shailesh Kapoor attributes it to the change in profile of viewers. \"In the last 10 years, college-going youth have become the primary drivers of viewership. They expect their language and their psyche to be reflected on screen. And sex is definitely an important element in the youth's psyche.Hence the positive reception of naughty comedies,\" says Kapoor.Actor Tusshar Kapoor who has been part of films like Golmaal, opines that adult comedies are here to stay. \"These films work at the box office as they are unapologetic and have earned that respect from the audience. Look at the way Delhi Belly was lapped up by the audiences and this gave the industry confidence to make such films that are raunchy, naughty and fun at the same time.\"The latest adult comedy to woo the box-office was Vicky Donor. The film, which dealt with the taboos about sperm donation, was a super-hit, never mind that many of its dialogues were double-meaning. \"Cinema that is bold and entertaining had never had it better,\" says an industry source.But, like other trends in Bollywood, the adult comedy stuff seems to have been copied from Hollywood. \"Inspired from films like American Pie, comedies in India too have taken the risque and sexual route,\" says screenwriter Mushtaq Shiekh. But, he says, sexually-loaded comedies are not new to the Indian audience. \"This brand of comedy existed even during the 'Dada Kondke' days. Now, multiplexes, the internet and exposure to Hollywood has just made it 'cool' to be vulgar,\" says the writer.Vulgar or not, Bollywood is out to milch this trend while it lasts. Indra Kumar is all set to launch Grand Masti, sequel to his hit film Masti. \"Some people objected to Masti but with changing times people have started accepting such cinema. Besides, these days, you often see non-vegetarian jokes being circulated around on smses so it is really not a big deal,\" says the director.But, some are still working with the old formula. Sajid Khan, who has delivered some of the biggest comedies in recent times, doesn't believe in using double-meaning dialogues. \"I make family entertainers. I'd rather resort to stupid spoofy and slapstick stuff,\" says Khan, adding that opinion is always divided on comedies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13981444", "title": "Theatre festival in Volvoikar's memory", "text": "PANAJI: Kala Academy is set to celebrate World Theatre Festival in memory of the legendary Goan Marathi actor master Dattaram Volvoikar.Volvoikar is regarded as one of the greatest actors the Marathi stage has ever produced. Kala Academy has planned the festival to mark the birth centenary of the legend.\"Master Volvoikar gained national and international acclaim with his mesmerizing performances. He acted in over 200 plays across Goa, Maharashtra, Karnataka and many other states and even managed to capture the attention of the then prime minister Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru ,\" Kala Academy chairperson Vishnu Surya Wagh told mediapersons on Saturday.A number of his roles in plays like 'Matsagandha', 'Yayati ani Devayani', 'Dr Kailash' and 'Pandit Raj Jagannath' were testimony to his acting proficiency.\"June 10, 2012 marks the beginning of his birth centenary year. With the objective of paying tribute to this great actor, Kala Academy, department of art and culture and Lalit Prabhu Volvoikar institute (founded by Master Dattaram) have collaborated to organize the birth centenary year with different programmes. All festivals held in Kala Academy related to plays will be organized with the logo of this centenary year. A world theatre festival will also be held in his memory,\" Wagh said.Meanwhile, a group of artists led by director of art and culture Prasad Lolienkar and drama producer Ramkrishna Nair will visit Volvoikar's native village where his ancestral house is situated. \"A small function will be organized at the nearby school to mark Master Dattaram's birth centenary. Yearlong activities will be announced in due course of time as part of the centenary celebrations,\" Wagh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13982524", "title": "Facebook group sets up 'maim bhas helpline'", "text": "PANAJI: A Facebook group known as 'Digambar Kamat get well soon', formed to protest the former Kamat-led government's decision on the medium of instruction (MoI) issue, has resurfaced. The group has now started a taluka-wise 'maim bhas helpline' to protect the rights of the Konkani medium children in the 126 schools that shifted to English medium last year.Convenor of the group, Yugank Naik, said that chief minister Manohar Parrikar hurriedly announced the new MoI policy and allowed 126 Diocesan schools to change their MoI to English. \"These schools also have Konkani-studying children. Those students who have opted for Konkani should not suffer at the cost of the government's amicable solution towards the English-studying children. Our group will protect the rights of these children in the 126 schools. The 'Get well soon' group has established the helpline to resolve such issues. Those children and parents who are forced to convert their MoI, should not be worried,\" Naik said.He added that the group's volunteers have been divided taluka-wise. \"The issue would be solved at the administrative level. No children who opt for Konkani in these 126 schools will have to suffer. The 24-hours helpline will ensure that there will be no forcible conversion to English medium,\" Naik said.The helpline will facilitate awareness meetings for those who want to convert from English medium into Konkani or Marathi. The helpline would also help people with further administrative and paper work services free of cost. The helpline numbers is 7507388596 (Yugank Naik) for calls or text messages. The email Id is 'maybhas@yahoo.com' for detailed complaints.\"If required, the identity of the complainant would be protected. If parents or children feel threatened or confused, they should feel free to contact us. All our services are voluntary and completely free of cost,\" Naik added. The group's administrators had intended to change the group's name from 'Digambar Kamat get well soon' to 'Get well soon'. However, Naik says that after crossing 500 members, Facebook doesn't permit change of name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13978427", "title": "Marimallappa's institution recalls founders' sacrifice", "text": "MYSORE: Had philanthropist Gurikar Marimallappa and his wife Mallamma, a childless couple, thought of either adopting children or simply help children out of charity, the Marimallappa's institution would not have celebrated its 137th anniversary on Saturday.The philanthropic work is now the city's premier education institution, which is commemorating the servings of its founder. Marimallappa PU College Employers' Association hosted Smaranotsav in fond remembrance of the founders. The institution was a dream child of the couple who were keen on imparting quality education among many generations over a century. Gurikar Malappa was born at Dabbeghatta in Chikkanayakanahalli in Tumkur in 1818. Knowing the virtues of imparting education, he set up Marimalappa High School, the parent institution which has transformed the lives of lakhs since its inception in 1876.The couple sacrificed a lot to establish and continue the institution they built, which was remembered during Smaranotsav. The event was aimed at creating awareness on the founders' struggle for the student community. During the event, students who have excelled in II PU exams were felicitated by University of Horticulture Sciences vice-chancellor S B Dandin. Among 924 students who attended the exams, 730 have excelled with distinction, said college principal M E Shankarappa.Toppers awardedGurikar Marimallappa Award was presented to Shreyas Ananthnayak for scoring highest marks in science (590 marks) in the college. He has got second rank in the state. Aishwarya Rao L, who scored highest in commerce stream (576 marks), was conferred Mathrushri Mallamma Award, while Manasa s of arts stream was felicitated with Bhagyashilpi Award instituted in the name of K N Shivalingaiah for scoring highest in arts (561 marks). She has secured fourth rank in the state.Speaking on the occasion, Dandin asked them not to get carried away while they learn modern ways of living. \"Be firmly rooted in tradition,\" the VC said, emphasizing the need to have a balance between the sustenance of traditional systems with modern living. He asked the students to think futuristic. DDPU H Krishnaiah and S Paramashivaiah, president, and K N Panchakshara Swami, secretary of the Marimalappa's Education Society, were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "brezno (slovakia)", "code": "13997500", "title": "Sharmila, Smriti miss the cut", "text": "BREZNO (Slovakia): Sharmila Nicollet and Smriti Mehra missed the halfway cut and exited early at the Allianz Ladies Slovak Open on the Ladies European Tour.Nicollet, who had a first round 80 followed that up with a 78 while Smriti, with a 81 in first round had another identical 81 to miss the weekend action by a long margin at the Gray Bear Golf Course (par 72).English golfer of Indian origin Kiran Matharu (75-74) and Sahra Hassan (75-74), who represents Wales, made the cut in tied 54th place.Line Vedel of Denmark and Finland's Jenni Kuosa carded a pair of 69s to share the second-round lead. The pair finished with a two-round total of 140, four under par, one shot ahead of three others.England's Trish Johnson shares third place with Australian Rachel Bailey and Jessica Yadloczky of the United States.After heavy rain and thunder storms the course played a lot longer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13977870", "title": "Over 1.8 lakh defence land records digitised", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a major achievement, the Defence Estates Office (DEO) in Hyderabad has digitised over 1.8 lakh land documents \u2014 general land records (GLRs) and military land records (MLRs) \u2014 of the defence department in the state and 10 districts of Maharashtra.In the wake of defence land scams, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) wanted to digitise all its properties across the country under 'Raksha Bhoomi' project.\"As part of the project, 1.8 lakh documents, some of them from the British era pertaining to GLRs and MLRs, were digitised and microfilmed,\" defence estates officer of Hyderabad A V Dharma Reddy told STOI.The MoD, which had chosen Hyderabad and Chennai for the pilot project, had sanctioned Rs eight lakh for digitisation and microfilming. \"We started the project last September and completed it this month,\" Dharma Reddy said.\"We will hand over the data in the form of CD/any other storage device to the MoD. Once the security issues are thrashed out, the system can always be linked to a wide area network so that online access can be provided,\" the official added further.\"We can get accurate information of both GLRs and MLRs through this project. The DEO, Hyderabad, becomes the first defence estate office in the country in digitising the land records under the 'Raksha Bhoomi' project,\" Reddy added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13993547", "title": "Dwina Gibb sleeps with hubby Robin\u2019s teddy bear", "text": "Robin Gibb's widow Dwina has spoken for the first time about the pain of her loss and said that she eases her grief by sleeping with the late singer's teddy bear.Dwina, 59, who arranged a poignant funeral for the former Bee Gee on Friday, decorated their bedroom ready for his return from hospital as he fought his last battle with cancer. \"I changed the curtains, and made everything nice,\" the Sun quoted her as saying. \"But I hadn't realised that Robin would never come home again. \"Now all I want is the old room back and Robin with it\".\"I always sleep with his teddy bear beside me. I gave it to him a long time ago and had Robin's initials embroidered on the teddy's little blue shirt,\" she said. Recalling the beautiful funeral, she said: \"I was moved to tears during our son RJ's tribute to Robin. He said, \"My best friend. My daddy. I love you so much. You were a brilliant light and a true inspiration.\" \"When he said the word 'daddy', RJ became a little boy again, vulnerable, missing his father so much. I broke down,\" she said.Irish-born poet and author Dwina penned a heartbreaking poem, ' My Songbird Has Flown ', for his funeral in the village of Thame, Oxfordshire, where the couple lived. She also wore Robin's ring, a gift from her that once belonged to an Anglo Saxon king, throughout the moving ceremony. Dwina devotedly nursed Robin through his last illness, rubbing his skin with marigold cream to ease the dryness. She recalled how he awoke from a nine-day coma before passing away on May 20. \"I am devastated to have lost my best friend, my husband, my brother. Robin was everything to me. I shall miss him for the rest of my life,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13985700", "title": "Permanent floodlights for Kalinga stadium on anvil", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Kalinga stadium, the state's premier sports facility, will soon have permanent floodlights in place of ugly-looking bamboo structures that are put up time to time for lighting the stadium.\"After considering the cost, we will finalize a model that will be suitable both for football matches and athletic events held at night,\" sports and youth services secretary Saswat Mishra told TOI on Friday.The department has already asked for expression of interest from various parities for installing lights at the state capital's biggest sports complex, which seats around 40,000 people, the minister added.Sources said the government would spend anything between Rs 3 crore and Rs 8 crore for the purpose. \"We will go for a cost effective technology,\" Mishra said.The need for floodlights is felt each time the stadium holds a night match. During the recent Santosh Trophy, temporary wooden structures were erected on either side of the ground, each holding 20 halogen bulbs. These caused immense difficulty for players as aerial balls got lost behind the glowing lights. During corners kicks, goalkeepers also had a harrowing time watching the ball because of the lights.Significantly, the stadium lighting makeover comes at a time when it is in the process of installing synthetic astro turf to hold hockey matches, at an estimated cost of Rs 5 crore. The contract was given to a private party recently.The government is also in the process of developing vacant patches of land inside the complex for different games. The two fields near Gate 3 will be covered with nets so that players do not have to fetch the ball every time it goes out of the ground during practice, said Kumar Ranjan Panda, coach in-charge of the stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13978849", "title": "Fast food counter to come up at Charbagh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Passengers will soon get another facility at Charbagh station. The Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corportation (IRCTC) will open a fast food unit at the station, providing passengers quick meals. This will be in addition to Comesum and Jan-Aahar, the two IRCTC food outlets that already exist at the station.As per the new catering policy, IRCTC can run either a food plaza or food court or fast food units at stations. IRCTC had planned to open up a food court at Charbagh but that did not materialize due to lack of proper site. A food plaza, Comesum, already exists at the station.Northern Railway has provided space at the second class booking for the fast food unit. \"It will provide passengers ready-to-take meals,\" said Manoj Sinha, chief regional manager, IRCTC Lucknow. The unit will have automatic dispensing units. But unlike Comesum, it will not have seating arrangement for passengers.The Lucknow office of IRCTC has to open 32 fast food units at stations including Lucknow, Varanasi, Allahabad and Izzatnagar. IRCTC has also identified few sites at Varanasi to open up the units. For Lucknow, tendering might begin this month.On the variety of food to be provided at fast food units, IRCTC has to finalise the menu. The units will add to the passenger amenities at the station, as passengers can carry the ready-to-take food on their journey as well. The ready-to-take food might also not cost more as IRCTC will make efforts to keep it economical. Though presently only Charbagh station is getting the unit set-up, in days to come, Lucknow Junction station might also get one. Besides, IRCTC Lucknow might open up food plaza at stations where the facility is not available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13982699", "title": "Government yet to order English textbooks for aided schools", "text": "PANAJI: The 127 government aided primary schools that shifted to the English medium last academic year will have to wait for textbooks till they are printed. Sources said chief minister Manohar Parrikar is set to finalize the orders for printing of new textbooks in English at a meeting with education officials on Monday.Government aided primary schools are entitled to benefits which include supply of free textbooks to its students. Textbooks for the academic year 2012-13 were printed in regional languages as per the state policy which entitled only schools that had the regional language as the medium of instruction (MoI) to grants and free textbooks.As the state has now decided to provide grants to 127 government aided primary schools that shifted to English from Konkani medium during the MoI imbroglio last year, these schools will have to be provided English textbooks.The English medium aided primary schools will now use the Konkani textbooks as reference books till the new textbooks arrive.The government has already completed distributing some 72% of the textbooks in primary schools across Goa. Sources said distribution of textbooks was on schedule with 9,16,236 of the over 12 lakh textbooks in the regional languages already supplied to schools.\"If the textbooks in Konkani are recalled now, they will be lying in the godown unused. It has therefore been decided that the books should be used as reference books by schools until the new textbooks in English arrive,\" sources said.In Bicholim and Canacona talukas, 95% of the free textbooks have already reached schools. Aided schools in Bardez and Quepem have been supplied over 80% of their textbook requirement. Ponda, Pernem and Mormugao taluka schools have received over 70% of their textbooks. Salcete, Sanguem and Darbandora schools have been provided 68% of its textbooks requirement. Tiswadi and Sattari have been supplied 55% of the required textbooks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13981290", "title": "RTO to act against overloaded autos", "text": "PUNE: The Regional Transport Office (RTO) of Pune is soon going to conduct a special drive to check fitness certificates and tax receipts of autorickshaws and similar modified public transport vehicles that have the capacity to carry more than three passengers.Under the Right To Information Act, city-based Sajag Nagrik Manch (SNM) has recently found out that 92% of autorickshaws and similar modified vehicles with a capacity to carry more than three passengers have failed to obtain annual fitness certificates. There are about 4,371 such vehicles registered with the RTO and only 335 obtained fitness certificates last year.The SNM has said that it is dangerous to allow vehicles without proper fitness certificates to ply since it could to accidents. The organisation has also expressed disappointment over the \"lethargic approach\" of the RTO and traffic police in initiating action against errant autorickshaw drivers.Autorickshaws, including six-seaters, which have the capacity to carry more than three passengers, have been prohibited from plying in the main city areas for the last 10 years. These vehicles primarily run on the outskirts of Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad \u2014 such as Katraj, Kondhwa, Hadapsar, Baner, Balewadi, Nigdi, etc \u2014 especially on routes that have a low frequency of PMPML buses.An RTO official said, \"We will take action against drivers and owners who fail to produce fitness certificates and other documents like tax receipts. The drive will be extensive and will take place in the immediate future.\" An official said that cases will be registered if vehicles are found carrying passengers more than the stipulated quota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13977497", "title": "A weekend makeover for Panampilly Nagar", "text": "KOCHI: No vehicle will be allowed between 9pm and 11pm on weekends from Manorama Junction to passport office at Panampilly Nagar as the street will be converted into an entertainment zone. Panampilly Nagar, one of the oldest residential areas in the city, is set to get a makeover on the 400 metre business lane near Manorama Junction.District Tourism Promotion Council (DTPC) secretary T N Jayasankar said, \"We realized that beautification of the place or developing a model road are not enough and therefore decided to develop night-time activity for food and entertainment on weekends. It will be converted into an entrainment zone only on Saturday and Sunday and the road will be closed on these days between 9pm and 11pm.\" DTPC has been allocated around Rs 1.10 crore by the department of tourism for the project.However, they estimate that the project could cost anywhere between Rs 4 crore to 5 crore and DTPC is now coordinating with KSEB, water authority and corporation to raise funds. In the food and fun zone, DTPC plans to have five food outlets which would be run by the best restaurants and bakers in the city.\"There will also be kiosks for shopping as well as street performances by snake charmers, musicians and others,\" said Jayasankar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13981296", "title": "Perfecting the past", "text": "As Ahmedabad aspires to become India's first Unesco World Heritage City, it is important to remember that heritage is not limited to history, nostalgia and aesthetics. It is also a treasure trove of knowledge, such as the exceptional traditional construction techniques that not many use today. Among those attempting to revive this knowledge system are architect couple Parul Zaveri and Nimish Patel. They employed these methods to make their home.Situated on a plot spanning 350 sq m in a small cooperative society in Ahmedabad that abuts a municipal garden, the house is built on the principles of Vastu. All spaces - living, dining, kitchen on the ground level and bedrooms, and the study on the upper level - wrap themselves around the central wooden staircase which ends in the basement in a sunken courtyard.\"We believe nature, traditional wisdom and craft should be the basic ingredients of design,\" says Nimish about their design and conservation practice. \"Our intention was to achieve resource conservation in a holistic way, to use crafts at all levels of design and also create comfortable environs with minimum use of electrical and mechanical energies.\" Thus, the traditional lime mixture - consisting of lime, gur, gugal and methi - was used as mortar, as coloured plaster, painting coat and even as the screen for garden lighting.Further, earthen pots providing insulation on the terrace and broken china forming exquisite mosaic patterns on the flooring are the micro-details that fill the house. And all these have been created by expert artisans, of course.\"While the intensity of light mirrored from these mosaic floors varies with every changing hour, the unpainted lime plaster lends a timeless quality,\" says Parul. \"Most of the methods employed in making the house are the ones we have learnt in our practice over time from vernacular architecture. It is very important to revive traditional methods of construction which are often climatological and naturefriendly.\"Curiously, the couple graduated in the early 1970s that was the period when a manifestation of Modernism became evident in Ahmedabad. Many brick-and-concrete structures bore the signatures of iconic architects like Corbusier and Louis Kahn; these structures spawned a legion of similar buildings. So, in a sense, uniformity was beginning to jostle with India's inherent cultural plurality.Some like Nimish and Parul, however, felt 'plurality was as much the strength of Indian architecture, as was the anonymity of its designers.' Their house stands testimony to this belief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13978177", "title": "Antony\u2019s fest: Railways add extra coaches", "text": "MANGALORE: In view of St Antony's Church Annual festival at Melnariyappanur, Chinnasalem in Kallakurichi Taluk of Villupuram district, two second-class day coaches are being added on a temporary basis between June 11 and 14 in Vriddhachalam-Salem-Vriddhachalam passenger train numbers 56835/56838 and 56837/56836.From June 11 to 14, train number 11063 Chennai Egmore-Salem Express and train number 11064 Salem-Chennai Egmore will have stoppages at Melnariyappanur. Similarly, train number 16044 Mangalore Central Puducherry Weekly Express and 16043 Puducherry Mangalore Central Weekly Express will have stoppages at Melnariyappanur on June 12 only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13981320", "title": "The man Modi loves to hate", "text": "For all the bad blood between Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi and Sanjay Joshi, there are some startling similarities between them. Both 'pracharaks' were loaned by the Sangh Parivar to the BJP at around the same time and both started their political careers from Gujarat.Pellentesque placerat cursus eros, in fermentum risus aliquet vel. Morbi vitae est arcu, eu aliquam odio. Nunc felis lectus, rutrum quis molestie at, congue et leo. Aenean quis dolor eget lorem tempor posuere eget ac arcu. Praesent turpis nulla, eleifend a gravida id, ornare quis orci. Quisque ultrices, ligula vel sodales consequat, lectus orci mollis nulla, vel rutrum arcu metus et lectus. Maecenas nibh mi, interdum nec mollis id, faucibus auctor erat. Fusce non dui neque. In molestie, odio quis sagittis fringilla, tortor ante consectetur diam, et mattis magna est a nulla.Vivamus arcu nisl, auctor et feugiat eget, ultrices vitae purus. While Modi joined the BJP in 1987, Joshi joined in 1988, helping redefine Gujarat's political character - from being a Congress stronghold to a BJP bastion. Both are known to have exceptional organizational skills and are expert strategists, especially when they are in the poll mode.A common strength they share is an elephantine memory - give them the name of a small-time party worker once and they will remember it forever, whether it is someone putting up posters or just arranging for a mike at a public rally. They are also known to work hard. Putting in 18 hours a day is not new to either of them. And if Modi is tech-savvy, so is Joshi. Both love their gadgets.What separates the two, however, is Modi's flamboyance and Joshi's low-profile, backroom-operator approach to politics. Modi, known for his oratory, comes into his own in front of a large audience. Joshi's oratory is reserved only for party workers. Those who have worked with both of them say that while Modi is known as a man o f 'rajkaran' , Joshi is a man of 'rajniti'.Joshi, however, never crosses the Sangh's 'Laxmanrekha' of discipline. For instance, he spent six years in political wilderness after a CD was circulated at the BJP's national executive in Mumbai which allegedly showed him in a compromising position with a woman. The CD, allegedly distributed by Gujarat police officials, was later found to be fake. Despite this, Joshi did not ask for disciplinary action against those behind the distribution.In 2004, three years after Joshi had been shunted out of Gujarat on Modi's insistence, many MLAs and MPs aligned with Keshubhai Patel had approached L K Advani to complain about the chief minister. Joshi was asked to play troubleshooter and rein in the dissidents. He did so despite his dislike for Modi.In the past decade, Joshi had helped the BJP gain power in five different states, including Madhya Pradesh , Jharkhand , Chhatisgarh, Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand. Sources add that party president Nitin Gadkari had last put him in charge of Uttar Pradesh so that the BJP could regain lost ground in India's largest state during his tenure.Interestingly, both Gadkari and Joshi come from Nagpur and had attended RSS 'shakhas' together in their youth. Joshi, who went on to become a mechanical engineer, was a lecturer in a college in Nagpur before becoming a full-time Sangh member. What endeared him to the people he worked with was his simplicity. He slept on the floor in a small room in the Khanpur headquarters of the party for as long as he was in Gujarat. Friends remember how, as the Gujarat BJP general secretary, he would hold late-night meetings with party workers at Khanpur. When the meeting was done, he would pull out a small rug from under a sofa and go off to sleep within seconds. No matter how stressed his day had been, he would fall asleep within moments of hitting the pillow.One day, when he returned to the headquarters late from a meeting, office boys had locked the main entrance and gone off to sleep on the t o p fl o o r s. Jo s h i knocked the door for a few minutes, but when there was no response, he slept in his car. For the record , both Joshi and the BJP share t h e s a m e birth date - April 6 - the difference being Jo s h i was born in 1962 and BJP in 1980.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13980447", "title": "Security audit of terror suspects soon", "text": "PUNE: The state anti-terrorism squad (ATS) has issued instructions to the state prisons' department to conduct a security audit of suspects involved in terrorism cases.The instructions came a day after the murder of alleged Indian Mujahideen operative Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui was strangled to death by two other prisoners in a high-security cell of Pune's Yerawada central jail. He is accused of executing terror attacks in Bangalore and Delhi and attempting to blow Pune's Dagdusheth Ganapati temple.Maharashtra ATS chief Rakesh Maria on Saturday confirmed that instructions were issued to the prisons department to conduct a security audit of terror suspects lodged in various jails in the state after Siddiqui was murdered.Maria told TOI that he had also advised a review of the security arrangements of prisoners involved in other cases. The state government has also issued them. \"Instructions are clear that no harm should be caused to people involved in terrorism cases like the bomb blast,\" Maria said.When asked about the motive behind Siddiqui's murder, Maria said that the ATS was not investigating the case. \"Siddiqui was an accused in one of the cases investigated by the ATS. I am awaiting a detailed report about the incident from the Pune police,\" he added.Siddiqui's killing has exposed chinks in the security at the high-security anda cell in Yerawada Central Jail. Siddiqui was found dead in his 10 ft x 10 ft cubicle in this cell. Gangster Sharad Mohol and his aide Alok Bhalerao, who were also lodged in the anda cell, had strangled Siddiqui with a drawstring from a pair of shorts on Friday around 9.45 am.Siddiqui was believed to be a close associate of Yasin Bhatkal, the main suspect in a string of terror attacks, including the German bakery blast. Bhatkal is yet to be arrested.Siddiqui was in the custody of the ATS since May 3 after being handed over by the Delhi police who arrested him on November 22, 2011. On May 28, he was sent to Yerawada jail after a Pune court remanded him in judicial custody till June 8. At the time of handing over Siddiqui to the jail, the ATS had given a letter saying Siddiqui was a high-risk prisoner and should be to be isolated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13980830", "title": "Safety drive for healthcare workers in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: The 'Jyot se jyot \u2014 safety first' campaign by the Indian Academy of Microbiologists (IAMM) and Haffkine Institute in collaboration with B D India to increase awareness about the safety of healthcare workers was held in the city on Saturday.In the run-up to International Nurses Day on May 12, the IAMM and Haffkine in conjunction with BD India had taken up an initiative to spread the message of healthcare safety among healthcare workers. The seminar that began from Pune on May 11 will be conducted in various cities across the state in 51 days, concluding on July 1.Healthcare workers will receive better training in order to help them practice their profession safely. Dr Jyoti Gokhale, infection control consultant, Hinduja Healthcare, Mumbai, was present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13984399", "title": "Census reveals increase in carnivores in Morni", "text": "PANCHKULA: Preliminary reports of the recently concluded wildlife census in Haryana has revealed an increase in the number of carnivores -- especially leopard, jungle cat, small Indian civet, Jackal, India fox, etc. -- in Morni area of Panchkula district.The report comes at a time when Panchkula is witnessing incidents of wild animals straying into residential areas. Confirming this, district wildlife officer, Panchkula, R K Sharma, said they had prepared the data as per the guidelines of Wildlife Institute of India (WII) and have sent the same for inclusion in the final report to WWI, Dehradun.Haryana wildlife department recently concluded the wildlife census after getting its men trained by WII experts on technical aspects. Morni forest area also have significant population of animals like barking deers Sambar, chital and antelopes like Neelgais and blackbucks, wild boar, etc.Explaining the method adopted for census of carnivores, chief wildlife warden, Haryana, R K Sapra, told TOI that separate search points, each covering 3-5 km distance, were surveyed. A total minimum distance of 9-15 km/beat was covered for searching signs about presence of carnivores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13978101", "title": "VS Achuthanandan to benefit from govt move to amend land Act", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Guess who will benefit most from the Congress-led UDF government's move to amend various rules governing the Land Assignment Act? Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan!Though the move is aimed at insulating the interest of settlers, its immediate effect will be on the ongoing vigilance probe into VS's decision to transfer government land to T K Soman, his kin. The proposed amendment will make the transaction legal and nullify the case.The idea is to amend the Kerala Land Assignment Act, 1960, Kerala Land Assignment Rules, 1964 and Kerala Land Assignment (Regularisation of Occupations of Forest Lands prior to 1-1-1977) Special Rules 1993, to do away with the 25-year ban on selling the land assigned. The proposal was adopted at a meeting held last month to discuss issues of assignees in Idukki. The revenue department mooted the move maintaining that \"it would be in the 'interest of the farmers' in Idukki\".According to minutes of the meeting accessed by TOI, it has been noted that the law minister was of the view that the relevant section of the Kerala Land Assignment Rules 1964, which says that the land assigned by the government should not be sold for 25 years from the day of assignment, should be removed.If adopted, the amendment will end up legalizing many land transactions that are in question, including VS's gesture to his kin T K Soman. The vigilance case against VS is that he had conspired to relax the restriction for sale of the land allotted to Soman.But, at present there is no provision in the Kerala Government Land Assignment Act, 1960 to make rules with retrospective effect. As a first step, the government is planning to amend Section 7 of the Kerala Government Land Assignment Act, 1960.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "13991535", "title": "Australian college accused of racism over 'colonial-themed' party", "text": "MELBOURNE: An elite Australian college has sparked a race controversy after it organised a \"colonial- themed\" party where Indians wearing traditional garments served guests present at the event.The St Paul's college, affiliated with the University of Sydney, had organised its yearly \"upscale\" dinner with an 'end of the British raj' theme, asking guests to come dressed in \"white tie of colonial uniform\" and served them Indian food.College students, who arrived at St Paul's great hall dressed in immaculate black dinner suits with matching white handkerchiefs, were met by a team of Indian and south Asian waiters, dressed in colourful traditional cultural garments, who served them Indian delicacies and curries, the Sydney Morning Herald reported today.But within days of the event, ideological war broke out at the university over whether the college was basking in the glory of colonialism and slavery. Before long, vicious vitriol began ricocheting across Facebook, the report said.\"I am Indian and I used to go to college. My relatives suffered in colonial India. This theme offended me and brought me to the brink of tears,\" one female student wrote.\"Please, can you all come to our next party? It's Mexican themed, and we'll be celebrating all the abductions and beheadings you can poke a stick at,\" a student responded.\"I have this turban and - what luck! - it's just your size,\" another provoked.\"That's it, ban ALL the upscale parties!!\" another wrote. Had it not been a letter to the student newspaper, Honi Soit, from an outraged arts student, Mason McCann, the white tie event may have gone unnoticed.\"I do not think the party was a celebration of Indian culture, it was a celebration of imperialism,\" McCann told The Sun-Herald.\"The party demonstrates a serious deep disconnect between the culture of St Paul's and the culture of the University of Sydney. I am deeply offended by it.\"They have a responsibility as a prestigious and old institution to project a positive public image to both the other students and the public, and I think that party succeeded in doing just the opposite of that.\"In response to McCann's letter which was published in full, Hugo Rourke from St Paul's, who as senior student speaks on behalf of his peers, wrote to Honi Soit to justify the party. \"It was a successful event, held in good taste and enjoyed by attendees and employees alike,\" he wrote, seemingly shocked that the event would cause such uproar.The catering company for the event, Sodexo , was similarly taken aback by the suggestion their workers had been forced to don cultural garb.Its state manager, Ram Devagiri, said his staff, who all have a south Asian backgrounds and work at the college full-time serving three meals a day, were having an \"absolute ball\" at the party and had become \"annoyed\" at the insinuation there were racial undertones at play.Meanwhile, the Student Representative Council passed a motion condemning the themed party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13982536", "title": "6 including lawyer held for land fraud in Rajendra Park", "text": "Gurgaon: Six persons, including an advocate have been accused of committing land fraud in Swaroop Garden, Rajendra Park. An FIR has been lodged against them on the charge of selling two plots fraudulently through fake documents.,According to the police, one Tejendra Pal Singh Malik, resident of Delhi, complained with the Rajendra Park police station alleging that six persons have grabbed two plots of his in Swaroop Garden and sold them to Venkatraman, who is a native of Karnataka and Girija Parsad, who is a native of Nainital. The accused produced documents to validate himself, but Malik said that they are fake papers. ,Police said that on the complaint of the victim, an FIR was lodged against Chaman Lal, Rajbeer, Gangaram, who are residents of Gurgaon and their advocate S P Arora as well as two other customers. \"We have asked victims of both the parties and asked them to provide their papers of the plots. We investigated the matter,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13977941", "title": "Saina Nehwal waltzes into Thailand Open final", "text": "HYDERABAD: Top seed Saina Nehwal waltzed into the finals of the Thailand Open Grand Prix Gold with a 24-22, 21-11 victory over Porntip Buranapraserstuk of Thailand in Bangkok on Saturday.The triumph drew the Indian closer to her second title as she is pitted against Thailand's Ratchanok Inthanon in the final on Sunday. The fast rising world junior champion, however, is a tough nut to crack. There is not much to separate them as they had met twice last year with each winning once.\"It will not be easy tomorrow. I know she is a very talented player. Of late she is in good form beating several top players. But I am confident of doing well. I hope I will be in good shape for the final. Now it has become a fight between me and Thailand. I beat one today and will face another tomorrow,\" Saina told TOI.The Indian was slow off the blocks against Porntip on Saturday as Porntip moved to 9-2. The Thai girl was busy pushing hard at the net and earned points by landing powerful smashes with precision. Caught unawares against a player whom she enjoys a 4-0 career record, Saina took some time to read the situation. Once she got her range, Saina troubled the local girl. She first reduced the margin with a five-point burst and involved her rival in long rallies. The ploy to wear down her rival succeeded to a certain extent. However, Porntip tried hard to stay close even after the Indian caught her at 16-16. Towards the end Saina saved three game points before prevailing in the end.After a tough first game, Porntip ran out of gas in the second. After Saina widened the margin at 9-3 the Thai gave up. Saina, however, lavished praise on her opponent. \"She played really well. I met her on a few occasions but I never worked so hard. She was very good today, especially the way she pushed hard at the net. I think she was too tired in the second game. Maybe because she had a tough match on Friday,\" Saina said.Coach Pullela Gopichand said that Saina played very well in the first game. \"After conceding a big lead at the start Saina played very well to comeback into the match. Tomorrow's match will be tough but I am confident Saina will win the title,\" Gopi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13984782", "title": "Protest in Chennai muted by poor turnout", "text": "Chennai: They were small in numbersbutthe motley group of protesters , who heeded hacktivist group Anonymous India's call to hit the streets to protest against internet censorship in the country , tried to reach out to Chennaites with a demonstration at the Besant Nagar beach on Saturday.The group displayed posters that asked the 'government to stay away from internet' , and urged people to speak up if they are 'anti-censorship . They also distributed pamphlets to evening walkers andcouples . \"I didn't realise that many websitesother than torrentsites have been blocked,\" said S Sridhar , who was at the beach . The pamphlet , brought out by Free Software Foundation , talked about the role played by the internet in providing news , and how provisions in the Information Technology Act and the Copyright Act were being misusedtocensor information flow.\"I believe people shouldn't upload copyrighted material . But authorities could remove content that is illegal instead of blocking websites,\" said Sridhar ,whoworksfor a privatefirm in Velachery .The group soon ran into trouble with police as they were notcarrying a permission letter . As the ground realities of organising protests caught up , they dispersed , but not before chanting slogans and waving posters reminding people that \"This is 2012 and not 1984 ', the dystopian world ruled by dictatorship in GeorgeO rwell's novel '1984 '.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "13992526", "title": "Rave party busted off Bangalore; 14 held, released", "text": "KARWAR: Ankola police on Saturday night arrested 14 persons who were the part of an alleged rave party at Honey beach resort, located at Honnebail village of the taluk.Uttara Kannada police said that Ankola police raided the resort at 11.30 pm and found four semi-nude women dancing to the tunes of the English music. Eight others who were present there had been throwing currency notes at the dancing women. Other two persons, who had organized the party were also arrested.Police said Raja Kumar Shetty, Sandeep Shetty, Sachin Shetty, Areef Inayatullah, Yashwant Pujari, Harish Shetty and Madhu Venkappa Shetty, all residents of Mangalore were busy partying when police raided the resort. Police have withheld the name of the women who were also arrested. Police also arrested Venkataraman Nayak and Harish Nayak organizers of the party. Police seized Rs 1.23 lakh, 10 mobile phones and the sound systems from the place of offence. All arrested persons were released on the bail.This incident has again highlighted that Karwar may be emerging as the hub for the distribution of the drugs to the Goa, Gokarna and Honnebail beaches where the rave parties are being allegedly organized on a regular basis. Sources said narcotic substances are being brought to Karwar from Himachal Pradesh, Uttra Pradesh and Bihar. It may be recalled that a few months back, police had arrested a woman from Himachal Pradesh at Karwar railway station in possession of ganja worth Rs 90 lakhs. Her companion hailing from HP escaped.Police sources said that investigation is on to find out whether the drugs were being distributed in the party, reacting to an allegation by locals that narcotics were in use at the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13980676", "title": "Maharashtra may give financial aid to orphan infants", "text": "NASHIK: In what may be a trendsetter in the state, infants who lose their mothers during delivery in government hospitals are likely to get financial support from the state. The Nashik district health office has proposed a scheme in which an amount will be kept in a fixed deposit account of the child till he or she crosses 18 years of age.The proposal, made by zilla parishad health committee chairperson Jyoti Mali, will help children who lose their mother in the labour rooms of government hospitals. The attempt is also to increase institutionalized births.\"Named after Sant Nivruttinath, the scheme promises to keep Rs 5,000 in fixed account (to be divided among the number of children given birth) if the mother dies and the entire amount will be given at the time of marriage of the girl or education of the boy and girl,\" additional district health officer Yogesh Sale said.But the financial assistance will be provided only after it is vetted by a committee that will review the cause of death of the mother and incidents that went into her admission to the government hospital. Besides, the scheme is not related to any specific region, caste, religion or even the number of times the mother has already delivered.The maternal mortality rate (MMR) of the district for 2010 stood at 76 when nearly 66,000 children were born. The rate improved in 2011 where death of 65 mothers was reported when 65,000 babies were born. Similarly the infant mortality rate (IMR) for 2010 was 25.27 and for 2011, it was 24.07 per thousand live births.\"Reporting of every birth and death is close to 100% and today we are getting a clearer picture of the health status of the mother and the child,\" Dr Sale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13985295", "title": "It's raining colours in Bangalore's football-crazy 'Little Brazil'", "text": "Beefeater London dry gin, fresh water melon, fresh orange, 7Up Tees \u2014 colourful fadeouts, with life-size mugs of the superstars of soccer \u2014 are going for as little as 100 bucks. That's if they're not already sold out. But for those looking for originals rather than oversized, then the cheque would point upwards of Rs 2500. Like the range, there's something for everyone . While some kits decorates the city's dusty footpaths, expensive all-weather gear line shelves of boutique outlets. From the slums of Gowthamapura \u2014 where 10 and 12-year-olds wearing tees that celebrate Cristiano Ronaldo \u2014 dribble and dodge under the afternoon sun, to flashy lounge bars, where cocktails go by country colours, Bangalore is living up football's summer spectacle Euro 2012.The tournament, which is the championship of European football , features 16 teams, drawn into four groups and is jointly hosted by Poland and Ukraine. Played across eight cities \u2014 Warsaw, Gdansk, Wroclaw, Poznan, Kiev, Lviv, Donetsk and Kharkiv \u2014 with 31 matches to be played over 24 days and the final slated to be held on July 1, the timings of the matches (9.30 pm and 12.15 IST) work well for Indian television audiences . The early matches are perfectly timed for get togthers at clubs, pubs and bars or a party night at a friend's.Located at the heart of India's IT capital is a football-crazy slum called 'Little Brazil'. Every child in the layout wears a football jersey and dreams of playing the beautiful game. Having produced scores of state, club, national and international level players, the only religion Gowthamapura knows is football. Fittingly, at the entrance of the slum is a statue of Pele , the all pervading deity.Karthikeyan J, 26, a midfielder for HAL, is from Bangalore's football heartland, where fans have already tuned in to the Euro with Portugal the more popular team by far, courtesy the enigmatic Ronaldo. Unlike during the World Cup when residents watch games on a giant screen erected at the Gowthamapura football ground, friends and family are crowding around small-screen televisions in two-room shanties. \"I'm watching the matches with my friends and brother Satish Kumar , who plays for Mohun Bagan. We are a group of 10-12 of us. My favourite team in England, I am a huge fan of Steven Gerrard. I am going to be drowned out I know.\"Within a 3-km radius of Little Brazil, located on Wood Street is Monkey Bar, India's first gastropub which has kicked-off Euro mania in typical fashion. Matches are screened on 6x8 ft screens each night till closing hours. A variety of cocktails that celebrate the tournament \u2014 Spanish Sangria (a combination of red wine, vodka, orange and cranberry juice) and Victoria's Secret (Beefeater London dry gin, fresh water melon and orange juice and 7up) \u2014 make up the drinks menu of one of the city's popular nightspots.Manchester United Restaurant and Bar in Koramangala has themed the decor of the restaurant to reflect the Euro craze. Flags of the participating nations line the walls and it is not uncommon to see fans arrive with flags when cheering for their team. \"The Euro is like a mini World Cup. There is a wider audience in Bangalore for the Euro than the Premier League. We get a lot more women , for instance.\"Today's 20-somethings showoff a greater variety of sporting interests than their counterparts of the 80s, thanks to the advent of cable TV in India. Anand Leonard, 27, who works in a travel firm, and is a huge Germany fan, said: \"I remember the time when I got hooked to football. It was the 1990 World Cup which Germany won. Earlier it was just cricket, everyone only watched cricket. Now there are options. You see a lot of people watching football these days.\" Anand has a collection of a German jerseys, including the 2012 Euro colours which he'll sport each time his favourite player Bastian Schweinsteiger takes the field.Bernard D'Souza , an IT professional , is backing Spain. \"In Xavi Hernandez and Andres Iniesta they have the best midfield ever,\" he said, adding that he had get-togethers planned with friends through the course of the tournament . \"I was previously a huge Brazil fan. I switched loyalties when the patrons of the beautiful game started playing it differently . Barca under Pep Guardiola played free flowing football which is always a joy to watch. So much so that Spain are the holders of the World Cup and the Euro. I hope they are going to win again.\"While the city's popular watering holes are going to be full up at match times, there are many, including the avid fan, who is going to stay put and watch the action at home with family, mom and dad or with wife and daughter. The football window (who the urban dictionary describes as, a woman who must cope with the temporary death of her relationship during football games) is passe . B V Pradeep, who is stopper back for the police team, said everyone watches football these days, men, women, children. It's a family thing. He added, \"I am going to watch the matches at home. Our league is on now and we have practice in the morning and I don't want to be sleeping late. I love the general atmosphere in the city when its football season, people are wearing team jerseys and walking around the place. It's a common language you know, everybody talks football.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13982243", "title": "Chinchinim woman conned of jewellery", "text": "MARGAO: A 69-year-old woman from Chinchinim was conned into handing over her gold jewellery to three unknown persons on Saturday.Police said that Laurenca Fernandes was walking towards the new market area, Margao, when she was accosted by three strangers who warned her against proceeding any further since she was wearing costly jewellery. They suggested that she hand over her ornaments to them so that they could help her pack it safely into her bag. The woman did as suggested and the three strangers wrapped the ornaments in a packet they were carrying and placed it in her bag. After a while, when the woman went into a restaurant to have a cup of tea, she sensed something amiss and checked the packet inside her bag only to find her gold ornaments missing. The woman claimed that her gold chain weighing 35 g and worth over 80,000 was stolen. Margao town police have booked an offence against unknown accused under Sections 420 (cheating) and Section 379 (theft).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13978610", "title": "Move to quit as opposition leader puts Siddaramaiah in a spot", "text": "MYSORE: Firebrand leader and champion of backward classes in Karnataka, Siddaramaiah, seems to have been caught in a piquant situation with his hasty decision to resign from the post of opposition leader.Now, according to his own admission, Congress high command has not accepted his resignation, which indicates that his obstinacy on issues has turned problematic for him. He can neither reject the dictum of party high command nor allow his image to be dented in public life of being straightforward and not retreating on decisions taken by him. Publicly, Congress leaders dub the issue of his resignation as \"party's internal matter and trivial issue\". But privately, they have mixed reactions to the decision taken by Siddaramaiah.While a couple of old Congress leaders described the decision as \"unwarranted and untimely\", a section of others says that this has lowered the image of the party in public at a time when elections to the state assembly are round the corner.\"The issue has given an opportunity for BJP leaders to criticize Congress and highlight before the public of it being a divided house,\" a Congress leader from north Karnataka said, adding that the high command will not tolerate such decisions.Mysore M P Vishwanath defended Siddaramaiah's right to air his opinion. But in the same breath, he said such decisions will not affect Congress which remained unaffected even when stalwarts like D Devaraj Urs rebelled and left the party, indicating that Siddaramaiah's decision will have no impact on the party. Old Congressmen see this as an effort by Siddaramaiah to assert himself in Congress which has still remained an alien party for him for various reasons.However, leaders supporting Siddaramaiah in Congress feel that it was a do-or-die situation for him. The move to quit opposition leader's post had become inevitable for him. \"We will wait and watch. If the party wants to win elections in state, it should listen to Siddaramaiah,\" Malikayya Guttedar, a legislator from Gulbarga who had jumped into Siddaramaiah's bandwagon, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13996259", "title": "Five-day film fest \u2018Cinema Out of the Box\u2019 to begin", "text": "Entertainment Society of Goa is organizing a film festival Cinema Out of the Box in collaboration with Directorate of Film Festivals and National Film Archive of India, from June 14 to 18 at Maquinez Palace.A unique Film Festival encapsulating a package of 12 classic and contemporary films which have broken away from the conventional plot in terms of direction, technicality, story etc will bring thought provoking discussions with directors.The event will showcase a bouquet of films that have broken the boundaries of convention and have given the world cinema with an edge. Films like Kaksparsh directed by Mahesh Manjrekar , Inshallah Football and Inshall Kashmir directed by Ashvin Kumar, Koshish (1972) directed by Gulzar, Jagte Raho (1956) directed by Amit Mitra and Sombhu Mitra, Struggler (2006) directed by Mahesh Manjrekar, Charulata: The Lonely Wife (1964) directed by Satyajit Ray , Uski Roti (1969) directed by Mani Kaul and Neecha Nagar directed by Basu Chatterjee will be some of the classic films which will be screened during the span of five days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "13984225", "title": "Poll eve: \u2018Atta, kapda aur sharaab\u2019 in full play", "text": "JALANDHAR: A day before polling for municipal corporation, candidates made last ditch efforts to woo voters, offering atta, kapda aur sharaab (wheat flour, ladies suits and liquor).Some persons have also been apprehended by police for distribution of freebies.Inquiries revealed that distribution of freebies was rampant in wards where majority of population was from economically weaker sections and no party or candidate wanted to fall behind in this.In Rama Mandi area, ward no. 13, police held two persons - one for distributing flour bags and the other, a voter, for receiving the freebie. According to police sources, Vineet Kumar was distributing flour bags on his scooter. When he was giving it to one Sunny, a voter, police caught both of them.In Basti Bawa Khel area, police apprehended Amit Kumar and Yashpal while they were carrying \"Chunavi Sharaab\" in their Zen car for distribution. In ward no. 55, it was again distribution of wheat flour bags which came under police lens. Apart from flour bags, some chits (parchis) were also recovered.However, at some places, reports about distribution of ladies' suits were also received. In Kishanpura chowk area, voters were given parchis and were told to go to a particular shop and pick the suit of their choice. Sources revealed that distribution of these materials were quite rampant in ward nos. 1, 6, 8, 10, 12, 29, 37, 43 and 54.It is learned that in areas around Lamma Pind Chowk, envelopes carrying currency notes were also distributed.Confirming the distribution of freebies, Jalandhar ACP Naresh Dogra said that police have made some seizures. Meanwhile, Congress leaders staged a dharna after they spotted flour bags at a bakery in ward no. 56. Bags were also lying in the offices of two property dealers. Congress MP Mohinder Singh Kaypee was the first to reach there after he got information that wheat bags were being distributed by SAD supporters. MLA Ashwani Sekhri and former MLA Jagbir Brar also reached there, along with other supporters, who staged a dharna demanding registration of a case against SAD candidate and her supporters.Kaypee said that the same officers, who were acting \"tough\" during assembly polls, were now doing nothing though there were rampant violations of poll code by the ruling alliance. \"We have the same DC who is now doing little to check the rampant use of corrupt means in this election and are apparently turning a blind eye to these violations,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "13992011", "title": "Three CRPF personnel injured in encounter with Maoists", "text": "GAYA: Three CRPF personnel were injured today in an encounter with a group of armed Maoists near Balther hill in Bihar's Gaya district, police said.Acting on a tip-off that Maoists had gathered at the hill to discuss the strategy for \"Bihar Bandh\" tomorrow, a CRPF's CoBRA battalion raided the place, the police said.The Maoist fired at the advancing battalion, who retaliated and in the ensuing encounter three Cobra jawans sustained injuries, they said.The injured jawans were brought to Gaya for treatment, the police said.Meanwhile, CRPF DIG Umesh kumar confirmed that an encounter took place between CRPF Cobra battalion and ultras, but said that he has no no information about the casualty or of injury to any jawan.Gaya SSP, Vinay Kumar , has rushed to the spot with additional re-enforcements, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13979598", "title": "Sector V, Rajarhat turn into criminals\u2019 den after dark", "text": "KOLKATA: Salt Lake Sector V and Rajarhat have remained the Achilles' heel of the government for years as far as road safety is concerned. With a Nasscom survey revealing that 95% of IT employees prefer shuttle cars, Thursday's rape incident certainly has come as an eye-opener for those who hop on to a car in the dead of night just to reach home early.According to IT professionals, the situation has certainly improved over the years, but there is lot more to achieve. \"The area is not safe at all for women after dark. Some time back, one of my colleagues was returning home after 10pm when some miscreants suddenly started to stalk her. She had to run back home,\" said a call centre employee.It is learnt that Rajarhat expressway is particularly very unsafe after dark. \"There is a long stretch beyond the Action Area I where no policemen can be spotted. It makes the passers-by vulnerable,\" a local said.Disgusted with the (dis)arrangements of the government, many IT companies have started to rely on their internal security arrangements to provide security to their female employees. \"We provide security to each of our female employees. Every female employee is escorted by a male colleague on the first drop or last pick up in night, even if that means the male employee has to travel a few miles extra,\" said Acclaris MD Subrata Mukherjee.IT companies feel that security on the road is extremely important. Apart from additional security, more police patrolling is required and street lightings should be more adequate. \"Some police vehicles are seen patrolling now-a-days. This is a welcome change, but there are no police booths,\" an IT professional said. The Nabadiganta Industrial Township Authority had also earlier held meetings with the Bidhannagar police to discuss on security matters and how security could be beefed up in Sector V. The Bidhannagar police have also hired green police in both Sector V and Rajarhat to assist the police in law and order and traffic matters.\"We had already asked the companies to prepare and keep a list of the cars and vehicles that they are using. We have suggested to install GPS system in the company-hired vehicles,\" said Bidhannagar police DC (HQ) Subrata Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13982588", "title": "All Goa Unaided Schools Parents Association gussa: Why no grants for all schools?", "text": "PANAJI: With chief minister, Manohar Parrikar announcing his decision to continue grants to 127 government aided primary schools which shifted to English medium last year, students in unaided English schools will continue doling out 'exorbitant' fees. All Goa Unaided Schools Parents Association (AGUSPA) has said that the state should have given parents the freedom to choose the medium of instruction (MOI) by extending grants to all schools.\"The AGUSPA welcomes the chief minister's decision to continue grants to schools which switched to English medium during the last academic year. Though Parrikar had contrary view on this issue, he decided to respect the choice of parents upholding democracy,\" AGUSPA secretary Orlando Pacheco said.Pacheco, however, sought to point out that the MOI issue is a fallout of the displeasure of parents over the functioning of the private unaided schools. He said that the MOI issue first came to the fore when AGUSPA began raising its voice against the exploitation of parents at the hands of management of these English medium private unaided schools in Goa, which have sprung up in different parts of the state since 1991.\"It must be noted that the movement to demand grants to English medium schools was first started by members of AGUSPA way back in 2009. The parents were aggrieved by the steep hike in fees by unaided English medium schools. However, the then government did not pay heed to our request, which resulted in filing of a suit in the high court by parents to prevent these English medium unaided schools from exploiting the parents,\" Pacheco said.Franky Monteiro, executive member of AGUSPA, expressed happiness that the efforts put in by certain members of AGUSPA since 2009 to give parents the choice to choose the MOI of their children have finally paid off with the Parrikar government's decision to continue giving grants to 127 schools which switched to English. Monteiro, however, said, \"I am of the opinion that the government should have agreed to give grants to all schools irrespective of the MOI as it is the decision of the parents to teach their child in the language they desire.\"AGUSPA, is a body of parents of students in unaided schools in Goa, which is battling in the court to get the 'exorbitant' fees charged by unaided English medium schools in the state regulated. The parents' 2009 writ petition in the high court, among other things, has prayed that the directorate of education should check the financial records of such schools to verify if the annual fee hikes are necessary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13984717", "title": "Bosch to relocate plant to Bidadi in four years", "text": "BANGALORE: The city's south central business district of Koramangala will see the shifting of an iconic landmark, Bosch Ltd's manufacturing plant. The German technology and services giant set it up in Adugodi in 1953.Manufacturing facilities, with related support functions, will shift to Bidadi, 30km from Bangalore that also hosts Toyota's car manufacturing facility . The complete shift will happen over the four-year period from 2012 to 2016. Bosch has acquired 97 acres and is constructing a new facility at a cost of Rs 600 crore.The Adugodi facility will continue to house Bosch's headquarters in India. \"The space available on account of factory relocation will be used for expansion of Bosch R&D; Centre and Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions India to create a state-ofthe-art technology and engineering centre,\" Bosch said.Bosch Ltd is the flagship company of the Bosch Group in India. It earned revenues of Rs 8,018 crore in 2011. The company manufactures and trades products as diverse as diesel and gasoline fuel injection systems , automotive aftermarket products, auto electricals, special purpose machines, packaging machines, electric power tools and security systems.\"Since inception, the Bangalore plant at Adugodi has grown to its full capacity and can not accommodate further expansion. Shifting to a new location with ample expansion potential for future is the call of the hour to cater to the rapidly growing business needs,\" said the company.The shifting operations will happen in two phases. Phase I will involve plant construction from 2012 to 2013 and production will begin by the first quarter of 2014 with the transfer of 1,000 employees. The new facility will manufacture common rail pumps, common rails and glow plugs.The construction of Phase II will take place from 2015 to 2016, and production will kick off in the first quarter of 2017 with 3,000 employees relocating there. Once that is complete, Bosch will start production of inline pumps, elements, delivery valves, conventional and PF pumps there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-10"}
