{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12553187", "title": "Father kills daughter over friendship with boys", "text": "KANPUR: In a suspected case of honour killing in Shivrajpur, an 18-year-old girl was hacked to death allegedly by her father, who did not approve of her relationship with youth in the village.The body of Akanksha alias Neetu with deep wounds was recovered from Balram Pal's house in Gadariyanpurwa Viramau. The villagers alerted the Shivrajpur police over the killing.An FIR has been registered by the girl's mother Kusuma in which her father has been made accused. The body was sent for post-mortem examination. Accused Balram Pal has been taken into custody for further questioning in this connection.Akansha was caught and scolded by her father from the house of a youth on Wednesday night. According to villagers, she had been reprimanded over the issue earlier also.Despite, repeated warning from her father, the girl continued to be friendly with the boys.On Wednesday morning, the girl again had an argument with her father over the issue. She was attacked by him.\"On Wednesday night, the girl had gone to meet one of her friends , which infuriated the accused and he attacked her with a sharp-edged weapon in a fit of rage leading to her instant death,\" DIG Amitabh Yash said.A case of murder has been registered against him, he said.The girl was a high school student.The Shivrajpur police stated that prima facie it appeared that she was killed in a fit of rage by her father.\"The girl's father had been arrested. We are in the process of recording the statement of other family members and villagers, including the village head, which will throw further light in the murder,\" SHO Shivrajpur said.\"We have come across many people in the village who told us that her father's pride was hurt when she refused to listen to him,\" said an investigating officer.The accused had used a sharp-edged iron rod to murder his daughter. There were serious injury marks all over her body.The police have seized the rod with blood stains. The police ruled out the incident as that of an 'honour killing'. \"We are probing each and every aspect of the brutal killing,\" a senior police official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "12555442", "title": "Samsung quarterly profit up $5.1bn", "text": "SEOUL: Samsung Electronics Co, Asia's largest consumer-electronics maker, posted first-quarter profit that beat analyst estimates as gains from selling phones and TVs helped mask a slump in earnings at the chip business.Operating profit rose to a quarterly record 5.8 trillion won ($5.1 billion) in the three months ended March 31 from 2.95 trillion won a year earlier, the Suwon, South Korea-based company said in a statement today. That surpassed the 5 trillion won average of 32 analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg.Profit at the mobile-phone business probably more than doubled in the quarter from a year earlier after Samsung introduced the Galaxy Note and new smartphones to compete with Apple Inc, a key customer that it's also fighting in a patent battle on four continents. Samsung is also bringing out 3D and internet-enabled TVs to counter falling chip prices that are eroding earnings at the semiconductor unit.\"Sales of new models of smartphones, such as the Note, were better than expected,\" James Song, a Seoul-based analyst at Daewoo Securities Co., said by phone today. \"They have a good line-up of new products, so they will be able to keep the momentum alive for two or three quarters, at least.\"Samsung rose 0.1 per cent to 1,331,000 won on the Korea Exchange as of 9:09 a.m. while the benchmark Kospi index was little changed. The shares have gained 26 per cent this year.Galaxy phonesOperating profit may be 200 billion won higher or lower than today's estimate when audited results are announced later this month, Samsung said. The company didn't provide net income figures or a breakdown of divisional earnings.First-quarter sales jumped 22 per cent to 45 trillion won.Operating profit at the telecommunications unit more than doubled to 3.5 trillion won, according to the median estimate of six analysts surveyed by Bloomberg News. Sales are estimated to have gained 75 per cent to 18.6 trillion won.Samsung probably sold 44 million smartphones in the first quarter, more than tripling from a year earlier, Matt Evans, a Seoul-based analyst at CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets, said in an April 2 report. That would exceed Apple's shipments \"by a significant margin,\" making Samsung the top smartphone seller during the three-month period, according to the report.The maker of Galaxy devices aims to double sales of smartphones and tablet computers this year, helped by new products, the company said in a statement in February. Including basic phones, Samsung expects to sell about 380 million handsets this year, after shipping a record 300 million units last year.Samsung versus AppleGlobal sales of the Galaxy S II reached 20 million in about 10 months since it went on sale, about seven months faster than shipments of its predecessor, Samsung said in February. The Galaxy phones and tablets compete with Apple's iPhone and iPad.The company sold more than 5 million units of the Galaxy Note, equipped with a 5.3-inch screen and a stylus, since sales began in October. Samsung expects to sell 10 million units of the model by the end of this year and plans to introduce more pen-equipped products with different screen sizes.Samsung and Apple have been suing each other in the past year regarding patent-infringement claims related to mobile technology and design. Apple is Samsung's biggest customer, buying chips and displays from the Korean company.Chip pricesProfit at the semiconductor division probably fell 28 per cent to 1.2 trillion won on sales of 8.65 trillion won, according to the Bloomberg News survey.The price of the benchmark DDR3 2-gigabit DRAM (DRAM84) closed at $1 on April 2, compared with $2.10 a year earlier, according to data from Taipei-based Dramexchange Technology Inc, operator of Asia's largest spot market for semiconductors. Falling chip prices pushed Elpida Memory Inc to file for bankruptcy earlier this year, while Micron Technology Inc reported a third consecutive quarterly loss in March.Memory-chip demand slowed in the first quarter as hard-disk drive output didn't recover as fast as expected after floods in Thailand , a key production site, Choi Sung Jae, a Seoul-based analyst at SK Securities Co, said in a March 30 report.Elpida's bankruptcy will probably prompt major chip buyers, including Apple, Dell Inc and Hewlett-Packard Co, to seek alternative suppliers, helping boost prices in the second quarter, Choi wrote.LCDs, TVsSamsung plans to invest $7 billion to build a factory in China, producing NAND flash, a different type of memory widely used in smartphones and tablet computers.Samsung's display division probably had an operating profit of 164.5 billion won, compared with a loss of 230 billion won a year earlier, according to the Bloomberg News survey. Sales probably rose to 8.25 trillion won from 6.51 trillion won.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12552726", "title": "3 injured as cop\u2019s carbine goes off", "text": "PUNE: Three persons sustained serious bullet injuries in their legs when the automatic carbine of a beat constable allegedly went off accidentally at a tea stall at Lohiyanagar in Bhawani Peth on Thursday evening.One of the injured, Dilip Tekale (25), is an employee of the tea stall, Ambika Bhuvan, which is located outside the central fire brigade. The other two were customers - Sandeep Adep (33) of Kharadi and Abid Abdul Salim Khan (33) of Ghorpade Peth. All three were admitted to Sassoon hospital and are said to be out of danger.Speaking to TOI, stall owner Vinayak Kalbhor said the constable, Vilas Kashid, was talking to him when the gun slipped from his hand. \"When he tried to pick it up, it started firing automatically. My worker and two customers sustained bullet injuries,\" he said.Assistant commissioner of police (city) Ranjit Dhure admitted that the constable was negligent. \"We are conducting an inquiry. The carbine was loaded with five bullets. Fortunately, the carbine was facing the ground,\" he said.Deputy commissioner of police (zone II) Raghunath Khaire said the incident took place around 5.45 pm. \"The tea stall that Kashid and another constable, Sharad Zanjare, had gone to is very small. Zanjare sat on a bench outside while Kashid went in to ask for tea. As he was talking to the stall owner, a customer who was on his way out accidentally brushed past Kashid. When the carbine slipped from Kashid's hand, he bent down to grab it but accidentally touched the trigger. The carbine was in automatic mode and three rounds were fired,\" he said.Khaire said the carbine was pointing to the ground, which is why the bullets hit Tekale, Adep and Khan in their legs.One Jamil Sayyad, who was standing outside the stall, said he had seen the two policemen going inside. \"Within seconds, I heard sounds like firecrackers bursting. Two men, who were sitting on a bench outside the stall, suddenly collapsed,\" he said.Priya Rajput, resident medical officer (RMO) of Sassoon Hospital, said Tekale has been hit in both legs. \"We will conduct a few imaging tests to find out whether the bullet particles are still lodged in his legs,\" she said. The bullet that hit Khan is lodged in the big toe of his left leg. Adep was hit in the right ankle.\"All three are stable. We will take a call about their discharge on Friday,\" doctors attending to them said.Assistant commissioner of police (city) Ranjit Dhure admitted that the constable was negligent. \"We are conducting an inquiry. The carbine was loaded with five bullets. Fortunately, the carbine was facing the ground,\" he said.Dhure said the carbine is an automatic weapon which can fire 30 bullets at a time. \"The weapon has a safety catch, which is always locked. However, we suspect that the safety catch may have got unlocked after the gun slipped from Kashid's hand. Three rounds were fired as Kashid's finger may have touched the automatic mode of the trigger,\" he said.Dhure said the carbine was manufactured in 1996. \"The weapon is serviced on a monthly basis. Besides, we also conduct an annual inspection of the weapon,\" he said.Kashid has been arrested under sections 337 and 338 (causing grievous hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) of the Indian Penal Code. He was later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12552208", "title": "Mamata Banerjee defends IPS transfers, Dinesh Trivedi's removal; cautions media", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee said on Thursday she was open to constructive criticism but warned the media against crying wolf as she defended her government's move to transfer senior police officers and her own decision of removing Dinesh Trivedi from the railway minister's chair after he increased fares against her wishes.The CM, who was speaking at the launch of a vernacular daily in Town Hall, also said she wouldn't allow political mouthpieces like 'Jago Bangla' (Trinamool Congress) or 'Ganashakti' (CPM) in state-run libraries. \"I don't decide what policy a media house is to follow when it comes to hiring people or posting them. I know media houses have to run a business and have their compulsions. At the same time, the media will also have to realize we have a government to run and have our own compulsions. We are a people's government and can't satisfy individual whims. We must do what is best for the people. The government will have to decide who is to work where and in what position,\" Mamata said.Her remarks were clearly aimed at media reports against the decision to transfer senior IPS officers, including detective boss Damayanti Sen, who had insisted the Park Street rape victim wasn't lying and arrested the accused, though the CM had dismissed the rape claim as concocted. She also said the railway minister - the only Cabinet portfolio that the Trinamool Congress holds in the UPA government - would have to abide by what the party says.\"I don't want to interfere in the decisions that Mukul Roy (who was appointed railway minister after Trivedi's removal) takes on how to run the railways or the recruitment policy. However, when he asked me about what the policy should be on a fare hike, I told him that the common man should not be burdened any further. He will have to abide by what the party says. After all, it is the party which selected him for the post of railway minister. He did not become minister by himself,\" she said.Media planting stories: MamataChief minister Mamata Banerjee asked the media to be more restrained. \"The media has used words like censorship and fatwa. What will the media do as time progresses? Don't cry wolf so soon or you will get gobbled up in the end. I can tolerate criticism, provided it is constructive. However, I will not tolerate attempts to blackmail me. Planted news is being covered by the media nowadays. This is not short of yellow journalism. I didn't allow government advertisements to be released to 'Jago Bangla'. Railway advertisements weren't released to this newspaper even when I was the minister. I shall not enlist publications like 'Jago Bangla' or 'Ganashakti', whatever people may say or do,\" she added.The media, according to her, is \"selling\" negative stories to increase readership or viewership. Some are also trying to impose their views on readers and viewers, she claimed. \"There are newspapers who feel that they are not accountable to the people. Don't forget that it is the people who decide in the end. No positive stories are highlighted. Nobody highlighted that our government decided to preserve the works of Narayan Debnath like Bantul the Great and Handa Bhonda,\" Mamata said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12551970", "title": "6 trafficked West Bengal girls rescued", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six girls trafficked from West Bengal were rescued from south Delhi on Wednesday in a joint operation involving police and NGOs. Crime branch of Delhi police along with NGOs Shakti Vahini and Butterflies conducted the rescue operations in Malviya Nagar and Chirag Dilli, police said.The child welfare committee (CWC) at Lajpat Nagar had received a tip-off from one of the traffickers that 17 girls have been trafficked from West Bengal and employed in different homes across NCR. \"An order, dated March 27, was then issued by the CWC and raids were conducted across the city on April 4,\" said a source.According to sources, Lajpat Nagar CWC swung into action after no action was taken by the women and child development ministry, National Human Rights Commission, National Commission for Protection of Child Rights, despite them being informed earlier in March.Six girls, aged between 11 and 17 years, were rescued during the raids that were conducted in three homes and a placement agency, CWC officials said. All the rescued girls had been allegedly placed by a placement agency in Chirag Dilli. The girls had been brought to the capital from their villages in West Bengal, and two had not been paid for their work, investigators said.The girls were produced before the CWC after the rescue. Police have been asked to register a case against the employers and traffickers under Sections 23 and 26 of the Juvenile Justice Act. CWC has directed that the girls be given shelter in a children's home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12556993", "title": "Jayasurya in quadruple role", "text": "Jayasurya lands himself another multiple-role outing. After having played dual role in TV Chandran's Sankaranum Mohananum (S&M;), the versatile actor will now play four roles in the director's next.\"I am playing four personalities belonging to four different generations,\" says Jayasurya, who had earlier donned 20 getups for S&amp;M.;About his experience working with ace director Chandran, the actor says, \"The role required a strain but it also a film which I completely enjoyed doing. Guess , it's my hard work paid off and that's why I'm blessed with another chance with work with him.\"The actor has Vadhyar and Pigman lining up for release soon and his latest signings include VK Prakash's Trivandrum Lodge, Fazal's Mumbai Dosth, Ratheesh Ravi's Rathri, Babu Janardhan's Kallan: Thaskaran Maniyan Pillaiyude Aatmakatha and Shafi's yet-to-be-titled flick.Judging from those films, variety is his flavor for the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12554192", "title": "Punjab bans ground water bore-wells in 18 blocks", "text": "JALANDHAR: Eighteen blocks of Punjab - the land of 5 rivers - have been notified by the Central Ground Water Board (CGWB) banning any new bores for drawing underground water.The industrial city of Ludhiana tops the list and worst affected is Sangrur district where the board has notified 8 blocks for banning new bores.Punjab has total 137 blocks and around 100 of these are already been listed as dark zones due to over exploitation of underground water.According to the list issued by the CGWB, Malerkotla, Sherpur, Sunam, Dhuri, Sangrur, Mehal Kalan Ahmedgarh and Barnala blocks have been notified.Apart from Moga 1, Moga 2 and Nihal Singh Wala blocks of Moga, Pattran block of Patiala, Khanna of Ludhiana and Phagwara block of Kapurthala district have also been included in the notified list after recent survey and studies by the CGWB.The CGWB regional director A K Bhatia said the areas which had crossed the classification of \"Critical\" and \"Over exploited\" were being notified by the board.As the board has sounded the alarm bell, experts are now batting for taking immediate and stringent measures to ensure that underground water table is recharged.Dr G S Dhillon, former director of Irrigation Research Institute and former chief engineer, said, not only dependence of canal irrigation should be increased, but it should also be ensured that water should flow in the canals of the state throughout the year except the rainy season.\"Quantum can be reduced when less water is required for irrigation, but it should remain in distributaries throughout the year, so that water can keep on recharging the underground water table,\" he said. \"The seasonal drains like Kali Bein, Chitti Bein should also be flowing with clean water to save the situation,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12552624", "title": "Baby goes home with mother after DNA test", "text": "JODHPUR: The baby girl, unclaimed since her birth on March 25 at Jodhpur-based Umaid Hospital, went home with her mother on Thursday thanks to the DNA test report that confirmed her maternity.The court of the Chief Judicial Magistrate, Jodhpur ruled that the baby be handed over to Poonam Kanwar, who had earlier refused to take the child, alleging that a boy born same time belonged to her and that she had not given birth to a girl. The DNA report was produced in the court and it was read in the presence of baby's father Chain Singh and Poonam, who, after this confirmation, agreed to accept the girl as their daughter. Magistrate in his order also directed the couple to take adequate care of the girl.Singh said, \"It was not the issue of a girl child... rather there was a confusion, which is cleared now and we are happy to have a baby girl\". The couple has a five-year-old son too.TOI Jaipur had on April 2 carried the story about the plight of the girl highlighting how two families fought to claim a boy born the same time and the girl remained unclaimed at the hospital.The Jodhpur bench of the Rajasthan HC took suo-motto cognizance of the report and asked the CJM court to look into the matter and ensure that the baby was handed over to her biological parents. The State women's Commission had also taken cognizance of the incident and sought an explanation from the Jodhpur administration.Meanwhile, Singh's counsel sought a compensation of Rs 10 lakh from the hospital administration on account of inconvenience caused by their negligence to infant and her mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12553708", "title": "Puneeth Rajkumar, Kalyani walk away with top awards", "text": "BANGALORE: Puneeth Rajkumar and Kalyani have bagged the best actor and actress awards for 2010-11. Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda announced the Karnataka state film awards here on Thursday.Veteran director Bhargava has been chosen for the Puttanna Kanagal award, and actors M H Ambareesh and S Shivaram for Dr Vishnuvardhan and Dr Rajkumar awards, respectively.Puneet has bagged the award for his role in Prithvi and Kalyani for Suicide.Super, directed by Upendra, is the best film. Bhagavathi Kaadu, directed by K K Shivarudraiah, and Shabdamani, directed by Renukumar, have been chosen as the second and third best films. The best film will get Rs 1 lakh, 50gm gold medal and a citation. The best actor and actress will get Rs 20,000, 100gm silver medal and a citation.Ramesh Bhat has been awarded the best supporting actor for his role in Uyyale, Vijayalakshmi Singh for a similar role in the female category for Veera Parampare and Gurukiran as the best music director for Mylari. Puttanna Kanagal, Dr Rajkumar and Dr Vishnuvardhan awardees get Rs 2 lakh cash prize and a gold-plated medal each. The 10-member award selection committee was headed by Bharathi Vishnuvardhan. \"The selection was unanimous,\" the committee said in a statement.Some of the committee's recommendations are: accept digital prints of the films and follow the global pattern and award costume designers, best villain and choreographers too.Tharangini has been adjudged the special social impact film in the Karnataka government awards for 2010-11 announced on Thursday.The awardees are: Nanna Gopala (best children's film); Sringeri Ramanna (best dubbing artiste - male); Shashikala (best dubbing artiste - female); Agni Sridhar (best story for Tamassu); B Suresh (best screenplay for Puttakkana Highway); Baragur Ramachandrappa (best dialogue writer for Bhoomithayi); Satya V Hegde (best choreography - Sanju Weds Geetha); Anand (best sound recordist for Sanju Weds Geetha); Johny Harsha (best editor for Sanju Weds Geetha); V Anil Kumar (best child actor for Nanna Gopala); Prakruthi (best child actress for Hejjegalu); Hosmane Murthy (best art director for Olave Mandara); H S Venkateshmurthy (lyricist for Ondooralli); Ravindra Soragavi (male singer for Puttakkana Highway); Lakshmi Manmohan (female singer for Gandhi Smiles); Film Prarthane ( special award); Kanchilda Bale (best regional film. Tulu).The 10-member selection committee headed by Bharati Vishnuvardhan comprised the following members: Ashok Kashyap, Bhoodal Krishnamurthy, B M Haneef, Y R Ashwath Narayan Rao, Pichhalli Srinivas, Hema Chaudhary, Sunil Puranik, Eshwar Daithota and K S Bevinmarad (member secretary of the selection committee. He is the director of information).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551166", "title": "CM trying to please rebel with funds?", "text": "MUMBAI: A week ago, CM Prithviraj Chavan released financial assistance of Rs 13 crore to a Nagpur-based cooperative spinning mill controlled by rebel Congress legislator Sunil Kedar, but will it pacify the agitating leader?\"The second installment of the fund has been released. It is wrong to link it with our agitation against the CM,\" Kedar said.According to Kedar, three years ago, the National Cooperative Development Corporation ( NCDC) sanctioned Rs 26 crore and it was proposed that the fund will be released in two installments. The first installment was released in 2009 and the second was scheduled to be released before March 31, 2012. Since Kedar had mobilized 15 odd legislators against the CM, it was believed that the fund may not be sanctioned. \"It is the state's discretion whether to release or withhold the fund,\" a senior official said.Kedar and his supporters feel the CM is not accessible. However, the CM's secretariat said the CM was accessible to all with a genuine proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12551719", "title": "Pay Rs 1L for rape victim\u2019s rehabilitation: Court to govt", "text": "New Delhi: In a bid to get a rape victim rehabilitated, a trial court has asked the Delhi government to pay her a compensation of Rs 1 lakh as she discontinued her education after the incident.Additional sessions judge Kamini Lau directed principal secretary (home) to disburse the compensation amount within a period of one month from the date of the order and to file a compliance report before the court.The court's directions came while sentencing a man to a 10-year jail term for raping the minor four years ago. ASJ Lau also rejected the plea of the convict to show leniency in deciding the sentence saying, \"It is necessary for the court to keep in mind that the object should be to protect the society and to deter the criminal in achieving the avowed object to law by imposing an appropriate sentence\".Earlier, during the trial, the court had asked the government to pay an interim compensation of Rs one lakh to the victim keeping in view her physical and psychological condition.The government apprised the court that the amount had already been disbursed to the victim and she was also being provided with professional psychological counselling. In its order, the court noted that the Delhi government had complied with the court's direction of providing the girl with 'restorative and compensatory justice'.\"In compliance of the directions of this court on December 16, 2011, the victim has also been linked to Gender Resource Center (Mission Convergence) for vocational training to enable her to become financially independent so that she is not a burden on anyone,\" the report stated.Stressing on the need for courts to treat rape cases with more \"sensitivity\", the court said that crimes like rape were on the rise and \"ironically society appeared to be apathetic, showing little or no concern for the honour of women\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12553023", "title": "State still struggling to contain illegal travel agencies", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government struggles to regulate the functioning of such unauthorized travel agencies across Odisha despite the hue and cry over the abduction of Italian national Bosusco Paolo, who was allegedly running a trekking agency at Puri illegally.Soon after Paolo's \"unrecognized\" agency blew the lid off the thriving illegal travel trade in Puri, the tourism department employees on March 19 fanned out across Puri and asked around 53 errant agencies to get them registered with the department. The officers even distributed application forms at their (travel agencies) doorsteps and requested the owners to submit the forms as soon as possible. But the effort came a cropper as not a single agency has so far come forward to comply with the tourism department guidelines.Sources said the department had also sent similar directive to travel agencies in other districts. But the response was equally lukewarm. \"No agency has responded till date, despite several reminders over telephone. We will send our team to them again,\" Puri tourist officer Bijay Jena said.Jena said the department is not empowered to initiate legal action against those, who defy the department guidelines. \"We can only insist not force. There is no law to prosecute the defaulters,\" Jena said. \"This is the reason why the travel agencies do not bother to get them registered,\" he added.As of now only 19 travel agencies have been recognized by the state tourism department across the state, even as the former has a mushrooming presence in several districts, official sources said.Puri that witnesses footfall of nearly 60 lakh tourists annually, has only one agency recognized by the department, official sources added. While Bhubaneswar has the maximum 15 authorized agencies, Koraput, Berhampur and Baripada are having one each.Hoteliers demanded stringent rules to tame the bogus travel agencies in state. \"There should be a mechanism to keep a tab on the functioning of the travel agencies. They must furnish monthly reports, relating to their daily activities and tourist dealing, and submit it to government,\" Surya Mohanty, a hotelier said.There were instances of tourists being harassed by fake tour operators at different places. To mint money unscrupulous travel agents floated packages, collected money from tourists and backtracked at the last moment.Paolo along with a Puri-based man had opened a small office, named 'Orissa Adventurous Trekking' on Chakratirtha Road few years ago. Though Paolo had applied for registration of the agency at Registrar of Firms, Cuttack in 2001, he however did not obtain any permission from the tourism department, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12556271", "title": "Cloud Computing Course", "text": "IIJT launches new cloud computing course - IT Infrastructure Management Specialist Course (ITIM)DELHI: According to a Microsoft commissioned study conducted by IDC, cloud computing will generate over 2 million jobs in India by 2015. To assist the IT Industry with its problems, Indian Institute of Job Training (IIJT), launched a new course on cloud computing called IT Infrastructure Management Specialist Course (ITIM).The ITIM Specialist Course is offered at all IIJT centres across the country. Extending over ten months, the course duration is 416 hours. Candidates having completed their 10+2, along with A+ and Network+ are eligible to apply to this course.An added advantage would be qualifications in the following domains: MCITP (Microsoft Certified IT Professional), RHCSA (Red Hat Certified System Administrator), RHCE (Red Hat Certified Engineer) or experience as a service engineer for one year.\"The rapid development of data being generated, advances in virtualisation and cloud computing and the convergence of data centre infrastructures are creating high demand for skilled IT professionals. Introducing cutting edge courses like ITIM Specialist Course is testimony to the fact that IIJT always creates industry relevant courses and this is IIJT's commitment towards improving employability of the youth,\" said Ashok Reddy, MD, TeamLease IIJT.Post course completion, students can apply for jobs involving data management and storage management. Highly trained faculty will deliver this cutting edge course. IIJT also trains students through its satellite facility thus providing students with the opportunity to gain access to the best faculty in the country from any IIJT centre.ITIM is a six modules course and the details of all the modules are as below: Module 1: CompTIA Server + (56 Hrs ) Module 2: Storage Essentials, SAN Fundamentals, Backup and Disaster Recovery (100 Hrs) Module 3: Introduction to Cloud Computing, Microsoft Hyper-V and Introduction to Citrix Xen Application Virtualization (80 Hrs) Module 4: Microsoft Cluster Server 2008 (36Hrs) Module 5: Introduction to Data Centre (26Hrs) Module 6: Microsoft SCOM, SCCM, SCVMM and ITIL V3 Foundation (118 Hrs)ITIM covers the management of essential operation components, such as policies, processes, equipment, data, human resources, and external contacts, for overall effectiveness.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12551801", "title": "First pedestrian-friendly road soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: The stage is set for the first pedestrian-friendly road in the city. The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has started making efforts to convert Road No. 36, Jubilee Hills as a model road with a footpath and other pedestrian facilities of international standard. While designs and detailed study of the road have been completed, civil works are likely to begin soon.A few months ago, the GHMC had decided to develop some roads with pedestrian facilities and even conducted meetings with non-government organisations and traffic police. Initially, five roads -- Road No. 10 and 12 of Banjara Hills, Road No. 36, Jubilee Hills, Himayatnagar-Liberty Road and the road opposite Salarjung Museum -- were chosen for development.On a pilot basis, the GHMC has been decided to take up Road No. 36, Jubilee Hills in view of the upcoming Conference of Parties in October. The road is a crucial link as it provides connectivity to Hi-Tec City. With traffic volume increasing manifold after it was widened to 100 feet, it was declared as a commercial road in 2005.As of now, there is a footpath on the road, but not sufficient space for pedestrians as it has been occupied by residents and business establishments. There are also encroachments like transformers of apartments and commercial complexes, bus shelters and high tension lines. There are also trees on the footpath which have become major obstacle for widening the footpath. At some places, residents have been dumping debris on the footpath.\"As per norms, a footpath should be three-metre wide and 18 inches in height. We will remove encroachments and expand wherever possible. A detailed design of road pavement, including geometric design, crust deficiency and requirement to road design standards as per the Indian Road Congress and Morth standards were done,\" GHMC engineer-in-chief R Dhan Singh told TOI.GHMC officials, including commissioner MT Krishna Babu, along with representatives of Central Power Distribution Company Limited (CPDCL), inspected the road a few days ago and discussed the issue of shifting transformers and electric lines from the pavement.The corporation had last year entrusted the job of carrying out comprehensive road development study and inventory of road conditions in the city to certain agencies. It was decided to have underground sewer lines by the side of the road and also a common duct to put an end to hanging wires. About 100 km stretch has also beeb identified for construction of permanent cable ducts along the road.Private telephone companies, cable operators and other service providers have been asked to form a special purpose vehicle (SPV) to construct ducts on these stretches. The companies were asked to give their plans for digging as road cutting would not be permitted on roads for the next five years.GHMC officials, however, said since there was no time to have a common duct, they would confine to pavement facilities with aesthetics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12552862", "title": "Nitish to lead all-party delegation to Manmohan today", "text": "PATNA: An all-party delegation led by chief minister Nitish Kumar will meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi on Friday evening to demand coal linkage to the state's Barauni thermal power station and allocation of at least 50% of the power generated at the NTPC's Barh and Kahalgaon thermal power plants to Bihar.Sources said the appointment with the PM was confirmed on Thursday. A memorandum signed by the leaders of various parties will be submitted to the PM.The delegation will comprise deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi, state energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav, RJD's Abdul Bari Siddiqui and Ghulam Ghuas, Congress' Sadanand Singh, CPI's Kedar Pandey, CPM's Basudeo Singh and LJP's Zakir Husain Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551432", "title": "Contractor arrested as labourer falls to death", "text": "MUMBAI: A labour contractor was arrested on Thursday on charges of culpable homicide not amounting to murder after a labourer fell to his death from the 19th floor of an under-construction building, Elegant Towers, in Mumbai Central on Wednesday.Mohan Nair have been released on bail. Builder Sumeer Mehra of Shankala Group is also named in the FIR but he is not traceable, cops said.On Wednesday, the deceased, Babu Shaikh (26), and another labourer, was on the 19th floor, a witness said. At 5.45pm, Shaikh fell into the lift shaft; he was decalred dead at J J Hospital.Police said the responsibility of the worker's safety rested with Nair. \"He should have provided them with safety gear,\" said V Sawade, senior inspector, adding the builder should have also ensured safety rules were followed. But caretaker at the site Navonet told TOI that all safety guidelines had been followed and Shaikh's death was due to his carelessness.Repeated attempts to contact Shankala group were futile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12551618", "title": "Christians gear up for prayers, penance and celebrations", "text": "NAGPUR: \"There cannot be an Easter Sunday without Good Friday.\" Nothing sums up the tenets of Christianity more than this quote. As heads bow to pray on Good Friday, every Christian heart sends up a silent prayer to Christ who died on the cross to redeem his followers of their sins.All rituals which precede Good Friday revolve around reliving the last moments of Jesus and are an attempt towards getting closer to the lord. The Penitential service two days before followed by confessions help devout Christians to wash the sins of the past.Maundy Thursday is the day when an environment that prevailed at the last supper is attempted to be recreated. It was at this time that Christ gave the most important commandment of love and service by washing the feet of his 12 disciples before he was crucified.At the SFS Cathedral, priests washed the feet of 12 parishioners. Vicar General Father Gerome Pinto says, \"Good Friday reminds us of the sacrifice made by Jesus so that his followers may live in happiness and peace. 'Father forgive them for they know not what they do' sums up the sentiment of the day. This is the day to remember the sacrifice. We begin morning prayers with the veneration of the cross. We remember and pay our obeisance to the cross on which Jesus was crucified. The last seven words of Christ are also read out today.\"Students of schools enact the Way of the Cross to depict the sufferings of Christ on his journey to Mount Calvary where he was crucified.The Easter Vigil service at the Church on Saturday night is conducted in anticipation of the resurrection of the Lord. Father Pinto informs, \"The message on this day is that if you want something good you have to die for yourself. Thus Easter signifies the resurrection of Christ who sacrificed himself so that his disciples could be redeemed of their sins.\"And rejoicing takes the form of Easter Sunday, the day of Christ's resurrection, when goodies, especially the Easter eggs are bought to give them as gifts to kids. Ambrose Dalgado, the owner of Jubilee Bakery, says that his shop sees some brisk sales of confectionary during this period.\"We Catholics believe that Jesus was brought back to life on Easter Sunday and as eggs are symbolic of a new life, Easter celebrations without them becomes incomplete. We sell buns one day before Good Friday as it is compulsory for all of us who are below 60 years to fast on Good Friday. The fast is broken with buns. The Easter eggs are made of marzipan with chocolate and are filled with goodies. They come in many variants and are liked by all.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12552122", "title": "Story-telling theatre at biodiversity park this week", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon along with theatre group ARTS, and NGO I Am Gurgaon, will organize a story-telling theatre at the Biodiversity park on Saturday as part of Gurgaon Utsav. \"Dastan-E-Chauboli\", adapted and directed by Mahmood Farooqui is the story of Chauboli - a funny, bitter, sarcastic and lyrical take on Indian life.\"This performance, in both Hindi and Urdu, celebrates the rich oral tradition of our country and has a lot to do with women rights. Mahmood is one of the directors of the film \"Peepli Live\" and has mastered the art of ancient story telling.The theatre is of two hours and we want residents to come for such cultural events taking place in the city. We are expecting about 400 people and have ensured the flora and fauna in the park does not get affected by such events,\" said an organizer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12552793", "title": "Lok Rakshak Dal jawans pack a punch, learn karate", "text": "VADODARA: For the first time in the state police as many as 119 cadets are being given formal karate training for certification. While unarmed combat is a part of police training, it is for the first time that cadets will also be given black belt certification.Dahod district police has ensured that 119 recruits of Lok Rakshak Dal constables being trained at the district headquarters get the certification. An exam for this purpose was conducted last week and they will be awarded certificates along with the belt soon.The idea cropped up when the members of Wado-Ryu Karate-Do Association suggested that jawans should be trained in karate too. While the jawans were given lessons only for training purposes initially, it was later decided that they could be given formal certification and exhaustive training as well.Dahod district superintendent of police Nipuna Torawane said it was possible to train cadets immediately as most of them were from the tribal belt and had good stamina and fitness. \"We noticed that they were picking up the martial art very well and hence decided to take them to the level of black belt,\" Torawane added.Torawane pointed out that it was for the first time that such a formal training was held on a large-scale for cadets in the state. \"This will not only prepare them for unarmed combat, but will also add to their fitness levels. They will also have the confidence of facing any assault with confidence and will be able to apprehend criminals with technique without using much force,\" she said.The exams of the cadets were taken last week. They will be given certificates soon along with their belts. Torawane said the jawans will be given duties in the district itself after their training period gets over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "news delhi", "code": "12553413", "title": "Pakistan smuggling counterfeit currency through Southeast Asian countries", "text": "NEWS DELHI: A recent bust of a fake Indian currency note (FICN) racket in Nepal has become a cause for concern for Indian intelligence agencies, revealing that Pakistan is pumping in counterfeit currency through Southeast Asian countries like Vietnam, Malaysia and Indonesia rather than the traditional routes of Bangladesh and Dubai.As part of the tactical switch, Pakistan is also using nationals of the South-east Asian countries to avoid detection. As always, the plot for India's economic subversion is being executed through Mumbai underworld.On Tuesday, acting on the inputs provided by India, the Nepal Police arrested a Vietnamese woman with FICN worth Rs 98 lakh at Tribhuwan International Airport in Kathmandu. The consignment - neatly stuffed in high-end liquor bottles - was delivered to her at Vietnam by conduits working for Pakistani handlers.The consignment was so smartly concealed that it would have gone unnoticed had it not been for specific information provided by India.The accused, whose name has been withheld by the agency as investigations are still on, had stuffed the currency notes in liquor bottles and packed them neatly in her check-in baggage. To avoid scrutiny she had paid legitimate duty on the liquor.Sources in intelligence agencies here said the woman took a flight from Vietnam and reached Kathmandu via Bangkok. Her arrest has not only revealed a new modus operandi, but also a new route (Pakistan to Nepal via Vietnam) of pumping FICN into India.Sources said the consignment was routed through Vietnam as traditional FICN-pumping routes like Bangladesh and Dubai are always on security agencies' radar for. \"There is greater screening of passengers coming via Dubai or Bangladesh. One would generally not suspect a Vietnamese coming from her country to be carrying fake currency,\" said an Intelligence official.The case has also indicated that Pakistan may be using underworld links to pump in money as several dons from Mumbai are now holed up in various South-east Asian nations. Even Dawood Ibrahim has a wide network of operatives spanning Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand and Vietnam. Sitting in Karachi , he controls a major share of over $2.5 million FICN racket in India. Sources said the notes are of very high quality, and match with other consignments coming from Pakistan seized earlier.A senior intelligence official said, \"Counterfeiters keep reinventing themselves. The racket had deliberately used a woman as a carrier to avoid suspicion. For instance, the Vietnamese woman had stuffed high-end liquor bottles with FICN and neatly packed them. She then paid the required duty on it which made it a legitimate consignment. That is why despite the consignment being in her check-in baggage no one in Vietnam or in Bangkok suspected anything amiss with her luggage.\"The official added, \"Recently agencies busted a racket in which fake currency was concealed in cigarettes. The accused had removed tobacco and rolled notes into the empty space.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12558166", "title": "Specific charge under Wildlife Act is a must for seizure: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: A vehicle used for smuggling ivory, not termed a forest produce under the Kerala Forest Act, cannot be seized under it, unless a specific case under the Wildlife (Protection) Act too has been lodged, the Supreme Court has ruled.A bench of justices P Sathasivam and J Chelameshwar gave the ruling, dismissing a Kerala government's appeal in a case of alleged smuggling of wild elephants' ivories, while the authorities had seized a car used for transporting it under the Kerala Forest Act, 1961.The appeal was against two concurrent judgements of the Thrissur district judge and the state high court, both asking the government to return the vehicle, allegedly used for smuggling ivories.The vehicle, belonging to one P V Mathews, had been seized on December 20, 1996 under Section 2(f) of the Kerala Forest Act State Act.\"As provisions of the Wild Life (Protection) Act, 1972 take care of wild animals skins, tusks, horns, bones, honey, wax and other parts or produce of animals, in the absence of specific charge under the said Act, the authorised officer was not justified in ordering confiscation of the vehicle,\" the bench said.\"We reiterate that the definition of \"forest produce\" in Section 2 (f) (of the Kerala Forest Act) does not include any part of living or dead wild animals which is being taken care of by the Wild Life (Protection) Act, 1972.\"Inasmuch as seizure under Section 52 of the Act has not taken place and no forest offence in respect of 'forest produce' is shown to have been committed or established in the case, there is absolutely no justification for the seizure and the order of confiscation of the aforesaid car is beyond the jurisdiction of the authorised officer,\" said Justice Sathasivam, writing the judgement said for the bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12551856", "title": "Life in a bureau: Nistula Hebbar's Kiss and Tell", "text": "PANAJI: Journalism can often be a murky affair. With its heady mix of politics and crime - often interlinked - becoming a part of the daily coverage routine for some, one may find oneself entangled as a pawn in an elaborate web, unaware of when one is being used, a story planted or the consequences that may follow.Attempting to provide a journalist's perspective on manipulations within the media is Delhi-based journalist Nistula Hebbar maiden title Kiss and Tell.\"I felt there is enormous interest in journalism... the media space is increasing,\" observes Hebbar revealing her motive behind the \"chicklet\" as she refers to it.Having been a guest lecturer to media students, she notes that \"people have a different perception of what a journalist's work is like, proximity of journalists to politicians...the pitfalls or ethical dilemmas one may encounter.\"\"I wanted to give people a glimpse of what a journalist's life entails,\" she continues.Ask her why she chose to weave the plot around romantic liaisons and Hebbar promptly discloses \"I felt a love story is the best way to portray things in an engaging manner.\"She holds that while her book was aimed at the younger demographic and quintessential romantic women, she was surprised and delighted to receive emails from a lot of men who have read the book.I began writing the book while on vacation and completed four chapters in 10 days keying in 1000 words a day, she maintains. I completed the book in three months, with only \"the Delhi winter slowing me down\" after the publisher (Penguin) was finalised, Hebbar adds.\"The plot flowed from everything around me...I draw (plot lines) from life, from around the workplace,\" she narrates. The \"pacy and exciting\" book brings out shades of \"scams, bomb blasts and exposes,\" she relates.Quiz her if she identifies with Janaki - the central character of her book and Hebbar replies \"Only that she is short and plump,\" while emphasising on the latter. \"She is living a far more adventurous life than I would have,\" she adds.Unlike authors who seek solitude to let their thoughts flow, Hebbar feels \"(daily) distractions actually help,\" while adding \"(this way you) do your day-job and then write with pleasure.\"\"I always wanted to be an author and would be happy if I get enough readers\" says the exuberant columnist who has been a reporter for 12 years. She laments that one cannot become a full time author in this country with the profession not being financially viable.But \"I like my job (as a journalist). It is very exciting to meet different people, hear different stories,\" she adds. She also treasures her (national) newspaper column as \"my space, my opinion.\"While no filmmaker has approached her yet to turn her book into a film, \"a lot of people said the book is very pacy and would make for a good movie. I don't know anyone in Bollywood , but I would be happy if a filmmaker approaches me,\" she maintains. Actors Madhavan and Genelia would portray the central characters Vishnu and Janaki well, Hebbar muses.On the literature scene in the country, Hebbar avers that \"We have plenty of vibrant literature...a lot of young, confident writers writing about post-liberalisation India, comfortable and ready to tell our stories,\" while citing Arundati Roy and Chetan Bhagat as authors at two ends of the spectrum.Though she likes reading everything, including loads of pulp fiction and murder mysteries, Amitav Ghosh , Gulzar and Vikram Seth rank among Hebbar's favourite authors.She concludes by revealing that a Harper Collins commissioned political biography which will hit bookstands in 2013 will be her next project, but declines to divulge details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12551367", "title": "Middle class travails rest on Charpai", "text": "NAGPUR: On its foundation day, the city based Mall Constructions decided to do something dramatic. And what is being presented to the city is a two-day Hindi drama festival. A collection of firm's well-wishers and theatre lovers gathered at Sai Sabha Graha on Thursday evening to celebrate the occasion and enjoy the play.To be presented at the festival are two dramas of famous Nat Bundele group of Bhopal. Both plays have the inimitable touch of the famous Hindi theatre director Alakhnandan. Known for his plays that deal with the dynamics of everyday life and have an almost poetic quality to their presentations, Alakhnandan has won acclaim for his works on national and international stage.Presented today was play Charpai that deals with the frustrations and complexities of a lower middle class family struggling to remain afloat. Sensitively enacted, the story is well-supported by apt dialogues, a fitting stage set up and actors who are well-rehearsed and clued into the needs of the play.The gloomy set up takes viewers right into the home of such families groaning under financial pressures to the extent that they even lose out on the fine wealth of relationships that exist around them. The burden of the storyline, the weight of the dialogues and the pressures of the family perpetually in a defensive mode could have suffocated the viewer but the sheer reality and truthfulness of the scenario kept the interest alive.Vijay Dammani, one of the organisers of the event, said there was a need for such plays in the city. \"The Marathi theatre and culture scene in the city are very vibrant. We require more entertainment avenues for Hindi-speaking population which is also in good numbers in the city. Our effort through these two dramas is to fill that space,\" he said.On Friday, Chanda Bedni, another of Alakhnandan's play will be staged which is replete with folk songs and dance forms of Madhya Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551337", "title": "Temple bells to ring in Hanuman Jayanti", "text": "MUMBAI: Temple bells will peal joyfully at the sunrise hour on Friday as lakhs of devout Hindus celebrate the birth of Lord Hanuman. The avatar of Lord Shiva is worshipped with offerings of sesame oil, banana, blue flowers and vermilion.Goswami Tulsidas' Hanuman Chalisa narrates the various episodes that exemplify the singular devotion showed by the monkey god for his master, Ram.After the battle of Lanka was won and the demon king, Ravan, was slain, it was time for Ram's coronation in Ayodhya. Each of the generals in battle had received prizes and honour when Sita's attention was drawn to Hanuman who stood silently by. Urging him forward, she gave him her own necklace made of the choicest pearls. However, to her astonishment, Hanuman began to take it apart with his teeth, breaking open each pearl, peering closely, then casting it aside with a look of disappointment.When she asked why, Hanuman said he was seeking the image of his beloved Ram inside them but because he saw nothing, they became worthless. A sharp courtier interjected to ask if Hanuman saw Ram within himself. To everybody's amazement, the monkey king rended his chest to show the image of Ram and Sita embedded in his heart.It is this supreme love that holds devotees in thrall to this day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551617", "title": "Auto fares can rise by only 20 paise: RTO", "text": "MUMBAI: All that auto drivers could get was a 20-paise rise in fares and they were unnecessarily making a hue-and-cry over increasing the rates, RTO officials told TOI on Thursday.\"When the taxi fare was raised on March 20, we had a proposal for a fare rise for autos in the city. But our calculation, which is based to a government-approved formula, included every parameter, showed that auto fares can rise by 20 paise only,\" said a senior official who is also part of the MMRTA. \"It is as good as not giving any hike at all.\" This is why the MMRTA declined to raise fares last month. A transport official said, \"Auto fares increased by 50 paise for every extra km a few months ago. They should be satisfied with it and refrain from holding the city to ransom.\"Desperate for a Rs-5 rise in the basic fare and a Rs-2 hike for every subsequent km, union leader Sharad Rao has declared a state-wide auto strike from April 16. \"We are unhappy with the formula based on which calculations are done. We want the state to allow the auto trade inquiry committee to finalize the fares. The weightage and linkage should be with the cost of living index,\" said Rao. \"We are against the Hakim committee formula as it does not consider the realistic cost of living.\"Disapproving of the strike, an official from the transport commissioner's office said, \"Unions will work against people if they go on a strike and demand a fare hike.\" The department may issue showcause notices to those striking work. A source added the transport department may discuss auto fares on Monday. \"If we allow them a 50-paise or a Re-1 rise, it will be under duress,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "rajahmundry", "code": "12551789", "title": "Vaastu grounds airport terminal inauguration", "text": "RAJAHMUNDRY: Though the construction of the new terminal building of Madhurapudi airport near Rajahmundry was completed four months ago, the inauguration of the new building seems to be hanging fire. While the airport authorities claim that the inauguration was stalled because of reasons beyond their control, vaastu experts and pundits say the main entrance of the new terminal is not in tune with the vaastu norms because of which the airport could land in problems in future.Vaastu expert Ramakrishna Siddanthi told TOI that the main door of the newly-constructed terminal building was placed wrongly.\"The main door of any structure should be in the north-east, east or south side. Agneyam (south-east) is not suitable for the main entrance as it could create hurdles to those who reside or use the structure,\" he pointed out.Another expert, Nittala Bapu Rao, said the south-east corner was always suitable for kitchen. \"Though people do not reside in the airport and use it only for transport purposes, vaastu norms are universal for temples, commercial complexes, any structure or new venture. The main entrance is placed in the middle leaving equal space around it for people to move around freely and it is usually located in the north-east or east side,\" he stressed.Giving much-needed facelift to the old airport, the new control tower, terminal building and other structures were constructed at a cost of Rs 38 crore in December. While passengers from both Godavari districts are hoping for an early inauguration, it is yet to take place. The airport authorities planned the inauguration of the terminal twice by the chief minister, but his tour was cancelled at the last minute on both the occasions.\"We have no idea as to why the inauguration is not taking place though the construction on a par with international standards was completed long ago,\" a senior airport official said. He said the inauguration was being delayed for various reasons for the last three months. Airport director Dhanunjaya Rao was not available for comment.Not waiting for the inauguration of the new terminal, the authorities are marshalling their resources to acquire land for expanding the runway from the present 1,749 metres to 3,000 metres so that bigger aircraft can land easily. Sources said that the acquisition of 700 acres has run into problems with the local farmers refusing to part with their property.\"Once night landing facility is also made available, economy of this region would get a boost,\" Rajahmundry MP Vundavalli Arun Kumar said. At present, Spice Jet and Jet Airways operate their services from here to Hyderabad every day, but Kingfisher Airlines has stopped its service.Sources said services to Tirupati, Bangalore, Chennai, Kolkata, Mumbai and Delhi are on the anvil.\"But this would be a reality only after the runway is expanded,\" an official said. Keeping in view the growing exploration of oil and natural gas resources, vast industrialisation through SEZs and the proposed PCPIR, the government is keen to upgrade the airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12552448", "title": "Fusing classical, western dance with dexterity", "text": "BHOPAL: Fusion of rich expression of emotions of Indian classical dance with intricate movements of western classical dance was not an easy task for Rhythmosaic - a dance company formed by husband-wife duo Ronnie Shambik Ghose and Mitul Sengupta.\"Blending of eastern and western music is common and Pandit Ravi Shankar himself began a fusion movement begun by. But the real fusion in dance is yet to come,\" said Ghose. \"Whatever fusion in dance took place was not backed by research,\" said Sengupta.The two choreographers performed in Swan Lake Revisited - the famous 1875 classic ballet but in an urban format. It was organised by the Indian Council of Cultural Relations (ICCR) at the Shaheed Bhawan in the city on Thursday. The performance was part of the inaugural ceremony of the regional office of the ICCR in Bhopal.Ghose returned to India after learning performing arts and jazz dancing around 2005, where he was better known as a Tap dancer. Sengupta a physiologist by profession was a Kathak performer.The two and Gianin Loringett explored the expressions, emotions and moves in classical ballet and dance along with kathak. Swan Lake Revisited was the outcome of a study which lasted almost half a decade.\"Like in Kathak, one never lifts the leg while on the other end in ballet, body movements may turns in the air,\" explained Ghose. Outcome of the research was evident in their dance performance. The artists stuck to pure grammar of the art forms until the eastern and western forms blended on stage.\"One has to learn the grammar to break it. Gradually, we in India are becoming more accepting of fusion in dance,\" said Ghose hoping to evolve a new genre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12551640", "title": "West Delhi goldsmiths tricked by new shop", "text": "NEW DELHI: They played the oldest of confidence tricks but at a pace that left their victims and police stunned. Within two days of setting up shop in Karol Bagh's jewellery market, two conmen, known only as Sumit and Sandeep, disappeared with roughly Rs 60 lakh worth of ornaments ordered from workshops in the area.The fraud came to light on Monday when one of the duped goldsmiths, Rahul Nischal, complained to police. According to the complaint, the accused opened their shop, SS Jewellers, on the ground floor of the market a week ago. Soon after this, they called up various goldsmiths to place orders. Nischal was asked to supply a few 'hollow gold chains'. As for payment, the accused promised to pay him the very same evening.The complainant said the duo made the first payment as promised and asked him to deliver some more chains. Next day, Nischal delivered 30 gold chains weighing 600 grams at the shop, and agreed to collect the payment that evening. However, this time when he came to take his money, the shop had been abandoned. Within minutes, Nischal met around 10 other goldsmiths in the market who had been duped in the same way.Police said while Nischal suffered the biggest loss with 600 grams of gold jewellery, Pradeep Singh lost 325 grams of gold, Purnandu Chaudhry 530 grams, and Malkeet Singh and Yogesh 90 grams each. The exact price of the jewellery has not been ascertained so far, but police said the gold alone would be worth Rs 55-60 lakh.Police officials said the accused planned the fraud carefully and executed it flawlessly. They rented the shop under fake names and then took the area's goldsmiths into confidence. They called up each of them at a separate time but fixed a common time to make payments. Police are trying to trace the accused from the phone number they used to call up the goldsmiths.Officials said the duo might not be ordinary conmen and could be working as part of a gang. They are questioning several persons, including criminals who have been involved in similar confidence tricks in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12551875", "title": "Man robbed of Rs 1L", "text": "NASHIK: A 37-year-old man was robbed of Rs 1 lakh in broad daylight near Swami Vivekanand Nagar in Cidco area on Wednesday. Pramod Lasure, a resident of Indiranagar, was driving to the bank and had Rs 1.08 lakh with him. Around noon, four unidentified men on two motorcycles approached him as he was alighting from the car. They started beating him with iron pipes and forcibly took Rs 1 lakh from his bag.Car stolen from Ayodhya ColonyA car was stolen from Ayodhya Colony recently. According to reports, Prakash Dhanvate, a resident of College Road, had parked his Ford Fiesta worth Rs 5 lakh near Ayodhya Colony on Gangapur Road on the night of April 2. When he returned, it had been stolen.Meanwhile, a bike worth Rs 25,000 was stolen from Tilakwadi recently. A complaint has been lodged with the Sarkarwada police.Pedestrian injured in hit-and-runA 39-year-old man, Sanjay Beljali, was injured in an accident when he was crossing the road around 10.30pm near Panchavati. Beljali was crossing the road near Amrut Dham around 10.30pm when a speeding vehicle knocked him down and sped away without offering help. The Panchavati police are investigating the case.Man robbed of Rs one lakhA 37 year old person was looted in broad day light on April 4 near Swami Vivekanand Nagar, Cidco, with the miscreants robbing him of Rs one lakh. According to reports, Pramod Lasure (37), resident of Kaushal Apartment, Indiranagar, was carrying Rs 1.80 lakh. While on his way to the bank, at around 12.24 pm, four unidentified person on two Pulser motorcycles approached him when Lasure was about to open the door of his car. The miscreants simply started beating up Lasure with iron pipes and forcibly took away Rs one lakh from his bag. The Ambad police have registered a complaint.Car theftA car worth Rs five lakh was stolen from the Ayodhya Colony area of the city on April 2. According to reports, Prakash Dhanvate of Vakratunda Apartment, College Road, has parked his Ford Fiesta car, worth Rs five lakh near Ayodhya Colony on Gangapur Road on the night of April 2 when it got stolen. The Gangapur police are investigating the case. Meanwhile, a motorbike worth Rs 25,000 was stolen, when parked in front of Bafna Jewellers, Tilakwadi on March 29. Varsha Sonawane has lodged a complaint with the Sarkarwada Police.Pedestrian injured in road accidentThirty nine year old Sanjay Beljali of Dattatreyanagar, Amrutdham, Panchavati was injured in a road accident, when crossing the road at around 10.30 pm near the Panchavati area. In a complaint filed by Atul Sonawane, he said that Beljali was crossing the road near Amrut Dham in front of Hotel Satkar, when a speeding vehicle hit him and fled without informing anyone about the accident. Panchavati Police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12556432", "title": "Raghubir Yadav wants his Bengali film countrywide", "text": "Coming back to Bengali movies after 15 years, character actor Raghubir Yadav says he wants his latest film, based on a real life story, dubbed in Hindi and shown all over the country.Yadav said his \" Atta Aater Bongaon Local\" (The Bongaon Local train of 8.08 pm) is so realistic in presenting the cold-blooded murder of a teenaged boy trying to save the honour of his sister that he wants it to be seen by an all-India audience.\"I would like to talk to the makers and producers of the film about its possible country-wide release, if not immediately, but sometime later,\" he told PTI.The actor returned to Bengali cinema 15 years after his role of a simpleton in \"Damu\" (1996), under the direction of young filmmaker Debaditya.Talking about his role in the \"Atta Aater Bongaon Local\", he said he depicted a very strong character of a ickshaw-puller and admitted he felt very \"charged up\" while essaying it.\"Though it may sound like a cliche, I always feel charged up when I get into the skin of such a role, I try to sense his hardship and become himself\", Yadav of \"Salaam Bombay\" fame said.He said he had tried to perfect the art of paddling a rickshaw for days.Yadav, who had seen several films of Ritwik Ghatak and Satyajit Ray including Ray's \"Pather Panchali\", \"Jalsaghar\" and \"Apur Sansar\", said he was always open to work with new directors including those from Bengal if the script and character appeared interesting.\"I have heard names like Srijit (Mukherjee). I am a great follower of Rituparno Ghosh , or even 'dada' Buddhadev Dasgupta, all synonymous with Bengal's rich heritage. I would like to work with them,\" Yadav said about Bengali directors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12553709", "title": "More killed in Maoist violence than in J&K;, northeast", "text": "NEW DELHI: Maoist violence continues to dominate internal security concerns in India, with more than double the deaths than those reported from Jammu &amp; Kashmir and northeastern states collectively during 2008-2011.In what could be a reminder of how potent the Maoists have become in the past four years, the home ministry's latest annual report released on Wednesday revealed that 3,240 persons including civilians and security forces were killed in Naxal violence compared to 1,034 in northeastern states and 496 in Jammu &amp; Kashmir during the same period.The report, which came a day before the culmination of the Odisha abduction episode which saw state government succumbing to the pressure of Red rebels to save hostages, also said that even the number of violent incidents carried out by Maoists (7,817) was more than the number of terror/insurgent attacks reported in northeastern states (4,258) and Jammu &amp; Kashmir (2,035) together during 2008-11.Almost all Naxal-infested states witnessed casualties among civilians and security forces during the period with Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand reporting a high number of killings. Bihar, Odisha, West Bengal and Maharashtra are other states which have reported casualties in double digit figures consistently since 2008.Though 2011 had reported lesser number of incidents and casualties as compared to 2010 and 2009 in Maoist violence, the number still remained high compared to incidents reported in northeast and J&K; last year. \"The CPI (M) continues to remain the most dominant and violent outfit among the various left wing extremist groups, accounting for more than 90% of total LWE incidents and 95% of resultant killings,\" the annual report for the year 2011-12 said .Interestingly, Jammu &amp; Kashmir, which was a hotbed of terrorism for almost 15 years, showed a dramatic decline in not only the number of incidents but also in casualties among security forces and civilians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12551147", "title": "Have knowledge of Naxals, just inform cops", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: It's poster vs poster, banner vs banner. Generally, the Naxals spread their ideologue through posters and banners. Now, Chandrapur police too have adopted same method. To counter Naxalism, Chandrapur police have put posters and banners and distributed pamphlets among people, calling upon them to give any information they have regarding Naxal activity in their vicinity.Naxal movement in Chandrapur is very much different from that of Naxal struggle in Gadchiroli. While cops in Gadchiroli face the challenge from armed Naxalites in dense jungle, cops here have to counter the urban modules of Naxal nexus, which work to spread their idealism and lure youths and students into their fold. The armed movement of Naxalites in Chandrapur had died over a decade ago, but white collar urban cadre who work well among labourers, students and youths, are still active. Posters, banners and leaflets of Naxalites are often found at different places in district.In recent years, cops have busted their secret module and frontal organization and arrested several urban cadre. Latest arrest was top Naxal leader Maroti Kurwatkar, who was second in command of Maharashtra state committee of CPI (Maoist) and chief of Chandrapur Area Committee. Small cache of arms and ammunition along with electronics equipment, which on assembling could have made explosive devices, were recovered from two different places which Kurwatkar had identified.Hence to counter the Naxal propaganda, police department has launched a counter campaign. Cops are reaching out for people through all means of publicity. Citizens are being detailed about the treacherous and deceitful method of Naxalites and are being urged to alert the cops against any activity of red rebels in their surroundings. Police officials have claimed that Naxals in Chandrapur are working upon labourers and students to deceive and trap them into their folds. Those who fall prey to their lure and deceit are absorbed into Naxal stream. and is later involved into armed movement.\"Naxalites rent a house in a town or a village giving pseudo names. The spread their ideology and lure the youths, mainly students, into their trap. Hence people should remain alert while renting their houses. People should also keep eye on persons coming repeatedly to their suspicious tenants,\" police officials said.They have asked the parents to keep an eye on the activities and behaviour of their wards. \"Parents should know about all the friends of their children and whether he or she is member of any organization. If their behaviour and activities have changed suspiciously then they should counsel their wards and discourage them from any anti-social and anti-national act,\" senior cops said.Cops have also called upon the citizens to inform the police if anybody is threatening them for ransom or forcing them to do some illegal work claiming himself as a Naxalite. Police department has held that Naxalites have killed innocent tribal and poor people in the areas of their domination. They have deprived people of modern education, health facilities and amenities like roads, power and transportation. Hence, people should remain alert and inform nearest police station if they have any information about Naxal activities, the cops urged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12553415", "title": "City celebrates Mahavir Jayanti with gaiety", "text": "LUCKNOW: Mahavir Jayanti, the birth and Nirvan day of the last tirthankar, was celebrated with full fervour and gaiety in the city on Thursday. On the auspicious occasion, Jain community reiterated the message of non-violence. Mahavir, who was the last tirthankar among 24 others, was born in 599 BC.Adeesh Jain, member of Shri Jain Dharma Pravardhani Sabha (SJDPS), Lucknow said, \"Ahimsa or non-hurting anyone in life is the main principle of Jainism. Even unintentional stepping on an ant may have serious consequences for the soul. It is believed that not only living things, but everything in nature must be treated with respect. We have to be cautious with everything.\"Another SJDPS official said, \"Jains believe in the wheel of time. Whatever we do is sure to come back to us. If we do bad deeds, the same will come back to us in one or other form before we die. This is why we support ahimsa.\"On Thursday, Jains gathered at Mahavir Park near Chowk where various customs associated with the worship of Mahavir were observed. \"Our principles have been in existence since long time. The idea of truth and ahimsa has been followed by Jains even before they were made famous by Mahatma Gandhi ,\" said Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12552603", "title": "In bid to snatch chain, duo lay hands on Rs 60L worth of gold coins", "text": "CHENNAI: An autorickshaw driver and his friend, who attacked two finance firm employees near Koyambedu and snatched a 10-sovereign gold chain from one of them on Wednesday night, unwittingly got a bonanza - a bag with 2.5kg of gold coins worth about 60 lakh left on the back seat of the auto.Senthil Kumar and Ramanathan of the Coimbatore branch of Muthoot Finance , who were to leave for their city at 10.15pm, later lodged a complaint with the Koyambedu police. The injured Senthil Kumar was admitted to a nearby private hospital.Police said Kumar and Ramanathan arrived here on Wednesday to collect 7.5 kg of gold coins from the head office and checked into a small lodge near Albert Theatre in Egmore. After collecting the coins in three bags, they left the lodge at 9pm and took an autorickshaw to Koyambedu.En route, a stranger got in and sat besides the auto driver and began talking as if he knew the driver, the duo told police.Later, police said, the driver drove towards Maduravoyal instead of turning to the omni-bus terminus. When questioned, he said it was because of diversions to facilitate Metro Rail work. The stranger gave directions to the driver and they reached Nerkundram. From there, they returned on the same road and parked in a dark lane near Koyambedu market.The auto driver and the stranger pulled out a knife and asked for the jewels the two employees were wearing. The driver inflicted a cut injury on Kumar's hand and snatched his 10-soverign gold chain.Ramanathan ran off with two bags containing 5kg of gold coins.The robbers then pushed Senthil Kumar on the road and drove away. One leather bag containing 2.5kg of gold coins, which was on the rear seat went with them, police said.The robbers were not aware that the duo had gold coins worth nearly 1.8 crore and only targeted Senthil Kumar's gold chain, police said.\"Each of the six special teams formed is probing a particular angle. We are not ruling out the possibility of the two employees being involved,\" joint commissioner of police (west zone) K Shankar told TOI. Preliminary inquiries with the victims revealed they had hired a moving auto. \"We are trying to trace the auto by checking the footage from CCTV cameras at signals on the stretch of Poonamallee High Road from Egmore to Koyambedu,\" Shankar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12553539", "title": "\u2018Lord of Loud\u2019 : Amp innovator behind rock\u2019n\u2019roll sound dies", "text": "LONDON: Jim Marshall, dubbed the \"Lord of Loud\" for helping shape the sound of rock'n'roll with his groundbreaking amplifier designs, died in a hospice on Thursday morning, his family said. He was 88.Marshall had cancer and endured a series of strokes, his son, Terry Marshall, said.Jim Marshall was long associated with the heavy guitar sounds his amps helped popularize in the 1960s, when Pete Townshend of 'The Who', Jimi Hendrix, Eric Clapton, Jimmy Page and others turned to stacks of Marshall amps to create a thunderous hard rock sound.He was not looking for musical precision in his amplifiers, but wanted a sound that conveyed raw, fuzzy power. Aficionados credit him with developing the \"amp stack\" that allowed garage bands to make a powerful noise in small dance halls and gymnasiums.Marshall is revered as one of the four forefathers of rock music equipment along with Leo Fender, Les Paul and Seth Lover.Born in London in 1923, he started out as a drummer before going into business and founding Marshall Amplification in 1962.In around 1960, a young Pete Townshend, later lead guitarist for The Who , first suggested to Marshall that he expand his music shop to sell guitars and amplifiers as well as drums.Terry Marshall said the first amp was produced in 1960, a few years before the musical explosion that would give guitar-oriented rock its place in music history.The first Marshall amps didn't look like much - just a simple black box with a speaker inside and basic controls on top - but they packed a formidable punch.Marshall remained a fan of heavy metal rock - and of Cuban Montecristo cigars and single malt Scotch - well into his 70s. He kept a drum set in his office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12553938", "title": "UT comes to rescue of animals at pet shops", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To put a stop to cruelty against pets, particularly during their sale and purchase, UT administration has laid down guidelines, which would be implemented by agencies like department of wildlife, police and NGOs working for the cause of animals. Now, pet shop owners will not be allowed to sell grown up dogs or puppies with mutilated tails/ears, pets and birds in the pet shops will not be exhibited and traded like commodities and pet shop owners will not cram the pet animals and birds in cages outside their shops along with hoardings or in front of their shops in open sunlight.Any pet shop engaged in grooming and functioning as 'Pet Parlour' will follow detailed operational standards of sanitation, ventilation, heating, cooling, humidity, enclosure requirements, nutrition, drinking water, management and medical treatment.There will also be a bar on sale of pets at an early age of 8 weeks or before. All reasonable precautions shall be taken to prevent unnatural deaths and spread of infectious diseases. Pregnant animals will not be put on sale. A routine fortnightly health check of birds and animals kept in a pet shop for sale will be carried out by a registered veterinary practitioner and a record of the same would be maintained.No pet shop will be located close to butcher shop where carcass of slaughtered animals and birds are hung for sale in full vision of live animals waiting to be sold. It should be at least 50 metres away from butcher shop, so that the view of slaughtered animals and birds carcass is not visible to live pets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12553358", "title": "Muzammil appointed V-C of Rohilkhand University", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh Governor and Chancellor, BL Joshi on Thursday appointed Prof Mohd Muzammil, professor in the department of economics, Lucknow University as the vice-chancellor, Mahatma Jyotiba Phule Rohilkhand University, Bareilly for a period of three years. The information was given by principal secretary to governor, GB Patnaik.Born on March 1, 1953, Prof Muzammil completed his PhD in economics from Lucknow University in 1985 on 'Financing of Education in Uttar Pradesh'. This was later published as a book. He then did his post doctoral research on 'Human Development in South Asia' as a visiting fellow in South Asian Visiting Scholarship Programme, University of Oxford , England.Taking it as a challenge, Prof Muzammil said, \"Creating motivational and inspirational atmosphere in the university will be my priority. Also, I would work on maintaining academic atmosphere.\"In 2011, Prof Muzammil was conferred with Saraswati Samman by the government of UP (on Teachers Day) for his contributions in higher education. In 2010, he was awarded with Shikshak Shree Samman by the state government.Prof Muzammil is a recipient of Govind Ballabh Pant Economics Award (in 2000) for his best book in Hindi. The book is titled as 'Krishi Arthshastra' (Agricultural Economics). He holds a teaching experience of 37 years in the department of economics, Lucknow University. He is presently the chairman, Annual Reports Committee, LU.Till date, he has written six books (English, Hindi and Urdu), about 25 project reports, completed more than 100 articles in research journals, e-journals and in edited books, and more than 100 articles in news papers; including a few in The Guardian and Financial Express, London. His coming books are Environmental Economics, and Chanakya (manuscript under preparation).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12552001", "title": "Errant cabbies get more time", "text": "KOLKATA: Nearly 4,000 taxi owners, who have not yet applied for electronic meters fitted with printers, have got a breather. The state government on Thursday allowed them time till April 14 if they pay a penalty of Rs 750.The defaulting cabbies and the government had pleaded with Calcutta high court to extend the March 31 deadline, but the court had refused to do so earlier this week. Instead, the court observed that the government should cancel the licences of the 3,600 taxis and impose penalty on applications made after the deadline.Mitra had said that the government would follow the court order and for the past two days, the exact fine to renew the cancelled licences was being worked out.Government officials have said that the government would fix a rate that would be in keeping with the court order as well sympathetic to the fact that taxi drivers are poor. The transport department has asked police to conduct checks on the road for taxis without meter-printers.However, the fare hike demand has not been resolved yet. It has always been a tricky issue in 'price-sensitive' market of Kolkata. The last hike was in 2009 and further revisions have been stuck in a political quagmire. It has reached a stage where taxi operation has become quite unviable without a fare hike.\"Since 2009, the diesel price has been revised seven times. We even refused to demand a fare-hike because we were afraid of losing passengers. But now we simply cannot ply taxis at these fares. We are incurring huge losses and have been pushed to the point of no return,\" said Sukha Yadav, a Bhowanipore cabby.Taxi operators across the city think that Rs 30 for the first 2km and a hike of 50 paise for every stage thereafter is a fair deal. They feel it won't hurt passengers too hard but will take care of the cabbies' survival. \"We have reduced the 'batchit' (the daily payment a taxi driver has to make to the owner) from Rs 500 to Rs 350. Even then it is difficult for a driver to manage. Our survival is at stake,\" said Sanjib Roy, a taxi owner and assistant secretary of Bengal Taxi Association.The proposal for car advertisement would have brought some money - Rs 900 for the owner and Rs 300 for the driver. But this has not been cleared by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12557723", "title": "I'm naked under my Spidey suit: Andrew Garfield", "text": "The Amazing Spider-Man star Andrew Garfield revealed to talk show host Ellen De Generes that he is in fact naked under the Spider-Man suit.\"It's the worst. One of the first nights we were out on location downtown in LA, we were in a parking structure, and I knew there were paparazzi taking terrible unflattering shots of my - you know - everything. The whole point wearing a mask is you feel free, you can be everything you want, you can be witty. That was the whole point - Peter Parker becomes Spider-Man and he becomes this alter ego. But knowing your keister is being shot from many different angles makes you very uncomfortable.\"Moreover, Garfield confessed that the suit is not comfortable. \"It's made of something that's designed to make you irritated. I don't know what the exact material name is but that's the description. They were thinking, how can we irritate this young British lad?\"The Amazing Spider-Man is directed by Marc Webb and also stars Emma Stone and Indian actor Irrfan Khan in crucial roles. The film releases in India along with the rest of the world on July 3, 2012 in 3D.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12555465", "title": "Iconic actor\u2019s troubled daughter stalks Shahid", "text": "She has been spotted scaling walls, dodging security and blocking his car at odd hours to get an audience with himShahid Kapoor has had his share of female admirers, but there is a certain fan who has left him rather disturbed.She has been accosting him at odd hours, claiming to be his wife and even dodging security to ring his doorbell in the wee hours of the morning. Shahid, so far has been trying to deal with it cautiously, since the woman happens to be the daughter of an iconic yesteryear actor. But this newspaper refrains from revealing her identity.The latest in the string of incidents, was on Wednesday, at around 3 am. According to eye-witnesses, the woman, who lives in the adjacent high-rise, scaled the boundary wall, managed to dodge the security and ran up to Shahid's apartment on the 13th floor of Raheja Classique, and began pounding on his door. As soon as the actor realised who she was, he called up the security, and four of them rushed upstairs and escorted the woman away.Mirror has learnt that the woman, in her early 30s, has had a troubled life. According to some of distant relatives, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, she could never quite recover from the twin blows of her father's death and professional disappointments. \"In fact, a few years ago, she made her debut in a B-grade flick, where her role was drastically reduced. It was a huge blow for her,\" said the family member.Her obsession with Shahid is about six-months old, say her relatives. A reason why she even shifted home to be closer to her favourite star, who she claims is her spouse.According to Shahid's friends , he has had to face several awkward moments in the recent past when she suddenly \"popped up near the gate and blocked his path.\" There have also been reports of her waiting near his car and making several desperate attempts to go up to his apartment and meet him.\"Shahid, who is aware of her background, has been sensitive enough to ignore these incidents so far, but Wednesday night was a little serious and he has decided to highlight this as a security breach with his society,\" added the actor's friend. In the absence of any responsible family member who can perhaps handle her delicate situation, Shahid has not had an opportunity to discuss the problem with anyone close to her.Shahid remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12554309", "title": "Notice to information public officer, first appellate authority", "text": "ROHTAK: The Haryana Information Commission has issued notices to a state information public officer (SPIO) and first appellate authority for allegedly not furnishing entire information sought under the Right to Information Act to an RTI activist.The commission also directed the SPIO and the first appellate authority-cum-under secretary to file their reply to the points raised by the complainant by April 18.A coordinator of Haryana Soochna Adhikar Manch, Subhash, had filed an RTI application before the office of SPIO on August 18, 2011, seeking information about functioning of the state public information office.However, when the SPIO did not provide him the entire information even after 60 days, he filed first appeal before the authority.When the authority also did not respond to his application, he complained to the State Information Commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "12553564", "title": "High-flying snake forces plane to land", "text": "MELBOURNE: An Australian jet pilot was forced to make an emergency landing shortly after takeoff as a snake appeared slithering from plane's dashboard.Braden Blennerhassett, a pilot with Air Frontier, was flying freight to the remote town of Peppimenarti in the Northern Territory when about 20 minutes after he had left Darwin, he spotted the snake coming out of the dashboard, according to local media reports.Blennerhassett - unsure whether the snake was venomous - said that his heart raced as he tried to keep his hands still while maneuvering the plane. The snake popped its head out from behind the instrument panel several times,Blennerhassett said, and then the ordeal worsened when it crawled across his leg.Hunt said a snake handler was organized to check the plane, but it was never found. \"We have got another chap who is an aircraft engineer and a snake handler and he couldn't find it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12552025", "title": "Centre reduces Goa's kerosene quota by 73%", "text": "PANAJI: The central government has drastically reduced Goa's quota of kerosene by 73%. The centre has also instructed the state that kerosene is to be used strictly for cooking and illumination only and not for any other commercial purpose.Speaking to TOI, civil supplies secretary D C Sahoo said that with the reduction in kerosene quota, Goa will now get only about 1,308 kl of kerosene in contrast to the over 3,500 kl it was getting. Sahoo said that with the reduction, the government will have to ensure that kerosene is now distributed under the public distribution system strictly to needy people.The Centre's move comes as a result out of a new formula that considers the state's per capita availability of kerosene and also the expansion of the state's LPG (cooking gas) network. The Centre's concern is that Goa consumes high quantity of LPG and that there is no need for kerosene.Kerosene getting diverted to the black market has been an issue in Goa for a long time. The issue was debated in the Goa legislative assembly in 2008, with present chief minister and then opposition leader Manohar Parrikar alleging that most kerosene vendors in Goa were operating under bogus names and misusing crores worth of central subsidy on kerosene. He had even threatened to file a case with the CBI.Parrikar had highlighted the fact that of the approximate 700 kerosene vendors in Goa, 302 were in Salcette taluka and a notably high number were concentrated in Rawanfond. In contrast, Bardez had only 35 and Canacona just four kerosene hawkers.Last month the government decided to join the Centre's cash subsidy scheme for kerosene by which the government's subsidy on kerosene would be directly credited into the bank accounts of ration card holders. The rationale behind the scheme is to stop black marketing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551332", "title": "Jains celebrate Mahavir Jayanti", "text": "MUMBAI: The 15 lakh-strong Jain community in the city celebrated Mahavir Jayanti, birth anniversary of the 24th Tirthankar, over Wednesday and Thursday. The Moortipujak sect observed it a day before while the Sthanakvasis did so on Thursday. This marks 2,611 years since the birth of the apostle of peace who founded Jainism.Premchand Jain, trustee of Mahavir Shantinath Jain temple at Fort, observed the occasion on Wednesday. \"We hosted Sammuh Sanatra Mahapuja Mahotsav,\" he said.'Prabhat pheris' were taken around in several neighbourhoods. At city's oldest Jain shrine, the Goriji Parshvanath Jain temple at Pydhonie, Muni Vimalsagarji said it did not matter which day is celebrated. \"What matters are the lessons you take,\" he said. This is a seminal year for the Pydhonie derasar, which is gearing up to celebrate its 200th anniversary on May 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12557700", "title": "RGV in awe of Sudeep", "text": "The filmmaker is all praise for the actor, after watching the theatrical trailer of Sudeep's next Telugu outing, EegaAfter days of tweeting non-stop and gushing about his latest find and muse, model-turned-actor Nathalia Kaur, it is now the turn of Sandalwood actor Kichcha Sudeep to find favour with filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma . The director-producer had recently seen the theatrical trailer of Sudeep's upcoming Telugu flick, the Rajmouli directed Eega and took to his microblogging page to write about it. \"Eega trailer is SUPERB.Check at http://www.eegamovie.com/videos. I have no doubts that it will be the most path breaking vfx film to come out of India. In sheer conceptual originality Eega looks like its miles ahead of Rajamouli's earlier blockbuster Magadheera. Idea of makng a film on a fly as the protagonist is a true curtain raiser for Indian cinema to venture into. Sudeep in the trailer is truly remarkable. Always knew that he was a great actor but looks like Rajamouli made him outreach himself by leaps and bounds,\" the filmmaker wrote.Eega, meanwhile, is not a full-fledged animated film, but will feature a CGI housefly. \"The film explores a story involving this fly and a man. And as that man, I'm the villain in the fly's life. That's the only grey shade to the character,\"\" says Sudeep, adding that the film will be a family entertainer and will also be released in Tamil and Hindi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12555522", "title": "Abducted engineer found murdered in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A young engineer, who was abducted three days ago, was found murdered in west Delhi early this morning, police said.Three of his abductors have been arrested. Johny Gupta (23) was abducted from Keshavpuram Industrial area on April 3. He was found murdered in Nangloi in west Delhi.\"The family had claimed that they got a ransom call for Rs one crore,\" a senior police official said.Investigators claimed that the victim knew his abductors but were yet to confirm whether they were friends.The victim's brother claimed, \"the abductor called and asked for Rs one crore ransom. He said if you want him safe, don't inform police or media.\"The brother alleged that police did not register a case at the first place. Police denied the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "12552841", "title": "High court bench issues notices in Saibaba trust case", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Aurangabad bench of the Bombay high court on Wednesday issued notices, returnable within three weeks, to the state government, former and some current members of the Shri Saibaba Sansthan Trust, Shirdi, and former and current presidents of the Shirdi Nagarpanchayat following a public interest litigation alleging that these members committed irregularities during 2004-2012.Sanjay Kale, an RTI activist from Kopargaon, has filed a public interest litigation seeking directives from the court for investigation into 14 alleged irregularities inflicting losses running into crores of rupees on the trust. He filed the petition before the high court bench comprising justices Bhushan Gavai and Sunil P Deshmukh.Kale, who is a medical representative by profession, argued that he has approached the court to seek direction for action against the former trustees, after obtaining information through RTI about the trust's functioning. The information revealed the alleged irregularities by the former trustees, he added.He pointed out to the court that the management committee has indulged in 14 alleged irregularities, including alleged illegal closure of the laddu (sweet) counter at the shrine; irregularity in allotment of staff quarters; illegal construction of 'bhakta niwas' (devotees quarters); unauthorised distribution of benches to schools; special assistance from trust funds and concessions for medical treatment of people with political background; unauthorised use of the trust vehicles; illegal changes in the planned road related to the shrine; illegal disbursement of Rs 50 crore for the Shirdi airport; construction of illegal shopping complex and its subsequent sale involving an amount of about Rs 380 crore and alleged unauthorised use of the trust guest house for guests of the trustees.Kale sought the high court's direction for an in-depth investigation into the alleged irregularities and recovery of financial losses from trustees who looked after the management of Saibaba trust between 2004 and 2012. Following the arguments, justices Gavai and Deshmukh ordered issuance of notices to 21 parties including the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12557947", "title": "Abducted engineer killed by three friends in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A young engineer was strangled allegedly by his three friends in west Delhi for getting hold of the money the victim's father got in a land deal, police said on Friday.Johny Gupta (23), who works as a site engineer with a private company, was murdered on the night of April 3, hours after his close friend Anoop (25) allegedly took him to a godown in Kamruddin Nagar in west Delhi's Nihal Vihar, they said.Anup, a marketing executive, and his friends Anil (26), a tempo driver, and Avinash (36), the godown owner, were arrested, R S Krishnaiah, joint commissioner of police, said.According to police, the murder took place at around 9 pm on April 3 and the family received a ransom call of Rs one crore later. Police claimed they received the information about the victim being missing around 11.30pm that night.\"The deceased's father had received some money on a land deal. Anoop, the mastermind, and his friends wanted to get hold of that money and they executed the murder,\" Krishnaiah claimed.Giving the sequence of events, he said, Gupta, who holds a diploma in civil engineering was last scene at Keshavpuram on April three 6.30pm with one of his friends Ashok.Checking of Gupta's call records showed that after that he had received a call from Anoop and that the ransom call was made from the deceased's phone.Anoop was questioned the next day but he \"initially tried to mislead\" investigators but later broke down and confessed to the crime, Krishnaiah said.\"Anoop had asked Gupta to come near Punjabi Bagh fly over on the fateful day. Gupta was made to park his motorcycle at Peeragarhi metro station from where both went to the godown owned by Avinash on Anoop's motorcycle,\" he said.\"Anil and Avinash were waiting for them at the godown. Gupta tried to leave the place later but was not allowed. The trio strangled him. After murdering him, a ransom call of Rs one crore was made to his family at around 11.30pm,\" Krishnaiah said.They allegedly buried him inside the godown and even put salt on it so that the body decomposed faster, he claimed.Investigators said the ransom call was traced to Wazirpur area and that there were no second ransom call.Following Anoop's questioning, the body was recovered as well as the deceased's mobile phone.The victim's brother claimed, \"the abductor called and asked for Rs one crore ransom. He said if you want him safe, don't inform police or media.\"The brother alleged that police did not register a case at the first place. Police denied the allegations.\"The murder took place around 9pm. We were informed about the missing of Gupta at 11.30 pm. When the ransom call came, we added charges of abduction in the case.\"There was no chance to save the victim as he was killed before we were informed,\" Krishnaiah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12552188", "title": "Abandoned two-day-old girl faces orphanage care", "text": "NOIDA: She is barely 48 hours old but was left to her fate on the streets of Noida. Abandoned by her family, she is now being looked after by the staff at the district hospital.She was left near the busy sector 37 crossing of Noida just before midnight on Wednesday. A passerby heard her crying on the pavement and informed the police. A PCR van then got her admitted to Dr Ambedkar Multispecialty District Hospital in sector 30. \"We received a call around 12 am and found the baby lying near the sector 37 crossing,\" said SHO of sector 39 police station S K Tripathi.\"The girl is around two days old. From the initial check-up that we conducted on her, she was found to be healthy and normal. She has been put under the observation of a paediatrician,\" said CMO Dr Meena Mishra.No one has turned up yet to claim her custody and the identity and whereabouts of her parents remain unknown, said a nurse at the hospital. \"We have reported the matter to the office of the city magistrate. They will have to take further action on this,\" added Dr Mishra.However, the district administration denied receiving any report from either the hospital or police. \"I am yet to receive any information,\" said city magistrate Kanchan Saran. \"Such matters, which concern abandoned children, are generally handled by the child welfare committee or the police,\" said Saran.The CWC of Noida said the official process for such a case is that the child cannot be kept in custody of the hospital or district administration beyond 24 hours. \"If no one turns up to claim the child, she has to be handed over to a voluntary social organization or an orphanage for custody,\" he said.This incident comes on the heels of an incident barely 15 days back when the body of a baby girl was found in a dustbin in Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12553675", "title": "India-UK joint bid to map malaria, Japanese encephalitis-prone areas", "text": "NEW DELHI: British and Indians scientists have joined hands to predict areas of the country that face the maximum risk of malaria and Japanese encephalitis (JE) outbreaks.Scientists from the Liverpool university are working with computer modeling specialists in India to predict areas that will see the deadliest malaria outbreaks following changes in monsoon rainfall.Experts say the number of heavy rainfall events in India has increased over the past 50 years, but research has tended to focus on the impact this has on agriculture rather than the vector-borne diseases, such as malaria and JE.The university's school of environmental sciences is working with the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research's ( CSIR) Centre for Mathematical Modeling and Computer Simulation (C-MMACS) to develop a technology that will help decision-makers target areas that are prone to widespread climate variability and malaria epidemics.According to the recent World Malaria Report, 2011, over 70% of India's population, or 100.41 crore face the risk of malaria infection. Around 31 crore, however, face the \"highest risk\" of getting infected by the vector-borne disease.WHO said India has over 10 crore suspected malaria cases, but only 15.9 lakh could be confirmed last year.Of the confirmed cases, 8.3 lakh people were infected by plasmodium falciparum, while 7.6 lakh were infected with plasmodium vivax. Malaria mortality rates have fallen by more than 25% globally.The number of malaria cases in India has dropped from two million a year to 1.5 million in recent years, but the percentage of the more dangerous form of the disease, P falciparum infection, has increased in some areas.The model could help inform early intervention methods to prevent the spread of malaria at key points in the seasonal monsoon cycle, reducing the economic and health impacts of the disease.Dr Andy Morse, from the university's school of environmental sciences, said, \"We already know that an anomalous season of heavy rainfall, when heat and humidity are high, allows insects such as mosquitoes to thrive and spread infection to humans. In order to prepare health services and prevent epidemics we must have a way of predicting when these events are likely to occur in areas that are not accustomed to annual outbreaks of malaria.\"\"Liverpool has developed human and animal disease models that can be integrated into seasonal forecasting systems to give a picture of what the climate impacts on disease risk will be like in four to six months time,\" Dr Morse added.Dr Prashant Goswami from C-MMACS said, \"We are rapidly developing our computer modelling capabilities using technology that can address the impacts of climate variability on agriculture and water systems. This knowledge, along with the Liverpool models of vector-borne diseases, will help us develop systems to predict when changes in the monsoonal rain may occur and which areas are most likely to see an increase in malaria.\"He added, \"Health authorities in India are already very successful at controlling malaria cases, but the new research should support decision-makers in keeping ahead of the more serious occurrences of the disease, which is starting to increase across the country alongside the changing climate conditions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12553897", "title": "No hike in road tax", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The frenzy created by car dealers in the city over possible hike in road tax is unfounded. City residents will continue to pay Rs 12,000 as road tax instead of proposed Rs 36,000 for Rs 6 lakh car as UT has decided not to hike minimum road tax slab from 2% to 6% as recommended by director transport council in February.A UT official confirmed that no such proposal is under consideration and the suggestion made at the meeting of the council is not binding on the administration. \"If at all the tax slabs are revised sometime later, it would only be to keep the rates in UT comparable with those in Punjab and Haryana,\" he said.As of now, the road tax rates are one of the lowest in the region.The highest slab in Chandigarh for cars costlier than Rs 20 lakh is 4%, even though Haryana charges 8% for such vehicles.It was in February 2011, that the administration had increased road tax by introducing slab system linked to the cost of cars and two wheelers, with the minimum tax rate at par with that in Punjab.At present residents pay road tax of 2% for vehicles costing up to Rs 6 lakh. There are two more slabs with rates of 3% for vehicles costing Rs 7-20 lakh and 4% for those with price tag of more than Rs 20 lakh. For two-wheelers costing up to Rs 1 lakh, it will be 3% and 4% for the costlier ones.\"A number of city residents bought cars, especially diesel models in haste, anticipating a major increase in prices in the Union budget and with hike in road tax too set to burn a hole in their pocket,\" said a car dealer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12552579", "title": "Periyar is full of pesticides: National Institute of Interdisciplinary Science and Technology", "text": "KOCHI: Abysmal levels of chemical pollution in Periyar surfaced on Wednesday with the National Institute of Interdisciplinary Science and Technology (NIIST) confirming dangerous percentage of endosulfan, benzene hexachloride (BHC) and DDT in more than 60 samples collected from the river.Scientific analysis of 64 spot samples of water collected from the neighbourhood of Eloor industrial area has confirmed the contamination, said an NIIST report filed before the high court on Wednesday.NIIST did the analysis following an HC directive to study the samples. The directive was part of an interim order issued while considering a petition filed by advocate AX Varghese for Green Action Force.NIIST report stated that all the 64 water samples showed presence of pesticides except in three places - upstream of Pathalam bund near Edayar industrial site, upstream of Pathalam bund at the backside of Southern Minerals and Chemicals, and sample collected from treated effluent discharge from Sud-Chemie.The report, filed through central government counsel T Sanjay, said that water from Periyar is not suitable for use without treatment given the presence of pesticides. Samples were collected by Kerala State Pollution Control Board in the presence of court-appointed advocate commissioner PA Jacob. The exercise took more than two months to complete with the team collecting samples from the vicinity of more than 15 industrial units in the area.Additionally, samples were taken from places including Kuzhikandam Thodu, Panachi Thodu, Unthithodu, Pollipuram, Chakkalakkal Thodu, Pallipuram Chal, Poothavalathodu, Vettukadavu, FACT, Eloor Ferry. Edamula, Vertukadam, Muttar and Kadamakudy Jetty.Green Action Force had alleged that industrial units in the Eloor industrial area are heavily polluting water of Periyar river. Endosulfan and DDT are known as endocrine disruptors and have been banned in many countries, with most developed nations imposing a total ban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12552514", "title": "Six pimps arrested in raids across city", "text": "CHENNAI: The Anti-Vice Squad (AVS) on Wednesday night busted a flesh trade racket on the Old Mahabalipuram Road ( OMR) and arrested two pimps from Andhra Pradesh. The pimps would render services in cars.One of the police officers posed as a customer. He was asked to come near the Indira Gandhi Nagar MRTS station where R Venkata Narayanan and V Bondurenga showed him four girls. Once the deal was struck, police swung into action and arrested the duo. The girls, in the age group of 20 and 25 years, were from AP and Kolkata.The operators put advertisements in newspapers seeking customers, who were charged 1,300 to 5,000 for sexual favours, police said. They also seized a hi-tech car from them.In another raid on Wednesday, police arrested pimps Ambika and Mala and rescued a woman. They were allegedly involved in the flesh trade while using massage parlours as a front. Acting on a tip-off that a sex racket was running in Marian Ayurvedic massage parlour at Chetpet, police raided the place.In a third incident, police arrested two pimps who allegedly forced women into prostitution on the pretext of offering them jobs in a beauty parlour at Mangadu. The pimps were identified as J Sujatha, 30, of Mangadu and P Venkatasubayya, 25, of Andhra Pradesh.\"The girls are promised jobs with attractive pay packages in the beauty parlours in the city but end up becoming prostitutes,\" said an investigating officer. Police also seized a Hyundai TN-22, CD 4837 car and a cell phone from the pimps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12554138", "title": "Uncomfortable wait", "text": "LUDHIANA: A large room, bare except for a couple of chairs here and there and some fans that move at their own will, giving little air, is what the waiting rooms at Ludhiana city station are like. With summer making its arrival known, passengers rue that waiting for a train to chug in at the city station is a test of their patience.What's pinching commuters is that the railway authorities have hiked the charges for executive and first class tickets but done nothing to improve facilities. While there are no coolers or air conditioners and very little seating arrangement, there is also no check on entry. Earlier, there used to be a railway employee sitting outside the two waiting rooms, who allowed only those with reserved tickets to use the rooms.Disappointed with the lack of amenities at the waiting room, businessman Sushil Sharma, a resident of Civil Lines said, ''The condition of the room is such that it is better to wait at the platform only. The authorities have not considered providing some cooling system for us. What's more commuters have to scamper to get a seat since there are so few. The condition of the wash rooms are also pathetic.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "12551324", "title": "Titanic's remains to come under Unesco's protection", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: The wreckage of the Titanic, which has remained at the bottom of the North Atlantic for 100 years, will now come under the protection of the United Nations' cultural body that seeks to safeguard wrecks, decorated caves and other cultural relics underwater.Till now, remains of the Titanic were not eligible for protection under Unesco's Convention on the Protection of Underwater Cultural Heritage, which applies only to wreckage that has remained submerged for at least 100 years.As 2012 marks the 100th anniversary of the sinking of the Titanic, the ship's wreckage will now come under the cover of the Unesco convention.\"The sinking of the Titanic is anchored in the memory of humanity and I am pleased that this site can now be protected by the Unesco Convention,\" UN Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (Unesco) director general Irina Bokova said in a statement.Bokova called on divers not to dump equipment or commemorative plaques on the Titanic site. Titanic struck an iceberg in the North Atlantic on its maiden voyage and sank on the night of April 14, 1912.The vestiges of the Titanic lie at a depth of 4,000 metres off the coast of Newfoundland. No single nation can claim the site because the wreck is in international waters.States only have jurisdiction over wrecks lying in their own waters and flying their flag. However, from now on states parties to the UNESCO convention can outlaw the destruction, pillage, sale and dispersion of objects found at the site.They can take measures within their power to protect the wreck and ensure that the human remains there are treated with dignity. The convention provides for a system of cooperation between states parties to prevent exploration deemed unscientific or unethical.In accordance with the convention, they also have the authority to seize any illicitly recovered artefacts and close their ports to all vessels undertaking exploration that is not done according to the principles of the treaty. While Bokova expressed satisfaction that the Titanic would now be properly safeguarded, she voiced concern over the damage and looting of the countless other ancient shipwrecks that new technology has made accessible.\"There are thousands of other shipwrecks that need safeguarding as well. All of them are archaeological sites of scientific and historical value. \"They are also the memory of human tragedy that should be treated with respect,\" she said.Just as the plundering of cultural sites on land should not be tolerated, the same should be applicable to the remains of the numerous shipwrecks across the world, she said. Adopted in 2001 by the General Conference of UNESCO, the convention aims to ensure better protection of wrecks, sites, decorated caves and other cultural relics underwater.This international treaty is a response from the global community to the growing incidence of looting and destruction of submerged heritage sites by treasure hunters. To date, 41 states have ratified the Convention for the Protection of Underwater Cultural Heritage, which entered into force in January 2009.Besides shipwrecks, the convention aims to protect such sunken historical sites as the ruins of the Alexandria lighthouse and Cleopatra's palace in Egypt, part of ancient Carthage in Tunisia, and Jamaica's Port Royal, destroyed by an earthquake in 1692, as well as entire landscapes and rock art caves now at the bottom of the sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12555791", "title": "22,000 H-1B applications filed in first four days", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US Citizenship and Immigration Services has received about 22,000 petitions for the much sought after H-1B work visas in the first four days after it started accepting applications on April 2, officials said.\"We have received approximately 22,000 H-1B petitions for the fiscal 2013 beginning October 1 this year,\" US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) spokesperson Bill Wright told PTI.The USCIS official, however, was quick to note that these are preliminary figures.The 22,000 H-1B petitions received in the first four days are from both the categories: Congressionally mandated cap of 65,000 in the general category and another 20,000 in the advance degree category.Even these preliminary figures indicate that there has been quite an increase in the H-1B petitions this year as compared to the previous two years, it is much less than the previous years when the cap was reached on the very first day.In 2011, in the first week, the USCIS had received approximately 5,900 H-1B petitions counting toward the 65,000 cap, and approximately 4,500 petitions toward the 20,000 cap exemption for individuals with advanced degrees.In 2010, USCIS had received only 13,500 petitions in the Congressionally mandated cap of 65,000 in the first week and approximately 5,600 petitions for individuals with advanced degree.USCIS, in 2009, had received 42,000 H-1B applications under the Congressional mandated quota of 65,000 in the first week.In the advanced degree category it received about similar number of applications.US businesses use the H-1B programme to employ foreign workers in speciality occupations that require theoretical or technical expertise in specialised fields, such as scientists, engineers, or computer programmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12551848", "title": "Visa facilitation centre shifted", "text": "PANAJI: The Union ministry of home affairs has shifted the visa facilitation centre attached to its foreigners division from Jaisalmer House, Mansingh Road, New Delhi, to NDCC-II Building, Jai Singh Road, off Parliament Street, Near Jantar Mantar, New Delhi, will effect from April 4. Consequently, the OCI cell attached to the visa facilitation centre, also stands shifted to the new premises, states a press note.Persons of Indian (Goan) Origin who have taken up citizenship of foreign countries but are presently in Goa on long term visa, and are interested in obtaining the overseas Citizenship of India (OCI) status should submit their applications to the following address: The Under Secretary, OCI Cell, Foreigners Division, Ministry of Home Affairs, NDCC-II Building, Jai Singh Road, Off Parliament Street, Near Jantar Mantar, New Delhi - 110001.Garbage dumping by Anjuna p'yat upsets locals: The villagers of Anjuna on Thursday confronted the panchayat's sarpanch for dumping garbage near the football ground at Chinvar. The Anjuna panchayat had dug pits in survey No. 407/1 of Anjuna village and was dumping garbage in them. The locals objected to it as the site is near the football ground. Around 250 villagers confronted sarpanch Sandip Chimulkar and panch member Dinesh Patil and demanded an assurance that the panchayat will not dump garbage at the site. Chimulkar later assured the crowd that the activity will be immediately stopped and the issue will be discussed at the the gram sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12552828", "title": "State will take up age limit issue for juvenile delinquents: R R Patil", "text": "PUNE: The state government will take up the issue of lowering the age limit for juvenile delinquency with the central government, assured home minister R R Patil during his visit to the residence of family members of 15-year-old Shubham Shirke, who was murdered for ransom by three minors.Patil paid a surprise visit to the Dighi residence of the victim and assured the family of all possible help of taking stringent action against the suspects involved in the gruesome crime.Patil, who spend around 30 minutes with Shirke's parents, collected information about the incident. He was accompanied by deputy commissioner of police (Zone IV) Sanjay Jadhav, senior police inspector Motichand Rathod of the Vishrantwadi police station and others.On the demand made by the victim's family to appoint special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam in the case, Patil assured that he will hold a meeting with Nikam either on Monday or Tuesday for discussing the case before taking a final decision.Patil said that a new police chowkey at Dighi will be started in 15 day's time.Meanwhile, the Khadki cantonment court judicial magistrate first class Raje Bhosale on Thursday extended the police custody remand of arrested suspect Amit Nair (19) of Apte colony in Bhosari in Shirke's murder till April 7.Rathod produced Apte before the court, following expiry of his police custody remand on Thursday.Assistant public prosecutor M A Jamadar told the court that the custodial interrogation of the suspect was essential for collecting more information about the incident and for recovering the SIM card allegedly used for making phone calls in the crime.Jamadar argued that the suspect was involved in a serious crime and pleaded to give sufficient time to the police to tie up the loose ends.The court then extended Apte's custody for two days.eom/as", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12553787", "title": "Get to know about your city\u2019s e-governance", "text": "BANGALORE: You will soon get to know how your city scores when it comes to e-governance or better said, the relationship between the government and citizens through technology, particularly through websites. Janaagraha has launched the Urban G2C awards programme to benchmark city governments through e-governance and evaluate the performance.The jury will evaluate and rank websites of 28 Indian cities along with six international cities as global peer benchmarks, in order to recognize their relative performance in delivering citizen-centric services.The Indian cities include the four metros and Bangalore, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Pune, Chandigarh, Jaipur, Surat, Kanpur, Coimbatore and Thiruvananthapuram and the six international cities are New York , London , Singapore , Seoul , Johannesburg and Sydney .A panel of four headed by Sam Pitroda did the study of each city's government-to-citizen relationships through the government websites and also by doing surveys on citizen experiences.\"It is just to see how easily the citizens get in touch with their governing bodies and what kind of experience they have after such interactions. This award intends to rank governance improvement through technology, and e-governance is the only way to find that out,\" Swati Ramanathan, co-founder of Janaagraha, told TOI.She added that although there was a very low percentage of people using the government websites or even having the technological knowledge or access to e-governance, Janaagraha conducted surveys in urban localities and users of such websites to get their experience and assess the websites. \"We also tested the websites ourselves to find out how easy it is for an ordinary citizen to get any information or a work done or have an interaction with the government agency,\" she said.Ramesh Ramanathan, co-founder, Janaagraha, said: \"By including international cities in its ambit, the award also lends itself as a platform for sharing of global best practices in urban e-governance. The G2C awards stand out as a programme that doesn't just reward or recognize innovation and superlative efforts but instead shows the real outcomes of huge government expenditure and efforts on the lives of urban citizens.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12557091", "title": "Fresh talks for release of abducted MLA, Italian", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Fresh talks were held on Friday between the Odisha government and the Maoist mediators, a day after the government named the 27 jailed people to be freed in return for the release of BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka and Italian Paolo Bosusco taken hostage by two separate Naxal groups.However, the abductors of 37-year-old Laxmipur MLA and 54-year-old Italian were yet to respond to the announcement of the names of prisoners to be freed.While the three-member state government team was led by home secretary U N Behera, the two Maoist-nominated negotiators were B D Sharma and Dandapani Mohanty.The focus of discussion was to examine the names of persons whose release from jails would be facilitated, while 12 other points in the 13-point charter of demands put forward by the abductors of the Italian were also deliberated.Though it was not immediately clear what transpired during the talks, the need to speed up the process of the Italian's release was believed to have been emphasised by the government side, sources said.Sabyasachi Panda, secretary of Odisha State Organising Committee of CPI (Maoist), had in an audio message demanded immediate release from jail of seven persons, including his wife Subhashree Das alias Mili Panda for Bosusco's release.Subhashree's name figures in the list of four persons proposed to be freed for the release of Bosusco.Meanwhile, there was no word from the Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee of CPI (Maoist) which owned responsibility for the abduction of Hikaka, though it had extended the deadline for fulfilment of their demands till Saturday for the release the BJD MLA.A Maoist leader telephoned a section of the media yesterday, saying the deadline, which was to end last evening, had been extended till the evening of April 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12552237", "title": "Dispose e-waste with care or face action", "text": "NOIDA: With the E-waste (management and handling) Rules, 2011 coming into effect on May 1, the Regional Pollution Control Board has issued notices to more than 400 companies in Noida and Greater Noida to comply with it or face action. Not only companies, but even individuals will be required to dispose waste electronic material in collection centres that would be set up by companies dealing with such products. Considering the presence of a large number of bulk consumers like IT companies and MNCs in the district, the prospect of new businesses is also likely in terms of dismantling and recycling waste products.Following the enforcement of these rules, all MNCs, banks and educational institutes would be forced to comply with the provisions along with central and state government departments, public sector undertakings and international organizations operating in the twin cities.\"We have already sent notices to over 400 private organizations in the district to ensure compliance with the rules,\" said an official of the pollution board. \"We are in the process of chalking out a list of all government departments and educational institutes. Notices would also be sent to them to strictly comply with the rules,\" he added.As per rules, every company that manufactures and sells electronic products like mobile phones, laptops, headphones, radios, pagers, etc, has to set up a collection centre for the disposal of discarded items. \"The onus lies on the company to set up a collection centre and spread awareness among consumers through advertisements, public notices, etc, to refrain from selling waste products to ragpickers and kabadis and dispose the items at the collection centres. The pollution control board will monitor these collection centres,\" said the official.On the other hand, application of these rules has the potential to throw up new business opportunities in Noida and Greater Noida. A huge amount of e-waste generated in the district is generally sold scrap dealers, but it will now have to pass through a proper recycling process.\"Any business entity that wants to dismantle the products and segregate re-usable components can approach the pollution board,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12553239", "title": "Firozabad selected for smart grid", "text": "LUCKNOW: Firozabad, the city popularly known for glass, has been selected under the smart grid project in a bid to strengthen city's power distribution network. On Thursday, UP chief minister, Akhilesh Yadav gave his nod to the proposal of the Power Grid Corporation of India to take up the city on a pilot project basis.Corporation chairman, RN Nayak, during a meeting with Yadav proposed to take up selected few cities under the project. The CM in response asked him to come up with a detailed project report within 45 days. Nayak in his presentation showed the works done by the corporation in the last five years and what it seeks to do in the future.According to Nayak, the corporation has proposed to set up a joint venture with the UP transmission corporation to strengthen the transmission network of the state. UP CM asked the corporation to give a detailed proposal to this effect within 15 days so that a decision could be taken.Meanwhile, chairman of UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL), Avanish Awasthi asked the officials of HCL to coordinate with power authorities in removing anomalies in bill generation. During the inspection of Aashiana sub-station, Awasthi asked the officials to expedite the process of land acquisition in the state capital for construction of sub-stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12552877", "title": "ACs, coolers, fridges fly off the shelves", "text": "PATNA: With the onset of summer, Patnaites are busy gearing up to enjoy a cool-cool summer. Even increased sales tax on various gizmos that help beat the heat has not dampened their spirits. Branded and unbranded air-conditioners (ACs), coolers, invertors, refrigerators and fans have begun flying off the shelves even before the arrival of prickly heat, claim most of the shopkeepers of the city selling these items.\"As the paying capacity of people has increased, even the upper middle class has started opting for ACs because they know that coolers wouldn't be fully effective during this season,\" said Sanjeev, a salesman at a shop at Fraser road. He added, \"Split ACs are more in demand than the window ACs.Arif Khan, area manager, LG Electronics, didn't give any figures but told TOI, \"During March, the sale of ACs was much more than the corresponding period last year.\"Many of the shops are selling branded ACs on EMIs (equated monthly instalments). However, Arvind Kumar, a shopkeeper at Boring road, said, \"Most people prefer giving full payment now, while earlier EMI route was people's choice.\"For others though, branded coolers are as good as ACs. \"I don't want to burn a big hole in my pocket and feel that branded coolers too serve the purpose very well,\" said Hemant Jha, a customer.\"Branded coolers are available with three to four years warranty and since their price is almost half of ACs, people are buying them too,\" said Manish Kumar, a shopkeeper at Chandni Market.Non-branded coolers, available in a price range of Rs 2,000 to 4,500 (depending upon the capacity and size), are also in much demand among the lower class families and students staying in hostels. Pankaj Kumar, a shopkeeper at Chandni Market selling coolers, said, \"The sale of non-branded coolers is almost equal to that of branded ones.\"\"A local cooler also comes with at least one-year warranty, and as it is comparatively cheaper, I have gone for it,\" said one Rajesh Singh at the Chandni Market.Similarly, the sale of celestial, ceiling and table fans has also increased, Ashish Kumar, a shopkeeper at Boring road said, \"People who cannot afford ACs and coolers are buying either new or extra fans to beat the heat.\" The sale of branded and non-branded invertors has also picked up due to frequent power cuts.The trend in sale of refrigerators is also changing. Double-door refrigerators are now being preferred to single door ones. \"Double-door refrigerators are more in demand, as they are available by spending just Rs 3,000 to Rs 5, 000 more than the cost of single door refrigerators.\" said Sharik Khan, a shopkeeper at Exhibition road.Even the sale of earthen pots or 'surahi' has picked up. Raju, selling them near Patna GPO, said, \"Everyday I sell around 20 earthen pots. They are generally bought for office purpose or by people who cannot afford refrigerators.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12553397", "title": "Drug-resistant malaria spreading faster and wider", "text": "NEW DELHI: Malaria that is resistant to the drug of choice - Artemisinin, has now emerged along the Thailand-Myanmar border - 800km westward from where it was first confirmed in Cambodia in 2006.Artemisinin Combination Therapies (ACT) kills malaria parasite in a human bloodstream within 24 to 36 hours. With the drug-resistant strain, ACT needs up to 120 hours to kill the parasite.Since artemisinin-resistant malaria was confirmed in Cambodia, there has been a concerted international effort to control P falciparum malaria to prevent resistance spreading.New research published by The Lancet on Thursday saw the authors analysing data from patients in malaria clinics of the Shoklo Malaria Research Unit located along the northwestern border of Thailand treated between 2001 and 2010.\"Around 3202 patients were studied between 2001 and 2010. Parasite clearance half-lives lengthened from a mean of 2.6 hours in 2001 to 3.7 hours in 2010, compared with a mean of 5.5 hours in 119 patients in Western Cambodia between 2007-2010 . The proportion of slow-clearing infections , with a half life equal to or greater than 6.2 hours, increased from 0.6% in 2001 to 20% in 2010,\" said the study.The study was led by professor Francois Nosten and professor Nicholas White, faculty of Tropical Medicine, Bangkok and Centre for Tropical Medicine (Oxford University). The authors say, \"Genetically determined artemisinin resistance in P falciparum emerged along the Thailand-Myanmar border at least 8 years ago and has since increased substantially. At this rate, resistance will reach rates reported in western Cambodia in 2-6 years.\"India records 1.5 million cases of malaria every year, 50% of which are caused by the falciparum malaria. Officially , an estimated 18,000 die of malaria in the country.Expert warn with people travelling all the time, it's possible the drug resistant parasite will start to spread outside Thailand and Cambodia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551639", "title": "Jewellers seek CM\u2019s intervention", "text": "MUMBAI: With no end in sight to the deadlock between the Centre and jewellers over new taxes imposed in the Union budget, representatives of the All-India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation (AIGTF) on Thursday met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and sought his intervention in the matter.Owners of jewellery showrooms across the state have been on a strike for the past three weeks as part of a countrywide protest. Pradeep Mutha, an AIGTF representative, said their main demand was to keep jewellers out of the excise net. They also expressed concern over high Customs levy (4%).Mutha estimated the loss caused by the strike at around Rs 700 crore. Chavan reportedly assured the delegation of looking into the matter and discussing the same with the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12553434", "title": "Hooligans try to steal bus", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Panic gripped the busy Old Station square in Laxmisagar area on Bhubaneswar after two armed hooligans barged into a packed bus and manhandled its driver along with some passengers on Thursday.The accused, Sheikh Alin and Sheikh Sahid, both residents of Unit-III area, Bhubaneswar were arrested while they were trying to steal the empty bus after driving the passengers out of the vehicle. Sources said the miscreants were angry over the alleged rash driving of the bus driver. After escaping an accident near BJB College, the bike-borne accused chased the bus and intercepted it near the Old Station square. Eyewitnesses said the two men smashed the glass of the bus and beat up the driver, Akshay Pradhan.\"They terrorized the passengers and bystanders by brandishing sharp-edged weapons. Some passengers, who tried to rescue the driver, were manhandled,\" Sukant Hota, an eyewitness said. The hoodlums asked the frightened passengers to leave the bus. One of the accused hijacked the bus by keeping the driver on gun-point. \"They were caught near the Big Bazaar in Kharavel Nagar,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12552184", "title": "Decision on Buddha in three days, says Karat", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: CPM general secretary Prakash Karat asked reporters to wait for three more days to know the fate of Budhadeb Bhattacharjee and V S Achuthandan.Bhattacharjee is learnt to have asked the central leadership to keep him out of the politburo while V S is seeking a re-entry to the party's heighest decision-making body.\"You can put all rumours to rest after three days,\" Karat said when asked about whether Bhattacharjee and VS will be in the new politburo. \"I got a letter from Comrade Bhattacharjee explaining his inability to attend the party congress due to continuing health problem. He can't take a long travel from Kolkatta to Kozhikode.The letter was discussed in the Central Committee and the CC decided to grant him leave of absence,\" Karat said while briefing the media about the day's proceedings in the CPM party congress. He also said Bhattacherjee had a long chat with him on the party congress when they had last met.To a question why the central leadership failed to intervene during the crisis at Singur and Nandigram, Karat said the two issues needed to be viewed separately. \"In Nandigram, no land was acquired. There was only a plan and apprehensions of locals led to the problem. In Singur, 80% of the people were happy with the rehabilitation package. Only 20% raised objection and at that time we couldn't estimate that it would grow as such a big issue,'' said Karat.According to Karat, efforts of the party to contain factionalism yielded some result. \"During the last two or three editions of the Congress, there were harsh criticism on factionalism in the organizational report. This time, we haven't focused it as a major issue,'' he said.The CPM general secretary once again made public his support to the proposed amendment in the party constitution to limit the tenure of secretaries in the party to three. He said that was one way to rejuvenate and renew the party cadres and bring more people to the leadership. \"Earlier when most of our leaders were in jail or in underground, we needed continuity in leadership. Now, the situation has changed and the party has more than 10 lakh members. There should be institutionalized efforts for change,'' said Karat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12552721", "title": "Vegetable prices tumble, fruits become costly in city", "text": "INDORE: Even though the prices of vegetables subsided in the city, after a surge, it is the fruits that became unaffordable for the commonman.Prices of fruits including of mango , banana, apple, grapes and orange are skyrocketing. The Sinduri variety of mango, which falls under the least category of popularity among its connoisseurs, is being sold at Rajwada vegetable mart at Rs 60 per kg. Same is the case of apple that is ruling a price of Rs 120 per kg at the market. Similarly, pomegranates are available at Rs 100 per kg. Grapes also come under the costly fruit category now.Only seasonal fruits like watermelon and papaya, which are supposed to be of high nutritious value, are the only fruit varieties available at reasonable rates. Watermelons, which are coming from Raipur (deep green) and Bangalore (light green), are being sold at city's vegetable markets at Rs 15 per kg.Cucumber, the most preferred natural coolant during summer, is arriving from Narmada basin and is more in demand. It is sold under Rs 40 per kg and papaya is available at Rs 20 per kg.Hira Nath, a vegetable vendor at Rajwada for decades, believes that the vegetables are cheaper now and further decline is unlikely, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12553259", "title": "FIR against litigant for furnishing fake affidavit", "text": "KANPUR: Furnishing a false affidavit before the court proved dear to a litigant named as Ashok Kesarwani in a civil case, when additional district and sessions judge Vijay Laxmi rejected his application and directed to lodge an FIR against him.The judge observed that applicant Ashok Kesarwani had stated a lie against his own admission made in the application. The applicant had moved an application under Section 340 CrPC with wrong and incorrect allegations. His application is liable to be rejected and application of Malti Keswarwani liable to be allowed, the judge observed.The cause of litigation was sarvarakarship of a trust named as Sri Thakur Radha Krishnaji Maharaj Virajman Mandir. The applicant had claimed that trust was created in 1934 and his father Sharda Prasad Kesarwani was sarvarkar of the trust. Ashok claimed that his father had appointed him sarvarkar of the trust by a registered deed executed in September 2003,Defendant Malti Kesarwani objected the declaration of sarvarkarship of her brother and claimed that Ashok had misused the power of attorney given by her father for pairokari of civil litigation. Her father had made a will and appointed her a sarvarkar of the trust and since her father's death she was looking the affairs of the trust.She had also moved an application in the court to punish Ashok Kesarwani under Section 340 CrPC for submitting a false affidavit in the court. Section 340 CrPC has a provision to punish the guilty person who furnishes wrong affidavit based on false facts.In his affidavit, Ashok Kesarwani had stated that he had incorporated amendments in the application as per direction of the court. But the fact was that he had neither made any amendment in his petition in stipulated time nor moved any other application for incorporation of amendments. He manipulated the amendments later on which he had admitted in another application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12552194", "title": "Govt Struggles With Fare Riddle", "text": "KOLKATA: Autorickshaws did not become unruly in a day. The government and its arms - police and public vehicles department - and the local union dadas helped them grow into what they are. The government should have come up with a fare chart for autos nine years ago when it amended a key rule but it did not.The then Left Front administration gave autos permits, specified their routes, but inexplicably stayed quiet on fixing fares.The amendment of Rule 120 of the West Bengal Motor Vehicles Rules in 2003 provided for auto fares to be determined by the state government. But state officials sat on the amendment, pointing to a legal dispute as auto owners initially did not agree to the government's specifying auto routes.Calcutta Howrah Auto Owners' Association moved Calcutta high court against the government in 2010. The court upheld the government's decision to \"regulate autos\", thus removing the uncertainty over the legal status of autos registered as contract carriages.The Left Front government had no reason to overlook its responsibility of fixing auto fares after the court ruling. But it did. For nine years the administration was silent as auto unions arbitrarily fixed fares and auto drivers hiked it as and when they wished. A trip that cost Rs 5 in the morning could well cost Rs 7 in the evening without any explanation.Finally, the rowdism by auto operators on the first two days of the week forced the government's hands. Transport minister Madan Mitra directed the public vehicles department (PVD) to work out a fare chart for autos, 18 years after the first batch of autos started plying in city routes in 1983-84.\"The distance covered and the daily fuel consumption will be the two prime criteria for the fare chart. We will set up an expert panel to do the calculations with the operation and maintenance costs on one side and the revenue earned each auto earns a day based on a trip carrying not more than four passengers. Trade union representatives will also be in the committee. I am already in touch with trade unions and transport experts. The government will consider the committee's recommendation before announcing the fares,\" Mitra said.Apart from fixing fares, the government plans to reorganise routes, give sanction to new routes, if necessary, and also take steps against autos illegally run in the city routes. \"I have nothing against autos. But all of the operators have to comply with the law of the land. Let them come forward with proper registration and licence. We cannot allow this mess to continue,\" the transport minister said on Thursday.The task is easier said than done. The PVD recognises only 10,159 auto rickshaws on 125 routes within the city area whereas it is common knowledge that the number of illegal autos could be twice as high (some say as many as 25,000). In order to identify autos that do not have route permits, the government will make it mandatory for them to display identity cards inside the autos. This ID cards will have the driver's licence and route permit so that police can distinguish them from unauthorised autos, the minister said.Mitra made it clear that auto drivers won't be allowed to take more than four passengers.But the route boundaries and four-a-trip norm are blatantly flouted. It is common to see uniformed policemen travelling as the fifth passengers on the Jadavpur-EM Bypass connector route (it's not known whether it is a recognised route). Autos on the Taratalla-Tollygunge Phari route regularly extend it to Rabindra Sarobar Metro station without clearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12557597", "title": "Hackers targeting smartphone users in China: Report", "text": "BEIJING: China's over billion mobile phones users could become the \"main target\" for hacker attacks, an official network security report said.Mobile phone users in China, the largest in the world, will be hackers' main target in the future, China's National Computer Network Emergency Response Technical Team said.About 7.12 million internet-capable smartphones were infected with malicious programs in 2011 and the number has been increasing rapidly, it said.The team found and terminated 6,249 malicious programs last year, more than twice as many as in 2010, it said.Hackers often designed software and applications to destroy mobile phone systems to get users' personal information, taking remote control of them and stealing bank account information or passwords, the report said.More than 1,317 of the malicious programs were used to charge cell phone users fraudulent fees, the report said, adding that it is hackers' source of money.According to the report, Nokia's Symbian and Google's Android mobile phone systems were targeted by hackers last year and the number of malicious applications aimed at the latter continues to grow.Aside from mobile phones, social websites and online forums, which collect significant user information, have also become easy prey for hackers, the report said.Hackers take advantage of poor network security to steal users' information and then sell their \"booty\" to transaction websites, which causes serious losses to netizens, the report said.\"Nowadays, almost everyone has a cell phone mainly used for surfing the Internet, which offers hackers tremendous financial opportunities,\" said Wang Minghua, deputy director of the operation department in the team.Meanwhile, the Chinese government has announced that it is drafting instructions for business houses on how to collect online information.Guidelines will be released this year instructing businesses to collect personal information only when absolutely necessary and to delete it immediately after use.The non-binding guidelines, designed to protect online personal data, are pending final approval of Cabinet, state-run China Daily reported.Private information includes identity, property interests, family data, e-mails, browser history and search behavior, Qi Xiangdong, president of Qihoo 360 Technology Co, an online security software maker said.China's internet population has hit 513 million, the largest in the world, according to a China Internet Network Information Center report in January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12553124", "title": "City has no legal agreement to draw water", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is not in a position to initiate legal action against the state irrigation department so as to stake its claim on an additional quota of water available in the four dams as the official agreement between the two semi-government bodies over sharing of water has expired two years ago.\"The agreement between the PMC and the irrigation department ended in August 2010. Nearly two years have passed, but it has not been renewed,\" Vishwas Sahastrabuddhe, an activist of the Sajag Nagrik Manch, told TOI. Sahastrabuddhe had filed an application under the Right to Information ( RTI) Act seeking the latest copy of the water sharing agreement between the two organisations. He was supplied the copy of the agreement which had ended in August 2010 and was informed that the process to renew the contract was still on.\"Every other day, we read in the newspapers that PMC officials and elected members are pressing for more quota of water for the city. But on what basis will they get extra quota of water when they have not even bothered to renew the water sharing agreement,\" he said, pointing out that as per the old agreement, the PMC is eligible to claim just 11.5 TMC water.S N Bolbhat, executive engineer, Khadakwasla irrigation division, admitted that the water sharing agreement has not been renewed. \"In the case of private users, we stop their water supply if the contract is not renewed. But this case pertains to a municipal corporation. We have not stopped the supply as we do not want the citizens to suffer.\"PMC's water department chief V G Kulkarni said the state irrigation department had sent a draft to the PMC for renewing the contract around a year ago. \"It was discussed in the general body meeting of the PMC. Some of the corporators wanted some changes in the water charges suggested by the irrigation department in the draft. Also, the GB decided that considering the growth in the population and expansion of the city the annual water quota be increased to 15.92 TMC from the earlier 11.5 TMC.\"Kulkarni said the draft, along with the revised water rates and demand for additional water, was sent to the irrigation department around six months ago. \"We are awaiting their approval to the changes in the draft agreement,\" he added.\"The decision about increasing the annual quota of water is taken by the state cabinet. By the month end, we will communicate our stand to the government on this demand. It is after the state's approval the water sharing agreement can be effected,\" Bolbhat said.However, the irrigation department is considering a tough stand on the issue. A V Surve, superintending engineer, Pune irrigation circle, told TOI, \"According to the national water supply norms every person must get 175 litre of water per day. Thus, according to these norms, 40 lakh citizens in Pune city should get 700 million litre of water per day (MLD). Currently, the daily water consumption in Pune city is around 1,250 MLD, which is nearly double than the norm. The PMC is still demanding more water. We will communicate the PMC's demand and our views on it to the state government. The cabinet will take a final call on this matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12557574", "title": "Dhanush\u2019s director turns hero", "text": "Director Subramania Siva, who has given the hit film Thiruda Thirudi with Dhanush, and then went on to make films like Seedan and Pori, says that he is bitten by the acting bug. The young Director is getting ready to don the greasepaint and has titled the film as Ulogam.Revealing about this film, Subramania Siva says that it is based on the novel by Jayamohan and the novelist himself has penned the dialogues. The first schedule of Ulogam has been completed, added Subramania Siva.The director-turned-actor said that the second schedule of Ulogam will begin next week. On the genre, he said that it is an action film that will be interesting for the audiences.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12552815", "title": "Robbers kill one in Dahod", "text": "VADODARA: One person was killed in a robbery conducted at a village in Dahod district on Wednesday night. The gang killed a man of the family who was targeted because he tried to stand up to robbers despite being warned.The gang - believed to be of six people - had struck at the residence of Soma Bhuriya in Raliyati village of Dahod taluka.The gang had struck at around 11 pm when the family was asleep. Three members of the family were sleeping inside the house, while five others were outside it.Three members of the gang armed with sticks and sharp-edged weapons threatened those sleeping outside and asked them not to move. Three others entered the house to conduct the robbery.Soma's brother Samshu, who was sleeping outside, tried to stand up. One of the robbers saw this and stabbed him in the abdomen with a sharp-edged weapon killing him.The gang also robbed Rs 1,500 and a cellular phone that were with Samshu. Dahod police have registered an offence and are conducting investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12553112", "title": "Southern Tamil Nadu prepares for 'Holy Week'", "text": "MADURAI: The Christian community in this region will observe the entire week as Holy Week, as many important rituals are falling during this period. The Holy Week, the culmination of the Lent Season of 40 days' fasting, will come to an end with Easter Sunday, which celebrates the resurrection of Jesus Christ. The week will start with Palm Sunday symbolising the ceremonial welcome of Christ as the Saviour of the people, at whose hands he had to suffer initially.This Thursday, also called Maundy Thursday, saw all churches having special ceremonies observing the 'Last Supper', enacting the event from the Bible where Jesus had his last meals with his disciples. There will also be special ceremonies and adoration in the churches. On Friday, Good Friday , people will commemorate the death of Jesus with special services such as 'Veneration of the Cross', in Catholic church while it will be 'Cross Meditation' in the CSI. There will be no celebrations during Saturday while Easter celebrations will start by Saturday night at 11 pm in Catholic churches, called 'Night Vigil Mass'. The Night Vigil will have ceremonies like blessing of fire, water. Christians will renew their baptismal oath during the service. At CSI churches, the celebrations will start by 4.30 am with a holy communion.\"Unlike the joyous celebrations of Christmas, the Holy Week observance will be very pious and contemplative. We will be spending the next two days entirely in the church , mourning the death of Jesus and his victorious resurrection on the third day, Easter Sunday,\" James Lourduraj of St Mary's parish said. \"We have observed Lent season in a strict manner and will offer our prayers on the next two days during the Holy Week. Easter, though not very grand, will be joyous for us and the family,\" C Pradeep Kumar from CSI Cathedral Parish said.\"Holy Week and Easter symbolises that after pain and suffering comes joy. Easter symbolises that there is hope after every suffering and people should not be discouraged by the struggles in life. This is the message for this season,\" Jebamalai Raja, rector of St Mary's Church, said. \"Holy Week is the time of prayer and Easter comes with the message that God is always with us in spite of pain and suffering. Easter comes with the joy of hope in life,\" Thasyan, pastoral committee chairman of CSI Cathedral, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "12553167", "title": "Teenage rebel lays down arms in Jajpur", "text": "KENDRAPADA: A teenage Maoist cadre surrendered in Jajpur district on Thursday. Tipila Hesa (17) laid down arms in the presence of DIG (central) D S Kuttey and SP (Jajpur) Deepak Kumar. She was involved in the attack on Daitari police station, kidnapping of a police officer, Umesh Marandi, and several other Maoist-related crimes in Jajpur and Keonjhar districts, Kuttey said.\"Maoists are inducting children in their cadres to use them as a shield against security forces during anti-Maoist operations. Many children from my village and its neighbouring areas were attracted towards Maoists after we watched them dance and sing in our villages,\" said Tipila.She will be rehabilitated under the rehabilitation scheme for rebels, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12554052", "title": "District gears up to fight H1N1", "text": "HUBLI: In the wake of an H1N1 outbreak in Bangalore, which is said to have claimed two lives, most hospitals in the district are taking steps to provide immediate treatment to suspected H1N1 cases.Fear of contracting the H1N1 virus has gripped the people in the city. In 2009, a few people were down with this flu, but fortunately got cured. The district has not registered any deaths when the flu spread two years ago.Learn a lessonIn 2009, when H1N1 spread, many hospitals found it difficult to treat patients admitted with symptoms of H1N1, due to non-availability of tablets. Learning a lesson, most hospitals including private hospitals have taken precautionary measures to deal with situation if H1N1 outbreaks in the district.Speaking to TOI, NM Angadi, district health officer, said, \"Clear instructions have been given to all primary health centres to create awareness about H1N1, its symptoms and how to keep their surroundings clean. We have supplied sufficient Tamiflu tablets to all taluk health centres in Dharwad.\"\"We have issued instructions to all hospitals to be ready with tablets and other necessary things,\" he said.Take all measures\"So for, no case of H1N1 has been reported from any part of the region but we have taken all precautionary measures in the district. We have sufficient Tamiflu tablets in the district to treat the patients,\" he told The Times of India.Besides, the isolation ward with four beds has been set up in the District Civil Hospital and even some private hospitals in district have made arrangements to treat H1N1 patients.Vasanth Kamath, director, Karnatak Institute of Medical Sciences Hospital, Hubli, said, \"Till today, no case of H1N1 has been reported in the hospital. In order to provide immediate treatment for H1N1 patients, we have already set up an isolation ward with 20 beds, especially for H1N1 patients.\"There is also sufficient stock of masks and tablets to treat patients. \"If people come across symptoms like sneezing, cough, flu, they should immediately contact doctors to get treated,\" Kamath said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12552812", "title": "CPM wants to forget criticism for Left unity", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The CPM in West Bengal seems to be in a tight spot. On one hand it is yet to recover from the criticisms leveled by Left Front partners for losing the Bengal assembly poll. On the other hand it wants to maintain Left unity.The political and organizational report presented in the 20th party congress talks about how some Left Front partners joined hands with political foes to attack the CPM.\"After the electoral debacle in West Bengal, there have been discordant voices among the Left Front partners. Some have publicly blamed the CPM for the poll debacle. Such criticisms are being leveled at a time when there is a severe attack on the CPM with the large number of comrades getting killed,\" the report noted.The party has advised its cadres to face criticism patiently so that Left unity is maintained. Referring to issues within the Left Front during the Singur and Nandigram struggles, the report notes that there were differences of opinion only in Bengal.\"The national level coordination continued without any difficulties,\" notes the report. The report also stresses the need to improve ties between the CPM and CPI not only at the national level but at the state level too. \"It is crucial to strengthen and broaden Left unity,\" says the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12553230", "title": "Naveen names prisoners to walk free", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government on Thursday made public the names of 27 people, including at least eight Maoists and top rebel Sabyasachi Panda's wife Subhashree, who it wants to exchange for abducted Italian Bosusco Paolo and Laxmipur legislator Jhina Hikaka. It is still unclear whether Maoists will accept the swap deal or press for more.\"The Odisha government will take necessary legal steps of facilitating the release of a total of 27 persons,\" chief minister Naveen Patnaik told the state Assembly while declaring the names. \"The state government has made this gesture on humane grounds. I do hope the Maoists will reciprocate in a similar spirit and release the honourable MLA and also the Italian national immediately,\" he added. Those to be freed include six women.Over an hour before Naveen announced the names, the Andhra-Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC) of CPI (Maoist), which abducted Hikaka from near Toyaput on the Koraput-Laxmipur road on March 23 night, informed media persons about its decision to extend the April 5 deadline by two days for the government to concede to its demands to ensure the lawmaker's release. \"We have extended the deadline from April 5 to April 7. Once the government declares the names of those it would set free, we will examine and decide,\" a woman, who identified herself as Aruna and said she was representing AOBSZC leader Jagabandhu, told TOI over the phone.Naveen said the state government will facilitate release of Subhashree alias Mili, Arati Majhi, Suka Nachika and Chakra Tadingi to secure freedom for Paolo, who the Sabyasachi-led Odisha State Organising Committee of CPI (Maoist) kidnapped along with another Italian, Claudio Colangelo, from the forests on the Kandhamal-Ganjam border on March 14. The guerillas had let off Colangelo on March 25 through a group of journalists and, after days of talks through mediators B D Sharma and Dandapani Mohanty, pared down their demands from 13 to three, including release of seven persons in prisons. Subhashree, who was arrested in January, 2010, is accused in four cases, while police has booked Arati in six cases, Suka (a relative of Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangha president Nachika Linga) and Chakra in one case each.For Hikaka's release, the government has decided to free eight Maoists (six from Odisha and two from Andhra Pradesh) and 15 activists of CMAS, which the government says is a Maoist frontal outfit. The eight Maoists are: Narsi Kendruka, Joruka Kendruka, Murla Neelam Reddy and his wife Setu Pangi (all four are in Koraput jails) and Deba Madhi, Ganga Sodi, Bhima Padiami and Mangaraj Darua (all four in Malkangiri jails). Murla Neelam Reddy and his wife Setu Pangi are from Andhra Pradesh, Naveen said.CMAS activists who would walk free are Rupuni Sirika, Miniaka Sandal, Miniaka Jama, Saura Kartasiya, Nachika Suba, Wadeka Diba, Rabi Tadingi, Dhana Hantal, Dora Hantal, Ramesh Nachika, Huluku Kesaba, Ina Tadingi, Rupana Huluka, Argu Sirika and Bijay Tadingi. Sources said other than Bijay Tadingi, who is lodged in Berhampur jail, others are housed in prisons in Koraput.AOBSZC had demanded release of all 'political prisoners' (numbering around 70) lodged in various jails of Koraput and Malkangiri districts besides freeing Suka Nachika, Chakra and Bijay housed at Berhampur jail, in exchange for Hikaka.The government, official sources said, did not agree to Sabyasachi's demand to free CMAS advisor Gananath Patra, Kamalakanta Sethy and his wife Sujatha and Sudarshan Mandal, among others. The AOBSZC, too, had sought release of Patra, who earlier this week evinced interest to mediate between Maoists and government. Patra was arrested in January, 2010, and is booked in at least five cases of rioting, dacoity and attempt to murder. Police apprehended Kamalakanta and Sujatha in 2008; the couple is accused in five cases, including the attack on Nayagarh in February, 2008. Mandal is slapped with six cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12552438", "title": "Logistics seminar ahead of Emerging Kerala meet", "text": "KOCHI: As a curtain-raiser to the Emerging Kerala meet to be held in September, the Kerala State Productivity Council and the logistics major Falcon Infrastructures Limited will hold a seminar on opportunities in logistics and supply chain management.The seminar is expected to draw over 600 participants from India and abroad, the organizers said. Sessions on the latest trends in logistics, discussions, business-to-business meets, audiovisual presentations and the like are planned. The organizers pointed out that while Kerala has made major strides in service sectors like tourism, IT and healthcare, the state has not fully capitalized on its potential in logistics sector. With the launch of the Vallarpadam International Transshipment Container Terminal, exciting growth opportunities have dawned upon the state. With the exception of the founding of a couple of freight stations, no other investment worth mentioning has happened in the state so far.Against this background, the seminar will bring existing growth opportunities in the logistics sector to light, thereby creating new pathways for investment for global investors.Organizations like KSIDC, KINFRA, Department of Ports and Dubai Ports World will be supporting the seminar.The seminar, which will debate the theme 'New Trends in Logistics - Gateway to Fast-track Prosperity' will be held at the CIAL Trade Fair Centre at Nedumbassery near Kochi from July 13 to 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12553309", "title": "Ganga warriors prepare agenda for April 17 NGRBA meet", "text": "VARANASI: While the Save Ganga Movement under the banner of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam with the sole ambition of clean and uninterrupted flow of water in the Ganga is attracting public participation, those associated with the movement have also prepared their agenda for the proposed meeting of the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) scheduled on April 17.It may be mentioned here that succumbing to the pressure of fast unto death by Swami Gyan Swaroop Sanand (Prof GD Agrawal), the Central government promised to hold a meeting of NGRBA on April 17 to discuss all aspects and concerns related to the Ganga. The government also agreed to invite seven special invitees including Swami Sanand and Swami Avimekteshwaranad Saraswati, the convener of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam in the proposed meeting.Besides drafting the agenda, the Ambhiyanam has also prepared a list of special invitees to the meeting. The agenda and the list of invitees would be sent to the government. \"We will disclose the names of proposed invitees and the points of agenda later,\" Swami Avimukteshwaranand told TOI on Thursday. However, the Abhiyanam had already made their main demands public through an open letter to the Prime Minister on January 3. Their main demands included immediate ban on construction work on all hydel projects on the main streams of the Ganga, check on the misuse of funds in the name of conservation of the Ganga and enactment of the bill to ensure respect, status and management of the National River.The government had promised to stop the construction works on the Ganga to make Swami Sanad end his fast. But, the promise was not fulfilled, said Swami Avimukteshwaranand adding that the situation was being assessed critically before the proposed meeting.Meanwhile, people belonging to different communities continued to meet Swami Avimukteshwarand on Kedar Ghat with the promise to extend full support to the cause of the Ganga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12551866", "title": "Four injured as tree branch crashes", "text": "HYDERABAD: Four persons suffered grievous injuries when the branch of a decades-old tree fell on them near Sarojini Devi eye hospital at Mehdipatnam on Thursday.Humayun Nagar inspector P Madhukar Swamy said four persons -- Danush, Prakash, Ahmed and Owais - suffered bleeding injuries and were shifted to Osmania General Hospital. They were out of danger.At around 7.30 pm, a branch of the age-old tree snapped and crashed on a Tata Indica car of Yellow Taxi service parked near the hospital. Two persons, who were near the cab, and two others who were standing close by suffered injuries, the Humayun Nagar police said.``All of a sudden, the branch fell on the car and the four bystanders. The car suffered major damages. The injured were immediately shifted to the OGH, where two persons were treated as out-patients and discharged, while the other two are undergoing treatment,'' Humayun Nagar sub-inspector A Adi Reddy said.Immediately after the incident, locals rushed to the rescue of the victims and pulled them from underneath the branch. Due to the incident, traffic movement on the arterial road came to a halt for a while.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12551703", "title": "Suspended NCP man held for gun threat", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Suspended NCP leader Nitin Parab was on Thursday arrested by the Raigad district police on charges of threatening the tehsildar of Roha with a gun.Parab was picked up from the Khalapur toll plaza early on Thursday and remanded in police custody till April 7. The police also seized his licensed gun and vehicle.Parab allegedly threatened the tehsildar on Sunday night while the official was inspecting a sand mining site, triggering protests from tehsildars and other government officials in Raigad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12553216", "title": "Kanpur University private exam from April 12", "text": "KANPUR: The authorities of Chhatrapti Shahuji Maharaj University are gearing up for conducting the examinations for the private students. These students are those for whom classes are either held in the evening or else they do self study. The private examinations are commencing from April 12 and continue till May 27. The university has made available the admit cards on its website www.kanpuruniversity.org. Nearly 1.75 lakh student would appear in the private examinations.The students can download the admit cards from the university website. They can also receive it from their respective colleges. After logging into the webpage of CSMU, the students are required to click on link 'admit card for private examination'. For downloading the admit card, the examinees are required to mention their class, course in which they are studying and application token number.From April 10, the admit cards of BA III could be downloaded from the website.Meanwhile, on Thursday the university website was not functioning smoothly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551661", "title": "Elite varsities keen to welcome Mumbai teen", "text": "MUMBAI: For many students his age, getting into a reputable international university is a tall order. But it is not so for Santa Cruz resident Shreyam Desai, who is spoilt for choice. Of the 11 universities he has applied to, the 18-year-old has got acceptance letters from 10, including London School of Economics , Stanford and Berkeley, and has become the object of envy in his class.An IB Level II student of Podar International School in Santa Cruz, Shreyam will appear for his final exams in May. \"We were surprised as well as happy when the letters (for graduation offers) kept coming our way, one after another. He juggles work and play very well and never has to be told to do anything,\" said Hitesh Desai, Shreyam's father.After several brainstorming sessions, Shreyam has finally zeroed in on Stanford University . \"The resources offered by the university in the field of economics are better than provided by others. We study books on the subject written by professors who teach at Stanford,\" he said.While economics is his favourite, Shreyam says he also likes mathematics and political science. And what does he want to be in life? \"I hope I get to study whatever is required to become a politician one day.\"Shreyam moved to India from the US with his family four years ago in view of his grandfather's health. \"As I don't have any siblings, we had no option but to relocate to India. It took us a while to convince our son to shift. However, thanks to the support he got from his school, he got along very well with his batchmates,\" added Desai.\"He scores well in school too. It makes me so proud to see a student who is fairly new to the city and the school, but has settled down so well,\" said Vandana Lulla, principal of Podar International School. \"I'm sure his intelligence and leadership skills will help him achieve his goal,\" said the father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "12552011", "title": "Another King Cobra rescued in Sattari", "text": "KERI: Members of the Animal Rescue Squad, Bicholim, rescued another King Cobra at Hivre-Sattari on Thursday.The King Cobra was spotted near a local, seasonal distillery unit and was resting inside a cashew plantation.This is the second incident in the first week of April, wherein a 13 ft long King Cobra has been caught by Amrut Singh along with members of the Animal Rescue Squad. On April 2, a 12 ft long King Cobra was caught by Amrut Singh in the Rustic Farm of Thane -Dongurli. Both these villages are near the Mhadei Wildlife Sanctuary in Sattari. On receiving information from Ramkrishna Gaonkar, Amrut Singh rushed to the spot and caught the King Cobra in a property belonging to Babi Gaonkar.The Mhadei Wildlife Sanctuary is a natural habitat of this large venomous snake. It is the only snake whose female is capable of building a nest for laying 20-25 eggs in the summer. Encroachment done on a large scale on the pristine evergreen forest cover in the sanctuary areas has resulted in disturbing the King Cobra from its natural habitat and forcing it to come near horticulture fields. King Cobras prefer to live inside bamboo groves enriched by perennial water sources in the forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12553580", "title": "India, Israel commit to academic research programme", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a bid to strengthen academic research India and Israel have decided to launch a joint programme to the tune of $5 million from both sides annually over a three-year period. The broader contours of the long-term programme were agreed upon during a meeting between HRD minister Kapil Sibal , who is currently on a visit to Israel, and Israeli leaders.During the meeting \"both the countries have agreed in principle to establish a long-term programme that will bring together Indian and Israeli researchers to carry forward research in areas of mutual interests,\" an official statement here said. Sibal met Israeli finance minister Yuval Steinitz, minister for education and chairman of the council for higher education Gideon Sa'ar and Israel's chairman of the planning and budgeting committee Manuel Trajtenberg, it said.Officials in the HRD ministry said both sides have agreed that the academic programme will be coordinated by UGC on the Indian side and the Israel Science Foundation for Tel Aviv. Sibal's visit coincides with the 20th anniversary of full diplomatic ties between Israel and India during which economic relations have deepened and innovation has become a shared value and goal of the two countries.A joint working group has identified the broad areas for cooperation in renewable and sustainable energies, bio-medical sciences, cyber-security, humanities and social sciences, the statement added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12551056", "title": "Toll rises to 13 in Naxal blast", "text": "NAGPUR: The toll in the Pustola blast in Naxal-affected Gadchiroli, where rebels had blown up a minibus ferrying Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) last week, has gone up to 13. Critically injured jawan Nayan Jyoti Nikhad, who had been rushed to a private hospital in the city after the incident, was declared dead on Wednesday evening. He had suffered serious brain injuries. Nikhad, a native of Assam, was part of the 192 battalion.On the day of the blast, 11 CRPF jawans heading to Fulbodi Gatta for a civic action programme had died on the spot, leaving another 28 injured. One jawan had died on his way to Nagpur. Nikhad's body has been flown to his native place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12552674", "title": "City all set to celebrate Hanuman Jayanti today", "text": "INDORE: The city is all set to celebrate Hanuman Jayanti with traditional gaiety and fervour as large number of devotees are expected to throng Hanuman temples across the city to offer prayers on Friday.On the occasion, processions will be taken out from various temples. To celebrate the birth of Lord Hanuman, city's famous temples such as Ranjit Hanuman temple, Veer Hanuman temple, Vankhandi Hanuman temple and others will witness huge turnout of devotees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12551613", "title": "3 doctors duped with cheap iPhone offer", "text": "NEW DELHI: The bait was irresistible - new iPhones with a mobile connection at half the price - but the doctors who bit it didn't realise they were hooked till it was too late. The three wasted weeks waiting for their phones to arrive; giving the cheat ample time to get away.In their complaint to police on Tuesday, the three doctors working at RML Hospital reported that a man claiming to represent a leading mobile services company visited them at the hospital OPD and offered them new iPhones at half price. While the doctors agreed to buy the phones cash down - paying him Rs 44,000 within 24 hours - the phones were not delivered, and they could not contact him on the number or the address he gave them.Doctor Devashish Kaushal's complaint states that the man, who identified himself as Vaibhaw Saxena, came to his office in the OPD building late in the evening.\"The representative told the doctors he worked with a leading mobile company and showed his office identity card before offering to provide them new connections with Apple iPhones at discount rates,\" a police source said.The complainant told police that one of his doctor colleagues made a spot payment of Rs11,000 for an iPhone3 GS (retail price Rs 21,000). Another colleague, Dr Pankaj, was not carrying enough cash so the agent agreed to collect it the next day. When the man visited them again a day later, Dr Devashish, too, decided to buy an iPhone 4 (retail price Rs 38,000) for Rs 22,000, while Dr Pankaj gave Rs 11,000, as promised.That was the last the doctors saw of the rogue agent, who left them with a promise to return with their phones at the earliest. Dr Pankaj tried calling the agent's number after some days, but it was not available, and has remained so.The doctors also enquired at the address the man had left but his landlady told them he had moved out.Police say similar cases have been reported over the last few weeks and the man who duped the doctors could be part of a group targeting doctors and businessmen with promises of expensive gadgets at discount rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12555826", "title": "Bhushan Kumar on Abhijeet's allegation", "text": "...says he does not have rights to the Housefull songThis newspaper had reported that singer Abhijeet has filed a case in the Mumbai High Court against Housefull 2 producer Sajid Nadiadwala, music composers Sajid-Wajid and T-Series head honcho Bhushan Kumar for allegedly lifting a tune from his music album Tere Bina and using it in the sequel to Housefull.Abhijeet claims the tune in Do you know from Housefull 2 is a rip-off of one of his songs from Tere Bina called Mujhe kanahiya kaha karo. Even with Housefull 2 releasing this Friday, Abhijeet is hell bent on taking the team to court for alleged infringement of copyright.Interestingly though, there is a twist in the tale, as Mirror can now tell you. Incidentally, T-Series has copyrights of the same album Abhijeet is talking about.Bhushan Kumar thundered, \"I think yeh bevkoofi wali baat hai. The song Mujhe kanahiya kaha karo from Tere Bina is with T-series so I have the right to give it to anyone I want to, and in any format. There have been many examples in the recent past where I have given songs like Hawa Hawai to Shaitaan, Oye Oye to Double Dhamaal etc. No music director has come up and claimed copyright. We are the copyright owners of all these songs. First of all there is no similarity between Abhijeet's song and the Housefull 2 song and even if he feels there is, I have the rights, so there is no question of him claiming anything.\"Meanwhile, Abhijeet refused to bow down saying, \"I am not denying the fact that T. Series has the rights as I had made and sold the album to them. My whole issue is they have all possible rights to give my song wherever they wish and in any format, but not without my name. Why would I agree to the music piece being credited to Sajid-Wajid? The fact of the matter is they took the base of my song and made a very bad track out of it. Whenever I hear it, my blood boils. I will fight it out.\" On their part, Sajid-Wajid, who sounded equally irritated, told us, \"This is a cheap publicity stunt and nothing more. The most important fact is that Abhijeet does not even have the rights and is trying to get mileage out of it. The whole episode has left a bad taste in our mouth, especially since he is very senior and we respect him. All his allegations are baseless.\"Here are the Videos of both the songs, is this plagiarism or not? You decide!Housefull 2: Do U KnowCheck VideoMujhe Kanhaiya Kaha Karo: AbhijeetCheck Video", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551657", "title": "Two women \u2018dupe\u2019 50 investors of Rs 94L, held", "text": "MUMBAI: Two women have been arrested for allegedly duping 50 investors of Rs 94 lakh with double-your-money schemes. Sheryu Dharekar (36) and Sangita Bhosle (40) from Rabodi in Thane were booked for cheating and forgery under the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Schemes (Banning) Act and remanded in police custody.Cops said the duo targeted small investors, mainly women and senior citizens. Pradeep Mahadik from Ghatkopar complained to the economic offences wing that he was duped of Rs 4 lakh. The minimum investment was of Rs 1.10 lakh, on which the accused promised Rs 10,000 every month, for five months. Six months later, investors were promised their principal amount. Mahadik said in his complaint he received only the first instalment.The police seized Bhosle's Chevrolet car with a fake number plate. Bhosle told investors she worked at a firm at Nariman Point on a salary of Rs 35,000, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12551651", "title": "2 power cuts trigger water woes in south Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Large parts of south Delhi and some areas in east Delhi were struck by a water crisis in the past 10 days after the Sonia Vihar and Bhagirathi water treatment plants were affected by power failure on two occasions. Delhi Jal Board officials said the situation was expected to normalize by the weekend.\"There were two breakdowns in 10 days because of which we were unable to settle our system. If a plant is shut down for any length of time, it takes between 48-72 hours to stabilize supply. This is because it first takes time for the huge water pumps to start full operation. Secondly, air pockets form in pipes in the absence of water and it takes more time to balance out supply. We were barely able to get the system to start working properly after the first power breakdown when the second one happened,\" said a DJB official.With over 48 hours having passed since the last power cut, officials said water supply was expected to normalize by the weekend. \"All water treatment plants ( WTP) have two sources of power supply so that such situations can be avoided. However, this time it was not a planned shutdown. Discoms should try and ensure that there is no power disruption to WTPs or else water supply will get disrupted for some length of time,\" said the official.Sources said supply to the Sonia Vihar plant was affected after a civic agency accidently cut into two BSES Yamuna cables south of Wazirabad on March 27. On April 3, there was a snag in Mandola substation.Many areas reported that they did not get water for over five days while duration of supply in other areas came down drastically. \"We get water once a day from 2.30am to 7am. In the past few days, the supply came only around 4.30am. I had to wake up every half an hour to check. Supply stopped at 6.30am,\" said Rajive Kakria, a resident of GK-I.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12552658", "title": "Students, Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology staff on a collision course", "text": "BHOPAL: New grading system and scrapping of summer term exam triggered a face-off between students and authorities of the Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT). The students will register protest against authorities on Friday by holding a candle march from hostel to the office of institute director Dr Appu Kuttan.\"The authorities scrapped the absolute grade point system and switched to a new system. The new grading system suffers from loopholes. It will affect results of the students,\" a student Ritesh Goyal Arya said. The grading system of MANIT is not recognized anywhere in the world. \"We will be in deep trouble after completing the course. The new system is not followed anywhere in the world. When we go to other institute for further studies who will be responsible for that,\" Arya said.Students alleged the institute has also made some changes in the supplementary exam. \"There was a system of summer term exam where students had the facility to complete their attendance. It benefited the students who had short attendance because of illness or other reason. However, through summer term exam they had the opportunity to complete the classes and the attendance as well. With its abolition, it would have a serious impact on the academics,\" a student said, who preferred to remain anonymous.Students added the MANIT authorities have also done away with the system of showing exam copies. \"It is our right to see exam copies. The system of showing answer-sheet is being followed by all NITs across the country. We will protest against the decision,\" Arya added.When contacted, exam controller MM Malik refuted the allegations \"There is no lacuna in the grading system. Students can contact us in case of objection. We will sort it out,\" Malik said. Contrary to his claim students claimed that the MANIT authorities did not respond despite being contacted several times. \"Authorities never reciprocated when we approached them. Instead, they asked us to go to the court to challenge their decision,\" a student claimed.On being asked about abolition of summer term exam, Malik said students misused the facility. \"The facility was for students who failed to attend classes due to a major reason. It was noticed that students did not attend class and later joined summer term classes to avail the facility,\" Malik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12551728", "title": "Mumbai fiasco a wake up call for NU", "text": "NAGPUR: The exam paper leak at Mumbai University and subsequent events are a wake up call for the Nagpur University which is battling with a host of problems. After MU's debacle, academicians and politicians are calling for vice-chancellor Rajan Welukar's head. Even chancellor summoned the beleaguered VC and asked him to fill up all vacant posts including that of registrar, controller of examinations and pro-VC immediately.NU, in fact, is facing much bigger problems. Not only its three statutory posts but also a majority of teaching and non-teaching posts in its 40 departments are vacant. Even after spending Rs 2 lakh on two advertisements and rounds of interviews, NU failed to find a \"suitable\" registrar since Subhash Belsare retired three years ago. TOI had carried a detailed report in this regard on March 25.NU also opened three new postgraduate departments- molecular biology, genetic engineering and commerce- from current academic year. The UGC, under its 11th five year plan, had sanctioned posts of a reader and two lecturers for all three departments and their salaries would be borne by it for five years. NU had also received UGC sanction to appoint 19 other lecturers. It forwarded those proposals to the government, as after five years, salaries for these 25 lectures is to be borne by the government. The government has failed to respond to the proposals till date and the departments are running with contributory teachers.Attempts to contact state minister for higher and technical education Rajesh Tope were not successful. PRO with the chancellor's office Umesh Kashikar confirmed that the instructions to fill up vacant posts in MU were given to Welukar but pleaded ignorance about similar condition in other universities including NU. NU Management Council Member Mahendra Nimbarte asked whether administration was waiting for MU like fiasco before acting. \"Over 800 posts are vacant in NU. Efforts to fill them have not been made for years citing frivolous reasons,\" he said.Taking a dig at administration led by VC Vilas Sapkal, Nimbarte said at least pro-VC's post, which is in VC's hands, should be filled on priority. \"Pro-VC would have helped the administration to perform more efficiently. Decentralisation of powers is a must for any organisation. \"It is surprising why such an important post could not be filled up,\" he said.Though NU had floated advertisement for 119 posts, wrong mention of eligibility criteria resulted in process being stayed by the high court. Newly-appointed PRO of NU Prashant Mohite stated they had already floated advertisement for registrar, CoE and other posts of librarians. \"In case of pro-VC, a majority of universities have not appointed them. To my knowledge, VC has dispatched a proposal in this regard to the chancellor's office where it is pending,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12552447", "title": "Jodhpur spices park to open tomorrow", "text": "KOCHI: The Spices Board's first Spices Park in Rajasthan for processing seed spices like cumin, coriander and fennel will be commissioned on April 7 in Jodhpur, Rajasthan. The Board has completed the construction of the park at a total investment of Rs 27 crore.The park will be inaugurated by Union commerce and industry minister Anand Sharma in the presence of the chief minister of Rajasthan Ashok Gehlot .The park has been set up on an area of 60.07 acres, provided by the Rajasthan government free of cost, in Rampura Bhatia village of Ozian tehsil near Jodhpur. It has common infrastructure and processing facilities for seed spices, primarily cumin and coriander, which are widely grown in the state. The machinery in the park can also process other seed spices like fennel and fenugreek, which are quite ample in the region.The full-line processing facility at the Spices Park, with a capacity to two tonnes per hour, has inbuilt facilities for pre-cleaning, grading, colour sorting, grinding and packing. The packing facility can handle both bulk and consumer packing ranging from 25 gm to 50 kg. The installation of the machinery is complete and trial run of the plant has been carried out, the Spices Board said.The Board will also allot individual slots for exporters on lease basis for the development of their own processing plants within the park. The Board has cited the tremendous response from exporters who wanted to set up their own facilities in the park.Twenty exporters will get the opportunity to set up their own processing plants. Many of them have submitted project reports to the Board to start civil work and install their machinery.The Board is also establishing a sterilization facility on the plant premises with a capacity of 250 kg per hour in batch process. The boiler house construction is over and other work is under progress. Facilities for steam sterilization are also in progress at the park.To ensure storing of raw materials for processing and to take care of processed materials, the park has six warehouses exclusively devoted to various seed spices. Two raw material warehouses, with storage capacity of 800 sq metres each, have been devoted to coriander. Two other warehouses with similar capacity have also been built for other seed spices. The Board's regional and zonal offices are set to start functioning from the Spices Park with more orientation towards the spices growing villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12553982", "title": "CBI closes cops\u2019 \u2018murder\u2019 case file, gives clean chit to 6", "text": "CHANDIGARH: CBI closed the file of a mysterious death of a 38-year-old Chandigarh police head constable Manmohan Singh giving a clean chit to four police personnel and two civilians from murder charges. A cancellation report in this regard was filed recently in the court of special CBI judge Ritu Tagore at the Sector 17 district court.Sub-inspector (SI) Sukhdeep Singh, SI Desh Raj, head constable Balbir Singh and constable Rajinder Singh were given a clean chit in the case. HC Manmohan Singh had died after falling from the fifth floor of Chandigarh police headquarters, Sector 9, in September, 2005 and following the instructions of the Supreme Court, CBI registered a case of murder in this connection in January, 2010. Family members of the deceased cop had approached the Supreme Court alleging foul play on part of the four policemen and two civilians. The investigation was being conducted by special crime branch (SCB) of CBI, Chandigarh.A senior CBI official told TOI, \"Though murder charges against four policemen and two civilians were found baseless, huge procedural lapses were found in police functioning during the circumstances, under which Manmohan had died at the police headquarters.\" The official said the day when Manmohan died at the police headquarters, alcohol and non-vegetarian food were served in a programme on the top floor of the Sector 9 building. The CBI probe also established that Singh had consumed alcohol when he died.Head constable Manmohan Singh was attached with the crime branch of Chandigarh police while the four policemen booked allegedly for his murder were a part of the police party which seized a liquor consignment in Sector 6, Panchkula. Chandigarh police had challenged Manmohan's family's demand of registering a murder case, but the Supreme Court had turned down the appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12552744", "title": "A salve soon, for cancer patients in terminal pain", "text": "INDORE: An Indo-American NGO has come forward to set up pain and palliative care centres across the country, for cancer patients.The NGO, Jiv Daya Foundation, has announced that two of these would be at the Cancer Hospital attached to Mahatma Gandhi Medical College ( MGMC) in Indore and the Jawaharlal Nehru Cancer Hospital in Bhopal .The centres would provide free morphine medication and care to the patients, it was iformed. These would become operational once the proposal is sieved through the Foreign Contribution Regulation Act (FCRA), 2010.In MP, the two proposed centres would be the first of their kind to take care of patients of cancer at a terminal stage and minimize their suffering and pain. Dr Dilip Acharya, secretary of the Cancer Society of Madhya Pradesh told TOI that the spadework is in place, \"We are going to sign a MoU with the foundation and then apply for FCRA permission. The cancer society will be nodal agency for these centers.\" He added that the foundation has proposed to appoint a doctor, a trained nurse and a counselor cum data operator at each centre.At least 12 palliative care centers are already operational, including some in government-run hospitals, under the Gujarat Cancer and Research Institute in Ahmadabad, the Sanjay Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences, Lucknow and Government Medical College, Trivandrum. The foundation has now proposed to start 20 more such centers across the country, including in Indore and Bhopal. The foundation will provide 25 lakh morphine tablets at its centres.A delegation from the foundation had visited the city last month and the MP Cancer Society functionaries had finalized the idea at New Delhi.The cancer hospital has also shown its interest as it will help several cancer afflicted patients to provide them the necessary care. \"Hundreds of patients visit the hospital The centre will be a great help to patients in need as well as the hospital, as they will get quality palliative care,\" said Dr Fakhruddin, Superintendent, Cancer Hospital. He added that the Dharamshala attached to the hospital may be used to set up the centre there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12552397", "title": "Demo against rise in atrocities on women", "text": "BHOPAL: Two NGOs--Yuva Samvad and Nagrik Adhikar Manch-- working for women, issued a white paper on \"rise\" in crime against women in Madhya Pradesh, at a press conference on Thursday. They also announced a demonstration at Jyoti talkies on April 6 against the rise in atrocities on women.Referring to the Betma rape case, gang-rape of a Dalit girl in Multai, Berasia gang-rape and other incidents in the recent past, the two NGO's termed it as a failure of the BJP-ruled government.The NGOs said the government agencies responsible for the protection of women should be made answerable. The laws made for the protection of women should also be implemented strictly, they demanded.Releasing statistics of crime against women, Upasna Behar of the Nagrik Adhikar Manch, said the crime against women was rising in the state and the government was not initiating steps to curb the crime.\"It is the responsibility of the government to provide proper safety and security to the women and girls in the state. However, the government has failed in its duty,\" they alleged.They told media that the demonstration would be held at 6 pm at Jyoti talkies square.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12557316", "title": "Attempts will be made to push ultras across LoC: Army", "text": "SRINAGAR: Terming the killing of five heavily-armed militants in north Kashmir as a \"major success,\" the Army on Friday said there will be attempts from across the Line of Control ( LoC) to push in more ultras into the Valley to fill the void.\"We have eliminated 10 militants over the recent days and it has created a void among the militant ranks. There will be attempts from the other side during the coming months to fill it,\" General officer Commanding of Army's 15 Corps Lt General S A Hasnain told reporters at Handwara in Kupwara district, 90 kms from here.Lt Gen Hasnain was briefing the media about the successful counter-insurgency operation in Zachaldara forests yesterday in which five unidentified militants were killed.On March 28, five Lashker-e-Taiba militants were eliminated in nearby Rajwar forests.Meanwhile, searches at the scene of the encounter at Zachaldara yielded a large quantity of arms and ammunition, including five AK assault rifles, 17 magazines, 350 rounds, five hand grenades, one radio set, two GPS devices, two mobile chargers and two diaries.The army commander dismissed suggestions that the slain militants were infiltrators, saying they were active in local area.He said the group was probably in the area to receive infiltrators and guide them into the hinterland of the Valley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12552245", "title": "Low turnout at BJP's rail-roko agitation", "text": "JAIPUR: The state-wide rail-roko protest called by the BJP's farmers' wing, Kisan Morcha, turned out to be flop show on Tuesday. The internal bickering within the party ensured that hardly hundred farmers gathered at any of the protest sites.Owing to the meagre strength of the protestors, the Kisan Morcha leaders had to do with just token demonstrations and the train movements in the state remained unaffected. At almost each of the three-dozen railway stations in 25 districts where the protests were planned, policemen outnumbered the BJP supporters.The low turnout of people in favour of the BJP was seen by the political analysts as reflective of the saffron party's complacency about coming to power riding on the ruling Congress's failures. For the past three years, the Opposition BJP has repeatedly been accused of failing to hold noteworthy demonstrations in support of public concerns like high petrol prices or compensation for farmers suffering weather vagaries.Being the first political demonstration planned by former minister Sanwar Lal Jat after his appointment as the Morcha president, the ruling party too was keeping a close eye on the event. Much to his embarrassment, however, Jat could not even enter the Kishangarh railway station near Ajmer for the protest since only a handful of his supporters turned up for the protest. Police later put the figure of his supporters who courted arrest at 69.Jat shied away from the media after he was forced to hold a token demonstration outside the Kishangarh railway station. Even as he avoided taking questions from TOI, a press statement released by the Kisan Morcha office in the evening claimed that the event was a hit.The event aroused political analysts' interest even more as Jat is a close aide of former chief minister and leader of opposition Vasundhara Raje. The event was, as such, linked to Raje's influence, too, on the farmers for whom the Morcha demanded increased support price for wheat and other agricultural benefits from the state government. BJP national president Nitin Gadkari's instructions to the party leaders to bury their differences and demonstrate a united face failed to bring the partymen together for the protest.In Jaipur, the protest was organised at the Kanakpura railway station on the Jaipur-Ajmer rail track along the Sirsi road on the city outskirts. Kisan Morcha vice-president Kuldeep Dhanka led the protest, but the demonstrators' number barely touched the three-digit figure. After much dithering, the BJP men climbed atop a stationary goods train at the railway station and shouted slogans as long as the photojournalists clicked pictures. Soon the police made the protesters to vacate the station. The two trains crossed the railway station unhindered while the protestors were still there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12553235", "title": "Hanuman jayanti to be celebrated today", "text": "KANPUR: Hanuman Jayanti would be celebrated at various Hanuman temples on Friday.Hundreds of devotees are expected to visit the Panki temple. The 'dhawj' (flag) of Lord Hanuman will be changed after rituals and 'maha aarti' will also be performed. Panki Hanuman temple is the largest one dedicated to Lord Hanuman.Devotees of Lord Hanuman will also organize 'havans', 'sankirtans' and 'preeti bhoj' at several temples.Committee members at Sote Baba Hanuman temple in Kidwai Nagar, Dakshineshwar Temple on GT road, Hanuman temples in Vishnupuri and Swaroop Nagar have planned to hold 'maha aarti' and distribute 'prasad'.\"Special preparations will be made to give devotees a spiritual atmosphere. There will be continuous chanting of 'Hanuman Sahastra Naam' (100 names of Lord Hanuman) and Hanuman Chalisa will be organized in the temple,\" a committee member at Sote Baba temple said.Members of Balaji Bhakt committee and Rajasthan Bhawan will organize 'Balaji hawan'. Devotees from the city and nearby areas take part in the 'hawan'. It will be followed by 'maha bhog' in Pheelkhana Balaji Temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12556301", "title": "Hafiz Saeed case an 'internal issue' of Pakistan: Gilani", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani has said the matter of LeT founder Hafiz Saeed is an \"internal issue\" and if there is any concrete proof against the outlawed Jamaat-ud-Dawah chief then it should be provided to Pakistan.Gilani also cautioned that at a time when Pakistan's parliament is framing new rules of engagement for the US, such \"negative messages would increase the trust deficit\".He made the remarks on Thursday while responding to points raised by lawmakers during a joint session of the National Assembly and Senate about the $10 million bounty offered by the US for Saeed, the Lashkar-e-Taiba founder.He said this was an internal issue of Pakistan and \"if there is any concrete proof against Saeed then it should be provided to Pakistan, which has an independent judiciary\".The Prime Minister pointed out that cases against Saeed were dismissed in the past due to lack of evidence.Gilani told lawmakers that he had taken up the issue of the bounty with visiting US deputy secretary of state Thomas Nides during a meeting on Wednesday.The Prime Minister said he had informed Nides that at a time when Pakistan's parliament is framing new rules of engagement for the US, such \"negative messages would increase the trust deficit\".Gilani further said he had telephoned main opposition PML-N chief Nawaz Sharif and taken him into confidence on the government's position on the issue of the bounty.Foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar told the joint session of parliament that she too had discussed the issue of the bounty with Nides.She said she had told the American delegation that Saeed was a Pakistani citizen and the US should have informed Pakistan before taking such a decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12551986", "title": "Humidity rises, thundershowers likely", "text": "PANAJI: The nights have become warmer, often a degree or so above normal, during the last few days and the high humidity is adding to the discomfort, meteorological department sources said.Though the day temperatures are within the normal range, the rise in mercury during the night, coupled with the humidity is leading to uneasiness. \"The minimum temperature was 26.1 degrees celsius on Thursday,\" met official K V Singh said.The minimum temperature has been rising for almost a fortnight after the mercury hovered below 21 degrees celsius and often touched 18-plus degrees celsius during most part of March.The night temperature also touched 26 degrees celsius on April 3.\"The summer is already here and it will be hot during these two months,\" Singh added. The nights are hotter due to the partly cloudy skies.The meteorological department has also forecast the possibility of light rain or thundershowers in isolated places in the state.The humidity is hovering around 80% and the meteorological department recorded 78% humidity on Thursday.The highest maximum temperature ever recorded was 39.8 degrees celsius on April 7, 1989, while the hottest year of the decade was 2008 (2001-10).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12553714", "title": "Tax, billing woes dry up liquor flow", "text": "BANGALORE: The flow of liquor in the pub capital is reduced to driblets. With a financial year just ended, watering holes are facing shortage of supplies and at least two outlets in the CBD have stopped serving liquor.The shortage is acute in the case of beer, given its high demand in the city. Though not a drop of liquor has flowed out of its warehouses since March 30, the Karnataka State Beverages Corporation (KSBC), the sole agency which purchases liquor from manufacturers and supplies it to wholesalers and licensees, allayed any fears of a liquor drought hitting the city.KSBC officials attributed the shortage to billing rescheduling, in view of increased levies. They said supplies would resume by Saturday, and normalize over the next week.With depleting stocks, it has to be seen how many watering holes in the city will stop operations before the situation steadies.With the start of the new fiscal year, KSBC had shut off supply to revise the prices. Since then, no stock has been given to any outlets, neither have the manufactures supplied any stock. Most city pubs have been affected, with many suspending happy hours and saving up for the weekend.\"We've stopped serving draught beer since Monday. If stocks don't resume by the weekend, we'll be in serious trouble. But we've been promised stocks will arrive in time,\" a pub owner in the CBD said.The agency, which handles the supply of liquor, promises that supply will be normal by Saturday, but until then, pubs are facing a hard time.Ashish Kothare, pub owner, said the major problem was with stocks of draught beer. \"There are pubs in the city which run purely on beer sales, and when supply dries up, everything goes haywire,\" he explained.HV Raghuram, executive director (operations), KSBC, said the delay in liquor supply was due to procedural hazards and two holidays during the week. \"It's a lengthy procedure. The manufacturers have to give their declared prices. Then they go to the excise commissioner for tabulation of taxes and only then will the final price list be drawn up,\" he said.He said price lists and orders for sale had been given to the companies on Thursday. \"Friday being a holiday, retailers can collect stocks from us from Saturday onwards,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12552646", "title": "IMA calls strike unlawful as nurses intensify stir", "text": "KOCHI: Defending the Lakeshore Hospital, the state branch of the Indian Medical Association has come out strongly against the ongoing nurses' strike at the hospital, labelling it as unwarranted and unlawful.\"The demand by the nurses' union to give permanent employment to trainees is illogical,'' Dr Rajagopalan Nair, state president of IMA, and Dr A V Babu, secretary, said on Thursday.The IMA leadership supported the Lakeshore management and maintained that trainees were not employees and were entitled only to certificates of completion of training. They also said that probationers had to undergo performance appraisal after the probation period and they would be employed only on merit. The IMA state forum also condemned the reasons for the second round of strike in the hospital which began on March 12. \"The Supreme Court clearly states that a trainee is not an employee,'' Dr Babu said.\"Hospitals across the state are witnessing deterioration in work culture because of the strike,\" said Dr Rajagopalan Nair.On trainees being given charge of cardiac and critical care patients, the doctors said that fresh graduates were only being given training as many of them were not familiar with hospital duties. Meanwhile, the United Nurses Association (UNA) and the action council formed by political parties to support the striking nurses said they would intensify the protest. On Saturday, the action council will organize a mass protest and a public convention near Lakeshore Hospital. Around 100 action council members will stage a hunger strike on Easter .Anish Unni, convenor of the action council, said: \"All the striking nurses and their parents will take part in the protest march that will begin from Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium on April 12.''Denying the hospital's claim that many of the striking nurses have joined duty, Bibin P Chacko of the UNA said that all the 450 nurses were still on strike. \"The management is trying to mislead many of the nurses and scuttle the strike,\" he said.IMA maintains that trainees are not employees and are entitled only to certificates on completion of training", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12552806", "title": "Parking issue leads to brawl, three arrested", "text": "VADODARA: A small argument over parking of vehicles led to brawl between three persons and a middle-aged man in Sayajigunj area late on Tuesday. The trio not only assaulted the person, but also attacked his 19-year-old girl. The Sayajigunj police arrested the trio on Thursday.According to the cops, the trio was trying to bully Manish Imandar, who had parked his vehicle near a road-side food stall.\"The trio came in a car and wanted to park it near the stall. Imandar and his daughter had parked their vehicle near the stall. He had come to the area to drop his daughter. The trio entered into argument with Imandar over parking,\" Sayajigunj police inspector H J Kin said. The accused even told Imandar that they were cops.Soon after the trio assaulted Imandar and when his daughter tried to intervene, they attacked her too. The girl told the police that the trio held her hand and tried to push her in their car. When she raised alarm, they fled from the spot. Her complaint states that the trio told her that lot of rackets occur in night and asked what she was doing there. The girl has also registered complaint of attempt to rape. The trio has been identified as Devendra Jadeja, Pranav Darji and Hemal Desai. \"They were trying to play mischief by posing as cops,\" Kin said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12552430", "title": "Vehicle No. plate space misuse goes unstopped", "text": "BHOPAL: Number plate on a vehicle is meant for displaying registration number. But for some, it seems, it's a space to let artistic proclivities get a free run. If writing \"vidhayak\" and \"sansad\" or anything else on a number plate violates the Motor Vehicle Act, so be it. Traffic police in Bhopal stopped its drive for last two months to catch such offenders.When contacted about the rules violated by vehicle owners, RTO Bhopal PS Bamroliya said he doesn't know much about standards and specifications for numbers on plates. \"Your call has disturbed my sleep. I do not know the specifications of number plates. Most of vehicle owners do not follow rules. What can I do for that,\" Bamroliya said. According to Bamroliya, there are around 8 lakh vehicles in Bhopal.As if this is not enough, some vehicles use Devanagari and in other languages contrary to the Central Motor Vehicles Rules, 1989 that allows the use of only Roman script.On being asked, additional SP (traffic) Monika Shukla said the traffic police have put the drive on hold to catch the offenders for violating the rule. \"We have put on hold the drive for the past two months. They have made some changes in number plate specifications. They will come up with new number plates. Until then, we can't start our drive,\" Shukla said.Some number plates carry registration number with black colour serving background against the rule for white background. Similarly, vehicles with taxi quota have registration numbers in black against yellow background. However, a large number of vehicles violate the rule too.Moreover, several owners carry registration number in small font making it difficult to read from at a distance by a traffic policeman. The Act stipulates that the numbers be written in a way that would make them readable from a distance of 100 yards. Registration numbers should be written in front to enable a traffic constable to read it without stopping the vehicle and it should also be written at the vehicle's back to enable a person to recognise a vehicle escaping after an accident.According to traffic police there is a provision for imposing fine for writing registration numbers in the wrong way as it is treated as defacement of number plate, which is a crime under the Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "jaipur/ajmer", "code": "12552585", "title": "Dargah always welcomes Pakistani leaders", "text": "JAIPUR/AJMER: \"Bismillah-ir-rehman-ir-rahim, allah khuddam ki khidmat qubul farmayen, Amen! Zia. (O Allah! Please accept the services of this servant). This was the message written by the then sadar zamhuria (head of the state) of Pakistan, General Zia-ul-Haq, on February 22, 1987, in the diary of the Anjuman committee of Dargah Sharif during his visit to the shrine.Zia was in Jaipur to watch the India-Pakistan match and had gone to the dargah for 'ziyarat' at the time when the bilateral relations were going through one of the worst phases. Nevertheless, Zia was given the customary welcome at the shrine as per centuries' old tradition, intact since the Mughal period.Preparations are afoot in the dargah to welcome the current Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari. The khadim community (priest) is busy preparing for the customary ceremonies meant for the nation heads. The shrine is being decked up for three major ceremonies that will be performed: gifting a sword, presenting 'duanama' and sending chaddars to be offered at shrines in Pakistan (as there are several shrines of Chishtiya silsila in Pakistan).While the first two are being customarily performed for the state/nation heads since centuries, the third one is a recent addition thanks to the barriers post partition. As procuring visa to Pakistan became difficult, Khadims started sending chadars through nation heads to be offered at two Pakistan-based shrines of Chistiya Sufi order - Hazrat Khwaja Fariduddin Ganjshakar in Pak Pattan (near Lahore) and Hazarat Data Ganj Baksh in Lahore city (here Khwaja Gharib Nawaz had prayed for 40 days before coming to Hindustan).As per tradition, the khadim community sends chaddars from Ajmer dargah to all major Sufi shrines in the Indian subcontinent during the annual Urs. \"After partition it became difficult for khadims to send chaddars to shrines in Afghanistan, Pakistan and Bangladesh so the khadims did it via state heads,\" says Syed Wahid Hussain Angarahshah, secretary, Anjuman Syed Zadgan (a parent body of khadims).The book 'Shrine And Cult Of Muin-al-din Chishti' of Ajmer by PM Currie says \"Swords are given to nation heads during their visits as a token of respect. It began during the reign of Emperor Akbar. In the past 600 years, swords have been presented to Akbar, Aurangzeb and from Queen Victoria to President Pratibha Patil by Khadims during their visits.\"\"We are in regular touch with the district administration and I have to reach a day in advance to monitor preparations,\" said Mohammad Afzal, Nazim of the dargah committee. Sources said seven representatives of the hereditary khadim families, 21 members of the Anjuman, 15 members of the Syed Sheikh Zadgan, three members from the hereditary staff, one baridar (the person in-charge of the dargah logistics for the day) will be allowed to be on the dargah premises during the 30-minute stay of Zardari on April 8.Zardari will be the third Pak president to pay obeisance at the shrine. Former presidents, Pervez Musharraf and General Zia-ul-Haq, have also been to the dargah. Zardari's visit will be the first presidential visit in the last seven years. Musharraf was the last Pak president to visit India in April 2005.However, Benazir Bhutto was a frequent visitor at the shrine and visited the here five times in her lifetime. \"It was on April 1, 2005 that she last came to Ajmer,\" said Khadim Syed Iqbal Kaptan. Despite leading a life of exile, Bhutto visited Ajmer thrice. In 2003, she visited Ajmer to pray for the release of her husband Asif Ali Zardari from prison. Her wish was fulfilled and her husband was released on November 21, 2004. Bhutto visited the shrine again, this time with Zardari from Dubai, to thank the Sufi saint. \"I find great support coming to Ajmer Sharif and offering prayers,\" Benazir wrote in the diary of the Anjuman during her visit in 2003.The shrine receives thousands of pilgrims everyday and the numbers go up during the Urs, that is celebrated every year on the first six days of Rajab (seventh month of the Islamic calendar). A special train is run between Atari and Ajmer to ferry Pak pilgrims to dargah sharif during the Urs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "12554229", "title": "Inquiry shifted back to district police", "text": "FEROZEPUR: The inquiry in the killing of a youth allegedly at the hands of the husband of Congress candidate in the recently-concluded elections, which was transferred from Ferozepur police to the state crime branch before the poll verdict was announced, has once again shifted back to the district police.Nishan Singh was shot dead allegedly by Jesmail Singh alias Laddi Gehri, husband of Congress candidate from Ferozepur (rural) Satkar Kaur on the day of polling outside a polling booth in Piarana village on January 30. Though the police arrested two co-accused, primary accused Jesmail has been evading his arrest.Shifting of the probe to IG (crime) in Chandigarh had made family members of Nishan Singh impatient as they were feeling that the inquiry had been shifted to the state crime branch reportedly under some political pressure to clear the name of the prime accused, Jesmail Singh, as the Ferozepur police were nearly close to getting him declared a proclaimed offender.\"Owing to certain political reasons, the investigation was taken away from us but now, once again probe has been handed back to us. We have started investigation and will soon arrest the accused,\" claimed Hardial Singh Mann, SSP Ferozepur.Meanwhile, Ferozepur police once again moved the district court seeking its intervention in the initiation of proclamation proceedings against Jasmail Singh. \"We are expecting the court's order on April 29, when the case would come up for the next hearing,\" said Mann.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551752", "title": "Take it easy, use a travelator", "text": "MUMBAI: Thane Municipal Corporation (TMC) has offered to build a travelator-a moving walkway--between a proposed station at Kopri and Thane for the convenience of rail commuters, especially those who want to use the trans-harbour network.The travelator, a slow-speed conveyor belt, will help passengers go from the proposed station to Thane. Design specifications, load and capacity features for the travelator are yet to be worked out as the project is in a conceptual stage.A Central Railway official said, \"The building of a new station at Kopri does not make much sense if there is no connectivity to the trans-harbour network. We cannot extend the trans-harbour network to the proposed station, as it will entail engineering challenges, besides not being operationally practical.\"TMC has offered to procure and install the one-km travelator.Nearly 208 services operate between Thane and Navi Mumbai; of these 128 are 12-car services and the remaining 9-car.CR plans to convert all the remaining 80 9-car services into 12-car and also increase services in the long run.A CR official said, \"The number of passengers has shown a steady increase in Thane, especially since 2004-2005, when CR introduced services on the trans-harbour network. A Mumbai Railway Vikas Corporation (MRVC) study indicates that traffic on the trans-harbour route has shown an increase of 10% per year.\"Thane had the highest earnings through the sale of suburban tickets on Central Railway in 2010-11. It registered a 7.01% growth in ticket-related earnings in 2010-11, compared to the previous year. In 2010-11, the station earned Rs 48.92 crore from ticket sales, as against Rs 45.72 crore in 2009-10.Many people had to travel to from Thane and beyond to Navi Mumbai ahd to get down at Kurla to switching trains from Main Line to Harbour line. After the trans harbour network become operational, a large proportion of commuter traffic to New Mumbai has been diverted by Thane, bypassing Kurla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12553978", "title": "Will it be an extended weekend?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A resolution moved by a section of college teachers in the last syndicate meeting has triggered of a fresh debate at Panjab University on whether its affiliated colleges should follow a 5-day or a 6-day module. While a nod to this resolution would mean a stretched out weekend leisure for college students and teachers, the issue, however, is yet to get a final go-ahead by PU. Additionally, several teachers are also concerned about the \"additional\" workload per day on them and students.To take a call on the matter, PU syndics decided in their last meeting in March 2012 to constitute a committee. Names of these members are yet to be disclosed by the vice-chancellor office. \"There has to be some similarity between the parent institute and its affiliated colleges. I have been a student of Hindu College and JNU, both. There were several other activities we did apart from classroom teaching. It's very tiring for students to attend hectic classes till Saturday. Moreover, the attendance in several colleges is very lean on Saturday,\" said Rakesh Thakur, who has been a student at JNU and is currently teaching at PGGC, Sector 11. A clear guideline of the UGC on this issue has been given on its website. The 14th regulation mentions that affiliated colleges can follow either of the five-day module or a six-day pattern. With the PU senate elections scheduled this year, this resolution is already being speculated as a \"populist\" move. But there is a section of college teachers, who feel differently. \"I am in favour of six-day working module. There are several gazetted holidays and a five-day schedule would skew the teaching hours. We must not please students instead focus on increasing their potential,\" says Renu Bedi, a faculty member at MCM College, Sector 36.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12552906", "title": "Ollywood stars sizzle at Utkal fest", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The annual cultural fest of Utkal University, Wave-2012, proved to be a star-studded affair on Thursday with Ollywood stars sizzling on the stage.Ollywood heartthrobs like Anubhav, Sabyasachi, Babushan and Priya were the major attractions of the event. They were felicitated by the varsity authorities.\"Annual functions were not held for the last couple of years as we did not have any students' union. This year, we tried to do it in a big way. Students of the varsity are also very excited about seeing their favourite stars on the campus,\" said Prabin Kumar Sahu, drama secretary of UU students' union. tnnStudents also enjoyed the musical extravaganza presented by popular singers T Shouri and Debashis, and music composer duo Manas-Pritam. \"This was one of the most memorable days of my university life. We thoroughly enjoyed the function and had great fun,\" said Sambit, a student.\"The festival was successful and everything went according to plans. Adequate security arrangements were made to avoid any kind of indiscipline or untoward incident. We are planning to conduct our annual function in a big way as well,\" said the president of the students' union, Tanmay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551677", "title": "Business class air passengers to gain", "text": "MUMBAI: The new service tax rules are set to increase air fares for those travelling in economy class.Earlier, the service tax on international economy-class fares was 10.3% or a maximum of Rs 773, whichever was lower. Now, even though the tax is lower at 4.9%, the cap being removed means that a passenger will have to shell out much more. \"If one was earlier paying a maximum tax of Rs 773 on a ticket of Rs 63,000, one will now pay Rs 3,100 on the same fare since there is no cap,\" said Pradip Lulla, director, Cupid Travels. \"This is a significant sum of money for economy travellers.\"Business class international passengers, however, stand to gain from this. \"Earlier the tax rate for international business was 10.3% on the base fare. Now it is down to 4.94%. This is the only gain that can be pointed out in the new tax rate,\" a tour operator said.Tour operators said the hike in fares could affect travel, particularly for economy travellers. \"When one is travelling alone, the hike may seem small. However, if it is a family of four planning a budget holiday abroad, the hike would add up to a lot more depending on the cost of the ticket,\" a Fort-based agent said. Tour operators said the government had actually increased the service tax by 12.32% but later brought it down to 4.944%. \"Even this smaller hike has pushed the fares up, particularly on the international sector, where there is no upper limit like earlier,\" Lulla said.In case of a jet fuel hike, which travel agents feel is likely, the fares will go up further by 5%. \"A passenger will have to pay the price for the tax and fuel hikes since airlines are in no shape to support it,\" said said Rajesh Rateria, managing director, Cirrus Travels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12556358", "title": "Hacking it Right", "text": "A workshop conducted by the Heritage Institute of Technology educates students on the ethics of hacking and data information securityKOLKATA: A two-day workshop on 'Ethical Hacking and Data Information Security' was conducted by the Student Council of Heritage Institute of Technology Kolkata on March 31.Hardeep Singh and Aarshdeep Chaggar, corporate trainers and business managers of Infi-zeal Technologies Pvt Ltd were present on the occasion to address the students.The workshop focused on topics like detecting a fake mail, creating a fake mail, creating duplicate web pages of important email websites, where a person can copy the user-id and password of another individual and many other such functions.Apart from these, the workshop also focused on educating the students on a variety of information security techniques, which are used by IT companies in the recent times.During the workshop, Singh gave a wonderful example by creating a fake web page of gmail.com and hacked the e-mail account of a participant in the workshop.\"Hacking has become a common trend in the new IT world and many people are misusing it to hack reputed websites. Moreover if a student knows the different techniques of hacking, it would be easier for him to detect a fake mail. Such workshops are really a value-ad not only to the career but also in practicality,\" said Singh.Around 23 students from Heritage Institute of Technology, Techno-India College and Meghnath Saha Institute of Technology attended this two-day workshop which provided them with an insight into and an in-depth knowledge of the latest techniques of hacking and information security.\"We enjoyed this two-day workshop at Heritage which is a student -led event and we hope to conduct one more in wired, manual and wireless robotics,\" said Shaoni, a B Tech student of Heritage who was also one of the organisers of the workshop.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12552719", "title": "Now, Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy faces scam taint", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh CM N Kiran Kumar Reddy allegedly flouted guidelines and ignored finance and health departments' objections to dole out several concessions to the GVK group to acquire ambulance service in August last year. The revenue loss for the state would amount to at least Rs 100 crore if the concessions are applied to the five-year period for which an MoU for the service was signed with the private operator.Key documents pertaining to the GVK-government agreement - that is in TOI's possession - clearly state that Reddy virtually pressured officials to given into his orders and grant concessions to GVK in the project. The finance department had suggested that GVK should be given Rs 15 per km as the cost of operation, but it was finally revised to Rs 18.32. Similarly, the finance department had fixed Rs 82,361 as total payment cost per ambulance per month that was hiked to Rs 95,000 per ambulance per month.As performance indicators, the health department has laid down strict parameters failing which the MoU could be cancelled. Thus, while the health department wanted GVK to attend to 50,000 calls on an average per day, it was finally reduced to 30,000 calls per day.Another performance indicator is that at least 95% of the total fleet should be deployed on roads everyday. This clause becomes crucial for the state as it would be paying the private operator the operations costs for all the vehicles that have been listed. This was reduced to 90% of the total fleet. \"By paying the operations costs of all the vehicles and agreeing to only 90% of them being on the roads, the state stands to lose vital revenue. However, in reality, in the case of GVK, of the 750 vehicles that are at its disposal, only 550 are operational. This means only a little more than 70% of the vehicles are on the roads,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12557856", "title": "Vishal Sabley\u2019s paintings are like poetry", "text": "Vishal Sabley's Nayika series of paintings have a distinct mystical and poetic form, finds Debarati S SenVishal Sabley's paintings are like poetry - they seem to flow on. There is a certain dream-like quality in his work that has women with angelic faces in soothing pastel shades.The artist had begun painting this series Nayika nine years back. \"I was inspired by the medieval poetry of Jayadeva's Gita Govinda and Keshavdas' Rasikpriya and wanted to transform poetry into visual form in my own way. Nayika is not just a divine beauty or fantasy, idea or spirit but also a creator of new life,\" says the artist.Vishal's Nayikas represent the ideal beauty that is also sensuous and all these women are a symbol of love and affection. He uses very pleasant and fresh colours like pink, violet, rose, orange, turquoise with a prudent combination of rich golden and silver. \"Infact gold and silver are the most important colours for me. I use dazzling glitters also in my work,\" says the artist.Talking about his paintings Vishal says, \"I believe the female form is the most rhythmic expressive medium to showcase the subtle emotions and the state of mind with the help of her body language that is eloquent as well as alluring.\"The different Nayikas of Indian mythology like Radha, Damayanti, Shkuntala, Parvati and Meera have inspired the artist and for him she is the divine symbol of love and affection.Vishal says, \"I have used Hastamudras in different combinations, sometimes with different accompanying motifs drawn on the Nayikas body to convey different thoughts and concepts. They are shown in various moods and my paintings show that she is aware of the abundant beauty and power in her.\"The exhibition is on till April 16 from 12 noon to 11 pm at Out of the Blue, 14 Union Park, Off Carter Road, Khar West, Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12553357", "title": "'Tainted' school no more a matric centre", "text": "CUTTACK: The Bhagabati Vidyapitha in Puri's Kakatapur, from where matriculation question papers were stolen, has been scrapped as an examination centre. So the examinees allotted the Bhagabati Vidyapitha as examination centre will now take the test at Kakatapur Girls' High School.\"After the question paper theft fiasco, we did not want to take any risk and decided to shift the examinees of Bhagabati Vidyapitha examination centre to Kakatapur Girls' high school,\" said Satyakam Mishra, president of the Board of Secondary Education.The new examination centre is just two kilometers away from the old one, so students will not face any kind of problem, the board officials said. Moreover, the board has also decided not to make the school an examination centre in the future. The question papers of seven subjects were stolen from the Bhagabati Bidyapitha on March 21, after which matriculation examination in the state were stopped. The board authorities have directed the centre superintendent and school inspector to inform the examinees about the change of examination centre. Meanwhile, the board has identified 230 nodal centres across the state where the question papers will be stored in safe custody of the nodal officers. The question papers would be sent from the nodal point to the examination centre a day before the exam with police escort. The list of 230 nodal centres, includes four police stations.\"In some areas schools with proper infrastructure and foolproof security could not be found. So we identified four police stations as nodal centre. The question papers will be stored in the strongroom of the police stations,\" Mishra added. Police personnel will be deployed at the nodal centres to ensure the security of the question papers. The rescheduled matriculation examination will start from April 17 and conclude of April 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12557247", "title": "Samantha is going to miss IPL at Vizag", "text": "Actor Samantha Prabhu is going to be missing the Deccan Chargers vs Chennai Super Kings IPL match in Vizag today, because of some last-minute work that has suddenly cropped up.A diehard fan of the Hyderabad local team, like many other fellow actors including Siddharth and Rana Daggubati, Samantha was excited to be a part of the first match of the IPL in Vizag. \"Going to Vizag for the IPL... Deccan Chargers vs Chennai Super Kings...woo hoo... DC s first match....they have my support... Lol let the hate tweets begin,\" the actress, who is also a popular name in Kollywood, had posted on her microblogging site while sharing her excitement and joy with her fans and followers. Team Chennai has already arrived in Vizag and is all set for the match, but Samantha is not, because her plans have now changed. \"Going to have to miss the match at Vizag...work in Hyderabad...\" she announced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12553771", "title": "Defence ministry likely to respond to House panel on daily\u2019s 'alarmist' report", "text": "NEW DELHI: The defence ministry is likely to provide a detailed response to the parliamentary committee on defence on a newspaper's report about allegedly unauthorized troop movement while top Army officers are to brief the panel on issues relating defence preparedness.Both MoD and Army brass can expect searching questions when the committee meets on April 9 with members like Congress MP Manish Tewari having pointed out that the presentation on defence needs made to the panel on Wednesday did not reflect the concerns set out in the leaked letter Army chief V K Singh had written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.The serious gaps pointed out by Gen Singh include 97% obsolescence in air defence and problems with ammunition, night fighting capacities and crew-based systems have implications for India's preparedness for a two-front threat. Although such a scenario may be remote, it cannot be ignored or discounted in defence planning.The careful manner in which Wednesday's presentation skirted issues flagged by Gen Singh made some MPs wonder whether the caution was fallout of the leak and the subsequent controversy. With a new Army chief due to take charge and the government's relations with Gen Singh hardly in the best of health, the presentation trod a safe path.While Vice-chief Lt Gen S K Singh and defence secretary Shashikant Sharma can expect to be closely questioned over India's preparedness for a two-front scenario, sources said the ministry top brass has committed to come with a detailed response to the Indian Express report on the alleged alarm over troop movements towards Delhi.After Sharma had to field questions from agitated members, committee chairman Satpal Maharaj ended the discussion with the assurance that the MoD would provide a detailed response. When Sharma and Lt Gen Singh told the meeting that the report was loose talk and lacked basis, MPs wanted to know what action the government would take against the newspaper for creating panic. Sharma said he would have to examine the issue, and consult others in government.At the meeting, both the defence secretary and the Army Vice-chief made it clear that the movement of a mechanized unit and a paratroop detachment did not require any prior notification and the exercise could be ordered by a corps commander.Sources said the standing committee could also look at summoning the Army chief for a closed door interaction to understand his concerns regarding problems in the state of preparedness of the Army. The move is linked to the leaked letter of Gen Singh to the PM. Though no final decision has yet been taken, some members are believed to be contemplating a demand for interaction with Gen Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12552252", "title": "Boy beaten up by teacher, police case filed", "text": "JAIPUR: In yet another incident of corporal punishment in schools, the parents of a 12-year-old boy studying in Class VI, approached the Moti Doongari police on Tuesday alleging that their child was beaten up by his teacher following which he sustained injuries on his hand.The child was out of his class even after the interval was over following which the infuriated teacher beat him with an iron rod. Police said it has come up in the medical reports that the boy sustained injuries on his hand.According to the police, the incident took place at the Shri Purusharthi Secondary School situated at Deepak Marg on Tuesday.\"The father of 12-year-old Javed lodged the FIR against a teacher of the school named Razia saying that his son was beaten up by her,\" said ASI Mahaveer Singh who is investigating the case.\"Javed was out of the classroom after interval the when the teacher spotted him. The father says that he received a call from the school in which he was told that his son had sustained injuries and was admitted to a private hospital,\" the officer said.However, when the father went to the hospital, he did not find Javed. \"He says that he found Javed at his school. He then approached the police and lodged the FIR,\" the officer said.The police are yet to interrogate the accused teacher. \"The school was closed by the time the FIR was registered. Further investigation is on,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12551006", "title": "Fraudster sentenced to 28 yrs' jail, fined Rs 22L", "text": "AKOLA: The prime accused in four different cases of serious nature has been sentenced to rigorous jail term for 28 years and pay a fine of Rs 22 lakh.Shriram Shende was held guilty in a fraud case worth Rs 22 lakh related to the postal department. The accused was 33 years old at the time of committing the fraud. Now he is 60. Delivering the judgment on Wednesday evening, special judge NV Deshmukh sentenced the accused to 7 years' rigorous imprisonment and pay a fine of Rs 2 lakh under section 420 of IPC. He will have to suffer 5 years' jail and pay a fine of Rs 2 lakh each under sections 466 and 468 of IPC in another case.Shende and the other accused were acquitted of the charges of conspiracy under 120B of IPC and section 5(i)(d) and 5(2) of Prevention of Corruption Act. The Central Bureau of Investigation had filed four sets of chargesheets against Shende and others. Shende has been convicted and sentenced to similar jail term and pay a fine of Rs 2 lakh in three cases each. He has to undergo sentences consecutively.Shende had committed a fraud through ledger folio in saving bank department of the post office by collecting deposits. The fraud was first noticed on July 9, 1985 when a cheque of Rs 20,000 came for clearance while the balance in the account of the accused was only Rs 178. He opened accounts of himself, his brother Ramkrishna, three minor sons Gajanan, Ramakant, Umakant and minor daughter Maya and committed a fraud.Shende, his brother Ramkrishna Badge, Bhimrao Deshmukh, Vitthal Kode and Suresh were the accused in the fraud. Accused Bhimrao Deshmukh has died.The property of Shende was seized and auctioned. The proceeds of Rs 4 lakh were credited to the government account. Now an amount of Rs over 17 lakh has to be recovered from the accused.Arguing before the court, CBI's special prosecutor Subhash Kate said Shende systematically committed a fraud of Rs 22 lakh through ledger folio system by opening fictitious accounts while working in the post office.In all 36 witnesses were examined. Of them, 18 were of postal department, 12 property owners, Sureshchandra Lohiya and P Bhagwandas, the sanctioning authority. Lawyer Motisingh Mohta defended the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12553192", "title": "High court seeks reply on CBI's closure report", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court has sought reply from the Centre, CBI, CVC and BSNL within 10 days on a PIL seeking quashing of CBI's closure report in connection with the alleged masking of ISD calls by private service providers with the aid and support of some officers and employees of the BSNL.A bench of Justice Imitiyaz Murtaza and Justice SVS Rathore passed the said order on the PIL filed by Sandeep Pandey. The petitioner also sought further action by the Central Vigilance Commission on the complaint filed in this regard on June 10, 2005. The petitioner said that private operators are routing national and international calls through the BSNL's telephone exchange at Allahabad.He said that following the opinion of then director (VTM) tele-monitoring cell Ravi Gandhi, the CBI filed closure report in the matter, but later Gandhi joined a private operator after retirement. The CBI had taken up preliminary probe on the direction of CVC in pursuance with the complaint of June 10, 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "katari (nalanda)", "code": "12552966", "title": "Agatha Sangma lauds Nitish govt", "text": "KATARI (NALANDA): Union minister of state for rural development Agatha Sangma reached Katari village under Rajgir block in Nalanda district on Thursday study the progress made by womenfolk of the state through self help groups (SHGs) and village organizations under the state government and World Bank-sponsored Jeevika.One hundred sixteen-member strong Kranti village organization (VO) comprising 11 SHGs, which covers 116 households out of 167 at the village, informed the Union minister that they were engaged in varied economic activities ranging from farming to dairy, which had made them self dependent.'It is a great experience to be here,\" she said.. She hoped that under the leadership of Nalanda DM Sanjay Kumar Agarwal, who recently bagged national award from her ministry for implementing MNREGA in the district, the other central rural schemes would also be successful here. The Union minister said: \"Under Nitish Kumar, Bihar has developed leaps and bounds and as minister I support the demand of special category status to the state as it is genuine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12553018", "title": "More area 'protected' at Nagzira, Navegaon, Bor", "text": "PUNE: The state government has increased the area coming under the Nagzira wildlife sanctuary in Bhandara district, Navegaon national park in Gondia district and Bor wildlife sanctuary in Wardha district for conservation and protection of big cats.Both Nagzira and Navegaon have also been proposed as tiger reserves.Meanwhile, the government has issued a notification adding 152 sq km area to Nagzira, 122 sq km to Navegaon and 60 sq km to Bor. The total area for wildlife in the Nagzira wildlife sanctuary and the Navegaon national park has increased from 285 sq km to 559 sq km. The two protected areas are close to each other and contain source populations of tigers, hence their importance. They are also linked with the Pench-Tadoba corridor.Speaking to TOI, additional principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) Nagpur A K Saxena said that a government resolution has been issued in this regard. \"The expansion in the protected areas will help in better conservation of wildlife. Movement of tigers, leopards and other wildlife species has been noticed there, so the addition in area will provide adequate protection to them.\"\"Additionally, the government has notified about 60 sq km area adjoining the existing Bor wildlife sanctuary in Wardha district. Our next step will be to see that both Nagzira and Navegaon are declared as tiger reserves. Territorial land has been included in the protected area,'' he added.Chidanand Reddy, forest range officer, Bor wildlife sanctuary, said the tiger population was increasing in Maharashtra. The expansion in the sanctuary area was required to reduce man-animal conflict, since there were villages surrounding the sanctuary.Prafulla Bhambhurkar, manager, Wildlife Trust of India (WTI), who has been working in the central India tiger landscape for the past three decades, said that the conversion of these forests to protected areas will keep wildlife on high priority, while planning management of the area. \"This important decision will aid our objective of securing the most crucial corridor to maintain north-south continuity in central Indian landscape forever. It will also help in the creation of the proposed Nagzira-Navegaon tiger reserves,\" he said.WTI is working to secure wildlife corridor connectivity between Nagzira and Navegaon and is against the widening of NH 6 to four lanes, since this would pose a threat to the tigers besides other wildlife that use the corridor.Aditya Joshi, field officer, WTI, said that tigers needed large home range with a good prey base. \"Protected areas with limited land can hold only some animals. The extension also brings the boundary of the protected area in contact with NH-6, which cuts across the Nagzira-Navegaon corridor affecting crucial wildlife connectivity. Animals killed on roads are often reported from here,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12551458", "title": "Lobby hard for investment and all would be well, says Sule", "text": "NAGPUR: This seemed like lip service from affluent Western Maharashtra to poor cousin Vidarbha. NCP Supremo Sharad Pawar's daughter Supriya Sule , who recalled fond memories of Nagpur from her childhood and trips to Tadoba with her father during winter sessions of assembly, also expressed deep concern over Vidarbha's plight.For her the problem, often attributed to state government's neglect, had a rather simple solution. \"You just need to lobby hard for your region, tie up with FIand CII and it will help in bringing investment. Even we lobby for our constituency and there is nothing wrong in it,\" she said and that was it. Of course she also expressed the need of having more irrigation facilities here but just skimmed the topic.On demand for separate Vidarbha, Sule said her party was supporting Telangana statehood and would back Vidarbha too provided the local people demanded it. There has to be real public uproar and not a cooked up one, she said.Sule was speaking at a meeting on region's backwardness organized by Vidarbha Economic Development Council (VED). Her speech preceded a detailed presentation on Vidarbha's backlog and the history of statehood demand. Sule too touched upon each of Vidarbha's problems expressing concern over it but stopped short of blaming the state government for them. Neither did she suggest any move from government side, passing the buck to voluntary organizations like VED and local leaders, a pet western Maharashtra tactic to deny other regions their due.When asked if she would tell at least NCP ministers to solve region's problems, her answer: \"They are all seniors, I can only request them.\" On a question by TOI about her assessment of public support to the statehood, she said the public seemed indifferent or maybe content. \"I have only recently begun touring this region but could not see any public support for separate state. They seem rather content. If at all they speak of any hardships, they are very general in nature,\" she said.About the charge of western Maharashtra eating into Vidarbha's share of resources, Sule said she would not agree with that perception. \"Western Maharashtra has its own problems that need to be addressed. The main concern is water. There is a major dry spell with the dams already dry. In fact, Sharad Pawar is touring Baramati to assess the situation,\" she said.For Sule, statehood demand also lacks strong political will. There is hardly any local leader pushing for separate Vidarbha and many are not too keen to leave Maharashtra, she said. \"Even in the Parliament not a single MP raises the demand. In fact, Vidarbha has become a joke. Whenever there is an uproar for Telangana, they say in lighter vein 'lets see if someone is talking about Vidarbha too',\" said Sule.On the region's problems, malnourishment in Melghat touched her the most. For cotton farmers, she said the commerce ministry made a huge mistake by hastily banning exports. \"A MSP of at least Rs 5,000 per quintal is needed for cotton. There is no need to say much about Gadchiroli which is dogged by Naxalism. They say lack of development leads to Naxalism but the rebels actually like backwardness. Or else, why would they blow up roads and oppose investment,\" she said.Vidarbha needed to bring more investment and also get a higher price for its agriculture produce. The forests and mining wealth should be exploited and projected before investors. However, it is a tricky question of allowing development or conserving the forests. Land acquisition was not a problem but many are scared of investing here due to difficult environmental clearances, she said.She appreciated the region's move to get Infosys to invest in Mihan and admitted that she was trying to get the company to choose Hinjewadi near Pune. \"The MIDC scanned the area for 80 acres land that Infosys needed but it could not be done in time and Vidarbha got it. Its good and good lobbying made it happen,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12551911", "title": "Blanket of security for rally in city today", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city, amidst much vigilance, is all set to celebrate Hanuman Jayanthi on Friday. Heavy police bandobust has been put in place for the rally in view of the permission given to Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) leader Praveen Togadia to address the gathering at two places. Special police pickets have been posted near mosques and churches to prevent any untoward incident.About 10,000 police personnel, including the Hyderabad police, 32 battalions of AP Special Police (APSP), four companies of Rapid Action Force (RAF) and 500 police personnel from other districts, would be monitoring the rally.At a press conference here on Thursday, VHP state joint secretary Yaman Singh said they were expecting over two lakh members to participate in the bike rally. \"The participants are requested not to cover their faces and not to hide the vehicle registration numbers with stickers,\" Singh said. VHP supremo Praveen Togadia would flag off the rally and deliver speeches at Gowliguda and Tadban Hanuman temples.The rally is scheduled to start at Gowliguda Hanuman temple at 10 am and pass through Putlibowli, Sultan Bazaar, Ram Kote, Kacheguda crossroads, Narayanguda, Chikkadpally, RTC X Roads, Ashok Nagar X Roads, Gandhi Nagar, Kavadiguda, Praga Tools, Bible House, Bata, Paradise and reach Tadbun Hanuman temple in the evening. Police identified 18 mosques, chillas and five churches on the rally route where static police pickets headed by an official of not less than sub-inspector (SI) rank would be in place.In view of the stone pelting incident at a place of worship during the Hanuman rally in 2010, the RTC crossroads-Musheerabad crossroads stretch would be blocked throughout the day and traffic would also be diverted accordingly.In addition to the main rally, several small rallies would be taken out in their localities in the Old City. In South Zone, rallies would be taken out at Upparabasti in Madannapet, Ghansi Bazaar area in Charminar police limits and Moosabowli Hanuman temple in Moghulpura. Several similar rallies would be taken out from Dhoolpet and Mangalhat.Since Good Friday is also being observed on the same day, the police have sought cooperation from all quarters including organisers of the processions and religious leaders through meetings. Apart from the police, peace committee volunteers would also be on vigil. However, as a precautionary measure, some of the traders near Gulzar Houz have decided to open shops only after the Friday afternoon prayers.Officials said that wine shops would remain shut in the Old City on Friday.Allaying apprehensions of any disturbances, Manish Kumar Sinha, DCP, South Zone, said that the recent communal clashes in Sangareddy would not have a bearing on these festivities. \"We are getting cooperation from all quarters. Police is geared up to handle any situation proactively,\" he maintained.It was in 2010 that communal clashes had erupted in the Old City a day before Hanuman Jayanthi, over the issue of tying religious flags and banners in mixed localities. Curfew was imposed for several days. A decision was then taken to ensure that the flags were removed immediately after the end of the festival. This year, the permission for buntings has been given from March 30 to April 7 to cover both Ram Navami and Hanuman Jayanthi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12553731", "title": "CRPF presses spy drones into battle with Maoists", "text": "NEW DELHI: Getting a hi-tech edge against the Maoists, the CRPF has finally started using 'spy' drones (unmanned aerial vehicles) to pick up ground conversation signals and images of Naxal movement during anti-Naxal operations in the dense forests of Chhattisgarh.After checking effectiveness of these drones in different terrain in the past two years, the force recently used it in an anti-Naxal operation in the jungles of Narayanpur during which a UAV picked up \"real-time imagery\" of movement of Naxal cadres and also relayed the conversation among them.\"The conversation and images picked up by the drones were immediately routed to a squad of CoBRA commandos,\" said a CRPF official, adding that the UAV finally worked with all the devices functioning optimally to give the forces an edge in anti-Naxal operations.He explained that these UAVs were not 'armed' drones and therefore could not be used as combat air-borne object. These were just 'spy' drones fitted with sophisticated equipment for taking high-resolution images and other gadgets which could pick up signals from distance and send it back to the force's control room.The paramilitary force has also recently begun providing its strike units with Global Positioning System (GPS) locators which keep alive the line of communication when radio sets and mobile phones go dead deep inside the jungles.Recently, the CRPF had also successfully tested a mini-UAV 'Netra' in the jungles of Bijapur. It will be exclusively used for reconnaissance of Naxal hideouts in dense forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12552098", "title": "Goa pollution board raps 40 mines for excess production", "text": "PANAJI: Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB) has called representatives of 40 mines for a personal hearing in connection with alleged excess production of iron ore in their respective mines.GSPCB will hear the companies on April 11, 13 and 16, at its office. GSPCB is inquiring into alleged excess production of iron ore since 2005.The board has also issued notices to over 40 mining companies to check the validity of environment clearance issued by the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF). Goa has 336 valid mining leases of which 90 are operating.\"The managements of the mining companies are hereby directed to remain present before the chairman of the board in order to submit further say as to why appropriate legal action as specified under the Water (Prevention And Control Of Pollution) Act 1974 and under Section 31(A) of the Air (Prevention And Control Of Pollution) Act 1981, should not be initiated against you for operating your mine unit in a manner that amounts to a violation of the conditions as stipulated in the renewed consent to operate orders issued to your mine unit by this board under the water act and under the air act,\" the notice signed by member secretary said.GSPCB officials said if there is any violation to the consent to operate order which specifies the limit of extraction of ore, GSPCB will revoke the consent to operate order for that particular mine.At the first hearing on excess production in October 2011, 48 lessees said they have exported ore from dumps in their mines and sought more time to furnish details. Mapusa-based NGO Goa Foundation has filed a public interest petition in the high court of Bombay at Goa on excess production of ore violating the EC. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12552890", "title": "Choubey embarks on second leg of \u2018swasthya yatra\u2019", "text": "PATNA: Health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey on Thursday embarked on his second leg of Jan Swasthya Chetna Yatra which was flagged off by governor Devanand Konwar.Launching the yatra, Konwar said that although the state health department has been active in providing better healthcare facilities to the people of the state, a lot more needs to be done to streamline it. He said that the government's prime focus should be on providing medicare to the people living at villages. Konwar praised Choubey's effort of reaching masses through his earlier yatras and hoped this yatra will too be successful like the previous ones.Choubey, on the occasion, said that the yatra aims to bring health services to the doorsteps of the common people, besides create awareness amongst them about leading a healthy life. He completed the first leg of the yatra in February this year. Choubey started off his second leg of yatra from Harivanshpur under Masaurhi block in Patna district. He also said that in the last week of April, a 'health kumbh' would be organized at every district headquarters of the state.State BJP president Dr C P Thakur, who was also present on the occasion, said, \"Although we have come close to the national average with respect to several health parameters, the time has come when we should go for international standards.\"Choubey said that during last year's yatra, 33 lakh people were treated at 11,000 health camps across the state, adding this year the yatra aims at reaching out to one crore people. The minister said that the yatra would conclude at Bhagalpur on April 29-30 where a 'Health Mahakumbh' would be organized on the occasion, graced by the governor, chief minister, deputy chief minister, Yoga guru Baba Ramdev and Swami Niranjanand of Munger Yogapeeth. A Ganga `mahaarti' will also be held on the occasion, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12551810", "title": "'Kamat govt could not deliver justice to prematurely retired government employees'", "text": "PANAJI: After announcing in his budget speech that the 5,000 liberation golden jubilee bonus would be extended to all group A and B category employees, Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar seems to be continuing with populism.Parrikar on Monday has told a delegation of Goa Association of Prematurely Retired Government Employees (GAPRGE) that he will resolve their grievances by May 2012.The prematurely retired government employees were forced to retire at the age of 58 years and are seeking to be adequately compensated for the loss in years of service.The delegation also handed over a copy of the representation addressed to the earlier chief minister which is awaiting the final decision of the government.M V Rivankar, president of GAPRGE said \"despite a high court verdict declaring the order passed by the then government reducing the age of retirement to 58 years as illegal, the then government could not deliver justice to the rightful demands of prematurely retired government employees.\"\"This has created a sense of frustration among the old retired employees, who are senior citizens,\" he added. Vice-president of GAPRGE Rumaldo Fernandes, Secretary Cruz Palha, executive member Rohidas Ghatwal and treasurer Mohandas Mahambre were part of the delegation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551516", "title": "Man wins Rs 5L mediclaim payout", "text": "MUMBAI: The consumer forum recently ordered an insurance company and a third party administrator ( TPA) to pay Rs 2 lakh compensation for denying mediclaim to a Khar resident.National Insurance Company Ltd and Heritage Health Service Pvt Ltd (TPA) will have to pay Krishna Sharma (78) the insurance amount of Rs 3 lakh. The compensation amount includes 9% interest on the insurance amount from June 2005 until payment and Rs 13,000 for causing mental agony.During the validity of the medical insurance policy, in March 2005, Sharma was admitted to a hospital in Bandra for angioplasty. He incurred total expenditure of Rs 3.74 lakh and filed his claim in May 2005. However, in June 2005, his claim was rejected on the grounds of \"pre-existing disease and non disclosure of information\". He contended that at the time of availing the mediclaim policy, the insurance company's doctor had conducted a checkup and there was no mention of him suffering from hypertension and diabetes. Aggrieved, he filed a complaint in the forum on June 14, 2007. The insurance company denied that its agent had complied with all formalities, including Sharma's medical checkup.The company claimed that Sharma had arranged for his checkup and medical reports submitted by him at the time of taking the policy, do not show that he was suffering from hypertension and diabetes. However, the hospital's medical report where his angioplasty was conducted shows that he was suffering from hypertension since 12 years and diabetes since a decade.The forum said it was clear from the hospital's discharge certificate that Sharma was hospitalized for unstable angina and not for hypertension or diabetes. It also stated that after examining the hospital's discharge card it found that words \"since 12 years and 10 years\" had been added later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12551680", "title": "16 minors rescued from Old Delhi Station", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sixteen boys, including four from Nepal, were rescued from platform Nos. 10 and 11 of Old Delhi railway station around 10am on Thursday.Senior police officers of Central district were informed early morning about the boys reaching Delhi on Brahmaputra Mail. Police acted promptly and the station house officer of the Kamla Market police station also reached the spot with his team. Cops laid a trap around the train and found the children in a compartment. Five traffickers were arrested.The rescue operation, jointly carried by Delhi police and the railway police, was carried out after receiving a complaint from Bachpan Bachao Andolan, an NGO.Sources said traffickers had provided a separate ticket to each child. The accused told police that the boys were being trafficked to Ludhiana on pretext of better career opportunities, said an NGO official.\"The minors are in the age group of nine to 16 years and come from villages in Bihar, West Bengal &amp; Nepal. Officials say the boys were being trafficked to Ludhiana's garment factories, shops and farms. The traffickers had promised them a better life and higher wages,\" said Kailash Satyarthi, chairperson, Bachpan Bachao Andolan. Some NGO activists took part in the raid.\"It is highly unfortunate that Delhi is increasingly becoming a hub of trafficking. The capital city is the epicentre, with children from different states being trafficked via Delhi. This fact is reinstated with the illegal functioning of over 2,000 placement agencies in the capital,\" Satyarthi said.Cops said they would trace and inform the parents of these kids. A 14-year-old from Nepal said, \"I have eight siblings and my parents died recently. A man promised me a good life and convinced me to come with him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12552269", "title": "CM favours Adani, ignores farmers' woes: Gohil", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Leader of opposition in legislative assembly Shaktisinh Gohil has alleged that chief minister Narendra Modi was favouring his friend Adani by giving him gas at cheap prices. On the other hand, Modi was shirking responsibility when it came to giving subsidy to farmers.Gohil in a statement said CM buys gas at higher rate and provides it to his friend Adani at cheaper rate. But in case of groundnut oil, he blamed the problem of high price on the central government and did not offer subsidy.The Congress leader said that Modi blames the Centre whenever he has to give relief to people. However, he has no problem in give relief to the tune of billions of rupees to his friends. In the past, Congress used to buy groundnut and groundnut oil through GROFED, district bodies and co-operative societies, which enabled creating buffer stock.Modi is allowing the oil millers to increase the prices as he collecting money from them in the name of 'Dhan Sanchay Scheme' of BJP , Gohil claimed, adding that the same was obvious from the fact that there is not a single raid on these millers.After the Congress at Centre provided relief of Rs 20,000 crore in interest to the farmers by abolished debts. Still Modi only criticized the government and did nothing to provide farmers any relief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12553209", "title": "Two contract killers arrested", "text": "KANPUR: The police arrested two contract killers near Brijendra Swaroop Park in Colonelganj on Thursday.Identified as Gaurav Verma and Om Narain Verma, the two hail from Ashok Nagar area.According to DIG Amitabh Yash, the duo were planning to eliminate principal of St Paul School Ajit Enson of Arya Nagar and taken a 'supari' of Rs 47,000 for the murder.Two country-made pistols and four cartridges were seized from their possession. A case has been registered against them.\"The police have also recovered the 'supari' amount worth Rs 47,000 and a black motorcycle from them. During questioning, Gaurav and Om Narain confessed to have taken 'supari' and were on their way to kill Ajit Enson, but failed to do so when they came in a trap laid by the police,\" a police officer said.According to the police, the two were into a legal battle with Ajit. The DIG said that the operation was carried by a team of Colonelganj police station after they got a tip-off about criminals on way to Brijendra Swaroop Park area to target Ajit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551768", "title": "'Start circular bus routes on strike day'", "text": "MUMBAI: Activists want to use the auto strike on April 16 as an \"opportunity\" to promote circular bus routes in the suburbs. According to them, these services will stop the monopoly of auto driverss as people will have an alternative mode of transport. Consumer activist Sunil Mone said, \"The common man has had enough of auto drivers holding the city to ransom. He is helpless and is looking for some alternative transport system, especially during peak hours.I have approached BEST with the proposal of circular bus routes in the suburbs.\" In his memorandum to BEST on Thursday, he stated, \"I want BEST to operate round-routes like those in the island city.\"the existing ones: route no 100 at Nariman Point, the Fort Ferry from CST to Fort-Regal-Nariman Point-Churchgate and back to CST.\"Activist A V Shenoy said the services should be in the north-south corridor and on feeder routes. \"The BEST can conduct a survey and have trial runs before finalizing them.\"Some of the routes Mone suggested in his memorandum to BEST are: Andheri station (E)-Sahar Road highway-Goldspot junction Teli Galli and back; Vile Parle station (E)-Nehru Road-highway -service road-Hanuman Road and back; Lower Parel to Worli Naka and back; Bandra station (E) -Kala Nagar-Government Colony and back; Link Road Chikuwadi to Borivli station and back; Garware Junction in Andheri (E) to the international airport and back as on Fort Ferry,\"Mone, who has submitted a list of routes to BEST, added the first trial run should be held on the day of the strike said.He added, \"A separate colour combination for identifying these vehicles can also be considered. The timings of these buses should be only during the morning and evening peak hours and there could be monthly passes for regular office-goers.\" Mone has demanded that the first trial run of buses should be on April 16, when the auto drivers go on a state-wide strike.Saying they will look into the suggestions, a BEST official said, \"We will run extra buses on strike day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12551633", "title": "Korchi area dalam member arrested in 8-yr-old arms case", "text": "NAGPUR: Gittikhadan police have arrested Dinesh Wankhede, a former Korchi area dalam member, after seeking his custody on a production warrant from Purada court in Gadchiroli. The cops brought Dinesh, who was lodged at Chandrapur jail, to Gittikhadan police station on Thursday morning for investigation in cases registered against him in 2004.Dinesh, also a member of the Naxal central technical team, has worked for quite some time in Bastar region. He was wanted in two cases registered under the Arms Act in Gittikhadan police station in 2004.Dinesh was produced before the remand court after being arrested. Sources said that Dinesh had refused to sign the remand application despite the holiday court magistrate urging him to complete the formality. Dinesh refused to sign the documents in the absence of his defence counsel. He has been remanded till April 7.During arguments for custody, the police argued before the court that it needed enough time to trace Dinesh's accomplices. They also underlined the need to find more details about the arms manufactured and their use.Three Naxals, now acquitted, had been arrested after a team of city cops busted their arms manufacturing unit and raided some of their dens in Mankapur, Borgaon, Anant Nagar and couple of other places. Sources said that many firearms and Naxal literature was found at these dens. However, Dinesh and three others had sneaked out of the city after the raid.Dinesh had remained elusive until Maharashtra anti-terrorist squad (ATS), Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal police zeroed down on a hideout at Dombivli on the outskirts of Mumbai, where he was engaged in illegal manufacturing arms. Dinesh was arrested along with three others and brought to Gadchiroli for further investigation. Gadchiroli police had unearthed the arms factory at Neral in Raigadh district after interrogation of Dinesh and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12552226", "title": "Post office eyes financial sector, to have ATMs for its account holders", "text": "JAIPUR: Soon post offices in state will have ATMs too. A total of 23 head posts offices in the state have been identified where the ATMs will be installed by the department of post (DoP).As part of its modernization process, the department will initially set up the ATMs in Jaipur, Ajmer and Jodhpur regions. \"It is a pilot project which has been initiated in five states among which Rajasthan is one. We are working on the feasibility of the project and is expecting to start it by the year end,\" said Rajiv Singh, chief post master general, Rajasthan circle.The ATMs will be installed on the premises of branch offices and the facility will be available only for saving account holders. \"We have 1.3 crore accounts in Rajasthan and we are already in some sort of financial services. Last year, our net balance was Rs 7.5 lakh crore for small saving which makes us the largest bank in the country. Even in Rajasthan, we have more branches than gram panchayats. So ATMs will be another stepping stone in getting into the core banking services,\" Singh said.The ATM services will be a major boost for the saving account holders in the post offices as they need not to go to the counter for withdrawing money. Initially, it will be functional only at the post office ATMs but the department is mulling to extend its services at other ATMs too. \"The mode of operation is yet to be decided but certainly in future the cards can be accessed at other ATMs too,\" Ashok Kumar, director (HQ and marketing), said.\"We are in the process of finalizing the companies for technical support and have appointed Accenture as the consultant who is guiding us on the project. But before opening it for the public, we will run it on a trial basis for six months, to find out hitches if there are any in the system,\" Kumar said.DoP has selected five major technology companies for five of its technology advancement projects. It has issued Letter of Intent to Infosys for two projects which are Rural System and Financial Services Integration.The postal department is already eyeing the financial markets in the country. The huge network reaching out to the farthest and remotest areas of the country works in the advantage of the postal department. \"We would like to be in the financial services. We are making attempts to seek permission from the Reserve Bank of India to allow us to grant small ticket finances in rural areas. We have network advantage with us,\" Singh said.BoxRegionName of the head postJaipurAlwar, Jaipur GPO, Jaipur SNR, HindaunAjmerAjmer, Madanganj, Nasirabad, Beawar, Tonk, Bundi, Uniara S.O.JodhpurBarmer, Churu, Jaisalmer, Jodhpur, Pali, Nagaur, Hanumangarh, Ratangarh, Didwana, Jhunjhunu, Chohtan S.O.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12557463", "title": "Billa 2\u2019s Tamil Nadu Theatrical rights", "text": "Billa 2's theatrical rights for Tamil Nadu still remain to be sold. Industry sources say that the producers are expecting a huge sum for this and discussions with some leading distributors are on.The announcement regarding the film's audio and trailer launch will be made next week by Sunil Kheterpal, we hear.The film's release has been pushed to June second week due to the IPL matches. With the IPL going on till May 25th, the filmmakers do not want to take a risk and have planned out a June release.Billa 2 stars Ajith in the title role with Parvathy Omanakuttan, Bruna Abdullah, Vidyut Jamval and others in the star cast. Yuvan Shankar Raja has scored the music for this film.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12553140", "title": "Warder injured as jailed women fight", "text": "TRICHY: In an unusual incident recently, two women prisoners picked up a quarrel with each other over a small issue of getting water from a tap inside the special prison for women in Trichy. As a consequence of their fight, a lady warder who intervened to solve the problem sustained injuries on her left hand due to the attack. The incident took place on March 3 at 10.30 am when the prisoners were in queue to bring water from a tap inside the prison.K Gnanasoundari (32) and her sister Latha (31) of Kanyakumari district were accused of theft that occurred in Kovilpatti in Tuticorin district. Both of them were remanded as the case was sub-judice. Another accused, K Pandiammal, convicted in a criminal case, was forced by the duo to bring water for them. As she refused to do so, a quarrel erupted in which Pandiammal was attacked by the accused sisters.As tension built up in the premises, the lady warder intervened to solve the problem. However, the sisters hit the warder Saraswathi (44) and she sustained injuries on her left hand. Eventually, the fight ended.In this connection, superintendent of the prison K Jayabharathi lodged a complaint with the Gandhi market police who registered several cases against the accused sisters.Jayabharathi told TOI that both of them were habitual offenders. Further, Latha was already remanded in custody in a murder case and later released. They usually behaved badly, teasing other prisoners. Actually there were two blocks for convicts and remanded prisoners and each should not trespass into the others block.However, the sisters continually broke the rules, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12555831", "title": "Tollywood is not scared of IPL 5", "text": "Since 2008, the IPL juggernaut of cricket, glamour and entertainment has had film producers avoiding big-ticket releases during the season. But as IPL enters its fifth year, that mindset has gone out of the window.With 24 movies and 300 crore riding on them, Bollywood seems to have conquered the fear of releasing films during the IPL season. Tollywood too isn't shying away from debuting interesting movies - you can call it the rub-on effect or producers eyeing the Poila Boishakh weekend collections.From Kaushik Ganguly's \" Laptop\" to Sudeshna Roy and Abhijit Guha's \"Teen Yaari Katha\", from Debaditya Bandopadhyay's \"8.08 er Bonga Local\" to Bappaditya Bandopadhyay's \"Elar Char Adhyay\", from Srijit Mukherji's \" Hemlock Society\" and Raja Chanda's \" Le Halua Le\" and \"Janeman\" to Rajib's \"Bikram Singha: The Lion is Back\" - a number of Bengali movies will be released between April 4 and May 27 this year. Industry sources say, about 15 crore is riding on them.Says Sudeshna, whose \"TYK\" is releasing in May, \"We had released \"Cross Connection\" on May 1 during IPL 2009. It was also the time for elections. But the film ran had a 10-week run. As of now, we are eyeing a May 4 release though we will have to wait for the official confirmation from Prosenjit Chatterjee.\"If \"CC\" could reap such dividends despite the cricket hype, Sudeshna sees no reason for not being optimistic with \"TYK\".Ask Kaushik whether he is ready to take on IPL with his April 13 release of \"Laptop\" and he says, \"If the film doesn't work, I'll always have the IPL alibi! But jokes apart, cricket fatigue has set in with so many games being played throughout the year. Where are the people in the stadium? Even on the opening day of IPL 5, I found that there was only 35% occupancy in one of matches.\"Kaushik's films are more actordriven than star hyped; does that make him more confident about his audience? \"Absolutely. The audience for my kind of cinema will see the score on TV but go to the theatres to watch my film. In my film, Rahul Bose is an actor and not a star.\"But then, even big-ticket, starstudded films are not scared of the IPL hype. \"A film's release depends on good dates. The next such good dates are Poila Boishakh and Jamai Shasthi. In the last two years, we have realized that IPL has hardly affected TV and film viewership. The IPL matches don't have many takers, with many icons no longer playing. The Team Kolkata craze has also gone down substantially. Last year too, we wanted to release a film during IPL but weren't ready,\" says producer Shrikant Mohta.Eyeball race? No wayAdds Shrikant Mohta, \"This year, it was a conscious decision to release \"Le Halua Le\" starring Mithun and Hiran on April 13. We are releasing Srijit Mukherji's \"Hemlock Society\", starring Parambrata and Koel on May 25. That's the Jamai Shasthi week and we'll have only two days of IPL left.\"Plans are on to release Raja Chanda's \"Janeman\" on the same day. \"When we made the movie, we never bothered about IPL. I am trying to complete the shooting of the Koel and Soham-starrer now in Hyderabad. Hopefully, we will be able to release it on May 25,\" he says.Producer Himanshu Dhanuka, who is releasing Prosenjit's \"Bikram Singha: The Lion is Back\", says the release date has been fixed keeping in mind that IPL will be drawing to a close then. \"May 18 is the fag end of IPL and during that time, all the IPL matches are scheduled from 8 pm. Night shows generate 30% business and IPL might affect only 10% of that. We have our fingers crossed. Perhaps, Team Kolkata will not go to the finals. As of now, the date is May 18 though we will take a final call on whether to stick to it or release it on May 25 after checking the interest in IPL.\"Says exhibitor Arijit Dutta, \"Cricket is no longer a big draw. Even after IPL has kickstarted this year, \"Bhooter Bhobisyot\" is running to packed houses. I am hoping that this trend will continue next week as well. If you give content-driven movies based on good performances, people are going to watch them.\"Debaditya feels that his \"8.08 er Bonga Local\" will have takers on its April 27 release irrespective of the fireworks on the field. \"As a viewer, if I am given a choice between braving the heat in the stadium and watching a film in a multiplex, I will opt for the latter. There is too much of cricket and for the kind of movie that I've made, IPL will make no difference. Besides, there is enough space for cricket and films to co-exist. The viewership might get affected on the day of a home match. But that's hardly a reason for pushing the release date to after the IPL,\" Debaditya insists.Bappaditya Bandopadhyay, who is targeting a May 11 release for \"ECA\", says, \"In fact, IPL is a safer time for films like ours to release. If we push the release date to sometime later, there will be an acute shortage of screening space.\"Ex-cricketer Devang Gandhi agrees with Debaditya. \"There's space for both forms of entertainment. Certain people like films and there are others who would rather be in the stadium watching a match. Good movies will always find a market. Personally, I'll go for an IPL match. It has to be cricket for me always.Former footballer and coach Subrata Bhattacharya sees films and cricket as different forms of entertainment. \"Those who love cricket will definitely watch a good match. IPL will get a crowd for a day, but a good film will pull the crowd on all seven days. I don't watch films or IPL.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12552343", "title": "Chargesheet says nothing new", "text": "JAIPUR: In the supplementary chargesheet filed against BJP leader Rajendra Singh Rathore, the CBI has repeated almost all the evidences mentioned in the previous chargesheet filed against other accused seven months ago, sources said.This has raised a question why the CBI took almost 10 months to arrest Rathore when arrests of other accused had begun since March last year. The previous chargesheet was filed on June 3,2011.The major chunk of evidence against Rathore is the phone calls exchanged between him and the suspended additional DGP AK Jain. As per the chargesheet, both the accused, who have been arrested by the CBI, were in constant touch with each other through phone before and after the encounter on October 23, 2006.The CBI has attached 248 documents and has mentioned 292 witnesses. Rathore has been booked under sections 120B (criminal conspiracy) along with 302, 364, 346, 201 and 218 of IPC. There are about 40 new witnesses in the supplementary chargesheet.As per sources, the chargesheet says that Rathore and Jain were in touch with each other from October 4 till October 19. Dara Singh's accomplice Vijendra alias Telia who had surrendered before the SOG fearing that he would be killed in an encounter, was made to speak with Rajendra Singh Rathore by then additional SP Arshad Ali from the SOG custody. Telia sought forgiveness from Rathore. However, Dara remained on Rathore's hit list.As per the chargesheet, Rajendra Singh Rathore spoke with Jain on October 4, 2006 following which an SOG team headed by addl SP Arshad Ali was rushed to Sikar, Rajgarh and Churu to search for Dara. Rathore called up Jain next day also following which Jain sought permission from the state government to intercept calls of Dara's friend Telia on October 6. Then Rathore made two calls to Jain on October 16 following which SOG teams were again rushed to some areas in Dara's search.On October 17, ADG Jain started the process to announce the cash reward on Dara Singh . On October 19, Rajendra Rathore called up Jain again and subsequently a liquor contractor Vijay Kumar Choudhary was arrested with Rs 6 lakh cash.The CBI says that Rathore spoke with Jain on October 25, two days after the encounter. The call lasted for about 199 seconds. After receiving call from Rathore, Jain immediately called Arshad Ali lasting about 54 seconds. On October 27, four days after the encounter, Rathore made two calls to Jain. On October 31, Jain called Rathore.In an addition, CBI chargesheet says that Rathore used to celebrate every festival at his home constituency Taranagar in Churu. He was in Taranagar on the night of Diwali in 2006 (October 21), but he came to Jaipur the next day of Diwali which is celebrated as Ram Rami in the local area. At that time, Dara was in SOG's illegal detention. On October 23, he was killed in the fake encounter.According to sources, the chargesheet also says that after Dara's encounter which triggered widespread demonstrations in Churu's Rajgarh, Rathore threatened one of the demonstrators with dire consequences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12552838", "title": "Specialized agency to probe countermanded Rajya Sabha polls", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand high court on Thursday directed the Election Commission of India to get the countermanded Rajya Sabha elections in the state probed by Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).The Election Commission had countermanded the Rajya Sabha polls in the state on March 30 following the allegations of horse trading. Rs 2.15 crore was seized in cash from a car owned by the relative of an independent Rajya Sabha candidate, hours before the RS polls began in Jharkhand.State Congress president Pradeep Balmuchu, one of the five candidates for the March 30 Rajya Sabha elections, had moved the Jharkhand high court urging it to quash the Election Commission's decision to countermand the polls. The high court reserved its judgment on Tuesday after having heard Balmachu's writ petition.On Thursday, the division bench of the high court comprising Chief Justice Prakash Tantia and Justice Aparesh Kumar turned down the petitioner's plea to declare results of the RS election but upheld the plea for conducting investigation.The court also rejected a public interest litigation (PIL) in the same matter filed by Congress leader Jaishankar Pathak and slapped fine of Rs 1 lakh on him.Pathak, in his PIL, had contended that the Election Commission did not give a hearing to all the political parties and particularly the RS poll candidates. He also prayed that the commission was not authorized to stall the process of elections.However, the court refused to entertain his plea under the category of PIL and accordingly slapped a fine of Rs 1lakh on him.The court observed that since it was a \"grave case of involvement of money power, horse trading and influence relating to process of election of council of states, wherein voters are members of legislative assembly\", the matter should be investigated by CBI to probe into the criminality of any persons involved.Appearing on behalf of the petitioners, advocate Sumit Garodia contended that the EC could not have stopped the process of election by giving reference to recovery of Rs 2.15 crore which may have been used (alleged) in connection with election on behalf of one of the independent candidates, R K Agarwal.\"This incident, the petition said, could not vitiate the entire election process and, therefore, recommendation of the Election Commission to the President is not tenable in the eyes of law,\" he argued.While Pathak in his petition claimed that certain irregularities committed by three voters during process of casting their votes, as was informed by the returning officer to the Election Commission, and allegation of use of money and horse trading could not be basis of cancelling the entire election process.In response to the part in which the petitioner claimed that the election as a whole could not have been cancelled without affording an opportunity of hearing to the writ petitioners, the court said that the commission itself has not countermanded the election instead recommended it to the President.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "12553267", "title": "Sikhs protest college barring boy with kripan", "text": "ROURKELA: Tension prevailed for hours in Rourkela College on Thursday after college authorities debarred a Sikh student from appearing in the university examination for carrying his 'kripan', a traditional weapon carried by members of the Sikh community.Three other non-Sikh community students also did not appear in the examination, protesting the decision of the college authorities, while hundreds of Sikhs assembled in front of the college, protesting against the incident.The Sikh boy and three of his friends were finally allowed to take the examination about three hours later after several senior district administration officials rushed to the spot and intervened in the matter. A written apology was also submitted by the principal of the college to pacify the Sikh community.According to sources, when Harwinder Singh, a third year ex-regular student of Rourkela College, was entering the examination hall, a group of college staff noticed his kripan hanging under his shirt and asked him to keep the weapon outside the hall. Harwinder tried to explain to the college authorities the Sikh tradition of carrying the article upon one's person at all times but the college authorities were adamant on their stand and refused to allow him to enter the examination hall with the kripan.Naveen Jain, Ashok Mohanty and Bimal Mallick -- three of his classmates -- also boycotted the examination, showing solidarity with Harwinder.Sikh community members tried to reason with the college principal, informing him about a Supreme Court order that Sikhs are allowed to carry their kripan even in tight securities areas like aircrafts. \"We tried our best to convince the principal and staff of the college but they were rigid on their stand and there was no sympathy for the career of Harwinder and the other three boys,\" said Gurmeet Singh, president of Gurudwara Prabandhak Committee.Finding no other alternative, members of the community staged a demonstration to draw the attention of the district administration, following which senior district officials like sub-collector S B Mishra and Rourkela additional SP Sudarsan Sethi reached the spot. The matter was also brought to the knowledge of examination controller of Sambalpur University, who granted a special permission to the four students to appear in the examination, after about three hours of examination starting time.Pradeep Kumar Jena, principal of the college, was forced to submit a written apology to the Sikh community for hurting their sentiments. \"I had no intention of hurting the sentiments of the Sikh community but the problem occurred due to inadvertent interpretation of the examination law for which I am extremely sorry,\" Jena mentioned in his apology letter.The Sikh community thanked the district administration for their intervention and support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12555948", "title": "Titanic 3D, worth the price?", "text": "For the romance, sure. But fork out for the face lift, and you may experience that sinking feelingThree hours and 15 minutes later, it's sweet relief to part ways with the 3D glasses before they grow roots on your face. Titanic makes for as captivating a viewing 15 years later, for its epic scale, the romance, the cheese and the mush, and most famously, the scene where a blushing Jack paints Rose wearing only the famous diamond. The sinking of the ship still makes you gasp, but can you credit the 3D for wringing out a more emotional response?Probably not. It will wring out your wallet, for the 3D is underwhelming. No matter how much of a technical perfectionist James Cameron is, he isn't a magician to convert a film shot in 2D and make it look like it was always destined for 3D. For the first two hours, you flick your 3D glasses up and down and no enriching 3D action. Except that without the glasses, the scenes look brighter. The second half shows the deft handling of the medium. You feel it most when the ship snaps into two or where they're looking down at the freezing ocean when the sinking ship is vertical.On the 100th anniversary of the sinking of the Titanic, the makers of the 11 Oscar-winner released the 3D version after 60 weeks of work and a whopping $18 million. Luckily, we are sentimental people and out of the generosity of our hearts (and our repressed hormones), will pay up happily. The film doesn't feel dated, Kate Winslet is radiant, Leo is boyish and spontaneous, and their chemistry is pure magic.Cameron made one change in the 3D version, thanks to the astronomer Neil deGrasse Tyson . When Rose is floating on a plank of wood, he said that the position of the stars in the night sky was all wrong. Cameron demanded the right position and has changed the scene. We would've happily voted for Celine Dion's schmaltzy My Heart Will Go On to meet a watery grave instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12553955", "title": "4 staff in the dock for wrong information", "text": "MYSORE: In a serious administrative lapse, the MCC has given erroneous information to an application who had sought the same under the Right to Information Act.Taking stern action, corporation commissioner K S Raykar has issued showcause notices to four staff, including assistant commissioner Sridhar and office superintendent Kumaraswamy. They have been given two days to reply, and action will be based on their replies.The lapse surfaced when MCC was cornered over the allotment of desktop computers and peripherals to government schools in ward 37. Social activists had taken the information under the RTI and cross-checked it with the beneficiaries schools, after finding some differences. While there were complaints of scam, the MCC said it is erroneous information issued that led to the suspicion.Raykar said: \"It is a serious lapse and action will be initiated.\" He indicated that the staff could be suspended pending a probe. \"Since the law requires that such lapses by gazetted officers have to be reported to the government, we will inform the higher-ups,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12552284", "title": "Elaborate traffic measures in place for IPL matches", "text": "JAIPUR: With the fifth edition of the Indian Premier League (IPL), cricket fever is all set to take the city in its grip.The city traffic police have planned elaborate traffic arrangements for smooth flow of traffic around the Sawai Mansingh Stadium here for the match between Rajasthan and Punjab teams on Friday. The traffic police have made the arrangements keeping in mind that a large number of cricket lovers who would come to witness the first IPL match of the season to be played at the stadium.\"We have prepared a complete plan for traffic movement and parking facilities for the spectators,\" deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Rohit Mahajan said.As per the traffic police plans, spectators who will enter the stadium from the east gate for the east stand could park their vehicles at SMS Investment ground. The parking space for the spectators who will enter the stadium for the north stand will be at SMS Investment Ground (Ambedkar Circle side), for spectators who will enter from the west gate, they will get parking facility at Amroodon Ka Bagh and for the VIPs, who will go to the south stand could take their vehicles inside to park them at the football ground. Also, spectators could park their vehicles at Pankaj Singhi Marg.Mahajan said they would take action against those who park their vehicles on the road.Besides, the traffic police would decide on traffic diversions as per the requirement. \"We will plan traffic diversions on requirement. We will try to retain the same traffic system but in case of heavy traffic, we will make diversions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12552372", "title": "Anti-Maoist operations: UAVs finally show results for para troopers", "text": "NEW DELHI: After almost two years of painstaking efforts, the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) has successfully used unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) to pick up ground conversation and movement of Maoist cadres in the terrains of Chhattisgarh.A special squad of the anti-Maoist force recently undertook an operation in the jungles of Narayanpur district during which a UAV was not only able to pick up \"real-time imagery\" of movement of Maoist cadres but also relayed the conversation among them.\"The conversation picked up by the radars of the UAV was immediately routed to a squad of CoBRA commandos. The UAV experiment has finally worked with all the devices of the machine functioning optimally to give the forces an edge in anti-Maoist operations,\" a senior CRPF officer said.The CRPF field commanders have also begun using the modern Android phones for co-ordinates of the difficult terrain and other rebel hotbed locations in the state.\"The images gathered by the UAV are much better than what is available on Google map and Terra explorer. The Android phones are giving us good information about the inhabited areas,\" the officer said.CRPF along with other forces and technical experts drawn from the Army and the NSG, has been trying to deploy UAVs for operational planning since April 2010, when 75 CRPF men and a state police personnel were killed in a deadly Maoist ambush in Chhattisgarh's Dantewada district.The force has also begun providing its strike units with global positioning system locators which keep alive the line of communication when radio sets and mobile phones go dead deep inside the jungles. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12552023", "title": "Two Delhi University students robbed near Metro station", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two Delhi University students, including a girl, were robbed by two unidentified men in North Campus on Thursday. The victims are BSc second-year students of St. Stephen's College, said police.Police said the students were walking towards the Metro station around 6pm when the assailants waylaid them on Chhatra Marg, near the vice-chancellor's office. One of the assailants threatened the woman with a knife and took away her purse,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12551951", "title": "Court asks MCD to pay Rs 10L as damages", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has asked Municipal Corporation of Delhi to pay close to Rs 10 lakh as compensation to the kin of a woman who died after being hit by a MCD truck four years ago.Dismissing the civic agency's plea for reduction of compensation, Justice G P Mittal increased the amount. The court accepted the submissions of the deceased's husband that she was involved in tailoring work with a monthly income was Rs 7,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12552718", "title": "Santhigiri fest to showcase tribal artefacts", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Tribes India, a TRIFED initiative for marketing tribal art and craft, will open an exclusive pavilion for tribal artefacts at the Santhigiri fest here.The festival will be held from April 12 to May 31 at Santhigiri Ashram, Pothencode.The pavilion will be inaugurated by Mahadev S Khandela, Union MoS for tribal affairs on April 12, said Jiji Thomson, MD, TRIFED.The proposed pavilion will showcase intricately handcrafted materials in various categories like textiles, embroidery, metal craft, tribal jewellery, bamboo products, stone pottery and paintings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12554346", "title": "Christian hymns with Punjabi touch", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On Good Friday , a group of 30 boys and girls will narrate the story of how Jesus Christ was crucified and his last supper with his disciples not with the traditional hymns in Queen's language but in local Punjabi at Catholic Church, Sector 19, Chandigarh.Roti tu Zindagi di Yashu Khawa de Aabe Hyaat naal tu saanu Pyal de... is not any Punjabi number but the traditional Christian hymn with a Punjabi touch. The most important hymn that the group will sing is the one which tells how during the last supper with his 12 disciples, Christ asked them to share a piece of bread which symbolizes his body and blood.\"In fact last time when we were singing the traditional hymns, after the programme, a small Sikh child approached us and asked us why we don't sing it in Punjabi. It was then we decided to sing it in Punjabi as well,\" said Sameer, the head of the choir.He further added, \"Another reason is that Chandigarh is dominated by Punjabis and we don't want it to be an all-Christian function. It is day to be remembered by all. We want that everyone should get to know what exactly happened the day Christ was crucified.\"\"There are several Punjabis also who come to the church with full devotion but don't understand the meaning of our hymns so it's for everyone,\" said Gaurav, another musician of the church.It has been seven years that the same group sings the hymns but this is for the first time that Punjabi hymns will echo in the Church.\"We are Punjabis but we visit the church on every such occasion. As the accent the singers use in the English hymns is quite different so we used to understand only little as the hymns tell the whole story as to what happened on that particular day,\" said Gurpreet Kaur, a resident of Sector 19, Chandigarh. She further added, \"It feels great if we would get an opportunity to listen the Christian hymns in our mother tongue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12552905", "title": "Central excise to keep eye on gold business", "text": "PUNE: The 1% excise duty on the trade of unbranded jewellery, proposed in the Union Budget, will help expose gold transactions involving unaccounted for and stolen gold, said Madhu Mohan Damodhar, commissioner, Central Excise and Customs, Pune.The jewellers and manufacturers across the country have been observing an indefinite bandh to protest against the 1% central excise duty on unbranded jewellery.With the Central Excise coming into the picture, it would be difficult to sell stolen gold to jewellers as the jewellers would have to keep a detailed record of gold purchase. This will also help the government curb laundering of black money.The jewellers are also asked to keep a record of the permanent account number (PAN) of the customers purchasing jewellery worth Rs 5 lakh and above. The recording of the PAN will help trace the buyers and their income sources.Speaking to TOI, Damodhar said, \"As per the notification, 1% central excise will be charged on the 30% value of the jewellery, which would be negligible. The jewellers will have to keep the record meticulously. When it comes to the excise department, we demand authentic information of the source from whom the material has come, size and value of the material, records of processing, jewellery made from it and daily trading, among others. All the information provided to excise department has to be supported by authentic receipts and PAN numbers, wherever needed.\"All these measures will help curb malpractices such as purchasing gold from black market, buying and selling gold on temporary receipts and trading on lower than market value.If a jeweller fails to provide authentic receipts of transactions at his shop, he will be penalised as per regulations. The 1% duty does not intend to harass anybody, he said.For instance, if a customer purchases unbranded jewellery worth Rs 1 lakh, the 1% excise duty will be charged on 30% of the purchase value. It means the central excise duty will be calculated on Rs 30,000 and not on Rs 1 lakh.One per cent of Rs 30,000 is Rs 300, which the jeweller will have to pay for sale of Rs 1 lakh worth of jewellery. Naturally, the jeweller will recover it from the customer, but it is negligible for the buyer spending Rs 1 lakh, said Sanjay Bhargave, chairperson of Central Excise Committee, Mahratta Chamber of Commerce, Industries and Agriculture.However, the jewellers have strongly opposed invoking 1% excise duty citing difficulties in maintaining records. Fatehchand Ranka, president of Maharashtra Rajya Saraf Mahamandal said, \"The prices of gold fluctuate continuously, which would create a problem while submitting records to the department. The price we will be quoting at the time of submission to excise department can vary from the price at the time of verification. The jewellers fear that they may have to face action in such cases.\"He added: \"The excise department demands detailed records of jewellery items in stock and their categorization, which is easy in automobiles and engineering sectors. In our business, there are too many categories depending upon the carat and size. It is practically difficult to keep such records, or we will have to spend more time in keeping records and receipts than actual doing our business.\"The market experts said sand suppliers, land dealers, estate agents, government contractors, construction material suppliers, and foodgrain and fruit traders invest their unaccounted for income in gold. Very few of them pay tax, as their actual income is not calculated; hence many of them do not even have PAN cards.Many of them have shown lower income and escaped the tax net. With excise department coming in the picture, it would help identify investment of black money in gold purchase by these people.Ranka, however, refused to buy the government's claim of curbing black money by charging the excise duty. He said, \"If government claims that black money is invested in purchasing gold biscuits, plates or coins, why it is exempted from excise duty. Why unbranded jewellery is brought under excise net only?\" He further alleged that excise duty on unbranded jewellery would primarily benefit the branded jewellery makers.Bhargave said, \"The important aspect of the excise duty is establishing source of gold purchase by the jewellers. Stolen gold is generally sold to jewellers, who melt it, create biscuits and prepare jewellery from it. Such jewellery is sold in the open market. This practice will be stopped as jewellers will have to provide details of every purchase they make.\"He said, \"If someone buys gold biscuits or coins, there is no excise duty. But if the same person returns on the next day and converts the biscuits into jewellery from the jeweler, irrespective of the value, no excise duty will be charged on it. Excise department has exempted other precious metals, which are also used for investments.\"Meanwhile, jewellers will be meeting the Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on April 6 to discuss the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12557534", "title": "Sarath Kumar to solve the problem", "text": "Nadigar Sangam President Sarath Kumar is expected to sort out the problems between the Producers' Council and FEFSI.With the Producers' Council announcing that it would start a new association in place of FEFSI and recommence all the shootings on April 7th, the FEFSI has said that it will go on a complete strike from the same date mentioned above.Though there were several reconciliation efforts to sort out the issues between the FEFSI and Producers' Council all of them did not yield the expected results. The latest news is that Sarath Kumar is trying to sort out the issue amicably so that Kollywood can function normally. With a few days left for the deadline, everyone is keeping their fingers crossed for good results.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12557531", "title": "NRIs fight for ancestral land in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Their properties in motherland are at stake. In another case of alleged land grabbing in Punjab, an NRI settled in England has alleged that his house in his ancestral village, Ghanauli of Ropar district has been illegally occupied by an unknown person.Acting on the complaint of Ranbir Chaudhary, Punjab NRI commission comprising justice (retired) Arvind Kumar and ADGP-cum-member S Chattopadhyaya has asked the Ropar SP to probe the allegations and submit the report on or before April 30.Before the commission, Ranbir Chaudhary stated that after returning from England, he visited his Ghanauli village on April 2. \"I was surprised to see that an unknown person was found to be in possession of my ancestral property. I enquired from him that how he has entered the house and also about the household articles lying in it valued at more than Rs 50,000. However, he told me that the house was lying vacant when he entered the house. He also refused to vacate the house and return the household articles,\" Chaudhary told the commission, adding that matter was reported to the police but they are putting off the matter with one pretext or the other.After hearing the complainant, the commission observed, \"The NRIs settled abroad leave their properties in their own soil, believing that they will remain safe. However, when they visit their motherland they find that their properties have been occupied illegally by others and they find it very difficult to get it back from them, thus they get disillusioned and disheartened.\"\"The present complaint is also in the similar nature. His (Chaudhary) property has been occupied illegally in his absence. The allegations prima facie are also of trespass and theft of the articles,\" commented the commission adding that this is a fit case to take cognizance......and this NRI fights against her ownIn another complaint to the Punjab NRI commission, an NRI, Jivinder Kaur, who is settled in US for the past 28 years, has stated that her father inherited agricultural land from her grandfather, located in Jhabewal village of Ludhiana. \"My brother Surinder Pal Singh and his wife Ramanjit tortured my father to transfer all the inherited land to them. They also did not allow him to speak with me or my sister without any one's presence,\" said Kaur (who is known as Jivendra K Singh in US) in the complaint emailed to the commission.She further alleged that her brother has also forged her and her sister's signatures and given bribe to the officials of revenue department to transfer their land. \"I have started legal action against him. But my nephew had threatened me to withdraw the complaint,\" she further alleged.Acting on the complaint, the commission observed, \"She is aggrieved not against any other persons but against her own brother &amp; brother's wife who \"intends to grab her &amp; her sister's share in the property\". She has already availed the legal remedy and has obtained restrained order. The matter is thus sub-judice in the court.\" The commission, however, asked the SSP, Ludhiana to look into the matter as threat perception was also indicated in the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12551979", "title": "Drug carrier gets 10-year rigorous imprisonment", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a man who was arrested for working as a drug carrier and found in possession of over 17 kg heroin to 10 years of rigorous imprisonment.Additional sessions judge M K Nagpal imposed the minimum 10 years of jail term, prescribed under the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, on 35-year-old Irfan, showing leniency to him on his plea that he has the liability to maintain his wife and a minor son. A fine of Rs 1 lakh was also imposed on him. While jailing Madhya Pradesh native Irfan for the minimum prescribed term, the court also considered the fact that he was not the \"kingpin of any drugs syndicate\" and was merely acting as a drug carrier for monetary benefits.According to directorate of revenue intelligence, Irfan was caught in April 2004 at the New Delhi Railway Station on a tip-off and was found in possession of around 17 kg heroin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12555680", "title": "Indian, US naval forces to participate in 'Malabar 2012'", "text": "WASHINGTON: Equipped with guided-missile cruiser, destroyer and submarine, US and Indian naval forces will participate in the 10-day long annual Malabar exercise in the Bay of Bengal, the US 7th Fleet announced today.\"The United States and India share common values and seafaring traditions. Our navies are natural partners, and we look forward to continuing to strengthen the bonds and personal relationships between our navies,\" it said.A regularly scheduled naval field training exercise that has grown in scope and complexity over the years, Malabar 2012 is the latest in a continuing series of exercises conducted to advance multinational maritime relationships and mutual security issues, the 7th Fleet said in a statement.Aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson, the guided-missile cruiser USS Bunker Hill, the guided-missile destroyer USS Halsey, a logistics ship, P-3C aircraft and a submarine would participate in the exercise from the American side, it said.Noting that the exercise will feature both ashore and at- sea training, the statement said training will include subject matter expert and professional exchanges on counter-piracy, operations, carrier aviation operations, maritime patrol and reconnaissance operations and anti-submarine warfare operations.Phase I of the at-sea training will be conducted in the vicinity of Chennai while Phase II will be conducted in the Bay of Bengal and west of the Nicobar Islands.They are designed to advance participating nations' military-to-military coordination and capacity to plan and execute tactical operations in a multinational environment.\"The Indian Navy and US 7th Fleet have a common understanding and knowledge of a shared working environment at sea. This exercise helps to advance the level of understanding between our Sailors and we hope to be able to continue this process over time,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12552047", "title": "Toddler succumbs in Siolim mishap", "text": "MAPUSA: Three-year-old Joanna Fernandes, a victim in the accident on the Marna slope in Siolim, succumbed to her injuries while undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Mapusa on Wednesday night, the Anjuna police informed. The police have registered an offence against the driver of the autorickshaw and further investigations are in progress.Police said that the autorickshaw driven by Mukesh alias Vijay Naik, 45, a resident of Pilerne, was carrying four passengers - Dionizia Britto, 45, Estelina Fernandes, 38, Loren D'Souza, 52, and Joanna - and was moving from Mapusa to Gaunsavaddo in Siolim via the Housing Board route. On reaching the sharp turn down the slope in Marna-Siolim, the driver lost control and the autorickshaw dashed against a barrier put up near a compound wall, injuring all the occupants. Naik, Britto and Estelina were admitted to the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, while Joanna was taken to a private hospital in Mapusa.Police has seized the vehicle involved in the accident and are waiting for the RTO report. Police has registered the offence under Section 279, Section 337 and Section 304A (causing death by negligence) of the Indian Penal Code. Sources said that Estelina's condition is critical, while Britto and Naik are stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12552141", "title": "Squall hits city, roof collapse victims die", "text": "KOLKATA: A squall hit Kolkata for the second successive evening on Thursday, bringing the mercury down at the end of yet another scorching day. and leaving cricket fans, who had gathered at the Eden Gardens for the season's first IPL match, hugely disappointed. A gust of wind, followed by a spell of shower that lasted around 45 minutes, left parts of the city waterlogged. Kolkata Knight Riders' first match of the IPL season was affected.The Nor'wester lashed Kolkata at around 7.20pm which was followed by a spell of shower that lasted 45 minutes, leaving parts of the city waterlogged.Two persons who were injured in Wednesday's roof collapse in central Kolkata's Keshab Chandra Sen Street died at the Calcutta Medical College Hospital. While Kalodevi Das, 70, was declared dead at 11pm on Wednesday, Suraj Das, 38, succumbed to his injuries on Thursday.Gautam Das, the brother of the deceased Suraj - a shoemaker with seven children - said that the two siblings were chatting right under the 166/H/18 building when the incident happened. where four more floors were added within a span of four months.\"The wind was just subsidizing when suddenly loose bricks began falling from the top. As I fled inside a nearby house, my brother turned the way other direction -trying to save Kalodevi who was returning to her residence. The next moment, both of them were under a pile of rubble and electric wires,'' said Gautam. Suraj had lost his father 17 days ago and his wife had seven children had left for Patna after 'Shradh.' They are expected to reach Kolkata by Friday morning.\"Kalodevi lost excessive blood. She did not respond to any of our medicines,'' said Asha Das, the deceased's relative with a wind speed of 72 km/ hr. It led to a 5 mm rainfall as well. The squall was milder than the 96 km/hr squall that hit the city a day earlier. But it still left scores of trees uprooted. Wednesday's storm had uprooted a tree that kept Harish Mukherjee Road blocked for more than 12 hours.In north Kolkata's Keshab Sen Street, Wednesday's roof collapse led to the death of two residentsAs the news of their death spread , locals ransacked councillor Swapna Das' office at Amherst Street on Thursday morning. The councillor claimed that the building had been declared unsafe and was scheduled to be razed last Monday. \"Some CPM goons attacked my office. I have asked for police protection,\" said Das.The road was blocked for nearly an hour. The two critically injured - identified as Suraj Das (38) and Kalodevi Das (70) - died at the Calcutta Medical College Hospital. While Kalodevi was declared dead at 11 pm on Wednesday, Suraj died on Thursday morning. The incident was reported from 166, Kehav Chandra Lane around 8.15 pm on Wednesday.Irate locals also put up road blockades in front of the North City College and Amherst Street police station, alleging that the deaths were a result of a \"spurt'' in illegal construction in the area in the last few months after the new government came in to power. The protestors demanded that the illegal building be razed. and the owners and promoters building illegal floors in the colony be held.\"We have been complaining to the police station each day about illegal construction. We have also told the local councillor. Now if the authorities do not act, we might take the extreme step of razing these structures ourselves. This sudden mushrooming of these structures need to stop,'' said Ruma Das, one of the agitators outside the Amherst Street police station. The blockade was lifted at 9.40am after cops intervened.who set up roadblocks in front of the North City College in the morning and later tried to block the entrance of the Amherst Street police station alleged that the deaths were a result of a spurt'' of illegal construction in the area in the last few months after the new government came in to power. The protestors demanded that the illegal building be razed. In addition, they also demanded police action against owners and promoters building illegal floors in the colony.By Thursday morning, the Amherst Street Police arrested the promoter Mohan Das. though there was no clarity on whether the owner - locals claimed it was one Raju Dhar - had been arrested as well. A case under relevant IPC sections has been registered.The police have also asked for all the relevant papers and the actual building plan. have asked the Kolkata Municipal Corporation to furnish the actual building plan.Locals also claimed that the constructions were being carried out right under the eyes of the local police at the behest of the local councilor. Senior officials in the KMC building department", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12553746", "title": "Rajya Sabha has no information on businessmen members\u2019 conflict of interest", "text": "NEW DELHI: Should an owner of an airline be on a committee dealing with the sector or an MP with interests in pharma influence policy on purchase of new vaccines?The Rajya Sabha has admitted it had no information relating to conflict of interest leading to a member's vote being challenged or an MP declaring his interest or withdrawing from casting his vote in debates or in committees on such grounds.The trend of MPs with business interests opting for parliamentary committees related to their interests has caused concern with the propriety of such affiliations being questioned. It has been found that membership of committees is used by MPs to either promote their interests or block those of rivals.The response to an RTI query by the Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) is significant because 58% of Rajya Sabha members are \"crorepatis\" with flourishing professional practices, remunerative directorships, shareholding in media, infrastructure, hospitality besides paid consultancy and other engagements. There are 232 MPs who submitted information on their \"interest'' with 140 saying they have none.ADR had in November 2011 asked if there were instances of a RS members' vote being challenged or if any MP had declared or withdrawn from a vote as Rajya Sabha MPs have to declare their pecuniary interest under rule 293 of the rules of procedure and conduct of business. Although the rules specifically allow such information to be provided to the public, the RS secretariat denied disclosure on the ground that the ethics committee had called for non-disclosure.While a register of interest has been maintained since 2005, it was only made public in 2011 after a two-year delay and four months after the Central Information Commission (CIC) directed that the disclosure be made.About 28 MPs had declared financial interest in the form of remunerative directorship including Vijay Mallya (Rs 39.45 crore), Naresh Gujral (Rs 4.54 crore) and Vijay Darda (Rs 4.54 crore). While 33 MPs have admitted to shareholding of a controlling nature, 28 MPs have regular remunerated activity. The highest number of shareholdings in companies have been declared by Anil Lad (27 companies) followed by Darda (21 companies) and Mallya in 12.Incidentally, many of the MPs who said they had no pecuniary interests have high assets. The top three in this category are Subbarami Reddy (Rs 258.25 crore), followed by Karan Singh (Rs 57.89 crore) and Rajumar Dhoot (Rs 29.53 crore).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12553429", "title": "Like us, dogs too need self-control", "text": "WASHINGTON: Man and his best friend dog have something in common - both behave aggressively when they run out of self-control , scientists say. Researchers at the University of Lille Nord de France found that dogs that have \"run out\" of self-control make more impulsive decisions that put them in danger.The study, published in the journal Psychonomic Bulletin &amp; Review, reinforces the biological nature of self-control , said lead study researcher Holly Miller.\"When humans are depleted , they are less helpful, more aggressive, gamble more, etc,\" Miller said. \"Apparently these consequences have biological roots. When dogs are depleted, they too are more likely to behave rashly and impulsively.\"Miller's team had found that dogs give up sooner on a puzzle-solving task after they've had to hold a sit-stay position than if they didn't have to exhibit any self-control . In the same way, humans give up more quickly on puzzle tasks when they're mentally fatigued by having to resist temptations beforehand.The researchers carried out experiments on 10 familyowned dogs in the lab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12552993", "title": "Police arrest five in bank loot case", "text": "PATNA: With the arrest of five criminals, Patna Police on Thursday claimed to have busted the gang involved in the loot of Rs 17,96,450 cash from Parev branch of Canara Bank in Patna district on February 27, 2012. Senior SP (SSP), Patna, Amrit Raj said that soon after the incident, a special police team comprising SP (Rural), Patna, Manoj Kumar, City SP Kim and SDPO, Danapur, Anil Kumar was constituted to crack the case.He said the special team zeroed in on Ajay Paswan gang and arrested one Ashok Mahato (Patna) who confessed his involvement in the crime and revealed the names of his other associates. Later, police arrested four other members of the gang. The SSP said eight criminals were involved in the cash loot from the bank.While six entered the bank, two were on guard, he said. Others four arrested were Nand Kishore Ram (Arwal), Ajay Paswan (Patna), Ramesh Kumar and Vijay Kumar (Gaya). The SSP said the gang members have expertise in bank dacoity. They were involved in several bank dacoities in Patna, Arwal and Gaya districts. He said one of the gang members was earlier convicted in a kidnapping case while another, Manoj Pathak, was arrested in an Arms Act case in Gaya.The SSP said the six gang members shared over Rs 2 lakh each while the two members who were on guard got a lesser amount. He said Vijay purchased a threewheeler and Ajay a plot of land. Raj said the police recovered two country-made pistols, seven live cartridges, one thresher machine, one fitter machine, two motorcycles, Rs 3,51,154 cash besides five cellphones from the possession of the five arrested criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12554174", "title": "Gill retains Punjabi Sahit Akademi chief\u2019s post", "text": "LUDHIANA: Gurbhajan Singh Gill was elected president of Punjabi Sahit Akademi, Ludhiana, unopposed on Thursday, second time in a row. Returning officer S S Gill said as it was the last day to withdraw nominations, two other presidential candidates, Sukhjeet Singh and Mitar Sen Meet, opted out of the race.The returning officer said Sukhdev Singh became general secretary unopposed. He said now elections for the post of senior vice-president, four posts of vice-presidents, executive members would be conducted on April 15.S S Gill said there are five posts of vice-president, of which one is filled by someone from outside Punjab and Chandigarh. This time, they received only one nomination for this category and Joginder Singh Nirala was declared elected without any contest.After he was declared the winner, Gurbhajan Singh Gill said he is thankful to all akademi members and assured them that he would work with determination for the betterment of akademi and Punjabi literature.The returning officer said the newly-elected president of the akademi assured the members and Punjabi writers that interests of the Punjabi literature and writers would reign supreme against the personal whims and fancies.''It would be my earnest effort to fulfil the dreams of the akademi members in making it self-sufficient in all aspects,'' Gurbhajan Singh Gill said. General secretary Sukhdev Singh said he would make all efforts to develop this institution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12552479", "title": "High prices vaporize rubber stocks", "text": "KOCHI: The four-month highs in rubber prices since Monday have drained out the supply chain. Farmers and traders have been resorting to heavy selling of stock to capitalize on higher prices.On April 2, the price of RSS-4 had reached Rs 201 per kg, after maintaining an average level of nearly Rs 200 a kg in the preceding week and Rs 187.6 a kg in March. \"With the market opening at a higher price of Rs 201 per kg on Monday, supply to the markets witnessed a significant increaseIn the last 10 days, an estimated 8,000-10,000 tonnes of rubber have reached our spot markets,\" said George Valy, president of the Indian Rubber Dealers' Federation and the owner of Kottayam-based Continental Rubbers.After peaking on Monday, prices of RSS-4 dropped to Rs 199.5 a kg on Thursday. \"Major tyre companies had sourced from our markets in the last few days, and this depleted the stocks kept by farmers and traders. When prices touched Rs 198, people started selling and Rs 200 a kg was the maximum they expected,\" Valy said. Rubber planters in Kerala had stopped tapping f rubber trees as the summer intensified, but the rains this week prompted farmers to restart tapping, said Ibrahim Jalal, treasurer of IRDF. \"Farmers stopped tapping by the end of February and the current rains will be an incentive to restart it,\" he said.However, farmers in northern Kerala are not said to be very keen on this as they have cashew crops to bank on, in the summer, and hence, 50% of rubber farmers in the Malabar region do not tap rubber in summer,\" observed Tomy Abraham, who runs Kurisummoottil Rubbers at Thaliparamba near Kannur. During the Easter holidays, the rubber market may come to a standstill in Kerala, and in the followingNext week, more rubber may flow to the market, not from farmers, but from warehouses. \"The stock kept by futures traders will be outdated by April 14 and this enters the market, though tyre makers consider it as inferior in quality,\" Valy said.Global prices fallNatural rubber prices fell in the international markets on Wednesday. \"Tocom (Tokyo Commodity Exchange) rubber futures stretched the previous session decline, tracking other commodities after hopes of another round of quantitative easing waned off,\" said a report by Geojit Comtrade Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12552540", "title": "Rathore was groomed by Bhairon Singh Shekhawat", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajendra Rathore, who was arrested by the CBI on Thursday, entered politics while he was a university student in Jaipur in the late 1970s. At the age of 24, he was elected president of the Rajasthan University for the academic session 1978-79.Late Prime Minister Chandra Shekhar, who was then the Janata Party president, had come to inaugurate Rathore's student union office. The event is still remembered for the huge public gathering it drew then. Chandra Shekhar and his close friend late Vice-President Bhairon Singh Shekhawat later shaped the political career of Rathore. Initially, Rathore was a follower of Rajput leader and Janata Party member Kalyan Singh Kalvi. It was Kalvi who introduced Rathore to Chandra Shekhar.The lanky student leader's entry into real politics was sort of disaster. Contesting his first assembly election on the Janata Dal ticket in 1980, Rathore could not even save his security deposit at Bani Park constituency in Jaipur.For the next 10 years, Rathore was groomed by the then BJP stalwart Shekhawat, who by then had already served the first of his three terms as Rajasthan's chief minister (1977-1980) and was the leader of Opposition from 1980 to 1990. Having learnt the political moves so well from Shekhawat, Rathore has never lost an assembly election in the past more than two decades.No wonder the Rajput leader was first elected from Churu, the Jat hinterland, on a BJP ticket in 1990. During his first stint in the assembly, he was appointed the ruling party's chief whip with a ministerial status by Shekhawat, who then having his second term as the chief minister. The Shekhawat government had to go in the aftermath of Babri Masjid demolition. In 1993 assembly elections, the Shekhawat government returned and Rathore became the health minister. In the Vasundhara Raje government, he was appointed the PWD minister in 2003.He was elected for the fifth consecutive term in December 2008, even though he changed his constituency from Churu to Taranagar, which had been a political stronghold of the Congress. The story goes that he shifted to Taranagar only to settle a political score with former Congress minister CS Baid on behalf of Raje.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "12557866", "title": "Baby olive ridley turtles let into sea", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: A Puducherry-based NGO's efforts to protect eggs of the endangered Olive Ridley sea turtles have borne fruit with 110 hatchlings being let out into the sea on Friday.Volunteers of the 'Pudhuvai Samadhana Pura' had found 110 eggs of the turtles lying on the seashore in the coastal village of Pudhukuppam some 50 days ago and had preserved them in various pits to enable their safe hatching, Muthu, convener of the NGO, told PTI.The coastal village is a nesting zone for the olive ridleys, he said.Some ten eggs are still being preserved for hatching, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12552558", "title": "Staff shortage hampers Kerala State Road Transport Corporation bus service", "text": "KOCHI: The city is still awaiting the buses KSRTC had promised it to augment its bus service. The transport corporation had agreed to provide 100 more buses and enhance operations through the Vytilla Mobility Hub (VMH). But nothing much has been done.Transport minister V S Shivakumar announced in November 2011 that allocations for these buses had been made in the 2011-2012 budget. The minister had said the buses would reach the city within six months. Hence, the buses should be here by at least April end. The decision to provide extra buses was taken at a meeting convened by chief minister Oommen Chandy in Thirvananthapuram.\"We haven't received any buses in this slot. We expect the new buses to be brought to the city this year,\" KSRTC zonal officer P L Jose said.The transport corporation has also hinted that it was facing acute staff shortage, and that this had made it difficult to operate new services. According to senior officials, KSRTC had approached the employment exchange for recruiting 500 drivers and 325 conductors on daily wages in the district. The Ernakulam depot has a shortage of about 70 employees.\"There is an immediate need to recruit more staff to facilitate the operation of new buses,\" said the official. To operate its regular services on time most of the KSRTC staff now have to do double duty. Permanent staff can be appointed only through the Kerala Public Service Commission. PSC is expected to complete the procedures in a couple of months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12552013", "title": "BJP attacks govt on new municipal posts", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) inviting applications for 19 director-level posts for the three new corporations, BJP has launched a fresh attack on the Delhi government. Mayor Rajni Abbi said the city government misled the Centre and that creation of new posts will add to the burden.While pushing for the trifurcation of the MCD, Delhi government had assured Union home ministry that the move will not increase the financial burden and no new post would be created. \"We had anticipated this, but the Delhi government categorically clarified that no new post would be created. The recent advertisement is contrary to their earlier claim,\" said Abbi.She added, \"This is just the beginning; more posts would be created. This would lead to avoidable heavy expenditure. The trifurcation was uncalled for.\"MCD has invited applications for director-level posts for departments like town planning, engineering, education, financial advisor, assessor and collector, law, horticulture, IT and press information.With just 10 days left for the municipal elections, the recent advertisement has given BJP a local issue to take on the Congress. So far, it had been raising national issues like scams and price rise to arraign its rival.Abbi said, \"We have achieved nothing from trifurcation. The three new corporations will have an additional financial burden.\"Post split, South corporation will be paying usage charges to North corporation for using the Civic Centre. Similarly, MCD has given two floors of its building in Lajpat Nagar to DSIIDC in exchange for three floors in DSIIDC's building in east Delhi, which will be East corporation's headquarters. \"The East corporation might have to pay to South corporation, as property which was given to DSIIDC belongs to the latter,\" said an MCD official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12555985", "title": "Satyakam is more relevant now: Dharmendra", "text": "I have done any number of scenes, both serious and comic. In my time, we just did what the director asked, to the best of our ability.However, one particular scenewhere I am on the death bed, in Hrishikesh Mukherjee's Satyakam comes to mind as having been extremely challenging.I remember that film vividly because its theme of corruption in the country remains more relevant today than ever before. I played Satyapriya, an idealist who won't compromise even if it means losing out on a life of reasonable comfort for his wife and son.In the scene in question, my character, who is suffering from cancer, has lost his ability to talk. I had to convey Satyapriya's anguish wordlessly, through my eyes only. At some point, my spiritual guru, portrayed by Dadamoni ( Ashok Kumar ) walks into my room and says \"Now I can berate you to my heart's content without any retaliation from you\". The words are bitter but they convey his love for me. I had to express I understood what my guru was saying, and that it was out of sheer love he was admonishing me. Next, my wife, essayed by Sharmila Tagore , who has been a silent witness to my uncompromising life, walks into the room with incriminating papers for me to sign that could relieve my family of poverty in the event of my death.For the sake of my wife and son, I agree, for the first and last time in my life, to sign the papers. But before I can actually do it, Sharmila snatches the papers out of my hand and tears them up. My character had to convey his deep undying love and gratitude for the woman who has stood by his side, through thick and thin, helping him uphold his lofty ideals. It was a very tough scene to do. I thank Hrishida for the faith he reposed in me. When I look back at the scene, I wonder how I managed it! And I believe Hrishida later said no other actor could have played Satyapriya in Satyakam.In a day and age when compromise is key I feel playing an uncompromising character like Satyapriya was a privilege. I'm glad I sailed through it. I sincerely think Satyakam should be screened at the school level. It shows honesty can never become outdated.-As told to Subhash K Jha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12551831", "title": "Dacoity bid foiled, eight men arrested", "text": "NASHIK: The Niphad police recently arrested eight suspects from Shantinagar in Triphuli area, while they were allegedly on their way to commit a dacoity. The men were found carrying choppers, sharp iron weapons and wooden logs. All the eight were produced in a local court which remanded them in police custody till April 10.The arrested accused have been identified as Panpatil, Sachin Bansode, Siraaj Sayyad, Hemant Kale, Sachin Sakhre, Samil Sansar, Nilesh More and Mahesh Jadhav. According to the police, the accused are residents of Upnagar Colony, Gandhinagar , Amrapali Slum and Dwarka areas of the city.The Niphad police received a tip-off that a gang of dacoits in a black SUV was on its way to conduct an armed dacoity at some place. The police were also given the description and location of the vehicle, following which they laid a trap and arrested the suspects. The case is being investigated by sub-inspector Y S Sable.A surprising angle has also emerged from the arrest. The police found posters of externed NCP activist Suhas Kande pasted on the vehicle of the dacoits. Apart from this, they also recovered a book from the vehicle, the front page of which makes a mention of the externed gangster. With the recovery of these items, the police are also investigating the case from this angle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12553319", "title": "Mahavir Jayanti celebrated with gaiety", "text": "VARANASI: Mahavir Jayanti (birth anniversary of Lord Mahavira, the Jain Tirthankara) was celebrated with traditional fervour across the city on Thursday.While colourful Shobhayatra (procession) organised by Jain Swetambar Teerth Society displaying tableaux of Lord Mahavira was carried out from Jain Temple, Bulanala, till Chowk, the Jain Digambar Temple of Swami Parshwanath in Bhadaioni also witnessed special decoration on the occasionLocal statues of Mahavira were given a ceremonial bath (abhishek). During the day, many Jains engaged in some sort of charitable act in the name of Mahavira while others visited temples to meditate and offer prayers.Lectures were also held in temples to preach the path of virtue as defined by Jain doctrine. Donations were collected in order to promote charitable missions including helping to feed poor people on the occasion. Meanwhile, preparations were on to celebrate Hanuman Jayanti on Friday. Similarly, Churches across the city also readied for Good Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12551400", "title": "Lease period of Nazul plots reduced to 30 years", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government has decided to reduce the lease period of all plots from 99 years to 30 years. Under the Central Province Land Code, 1917, and Berar Land Revenue Code, a lease of only 30 years was given to Nazul plot owners. Then in 1966, under the Maharashtra Land Revenue Code, a provision was made to provide 99 year lease.It seems the revenue department has woken up this fact only recently. It has now decided even if lease period is 99 years, it will be extended only for 30 years at a time. Process for renewal of leases has also been finalized. Even if the lease of a nazul plot had expired before January 1, 2012, it will be renewed from January 2012 for 30 years. The plot owner will have to pay ground rent as per the old rates from the date his lease had expired to December 2011 end. Only then his lease would be renewed. The nazul plot holder can apply for a fresh lease from March 28 till the time the entire process is over.The ground rent amount can be significant depending the area of your plot and the locality where it is located. Nagpur divisional commissioner B Gopala Reddy made it clear that revenue department would also take action against lease holders who do not apply for a fresh lease. There is bound to be a lot of controversy in coming days days as the government directive does not mention as to what should be done if a flat scheme has been constructed on the plot after the lease expired. The original land owner and flat scheme dwellers would demand that the lease rent be paid by the other party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12557669", "title": "Prakash Raj set to direct again", "text": "After making his debut as a director with the Kannada version of Aakasamantha, Prakash Raj made his entry as a director in Telugu with Dhoni.The film went on to become a critical success. Although, it didn't do extremely well at box-office, Prakash Raj has decided to work on yet another project. He's currently acting in Salman Khan's Dabangg-2.Now, he's all set to fly to Bangkok , where he's going to spend three weeks shooting for Puri Jagannadh's Devudu Chesina Manushulu and in the mean time, he's also planning to work on his next film.\"Off to bankok for 3weeks. Puri ravi and me Working together after a long time. will work on my next directorial script too. Till then cheerss!\" Prakash Raj posted on Twitter. After this, he's join the sets of Srikanth Addala's Seethamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu later early next month.Source:123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "12553396", "title": "Maoist's body found at encounter site", "text": "KEONJHAR: A day after an encounter with Maoists, Keonjhar police seized the body of a suspected rebel from a forest near Mundatopa village under Kanjipani police station on Wednesday. The dead body is yet to be identified, but reliable sources said the dead rebel is Basant of Kalihata village under Telkoi PS area, a close associate of area commander Sushil.\"No one has come forward so far to claim the dead body. We will wait for 72 hours before disposing the dead body,\" said Keonjhar SP Ashish Singh.The place of incident is a remote hilly area, about 90 kms from the district headquarters and close to the Keonjhar, Angul and Sundergarh district border area, extending into Jharkhand through Saranda reserve forest, said to be a Maoist corridor. There is a possibility of some Jharkhand Maoists supporting the Odisha caders to expand their network in the area.A woman cadre is said to be leading the Maoist team. The Maoist group has been spotted moving about in the Keonjhar forest after a gap of some months. Combing operation in the forest has been going on regularly to check the extremist group from spreading their tentacles in the area.After Tuesday's incident, the group of 12 to 15 Maoists dispersed in the forest and are believed to be hiding in the forest in small groups. People in Kanjipani and neighbouring Telkoi and Nayakote police station areas of the district are in a state of panic after the incident. Tribal villagers of Mundatopa have been spending sleepless nights and living in fear after the encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12552016", "title": "Troop movement: Armymen laugh at bureaucrats for hitting panic button", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after a news report about unauthorized military movements kicked up a row, defence ministry sources picked holes in the conspiracy theory, stressing that it was silly that sections of the government acquiesced in the scare about the intent of units when they were only engaged in routine exercises.A senior officer said that even if a \"reckless\" Army chief were to think of flexing muscles, it wouldn't make much sense for a few hundred troops to be moved from Hisar and Agra.Over 6,000 trained soldiers are posted within Delhi throughout the year as part of the larger Army deployment. Several others pointed to the fact that thousands more soldiers were in the national capital during the period. These troops had come to Delhi for the Army Day celebrations and the Republic Day parade. Thousands of trained troops arrive in the national capital weeks ahead of January 15, the Army Day.Sections in the government made the authorities press the panic button by representing the movement of two units on January 16 as a sinister manoeuvre by the supporters of Army chief General V K Singh.There are other reasons also why many in the government find it mysterious that supposedly seasoned people bought into the suggestion that the movement of two units was actually meant to be muscle flexing by supporters of the Army chief.Many in the defence ministry pointed out that it would have been an extremely foolish step to mobilize troops along the crowded national highways over several hours, if the intent was to flex muscles. Officers also drew attention to the fact that every unit of the Indian Army carries out mobilization exercises at least once every quarter, since the Operation Parakram days.\"Why would you want to bring a few hundred soldiers via road, taking several hours,\" an officer asked.When India mobilized its troops to the Pakistan border in the wake of the December 13, 2001 terrorist attack on Parliament, serious problems with swift mobilization were exposed. Worst was the extreme slowness with which troops mobilized to the border.Ever since Operation Parakram, all Army units carry out regular mobilization exercises. These involve the troops mobilizing vehicles, weapons, rations, fuel etc to figure out preparedness. The units move out of their base and go several kilometers ahead before turning back. Then a review is carried out. What the mechanized infantry unit based in Hisar and the 50 Para Regiment based in Agra did was the same - they moved ahead as part of regular mobilization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12552561", "title": "Begging banned, but thrives", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai corporation's ban on begging came into effect on June 5, 2010, but almost two years later just as many, if not more, hobos beg for a living on the streets of the city - even near the civic body's Ripon Buildings headquarters.When the ban was introduced, the corporation went into overdrive, with then mayor M Subramanian launching a rehabilitation programme that principally involved rounding up hundreds of homeless, mentally ill or just plain unkempt people and dispatching them in vans to the Institute of Mental Health and old age homes.While corporation officials blame a lack of manpower for the failure of the programme, activists say the civic body does not have a count or database of beggars in the city.A daily commuter on the Chennai Beach-Tambaram suburban line says beggars enter congested compartments even during peak hours. \"Neither the railways nor the corporation takes any action whatsoever,\" he said. A study by the Indian Council for Child Welfare (ICCW) among beggars in the city found that 48% of child beggars were between six and 10 years old and 35% were 11 to 15 years old.It also showed that 80% of child beggars were school dropouts. The single largest group of child beggars comprises kids under the age of five. Up to 40% of all child beggars are addicted to glue, whiteners and other substances.Another observation is that over 43% of beggars are in the 26-45 age group, which should be the most productive period of life. Activists call for periodical assessment of the problem and strict implementation of the rules to tackle begging networks operated by powerful mafias.Chandra Thanikachalam, general secretary of the Indian Council for Child Welfare, Tamil Nadu, said begging had become almost completely professional. \"There are a number of begging rackets across the city,\" she said.\"The people running the racket make children and women with babies beg and pocket most of the money they collect. They should be busted to solve the problem.\"Rotary Club of Madras president Nandita Krishnan said there was a nexus between begging rackets and crime syndicates.\"It's not only the responsibility of the corporation or of NGOs to make the city beggar-free. What is needed is effective coordination between the corporation, police and organisations that work to rehabilitate beggars,\" she said.If the corporation proposes to implement the ban on begging, it could use data from a project by Madurai Institute of Social Sciences. The institute has started to collect information on beggars from across the state. The project is expected to be completed within six months. The institute's chairman and correspondent, D V P Raja, said it will include a study of factors that contribute to the problem so as to evolve a proper method of rehabilitation.This project was entrusted to the institute by the ministry of social justice and empowerment and the report will be submitted to the Planning Commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12554290", "title": "Cash-at-judge's door case: Nirmal Yadav moves Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former judge of Punjab and Haryana high court Nirmal Yadav has approached the Supreme Court seeking quashing of proceedings against her in the 2008 cash-at-bag case.She has sought quashing of the chargesheet filed by CBI against her on the grounds that Chief Justice S H Kapadia has no power to recommend sanction to prosecute her as it was denied by the previous CJI K G Balakrishnan.She moved the apex court challenging Punjab and Haryana high court's order dismissing her plea contesting grant of sanction for her prosecution in the case. The President had granted prosecution sanction on March 1 last year.Punjab and Haryana high court was rocked by the controversy after a sum of Rs 15 lakh were delivered at the residence of Justice Nirmaljit Kaur, another judge of the HC, on August 13, 2008, following which she reported the matter to UT police.The money, allegedly meant for Yadav, was said to have been delivered to Kaur due to confusion over their names.The high court had rejected Yadav's plea on November 14 last year saying that she cannot claim any special right merely because she had occupied the high constitutional office.It had said that that there was no order by former CJI Balakrishnan declining the prosecution sanction and records confirmed that Justice Kapadia had examined the question of sanction against her for the first time.The charge sheet was filed against her by the CBI in the special court on March 4 last year, day after Yadav, then posted as judge of the Uttrakhand high court, retired. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12552211", "title": "Textile exhibition", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The courtyard of the Vechaar Utensils Museum in the city was adorned with the brilliant colours of Gujarati tradition as it hosted an exhibition of original textiles from ethnic tradition of Saurashtra. From the dying crafts like bed sheets with Mata ni Pachedi embroidery to hand-knitted sling for carrying gold and silver coins by wrapping it around one's waist, a variety of items were part of the exhibition open till Sunday.The items were a part of collection of Ghanshyam Gadhvi, a resident of Rajkot, and a lover of tradition and nature. \"I have a collection of more than 1,500 traditional items including a variety of farming tools, traditional textiles that are hardly produced anymore and a variety of glass works,\" said Gadhvi.The collector said that these works, in all its bright colours and forms, reflect the beauty of life as perceived by our forefathers. \"The motifs of flowers and animals show their harmony with nature and their understanding of the values in them. There is much we can learn from the works which reflect the richness of our tradition that is unfortunately dying now,\" said Gadhvi. \"The exhibition has been organized with an idea to promote art and culture among the students and other residents in the city,\" said Surendra Patel, owner of Vechaar. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12552017", "title": "Meet Dadamoni - Baba, Nana, Gangoly", "text": "KOLKATA: What did you see in this bloke?\" Ashok Kumar had asked Moushumi Chatterjee at her wedding reception. \"I've been waiting here for years to marry the Balika Bodhu!\" he jested. \"Really! Why didn't you tell me?\" - the actress was quick to match wits with him. \"Then I would have got married a long time ago!\"Anooradha Patel, grand-daughter of the legend we all love to address as Dadamoni, \"always wanted to marry Nana who called me Nani,\" she revealed the special bonding at the inauguration of Ashok Kumar: His Light Years on March 27. The centenary celebration by Nandan and Tapan Sinha Foundation also brought to Kolkata the thespian's eldest daughter, Bharati Jaffrey and his co-actor Amol Palekar. Their reminiscences brought to light not only his sense of humour but his dedication to work, his eye for spotting talent, his ways of getting over glitches... In short, Dadamonithe multifaceted personality of the master of behavioural acting who - as the driving force of Bombay Talkies in the late 1940s - gave shape to the industry we love to denote as Bollywood.\"Initially I did not know what to do with my hands!\" Dadamoni says in Anmol Ratan, a docufeature directed by Nabendu Ghosh for Doordarshan. \"But he devised ways to get over the awkwardness shared by most actors, especially on stage,\" said Palekar. \"And so we saw him fidgeting with his buttons, pulling out a cigarette, putting it to his lips, not lighting it, or sometimes lighting it, holding the hand of his co-artiste...\"Viewers could match the actions when Chhoti si Baat or Anuraag played out on the screen. \"He suffered from asthama, but no one would know this as he used thepauses in his delivery to mask this,\" Tapan Sinha wrote in his memoirs. Director Prabhat Roy was assisting Shakti Samanta when Anand Ashram was made. \"When I took the script with his dialogues in Hindi, he asked for the full dialogues because 'Uttam Kumar would be there!', he'd said. Likewise, Uttam Kumar asked for the full dialogues because 'Dadamoni would be there!'\" Roy recalls.\"On the set, when he returned the script, I found he had made jottings about his action while Uttam Kumar would deliver his lines. In a near repeat, Uttam Kumar's copy had jottings detailing his actions when Dadamoni would speak his lines.\"In his first production, Howrah Bridge, Shakti Samanta wanted to cast Ashok Kumar and Madhubala - the top stars of the time - but knew he could not afford them. However, having started at Bombay Talkies as assistant to Gyan Mukherjee, he had known Dadamoni in various capacities. So he narrated the story to him even as he made it clear that he couldn't afford his going rate. \"Dadamoni very magnanimously signed the contract for Re 1 and said, 'Pay me when the film becomes a hit,'\" Samanta's son Asim quotes his dad. \"And that wasn't all. He also persuaded Madhubala's father to let her act in the film. At his suggestion, she heard the story on the sets of Mughal-e-Azam and signed a contract on identical terms as Dadamoni!\"At the accompanying exhibition, courtesy Ashok Kumar Foundation, Kolkatans got to see Homeopathy books owned by the actor who'd trained in this stream of medicine, photographs of numerous moments from his personal life, and prints of his paintings of nudes, landscapes, horses, still life, self-portrait. \"I knew he painted but didn't know I'd see signatures of a master,\" said Wasim Kapoor, who has painted a portrait in homage. \"The nudes in particular, with faces that feature no eyes, no nose, no lips, still make clear the full anatomy through the tonal handling!\" he was amazed.And who was the model? - daughter Bharati had once asked the legend. \"Why, your mother, at various stages of our life!\" he'd quipped.Humour, clearly, flowed through his vein at every point in his life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12553254", "title": "New Ganga bridge may get illuminated soon", "text": "KANPUR: The new Ganga bridge may get illuminated. At present, there no streetlights at the bridge which forces the drivers to drive in dark.The National Highway Authority of India is in talks with the Kanpur Nagar Nigam for getting the streetlights installed at the bridge. From Ramadevi crossing on the Lucknow end of the bridge, the lights would be installed to illuminate the bridge, making the ride easy for commuters.A senior NHAI official said that talks are on with KNN for getting the streetlights installed on the bridge. \"The KNN will give us an estimate about the lighting arrangements which we want from Ramadevi to Lucknow end of new Ganga bridge. This estimate would be sent as a proposal to our head office in Delhi and after its approval, the KNN would be entrusted with the responsibility to install the street lamps. The talks are in an advanced stage,\" he said.The new Ganga bridge was constructed parallel to the old bridge to facilitate smooth traffic movement but no provision of streetlights was made. The bridge connecting Kanpur and Lucknow was inaugurated almost a year ago.It becomes difficult for the drivers of heavy vehicles and four-wheelers to drive at night. At old Ganga bridge, the electricity poles are existing but there are no halogen lights and the poles are lying defunct at some places. This makes the 720 metres long new Ganga bridge a difficult patch to drive on.The National Highway Authority of India was appointed as the nodal agency for the project. Gammon India Limited which constructed the bridge. The bridge was built at a cost of Rs 35 crore. The unique feature of the bridge was that it has a separate passage of 5 ft for the pedestrians.The residents of Jajmau, close to the Ganga bridge, rue that the area from bridge to Ramadevi and beyond has become accident-prone. The locals blame the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) for not installing streetlights on the new Ganga bridge despite the fact that it witnesses heavy rush of vehicles.Union minister of state for road transport and highways Jitin Prasad and coal minister Shriprakash Jaiswal had inaugurated the bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12553582", "title": "\u2018Ludicrous requests\u2019 that Britons make when they\u2019re abroad", "text": "LONDON: Britons love to travel and holiday abroad, but foreign office missions are often stumped with bizarre demands from citizens, such as to help find false teeth or how to translate \"I love you\" in Hungarian.In a speech on efforts to strengthen consular diplomacy, foreign secretary William Hague on Wednesday set out measures how the foreign office responds to international crises and helps British citizens abroad, including cases of forced marriages in the Indian subcontinent.Besides examples of help during crises, Hague mentioned instances when British citizens abroad wasted time and resources \"with ludicrous requests\".Hague said, \"It is not our job, for example, to book you restaurants while you are on holiday. This is obvious, you may think. But nonetheless it came as a surprise to the caller in Spain who was having difficulty finding somewhere to have Christmas lunch.\"He added, \"If like a man in Florida last year, you find ants in your holiday rental, we are not the people to ask for pest control advice. If you are having difficulty erecting a new chicken coop in your garden in Greece as someone else was, I am afraid that we cannot help you.\"Britons make more than 55 million individual trips overseas every year, and at least 6 million of them live abroad for some or all of the time. Hague said that in the space of a year, approximately 6,000 Britons get arrested, and at any one time more than 3,250 British nationals are in prison around the world.The foreign office, he said, is not the place to turn to \"if you can't find your false teeth, if your sat nav is broken and you need directions, if you are unhappy with your plastic surgery, if your jam won't set, if you are looking for a dogminder while you are on holiday and if your livestock need checking on\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12552396", "title": "Blaze from TV blast kills man at home", "text": "CHENNAI: A 55-year-old man died on Thursday of burns sustained in a fire at his house in Kondithope on Wednesday evening. A television connected to an inverter exploded due to a short circuit and sparked the fire.Police said there was routine load shedding in the area from 4pm to 6pm and the man had installed an inverter to ensure uninterrupted power.At 4.45pm, K Nagalingam, a sales executive with an umbrella-manufacturing firm in Seven Wells, switched on the inverter in his house on Lawyer Chinnathambi Street. He was watching TV when the incident occurred.\"A short circuit in the connection to the TV led to the fire. Nagalingam could not rush out of the room as the bed on which he was lying got engulfed in flames immediately. He sustained severe burns on his chest,\" Seven Wells inspector Sundaram told TOI.Nagalingam, who was suffering from an ailment and hadn't gone to work for the past few days, was alone at home after his wife went to a nearby temple, police said.\"I rushed home when I saw a huge crowd around our house. I had asked him not to switch on the TV fearing that the inverter would not withstand the extra load,\" Nagalingam's wife Usha said.\"We heard a huge explosion and rushed there. Thick smoke stopped us from going inside but we entered by breaking open the door,\" said Kannan, a neighbourNagalingam was taken to the Government Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital (KMCH) where he died on Thursday morning.Fire and rescue services personnel from Washermenpet later brought the fire under control. V Edwin, leading fireman from Washermenpet, said, \"Before we could go there, Nagalingam had been taken to hospital.\"\"He bought the inverter two weeks ago and there was no damage to it. The fire department has confirmed that the mishap was caused due to a short circuit,\" inspector Sundaram said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "scene i", "code": "12553313", "title": "This is everything but a park", "text": "Scene I: A number of children play cricket against the backdrop of sewer pipes that were left unattended at Machchodari Park, one of the biggest parks under Varanasi Nagar Nigam, in the cityScene II: A series of bamboo logs used for erecting pandal during Shardiya Navaratra can still be found lying in a corner of the park, occupying space against the broken boundary wallsScene III: The rising bed of mud collected after digging work to lay sewer in the park hide the little green cover that the park has besides giving a filthy look to the areaVARANASI: This is the condition of Machchodari Park, one of biggest parks under the Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) which is craving for green cover and protection. Though the park boasts of a little green cover in the form of a dozen-odd eucalyptus trees, most of the space is being used for other purposes than providing fresh air to the locals.When TOI visited the park on Thursday, it was found to be used for all other purposes except as a park. A number of children were found to be playing cricket on a barren piece of land with sewage pipes (diameter 900 mm) serving as boundary and place to rest. Apart from the untidy placement of the pipes in the park, heaps of bamboo logs (used for erecting pandal during Shardiya Navaratra) was also found lying in a corner. If that was not enough, two open toilets near the entry gate of the park caused stink as soon as one entered the park.While the walking space along the park was covered with a rising bed of mud, the benches and cemented structures were found to be broken. The water body inside the park area had turned greenish with algae and leftovers, including rotten flowers and garlands. The overhead water tank (OHT), built almost a year ago, had also consumed a large area inside the park while another corner of the park was occupied by the CRPF unit for parking vehicles.\"The park has lost all its sheen and glory and has turned into a shadow of its past. It hurts to see the condition of the park, which is not only one of the biggest parks in city area but also one of the oldest parks with a green cover in the city. The park and the Company Bagh (now called Harishchandra Park) in Maidagin were the only source of fresh air and green cover in one of the busiest areas of the city,\" said Pyarelal, one of the septuagenarian residents of the locality on the occasion.It may be mentioned here that the place where park is located has special mythological significance, believed to be a sacred place housing Baba Machchodari Nath, incarnation of Lord Vishwanath, who made the holy city a permanent abode. The pond inside the park is also believed to be mythological sacred river called Matsyodari, confluencing into the Ganga and the name of the park was changed from Matsyodari to Machchodari in due course of time.\"The park has repeatedly been a prey to encroachments in one form or the other. Now, it is better known for hosting mega pandals during Shardiya Navaratra rather than the lavish green cover which used to be the identity of this mega park some two decades ago. The locals prefer to visit the Harishchandra Park in Maidagin. The stinking pond has also driven away the devotees, which no longer use water of the pond for rituals. The big area in the park has also become a hot spot for betting, with unwanted elements thronging the park with playing cards. It is no longer a place to relax, leave aside the fresh air emanating from the green cover,\" said Ram Baran, another native of the area.As per reports of VNN office, the repair and construction of broken boundary wall of the park is in the pipeline. \"Once the work is completed, the park will turn suitable for plantation drive to restore its green cover. It is one of the developed and big parks of the city. Once the boundary wall is repaired, the park is definitely on the top of priority to get a green cover under the plantation drive. If locals ensure protection to the saplings, the park would not face shortage of green cover,\" said KS Pandey, garden superintendent.This mega park has not witnessed a plantation drive in the past five years. The big park has been also used as a garbage dumping ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12558021", "title": "Three minor girls raped by peon at government orphanage in Allahabad", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a horrifying incident, three minor girls were raped by peon in Rajikiya Shishu Grih, an orphanage run by the government, for children below 10 years of age in Allahabad district. The victims are said to be between 6 to 9 years of age were subjected to physical and mental trauma for last few months. An FIR has been lodged by orphanage with the police on the basis of complaint of the victims.The peon was raping them for last few months and had threatened them of dire consequences if they dared to lodge a complaint. However, the matter came to light when one of the girl told it to childless couple who had come to adopt her. The couple immediately informed the local authorities. Later inquires revealed that there were two more victims. The medical examination of the girls has confirmed rape.The accused, Vidhya Ojha, has been arrested. He was employed on contract basis and working in the orphanage for the last five years. Senior officials of the Allahabad district administration rushed to the spot after they came to know about the incident. The state government has ordered an inquiry into the matter. Orphanage superintendent Urmila Gupta has been suspended on charges of laxity in discharge of duty.The police has registered a case. Official suspect that a few mentally retarded orphan girls in the orphanage have also been abused. Experts will be called to interact with the mentally retarded girls to find out the truth. Other children in the orphanage are also being examined. The orphanage has children more than its capacity and is in poor condition. Most of the residents are girls as the childless couple prefer boys for adoption.This is not the first incident when minor and disabled girls gave fallen victim to perverts in government institutions in the state. Last year, a visually challenged girl was raped in the government school for blind in Lucknow. In December 2012, as many as 12 deaf and dumb girls and a boy studying in a government school for hearing impaired had complained about sexual harassment by the son of the school manager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12558203", "title": "Nidhi Subbaiah busy in B-town", "text": "Kannada actress Nidhi Subbaiah is all set for a Bollywood debut Oh My God opposite Akshay Kumar . We heard the actress has signed a second Hindi film recently.Nidhi wants the production house to announce it, thus chose to remain mum about it. The actress is so serious about her Bollywood career that she hasn't signed any Kannada films post Anna Bond.Though she is getting good response in Bollywood, she doesn't want to leave Kannada films either. The actress reveals that she can afford to be choosy. Her wish list includes a film with filmmaker Yograj Bhat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12557661", "title": "Make way for Yuvvh", "text": "The buzzing and budding music scene of Kerala is all set to receive another boost this month with the foray of a global music company launching the album Yuvvh.While Avial's and Vineeth Sreenivasan's previous albums measured the beat of the Malayali audience, Chennai-based duo Sreejith and Saachin are now gearing up to launch their debut record titled Yuvvh hoping to \"make it a brand.\"\"Yuvvh stands for you and youth. The concept is to bring world music to Malayalam,\" says Sreejith, a sound engineer who has worked with several big names in Mollywood and Kollywood including Ouseppachan, Gopi Sunder and Gautham Menon .Singer Saachin and Sreejith say they believe that Malayalam industry has to potential to develop a strong mainstream album culture like Bollywood even though currently film songs rule the roost.\"The youth are more receptive to modern trends in music now and the success of Avial's albums and Vineeth's Malayali and Coffee @ MG Road are proof of that,\" says Sreejith.On their multi-genre album exposing hip hop, reggae and hard rock in Malayalam music, he says, \"In Kerala, there's a typical mindset which sidelines album songs. So we've made sure that ours has a youth appeal in terms of how it sounds and also reflects at a lot of outside influences.\"The album features a young crop of playback singers including Ennamo Edho crooner Aalaap Raju, Job Kurian, Swapna Abraham, Priya Hemesh lending their voices to the lyrics penned by Naveen Marar.With Kochi opening doors to recording studios, the time could be just right for the upsurge of the bands and their records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12553813", "title": "Exiled Tibetans three times more prone to TB than Indians", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tibetans in exile, living in India, are now facing a serious enemy in Tuberculosis. The Union health ministry says Tibetans in exile have one of the highest rates of TB in the world.In India, the prevalence of the deadly air-borne disease is three times higher in the Tibetan population than the national average. The alarming trend made the head of India's Revised National TB Control Programme (RNTCP) Dr Ashok Kumar meet the Dalai Lama on Wednesday at Dharamsala - the seat of the Tibetan government-in-exile.The meeting, Union health ministry officials said, was to seek the Dalai Lama's guidance and intervention on how the Tibetan population could be better integrated into the RNTCP, and ensure that they take proper drugs in right regimens.RNTCP officials said, \"His Holiness has promised to help the ministry to fight TB among Tibetans.\" They added, \"While India's national TB prevalence is about 168 cases per 1 lakh people, exiled Tibetans living in India have a TB rate of nearly 500 per 1 lakh population.\"Dr Kunchok Dorjee, TB programme director at Delek Hospital, Dharamsala, who hosted Dr Kumar, said \"Low-nutritional status of monks who fled Tibet in the 1960s made them prone to TB. Those who were infected spread it to others through migration. Child monks also live in close quarters and share dormitories inside the monasteries. Even if one of them is infected with the disease, it spreads to others easily.\"The ministry is most worried about multidrug-resistant (MDR) - a form that is hard to treat among Tibetans in India. Dr Dorjee added, \"At present, we don't really know the prevalence of MDR TB among Tibetans. Around 20 DOTS centers in and around Dharamsala is treating patients with normal TB. The ministry has assured us all support - both to diagnose and treat MDR TB.\"A RNTCP official added, \"We have told the Tibetan population that we will supply them drugs to treat MDR TB provided they follow the national TB control protocols.\" While treating a normal TB patient costs Rs 600 over six-eight months, MDR-TB patient's treatment is exponentially expensive at around Rs 1.5 lakh over 24-28 months.The World Health Organization has supplied the exiled government with two Genexperts - a machine that diagnoses MDR TB is less than two hours. A Line Probe Assay test takes two days to diagnose a single MDR sample, while liquid culture and solid culture tests take two months and four months, respectively.\"Time is of prime importance as far as diagnosing TB is concerned. A single MDR TB patient can spread the disease to 15 people every year, if left untreated,\" said a ministry official. A recent study found that incidence rates of TB among monastery monks were even higher than in the settlements.An official said it is of vital importance to stop the spread of TB among exiled Tibetans in Delhi, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Dharamsala. It is estimated that 100,000 Tibetans live in India, and their population in Dharamsala is about 25,000An earlier Johns Hopkins report had said new cases of this preventable and curable disease among the young students and monks and nuns is higher than almost any other population in the world, and the threat of sickness, drug resistance, and mortality is a serious threat to their well-being. It had said, \"The TB problem for Tibetans is exacerbated by their refugee status which has led to poverty, work-related migration, malnutrition and over-crowding. An immediate emergency response plan, including proper drug supply are needed to prevent unnecessary disease and death in this vulnerable population.\"It had said that in 2007, the estimated TB incidence among Tibetan refugees in Himachal Pradesh was 816/100,000, a rate that is three-four times higher than all other Asian countries, including that of the general population in India.TB incidence was about 2,500/100,000 in the residential schools for newly-arrived Tibetan refugees. More than half of TB patients were student or monks and nuns, and 75% were below 30 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12553117", "title": "HC declines to pass order against corporation's show-cause notice", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of Madras high court has declined to grant any order against the show cause notice issued by the Madurai municipal corporation to an owner of a building near the Meenakshi Sundareswarar temple.Recently, the city municipal corporation had issued show cause notices to 790 buildings that were constructed in violation of norms on the height of the buildings around the temple. The notice sought explanation from the owners of the buildings for the violation and why action should not be taken against them.Aggrieved over the show cause notice, Thangamayil Jewellery Ltd filed the present petition seeking to quash the same and further restrain the commissioner of Madurai Corporation and its officials, from, in any way attempting to interfere with the peaceful possession of the company in respect of structure situated at Nethaji Road. According to the petitioner, the company purchased the property in 1996 and on such purchase had raised construction after securing necessary permission and licence from the corporation. The plan approval was granted by the corporation in 1997. Thereafter for the expansion, required further plinth area and put up construction of three more floors and above the existent ground floor construction. In 2002, the company filed an appeal before the corporation. The corporation on consideration of the application had directed the petitioner company to pay additional charges for regularising the plan with the modified structure and payment was also made.The petitioner said, \"While the company continues to pay the property tax, sewage charges and other dues to the local body, the corporation issued a show cause notice to it without authority of law.\"The petitioner also said the authority cannot take action and demolish the building in question, after having collected the fee for regularizing the plan. The company contended that it is running a jewellery shop and materials worth several crores of rupees are in the building. If the impugned order is implemented, it will result in irreparable prejudice to it. The construction raised by it does not in any manner hinder the view.The structure raised by the petitioner is in existence for over a decade.None had complained that the building is causing nuisance. The bench comprising Justice R Banumathi and Justice B Rajendran disposed the petition stating that notice issued by the corporation is only a show cause notice.Therefore, they said the petitioner can submit his explanation to the notice. As the counsel for the petitioner stated that the seven days time for submitting the explanation has expired already, the judges granted 10 days time for the petitioner to submit the explanation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kari", "code": "12551858", "title": "Hindus to throng Hanuman temples for his blessings", "text": "KARI: Lord Hanuman is the god of strength and adventure and is worshipped in various parts of Goa for strength and courage.Among the zoomorphic deities, Hanuman is the apegod and widely popular since the age of the epic Ramayana.On the banner of the Goa Kadambas, Hanuman was depicted and the worship of Hanuman is prevalent in Goa since the pre -Portuguese era.The 15th day of the first fortnight of the first Hindu month is celebrated as Hanuman Jayanti.As Hanuman is believed to destroy evil spirits and grant protection from ghosts, many of the shrines and temples of Hanuman are established on the top of a hillock or on the outskirts of a village.Marutigad in Mala area of Panaji has the most popular temple of Goa where the deity of Hanuman was consecrated and installed in 1933 and one has to climb a flight of 130 steps to reach it.In South Goa, Cacora has a temple of Maruti on Marutigad, where celebration is marked for three days - starting from April 6 to 8. Cultural activity such as 'Kirtan', 'Bhajan' and performances of dramas and singing of devotional songs are also organized.In Vithalapur of Karapur, a five-day celebration of Chaitrotsav will conclude on the day of Hanuman Jayanti with a performance of Veerabhadra's folk dance at midnight followed by procession of the idol of Vitthal in his chariot.The worship of Hanuman in India was made popular by Madhuracharya, the eminent spiritual leader from South India during the eleventh century.Madhuracharya visited Goa and the worship of Hanuman commenced through him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12553233", "title": "Revised quota may alter election scene in wards", "text": "LUCKNOW: Having declared the reservation for mayoral seats, the department of urban development is all set to come up with a revised reservation plan for wards in different municipal corporations as well. Thereafter, the state government will issue a notification for local bodies' elections, expectedly by April 16.Hectic preparations are underway to give final shape to the draft reservation plan. Sources said that a notification will be issued anytime between April 16 and April 22 paving way for the local bodies' elections, which may be held sometimes in the last week of May.For Lucknow, the proposed reservation plan is set to change the face of wards dramatically. In fact, some of the prominent corporators of Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC) may find their dreams of getting elected to the municipal house for another term shattered. Take the case of Triveni Nagar ward from where BJP's corporator Munna Mishra has been making it to the LMC house for the last three times. This time, the seat is proposed to be reserved for women. Chances are that he may field his wife.Likewise, it could be the end of innings for influential Congress corporator Nagendra Singh Chauhan who has been contesting and winning the elections from Raja Ram Mohan Roy ward, which is proposed to get reserved as a women seat.Nagendra's sister, Madhu Singh who has been winning from the adjacent and the prominent Hazratganj ward too is out of the fray with Hazratganj ward now getting reserved for SC category.Interestingly, there is still room for some of the prominent Samajwadi Party corporators who have been winning their seats in the past. Take for example the case of Yavar Hussain alias Reshu from JC Bose ward. Winning the seat for the past four terms, he may try his luck another time as the seat remains unreserved.Similarly, SP corporator from Gitapalli ward, Suresh Chauhan could once again be in the fray as the seat gets reserved for the women. Chauhan had, in fact, contested assembly poll from the Lucknow Cantonment seat on Samajwadi Party ticket. Putting of Ram Tirth ward in the unreserved category is another interesting feature of the plan. The ward has been known for its notorious corporator, Bantu Yadav, who has been contesting as a SP candidate. During the last municipal elections, when the ward was reserved for women, it was Bantu's wife, Durgesh Nandini who bagged the seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12552692", "title": "HC limits powers of state to run varsities", "text": "CHENNAI: A Tamil Nadu government order aiming to wield the power to make appointments, set pay scales and lay down service conditions for non-teaching staff in state-run universities, has been struck down by the Madras high court. The December 13, 2006 order would enable the government to take over the university's powers, set uniform pay scales and limit the categories of universities' non-teaching staff from about 50 to just 6.Justice V Dhanapalan, declaring the order as inoperative, said: \"If the administration of universities is allowed to be interfered with by the executive according to his whims and fancies, it would tantamount to usurping the powers of the authorities, which are vested with such powers.\"The matter relates to an order issued by the higher education department, apparently to bring uniformity in service conditions of non-teaching staff and change the salary and other benefits of the university employees in tune with government employees. It is the government's stand that different universities adopted different scales of pay to their non-teaching staff. Universities not sound in financial position found it difficult to accede to demands from non-teaching staff to match their salaries with that of affluent universities.Based on an expert committee's recommendations, it sought to have only six category of non-teaching staff - junior assistants, assistants, superintendents, assistant registrar/controller, deputy registrar/controller. At present there are nearly 50 categories of non-teaching staff in universities.The Madras University Staff Association, however, challenged the validity of the executive order, stating that the order had been passed without executive competence. On its part, the university too submitted that the syndicate alone was empowered to appoint faculties and staff, fix salaries and define duties and service conditions.Justice Dhanapalan rejected the advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan's claim that no prejudice or legal injury had been caused to the university employees. He said: \"Universities, being body corporates having perpetual succession, have got a separate legal entity, and, as such, the rules framed by the government shall not be applicable, unless specifically adopted by the universities are constituted.\"Noting that the executive power of state available under Article 162 of the Constitution shall be confined only to filling gaps not covered by existing rules, Justice Dhanapalan said that once law occupies the field, it will not be open to the state government to exercise its executive power. \"The impugned order defines service conditions, appointment and pay scales of non-teaching staff of universities, which are conspicuously covered by the existing rules of the statutes of universities. Therefore, the rules are not silent but are very sound on the particular point\", he said.Noting that the order would defeat the very objects of the statutes, the judge said such power could be exercised after making suitable amendments to the statutes by the legislature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12556406", "title": "Networked Readiness", "text": "INSEAD and the World Economic Forum released the 11th annual '2012 Global Information Technology' report, recently. The report examines the networked readiness of 142 developed and developing countries worldwide, accounting for over 98% of the world's GDP. The index measures the correlation between how these markets leverage advances in information and communication technologies (ICT) to drive economic productivity and social development.Sweden tops the list of countries followed by Singapore in the second position. The other countries in the top ten include Finland, Denmark, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Norway, US, Canada and the UK. The report contains detailed country profiles for the 142 economies featured in the study, providing a snapshot of each economy's level of ICT uptake and the economic and social impact.\"Over the past ten years, the information and communication technology industry has changed dramatically and its effects are increasingly transforming our economies and societies\", said Soumitra Dutta, Roland Berger professor of business and technology at INSEAD and co-editor of the report.\"Hyperconnectivity is redefining relationships between individuals, consumers and enterprises, citizens and the state, and we are beginning to see fundamental transformations in all areas of the economy and society said Robert Greenhill, Chief Business Officer, World Economic Forum.The report reveals that while the United States' position has declined to #8, the country delivers strong overall performance with an environment that is generally conducive to leveraging ICT successfully. However, declining skills and political and regulatory frameworks present some impediments, while regulation and consumer pricing remains burdensome.In the Middle East and North Africa (MENA), the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries stand out as a homogenous and high performing group (especially Bahrain, Qatar and the UAE). While most of the governments have embraced ambitious digital strategies coupled with pro-business reforms and massive infrastructure developments as part of their efforts to attract foreign investors and diversify their oil-dependent economies, the GCC economies would benefit further from expanding their overall skill base, especially eradicating adult illiteracy and increasing tertiary education.Liberalising the ICT and telecommunications markets would help reduce the high costs of accessing the internet and enabling wider diffusion and usage of ICT across the board.Despite improvements in competitiveness, the BRIC countries still face important challenges to better adopt and leverage ICT. While China leads this group, it faces important challenges that must be met to more fully adopt and leverage ICT. China's institutional framework and especially its business environment present a number of shortcomings that stifle entrepreneurship and innovation.ICT readiness in sub-Saharan Africa is low, with most countries showing significant lag in connectivity due to insufficient development of ICT infrastructure, which remains too costly, and displaying poor skill levels that do not allow for an efficient use of the available technology. Even in countries where ICT infrastructure has been improved, the ICT-driven impact on competitiveness and well-being trail behind, uncovering a pervasive digital divide.The Global Information Technology Report is the result of a partnership between INSEAD and the World Economic Forum's Centre for Global Competitiveness and Performance and the Industry Partnership Programme for information technology and telecommunications industries. With a record coverage of 142 economies worldwide, the report remains the most comprehensive and authoritative international assessment of the impact of ICT on competitiveness and the well-being of nations.www.insead.edu/GITR", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12553537", "title": "UP chief minister assures to address Teacher Eligibility Test issue", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Thursday met the TET ( Teacher Eligibility Test) qualified candidates and assured them that their problems will be solved. In this regard, he constituted a three-member committee under the leadership of chief secretary which is to submit its report within three weeks.The CM asked the committee to look into pros and cons of cancelling the TET 2012. On Thursday morning, TET candidates met the CM at his residence and requested him not to cancel the test. They also said that the test was the only hope of candidates for getting jobs. \"Why should innocent candidates suffer because of few officials who were involved in the TET scam. Because of them, the entire bunch of students cannot be at receiving end,\" said TET candidates.The candidates further added that recruitment should be made as per the Uttar Pradesh Basic Education Teachers Service Rules dated September 9, 2011.The test conducted for the first time on November 13, 2011, the test was surrounded by anomalies since beginning. On February 8, the then secondary education director, Sanjay Mohan was arrested and subsequently suspended after his name surfaced in the scam. He was alleged of duping unemployed youth by promising them success in the test. The test was aimed at recruiting teachers in primary and upper primary schools. tnnA total of 11,53,155 candidates took the test, out of which, 2.70 lakh candidates successfully qualified TET.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12553047", "title": "Two techies killed as dumper hits motorcycle at Yerawada", "text": "PUNE: Two computer engineers, including a woman, died on the spot after they came under the wheels of a dumper near Don Bosco High School in Yerawada on Thursday afternoon.The Yerawada police have identified the deceased as Dev Pratap Singh (26), originally from Jharkhand and Sonali Suprabhat Sharma (25) from Orissa, both of whom were residing at Hadapsar.The police have arrested the dumper driver Vijay Pandhare (32) of Moshi for negligent driving.The Yerawada police said the incident took place when Singh on his motorcycle was trying to overtake the dumper from the left. The dumper was going towards Alandi and there was crane on its right side. Singh's motorcycle skidded and both Singh and Sharma, who was ridding pillion, came under the rear left wheel of the dumper, the police said.The police said Singh was working in an IT company in Erandwane and Sharma was working in an IT company at Yerawada. Both were friends and had completed their graduation from an engineering college in Bhuvaneshwar. \"We have informed their parents about the incident,\" said sub-inspector V P Patil.Local residents said the road on which the incident took place is very narrow and parking is allowed on both the sides. Due to the one-way traffic near Parna Kuti Chowk, many heavy vehicles use this road to reach Deccan College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "12551753", "title": "Teacher booked for hitting KG student", "text": "WARANGAL: A private school teacher was booked for hitting a kindergarten student at Subedari in Hanamkonda on Thursday. The student suffered bleeding injuries on his head and his wounds had to be sutured.The incident took place at St Mary's School at Julywada.Angered over his bad handwriting, the teacher, Uma, hit Hemant on his head with a pen. When blood started oozing from his head, the teacher panicked and rushed to principal Daniel's room. The boy was taken to a private hospital where the doctors treated him.As soon as the word spread around, student unions and parents reached the school and shouted slogans demanding action against the teacher. They demanded that the authorities derecognize the school.Based on the complaint from the parents, a case was registered against the teacher under section 324 of the IPC, said SI Srinivas. Sources said the principal later talked to the parents and convinced them to withdraw the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12552791", "title": "Railways to do away with 5 level crossings in Pune division", "text": "PUNE: The Central Railway (Pune division) will do away with five level crossings along the Pune-Kolhapur line over the next one year. Road users will be provided with alternative routes like underpasses and over-bridges to cross the railway tracks.There are 186 level crossings along the railway tracks in Pune railway division. Of these, 42 are unmanned. Plans are to reduce level crossings and man the remaining to restrict accidents and deaths on the tracks. As many as 25 gates were manned in the division in the last 10 years, a railway official said.Public relations officer of the Pune railway division Y K Singh said an extensive plan has been drawn to curb accidents and deaths that occur due to careless crossing of tracks. \"Elimination of crossing gates is one such move. We are working on eliminating five existing gates operational on Pune-Kolhapur line,\" he added.Special attention has been given to railway tracks passing through urban sections like Lonavla-Pune and Pune-Daund where the number of people who cross railway tracks at various spots is high. Both sections have about 30 level crossings and all are manned, said Singh.During his recent visit to Pune, Railways board member (engineering) A P Mishra had said that the Railways was mulling removal of level-crossing gates. About 40% rail accidents occur near railway crossings. Mishra had said that there were other options like constructing rail overbridges and under bridges to reduce accidents. Under bridges were cost-effective, he said.Khadki resident Amey Rajimwar said the two level-crossinggates near Khadki railway station remain closed during rush hours for passing trains. \"One such gate is near Dapodi station as well. The Railways and civic administration must eliminate them to restrict chances of accidents at crossings,\" he said.Divisional railway manager Vishal Agarwal said they were working on a proposal to provide underpasses at some spots. In a recent development, an underpass was being constructed on Daund-Baramati track. Some proposals are under consideration for Pune-Daund and Pune-Miraj sections. Proposals for construction of ROBs at some spots can be worked out jointly with the state government, he added.There is complete co-operation from the railway administration on the railway overbridges proposal at Ghorpadi. Special awareness drives at level crossings are being conducted. During the drives, officials communicate with residents, students of schools and colleges and people from other establishments regarding use of crossings. Drives are conducted at regular intervals and sign boards are being put up at every crossing in the division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12553185", "title": "Debutant CMs strike a bond, aim at better relations between neighbours", "text": "LUCKNOW: Beaming with renewed confidence after managing his opposition within the Congress in the hills, Uttarakhand chief minister Vijay Bahuguna on Wednesday betrayed signs of worry. He termed his meeting with chief minister Akhilesh Yadav a success. Bahuguna left the city in the evening on a happy announcement that the free flow of the Ganga would be ensured from Uttrakhand to UP, particularly during the Kumbh Mela, scheduled at Allahabad towards year end.A former high court judge, Bahuguna, who inherited the political legacy of his father Hemvati Nandan Bahuguna (UP CM 1973-1975), was emotional while calling on Akhilesh Yadav at 5 Kalidas Marg. In fact, it was during the tenure of senior Bahuguna when this house was officially designated as CM's residence. His instant reaction was that the house has undergone major renovation and recalled the times spent there about four decades ago.\"We have played and lived here and spent good time with the family,\" recalled Vijaya Bahuguna, who was accompanied by younger sister and UPCC chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi.Talking to TOI, he said: \"I have come here with an open mind to make a strong bond between UP and Uttarakhand and look towards UP as a big brother.\" For this purpose, he said, Uttarakhand government looks towards UP for sharing some of its economic burden as well as its cooperation in developing a joint mega-plan to tap tourism potential for the mutual benefit of both states. He expressed hope that issues pending between the two states since the creation of Uttarakhand in 2000 would be resolved soon.In this connection, Uttarakhand CM said, he would urge the Centre to start a super-fast direct train between Lucknow and Dehradun for the convenience of tourists on both sides. The two CMs also agreed to chalk out a plan for the creation of a tourist circuit between UP and Uttarakhand. It was decided that the chief secretaries of the two states will meet in the next two weeks to discuss the issue threadbare.Relying on friendly relations between the Samajwadi Party and the Congress, Bahuguna hoped that UP CM would heed to his plan for tourism projects involving UP, Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh. \"If properly tapped, half of our budgetary requirements can be met through tourism projects in the state,\" said Bahuguna. He added that in the past, several governments have come and gone but they seldom worked in cooperation.Uttarakhand CM said he would urge the UP government to set up power projects in joint sector and for this purpose a detail programme would be prepared shortly. On the issue of protests by saints against 11 power projects in Uttarakhand, Bahuguna said stalling them only on the basis of emotion was not fair. \"In any case, the Ganga gets polluted after Haridwar, when it enters UP,\" he said. However, he assured that the water flow in the Ganga would be adequate during Mahakumbh.Bahuguna said Akhilesh Yadav has assured him to take early decision on the release of pension liability of around Rs 1,000 crore to Uttarakhand, transfer of convicts and undertrials from Uttarakhand jails, inter-change of officers, transport and sharing of power. \"The issue of prisoners, who are facing prosecution in cases registered in UP, but are lodged in Uttarakhand jails is also important,\" he said. The number of such prisoners is around 300 and one of them has been behind bars jail for over 29 years, he said.Another major agreement reached between the two CMs was the transfer of 18 hectares of irrigation land at Muzaffarnagar for the widening of NH 58 into four lanes to provide easy connectivity with Uttarakhand. The issue had been pending for a long time.Taking a dig at the BJP in the hill state, Bahuguna said its misrule, particularly under former chief minister, hampered Uttrakhand's growth and added that the state's interest were auctioned by the saffron brigade. The state was under mounting debt.When asked about the discontentment within the Uttarakhand Congress, Bahuguna exuded confidence that he was in a much better position than the opposition. \"We may be in second or third gear, but they are in reverse gear,\" he quipped, pointing out that the BJP has not yet been able to elect the leader of opposition almost a month after the election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12552563", "title": "Cops suspect bank, telecom officials", "text": "KOCHI: Police suspect a bigger plot involving officials of a new generation private bank and a major telecom provider behind the incident in which a fraudster hacked into the online banking account of a doctor in the city and siphoned off Rs 11.14 lakh.Preliminary probe throws light on the role of insiders in the bank and the telecom major in one of the biggest cyber heists reported so far in the state. As per the probe, the telecom company is said to have issued the duplicate SIM in the name of the doctor from Andhra Pradesh .\"We suspect that the fraud was committed after retrieving the usernames and the passwords of the victim from the security systems of the bank. A pan-national network of criminals is involved in the operation as the money transferred to 20 bank accounts in various places in the country was withdrawn within 24 hours,\" said the police officials.\"We have to check on what ground telecom company officials issued a duplicate SIM without cross checking it with the original subscriber. The telecom company issued the duplicate SIM based on requests from an anonymous person through phone and emails,\" the officials said.Above all, the fraud was committed on March 30 after the mobile connection of the doctor went dead. This was done to ensure that the doctor does not receive any mobile alerts about the online transactions being carried out in his account. The fraudsters have managed to crack the three-level online security system of the bank to commit the fraud. They accessed the profile password, transaction password and mobile password to transfer the money.Police officials will collect the details of the accounts to which the fraudsters have transferred the money. \"We need to check whether the cash was withdrawn from the said accounts through ATMs or in person from the particular branches,\" the officials added.How fraudsters siphoned off money?On March 30, mobile number of the victim went dead.Fraudsters availed a duplicate SIM from telecom operator and activated it to get the PIN number which the bank's system sends to customer for enabling online transaction.Gained access to the online account of the victim after cracking the three-level online security of the bank -- profile password, transaction password and mobile password.Transferred the money to 20 accounts in various branches of banks across in the country.Withdrew the money from the said accounts on March 30 itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12553007", "title": "PCMC razes unauthorised house of ex-mayor's brother", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) on Thursday started demolishing an unauthorized structure that belongs to the brother of former deputy mayor Dabbu Aswani.The four storey house located opposite Sai chowk in Pimpri is being razed following a Bombay high court directive, said Makrand Nikam, executive engineer, PCMC.Around 40 employees of the PCMC started demolishing the structure at 9am, with the assistance of two platoons of State Reserve Police Force (SRPF) and 80 policemen.The HC passed the order in response to the complaint filed by Raju Nagpal, a businessman from Pimpri camp, against Aswani and the PCMC demanding that the four alleged unauthorized constructions belonging to Aswani should be razed.On March 29, the high court gave the order directing the civic body to take action against the unauthorized constructions within two weeks and submit the compliance report. The order said if the civic body failed to take action, then at the next hearing, the municipal commissioner should be personally present in the court and explain the circumstances which prevented him from taking action. The next hearing is on April 12, said Nikam.\"The total area of the house is 850 sq m. We could not conduct the demolition drive on Wednesday due to the lack of police security,\" said Nikam. Speaking to TOI, Aswani said, \"Today's action is being taken as per the high court directives. We respect the high court and do not have any comment on it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12552038", "title": "Orlim locals want mega project site inspected", "text": "MARGAO: A large number of villagers gathered at the site of a mega project in Orlim demanding a site inspection and signed a memorandum on Thursday, April 2.The memorandum was later submitted to the office of the chief town planner, director of panchayats, Margao town planner, PWD, Orlim panchayat and Benaulim MLA claiming that the site was being built on a low- lying area. The mega project has the necessary permissions and licences from the TC and panchayat.The villagers led by activist Kim Miranda alleged that the panchayat was not interested in the welfare of the village and claimed that an inspection was needed as a storm water drain had to be built on priority basis and suitable setbacks from the project site had to be maintained from the main road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12552429", "title": "Wonderla plans new park in Hyderabad", "text": "KOCHI: Wonderla Holidays, promoted by electronic products major V-Guard Group, will tap debt up to Rs 150 crore as part of raising funds for its expansion in Hyderabad. The company is planning to set up its third theme park in the capital of Andhra Pradesh after Kochi and Bangalore at an investment of Rs 230 crore, a portion of which will be raised through internal accruals, Wonderla's new managing director Arun K Chittilappilly said.\"We will raise up to Rs 150 crore for this project through term loans and the rest through internal accruals.\"We have completed acquisition of 55 acres of land for the project which will have a timeline of two years,\" Chittilappilly said. Arun, who was earlier executive director with V-Guard, took over as managing director of Wonderla on Wednesday.The Hyderabad project will come up on the Bangalore model and will feature an amusement park combined with a five-star luxury resort. \"Going forward, we plan to have resorts attached to each of our theme parks,\" he said.The company is also acquiring land for its theme park in Chennai which will require investments of over Rs 200 crore. \"We will explore options of tapping equity, besides debt, for the Chennai project once we complete the formalities of land acquisition.\"Wonderla marked its foray into the hospitality space with the launch of its first resort at the company's Bangalore theme park on Thursday. The theme park and luxury resort will employ 120 people.The company expects the project to break even in two years, Chittilappilly said.Arun Chittilappilly, who was earlier executive director with V-Guard, took over as managing director of Wonderla Holidays on Wednesday. V-Guard founder Kochouseph Chittilappilly will oversee operations of the company in his new role as vice-chairman, while Priya Arun will take over as executive director.Wonderla's Bangalore property, which is spread over 82 acres of land, was set up in 2005 with an investment of Rs 109 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12551743", "title": "CAG flays urban body for delay in IT SEZ project", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: In what could be a jolt to the development of the region, the Vijayawada-Guntur-Tenali-Mangalagiri (VGTM) Urban Development Authority has failed to implement the IT Special Economic Zone project granted by the Centre within the stipulated time-frame. Indicting the UDA for its failure to take up the project on time, the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) observed that there was neither clarity nor commitment among different government agencies to implement it.An IT SEZ was granted to VGTM UDA in 2007 at an estimated cost of Rs 880 crore. The Centre, however, asked the local body to complete the project within three years after granting licence.VGTM UDA wasted six months before inviting request for proposals (RFPs) in March 2008. Surprisingly, a letter of acceptance (LoA) was issued to a private firm in January 2009 after the expiry of the bid validity period and performance guarantee term.Citing the global downturn and the delay by the UDA in clearing approvals, the firm which won the bid refused to take up the project. \"As the project was not implemented within the stipulated three years, the approval granted by the GoI for setting up the SEZ became invalid as per the SEZ rules,\" pointed out the CAG.The anticipated benefits of the proposed SEZ such as employment generation, overall development of the area and development of tier-II cities like Vijayawada as envisaged in the state government's IT policy could not be derived, it said. Curiously, the UDA blamed another government agency, APITCO, for the delay in preparing the blueprint for the project.The CAG also made adverse remarks on the functioning of the UDA in taking up developmental projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "12554035", "title": "Army recruitment drive draws thousands", "text": "MADIKERI: The Army recruitment rally that began in Madikeri on April 2 has drawn thousands of youth, said Colonel A S Gumman Singh, the Mangalore division security director, and Prithviraj, Karnataka and Kerala division security director. A separate selection camp will be conducted for Kodagu youths on April 7. Youths from over 11 districts are attending the rally.Colonel Singh said that the Army is the best place for unemployed youths who have completes their PUC or Class XII, as they can earn a minimum basic salary of Rs 17,000 plus medical, housing, education facilities for their family.The candidates have to pass the fitness tests and also a written test. They can opt for soldier general duty, soldier technical, soldier nursing assistant, soldier clerk/store keeper technical and soldier tradesman, After the recruitment they undergo training for a year. They are paid during the training period itself, Colonel Singh said.The Indian army is being fully computerized and persons and having computer skills will get priority during recruitment, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12552755", "title": "HRD ministry plans changes in teaching and curriculum", "text": "CHENNAI: The shortage of teachers in the school and higher education sectors has caught the attention of the human resource development ministry. It has proposed a National Mission on Teachers and Teaching to recommend initiatives and changes.\"The mission will address issues such as faculty shortage, recruitment policies, capacity building of teachers for improvement in qualification, pedagogic skills, technology-enabled teaching, training and teacher absenteeism and accountability,\" said the ministry in a document spelling out the agenda of a meeting of state higher and technical education secretaries this month.Recent analysis by the ministry's department of education shows that there are 5.23 lakh vacancies of school teachers at the elementary level, and that 5.1 lakh teachers must be appointed to meet the pupil-teacher ratio spelt out by the Right to Education Act. Around 35% of faculty positions are vacant in Central universities, 50% in 19 state universities, and 40% in 14 others.The ministry estimates that 7.74 lakh teachers do not possess the prescribed qualifications. Under the Centre's flagship scheme for secondary education Rashtriya Madhaymik Shiksha Abhiyan, 1.79 lakh teachers need to be appointed in secondary schools. Secondary school teachers need more training in English, math and science, academics have said.Data also shows that the institutional capacity for teacher trainers needs to be improved. Only 892 institutions with an approved intake of 28,957 students are recognised by the National Council for Teacher Education to prepare teacher educators. The ministry has said this capacity has to increase to 40,000. \"The University Grants Commission is taking steps to develop the institutional capacity to prepare teacher educators. However, even state universities need to be requested to take action in this regard,\" the ministry said.The national mission has proposed setting up Schools of Education in 40 university departments in Central, state and deemed universities, and others, including the NCERT regional colleges of education, to integrate teacher education with the higher education sector. The schools are expected to take up research in neglected areas in the curriculum, pedagogy, assessment and evaluation in teacher and school education, and make long-awaited changes in teacher education curriculum.Each school will have a centre for pre-service education, one for curriculum research, policy and educational development, learning and pedagogic studies, assessment and evaluation professional development of teacher educators, and a centre for teacher resource and academic support.Another recommendation is to set up four regional centres of educational management in the Indian Institutes of Management to offer a postgraduate diploma in education management for heads of teacher education institutions. The ministry has arranged a meeting of state higher and technical education secretaries in New Delhi on April 13 to discuss the states' involvement in the projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kolkata/new delhi", "code": "12552073", "title": "Bangla criminal held in N24-Parganas", "text": "KOLKATA/NEW DELHI: A wanted Bangladeshi criminal, who had been hiding in Kolkata for five years, was arrested from a hideout in Bagdah, on the city outskirts, on Wednesday night. Shailen Biswas, 43, is accused in 25 murders, including that of two communist leaders, in Bangladesh, say police. He was nabbed when allegedly preparing to kill a local resident, who was the key witness in a murder in Bongaon.Central and state intelligence agencies coordinated with the Bengal police to track down Biswas, the founder of the ultra-Left New Biplobi Communist Party (NBCP), a party banned in Bangladesh. A 9mm pistol and 10 bullets were seized from him. He was rumoured to have been killed by his rivals in January but police say he was running his operations in Bangladesh from his hideouts in Kolkata.His arrest comes two years after Bangladesh security forces arrested Biswas' brother Pradeep, an 'operation commander', who had returned to Bangladesh after spending several years in India. The brothers had fled Bangladesh in 2003 in the face of major anti-Maoist operations, police said. Biswas is wanted in connection with 54 criminal cases in Khulna, Satkhira and Jessore districts of Bangladesh, plus 21 cases of murder, kidnap and extortion in Dumuria police station area.Sources said they will be investigating Biswas' hand in at least two murders in Bongaon and Basirhat. \"A top Bangladeshi communist leader, Mrinal, was found dead in a wetland in Bongaon a few years ago. Biswas was a close aide of Mrinal but intelligence agencies of both countries suspect he had a role in the killing,\" said a source. Police suspect his involvement in the murder of another Bangladeshi national, Alamgir Khan, who was suspected to be involved in various criminal activities in that country.Biswas was arrested for the murder of businessman Subhas Biswas at Ramchandrapur in Bongaon in January 2010 but released from jail in December last year.State intelligence officials said they were \"aware of the arrest\". \"We have heard of this report. We have set a team to question this person. We hope to come out with the details soon,'' said ADG (intelligence branch) Banibrata Basu.Sources said Biswas hid in Bagdah, Birati and Madhyamgram for years. A special police team led by Bongaon SDPO Jayanta Mukherjee raided his hideout in Kurulia on Wednesday and arrested him. \"Biswas planned to murder a local Ranjit Mondal, the prime witness in the Subhas murder case. His attempt was foiled after police came to know his plan and nabbed him. We are looking for others in his gang,\" said Mukherjee.Biswas was remanded in police custody for 14 days on Thursday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12553113", "title": "Man jumps to death from 9th floor of family court building", "text": "PUNE: An employee of the state irrigation department allegedly committed suicide by jumping to his death from the ninth floor of the building housing the family court near the Alka theatre around 11.30 am on Thursday.The deceased has been identified as Navnath Rohidas Dhanepkar (29) of Manoja Residency, behind Khadakwasla dam, Kondhve Dhavade. He had gone to the family court for the hearing of an application seeking annulment of his registered marriage.Police inspector of the Vishrambaug police station Rajendra Sawant said that Dhanepkar jumped from the window of the child care and counselling centre of the family court on the ninth floor. There was panic on Shastri road as he fell on the footpath near the entrance of the building.\"The local people rushed him to a nearby private hospital, where he was declared dead,\" he said.The police found a photo album of Dhanepkar's marriage and an application for the court on the body. \"The application said he wanted to stay with the woman he had married. He was deeply in love with her, but she was not ready to live with him. We have registered a case of accidental death,\" Sawant said.Preeti Dudhate, a clerk in the family court, witnessed the incident. She was doing her work in the child care and counselling centre when, all of a sudden, the man walked into the room. He perched himself on the window sill, which has sliding shutters and no bars. \"I was shocked and asked him what he was doing. The man screamed out a woman's name. I called out to the other employees but he jumped before they could reach him,\" she said.Another employee of the court, who was in the corridor when the incident took place told TOI that the man looked tense and was walking around in the corridor. \"He suddenly entered the room and jumped out of the window.\"Pratibha Ghorpade, the counsel appearing for the woman Dhanepkar had married, said the couple had met in July 2010. \"He had proposed to her then. However, when she refused to marry him, he threatened to commit suicide.\" He continued to pressurise her into marrying him, till she gave in to the pressure and they secretly married in December 2010. Both of them did not inform their parents,\" she said. \"When the woman said she wanted to tell her parents, he threatened to commit suicide.\"She further said that in April 2011, Dhanepkar went to the woman's house and forced her to come away with him. That is how her shocked parents found out that they were married. \"When the woman told her parents that she had been forced into the marriage against her wish, her father decided to leave the city with the family.\"In May 2011, when the woman came to Pune for an exam, Dhanepkar threatened her again, saying that he had consumed poison. The woman's father rushed him to the hospital, where it was revealed that he had done nothing of that sort.Later, it was found that Dhanepkar had uploaded the video of the couple's marriage on to a social networking site. \"Following this, the woman came to Pune a few months later and lodged a complaint against him at the Mundhwa police station,\" Ghorpade said.She said the woman and her parents also filed a petition in the family court to declare the marriage null and void, since it was forcibly done. \"On Thursday, the woman was present in the building since she had come to the court for the hearing,\" Ghorpade said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12552837", "title": "Citizens relish sight of seawater fish in Sayajibaug", "text": "VADODARA: Citizens, especially kids, are flocking the aquarium in Sayajibaug these days to catch a glimpse of sea-water fish - something they have never seen in their life. The fish, usually found in deep ocean near Andaman Nicobar Islands, were recently brought in at Yash Aquarium. And, it is for the first time in Gujarat that sea fish have been put on display in public aquarium. Most municipal corporations don't keep sea fish as maintaining them is a very costly affair.However, Sangeeta Rathod, who runs the public aquarium with help of Subhash Uttekar, decided to incur the cost so that people could see new aquatic life. The sea fish put on display are Clownfish, Yellow Tail Blue Damsel and Goby. \"Our aquarium has lot of fresh water fish like any other aquarium. We wanted to show some aquatic life that people hadn't seen earlier. So we decided to go for seawater fish. No public aquarium in the state has sea fish as maintaining them is both costly and very laborious affair,\" Uttekar told TOI.He said that he had to buy imported ocean sea salt that is to be mixed in the water in which these fish are kept. \"To keep sea fish alive in tanks, one has to create a natural environ for them. And that includes having salt water with balanced chemicals in the fish tank with water waves and coral reef. It cost us about Rs 50,000 to recreate the sea environ in the tank. The water has to go under five different processes before going in the tank,\" Rathod said.What keeps the aquarium employees on their toes is that even a slight change in ratio of water and salt can kill the fish instantly. \"It is illegal to bring in natural coral reef so I made an artificial one from stones. Also, I had to inject bacteria in the stones as the fishes survive on it,\" Uttekar explained. However, he lamented that despite their efforts Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) has been unsupportive.\"We have been requesting VMC to get us underground water through bore-well as chlorine water supplied by them kills fish. But, everyone, including the top authorities, just made promises. We have also requested VMC to allow us to increase entry fees that are very negligible but to no avail. We are running the aquarium in losses,\" Uttekar said. The aquarium was started about six years ago by Rathod's husband, who was very passionate about fish. However, he died a couple of years ago. His wife is handling the aquarium in his memory. The aquarium currently has about 60 fish of different varieties, including some foreign breeds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12551402", "title": "MSRTC starts AC buses to Hyderabad", "text": "NAGPUR: Like on the Nagpur-Pune route, the MSRTC has started operating air-conditioned Volvo buses between Nagpur and Hyderabad (480km) every day.Rajiv Ghatole, MSRTC's Nagpur divisional controller, informed that the semi sleeper AC Volvo would leave Nagpur at 8.30pm from Ganeshpeth bus stand. It would reach Hyderabad the next day at 7am. In the return direction, the bus would start at 9.30pm and reach Nagpur at 8am the next day. The buses would pass through the newly constructed four-lane national highway of Jam, Hinganghat, Pandharkawda, Adilabad and Nizamabad.The Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC) has also been operating similar Volvo buses to Nagpur but with higher fares. APSRTC bus will start from Nagpur at 9.30pm and reach Hyderabad the next day at 8am while from Hyderabad it will start at 8.30pm and reach Nagpur next day at 6am.\"After Pune, there was a demand from passengers to start air-conditioned services to Hyderabad. The MSRTC has kept its fare at Rs 837 per adult to make the service competitive as APSRTC has been charging Rs 880 on the same route,\" said Ghatole.Ghatole said the response for the Volvo buses on the Nagpur-Pune sector has been very good. \"We have kept the fares fixed at Rs 1,210 even during the festival season,\" he said. \"We will also not be changing the fares to Hyderabad.\"MSRTC has also introduced SMS-based e-ticket confirmation and reminders for online booking. Now, when a ticket will be booked online for the air-conditioned Volvo service on both Pune and Hyderabad sector, the user will receive an SMS confirming the reservation with details. Further, an SMS reminding the person of his journey will be sent four hours prior to the scheduled time.New bus stand at Wardhaman NagarTo cater to passengers in East Nagpur, MSRTC has renovated the bus depot at Lakadganj and converted it into a terminus. Nagpur divisional controller Rajiv Ghatole said that almost 105 buses will start from here for places like Bhandara, Gondia, Aheri, Sironcha, Gadchiroli, Chandrapur and Yavatmal.After halts at Mohta Petrol Pump, Subhash Putla Square, Telephone Exchange Square, Gangabai Ghat Square, Jagnade Square etc, the buses will come to the Ganeshpeth bus stand. Bus time tables have been displayed at all these stops.From Wardhaman Nagar bus stand, people can also travel to Ganeshpeth to board buses for Amravati, Akola and other places.\"Monthly bus passes and other administrative work will be done at the new bus stand between 9.30am and 5pm,\" Ghatole said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12557857", "title": "Sakti Burman's love for art", "text": "Born and raised in a traditional family of landed gentry in Bidyakut (now part of Bangladesh), Sakti Burman was hugely influenced by the joyous spirit of frequent festivities around him, which his paintings prominently exude.Destiny took him to Paris, where \"his dream was fulfilled\". Burman says, \"I came to Paris in 1956 and enrolled as a student at the Ecole Nationale Superiure des Beaux-Arts. I was keen to learn everything about the fascinating vista of the world of art that opened up for me in Paris.\"While painting, drawing and sketching, Burman regularly visited galleries and museums there to understand art history and the aesthetic drives of the modernism of Europe that had overhauled the concept of art. \"I couldn't forget my Indian roots and at the same time I was fascinated by Matisse and Bonnard, especially their interiors. I also picked up a little from Italian renaissance masters such as Masaccio, Giotto and Piero Della Francesca - their murals and frescos gave me an idea,\" says Burman.But the Beaux Arts degree did not fetch him much remuneration, the artist recollects. His frequent visits to India resulted in his eyes opening to India's glory: \"I was reborn as an artist. I returned to Paris and did nothing but paint.\" Soon his art took a new turn as he forged the styles that he had gathered from the two worlds. \"All my excited enjoyment of art in India and in the West that lay in the unconscious, all the myths, fairy tales, my love for music and Tagore's songs and Baudelaire's poetry - all went into the making of my paintings, guided heavily by spirituality,\" says Burman.The alchemy of mystical magic and lore takes centrestage in Burman's art. Faded canvases, illusory myths, the tyranny of memory fade and fade away into oblivion. The urge to capture them for posterity's sake compels the artist to pour this iconography onto his canvas. The exhibition of Sakti Burman's works is on from April 4 at Akar Prakar, from 2pm to 7pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12551931", "title": "Reckless land auctions dent Brand Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The 1,650 acres of prime Wakf land in Manikonda is not the only property that the state government seems to have sold off as its own. At least half a dozen such plots dotting plush pockets of Hyderabad were also auctioned by the government at a premium during the realty boom of 2006-2008. This was not of Wakf land.Cut to 2012, and some of the biggest deals find themselves embroiled in legal tussles or have even lost developers following long drawn legal battles. Take a look:* The Golden Mile in Kokapet went under the hammer in 2006. Close to 100 acres here was auctioned by the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Corporation (then HUDA) to 12 real estate groups from across the country. The bids shot to as much as Rs 14.5 crore per acre. Among those who picked up vast tracts of land here were Koncept Ambience, Bangalore-based Prestige Group, Delhi-based Today Homes, Madhucon Projects Ltd , and others. With third parties staking claim over it, the land deal went to court soon and has since remained unsettled. While some of the buyers did clinch an order in 2008 directing the municipal body to refund the money, it is yet to be done. An appeal petition filed by HMDA, challenging the demand of the bidders, is pending in court for over two years. The land remains vacant at present.* Close to 150 acres of land in Raidurg was auctioned a year later by the Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC). The bidders included the likes of realty giant DLF, ITC Hotels and Bangalore-based Salarpuria group. DLF was the highest bidder with its quote of Rs 19 crore (approx) per acre. It picked up 32 acres. The matter took a legal twist when multiple parties, soon after the much-hyped auction, alleged it was their private land and dragged APIIC to court. After four-and-a-half years of fierce battle, the apex court finally ruled in the state's favour about six months ago. But now the buyers are hesitant to start work at the site with the city's real estate sector on a shaky ground.* A stone's throw from Golden Mile, Empire-II also ran into a similar crisis soon after an HMDA auction in 2006. While the government department collected handsome advance payments from bidders -- DLF alone paid Rs 200 crore for the 75 acres it blocked -- the venture failed to take off, thanks to a third party claim on the land. Even Google and DQ Entertainment that were allotted land here have kept away from it, sources say. The matter is pending before the high court.* The Pentagon project in Miyapur also passed under the HMDA hammer in 2007. But its dubious credentials not only failed to attract many bidders but also drove away the only interested party, Bangalore-based Mantri Developers. The firm that had bid to buy as much as 23.11 acres of the total 105 acres there (at the upset rate of roughly Rs 7.5 crore), pulled out of the race after investigations revealed the plot was caught in the 'enemy act' (evacuee land) and could lead to litigations in future. The land is yet to find a taker. \"The government cheated us. It should have followed all acquisition norms to procure the land before selling it to buyers at such a high rate. Even our money has not been refunded,\" rued Mahavir P Agarwal, chairman, Koncept Ambience that paid a whopping Rs 107 crore for 14 acres in Golden Mile. Local bidders apart, those who ventured into Hyderabad now describe the city as non-conducive for investment.But considering the state's \"mindless auctions\", this was bound to be, observe social activists. They point out how in a bid to pocket money, the government rushed into sell every inch of land available in its kitty in the mid-2000. \"It not only declared others land as it own, which has now come to haunt them but did not even think of leaving a land bank for itself to develop public utilities. Such unwarranted auctions need to stop,\" said researcher and social activist C Ramachandraiah.APIIC, however, refuses to take the blame for such legal tussles. Officials argue that the land was handed over to it by the government to conduct auctions. \"Our role ended with that. Whether the land is litigated or not is for the government to deal with,\" said B R Meena, managing director, APIIC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12552688", "title": "Jewellers' delegation meets Pranab over duty issue", "text": "INDORE: A delegation comprising 25 representatives of various jewellers' association from across the country met finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Thursday taking up the various issues including the roll-back of excise duty on unbranded jewelleries even as the gold merchants' nation-wide strike entered 20th day.However, the agitating jewellers are yet to decide on the fate of the nationwide strike. A decision on this would be taken only after the meeting with Mukherjee on Friday. The jewellers are demanding the scrapping of the excise duty on unbranded jewellery, removal of additional burden of custom duty on the import of raw materials for jewellery manufacturing and withdrawal of tax collection at source (TCS), introduced by Mukherjee, while presenting the annual budget for the current fiscal in Parliament on 16 March.Talking to ToI, Hari Goyal, president, Bhopal Sarafa Association, who was in New Delhi, said, \"We do feel that the 1% excise duty on unbranded jewellery must be removed immediately as it will make the survival of all the local jewellers difficult. Also, we are demanding that the custom duty on imported jewellery must be reduced to the previous 1%\".When it comes to the customs duty, first the government increased it to 2% from the previous 1% in January, which was doubled to 4% in the current year's budget. The jewellers are demanding that it must be brought down to 1% only to have a level-playing field in the industry.Sushil K Jain, vice-president, All India Sarafa Association, who was part of the delegation, which was led by former Bihar chief minister Lalu Prasad Yadav , told ToI after the meet, \"The FM listened to our problems patiently and assured that no further harassment and no more difficulties will be faced by the community as the government will take all necessary steps in this direction to avoid any such issue, which may lead to inspector raj. Also, the FM assured that the jewellers will not face any problem relating to their livelihood and hence they will be able to lead a peaceful and respected life now on.\"Jain further said that the FM would be once again interacting with the representatives of Gold, Gem &amp; Jewellery Federation in New Delhi on Friday to discuss the issue. \"It will be then that we will decide if we should continue our ongoing indefinite strike,\" he said.Nirmal K Bhura, president of MP Sarafa Association, was also in New Delhi for the meet. Some of the jewellers' associations that was also the part of the delegation during the interaction with FM, which also included Delhi Bullion Merchants' Association and Gems &amp; Jewellery Trade Federation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12553933", "title": "Leadership change in BJP not necessary: Dhananjay", "text": "MANGALORE: Special representative of the government of Karnataka in New Delhi V Dhananjay Kumar on Thursday said the BJP is capable to solve any crisis in the state unit of the party.\"All of us know that things are not well in the BJP. Interests of people and the party are important to the party high command. We are capable of rectifying any sort of issues in the party here. Leaders in the state need to unite. It will be costly for the party, if we do not unite and work,\" Dhananjay said on the sidelines of the launch of the cloud campus of NIIT here on Thursday.There were political crisis in BJP even before the party came to power in the state, he said. \"Issues in the party were not highlighted in the media at that time as the party did not have power. I have requested all party leaders not to discuss about dissent openly, but bring it to the notice of the high command and try to find solution within the four walls of the party office,\" he added.On demand for change in leadership, Dhananjay said he does not find it necessary at the moment.\"I do not find any shortcomings in the administration of chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda. Why should I recommend change in leadership as the chief minister is my close friend and classmate? However, it is up to the party high command to decide whether change of leadership is necessary or not,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12552814", "title": "Court notice to mayor on defeated candidate's plea", "text": "PUNE: Small causes court principal judge M M Umer on Thursday issued notices to Pune mayor Vaishali Bankar and others on an election petition filed by defeated Congress candidate Pallavi Surse, a resident of Gondhalenagar, Hadapsar.According to Surse's petition, Bankar and others - Pune municipal commissioner, district collector, returning officer and defeated candidates Yogita Bankar and Poonam Bhumkar - violated the election rules under section 14 and 14 (1) of the BPMC Act.Besides, Bankar had filed false affidavit at the time of the elections.The court has directed Bankar and others to appear before it and file their written statements on April 25.Surse had contested the civic elections from women's open category from panel no. 44 (A) at Hadapsar on February 16. Bankar secured 9,798 votes while Surse polled 4,333 votes as per the results declared by the PMC the next day. Surse through her lawyers Biju Aloor and Jaymika Jahagirdhar then moved the court for setting aside Bankar's election.Surse alleged there was no free and fair elections as her rival candidates violated the guidelines set by state election commission and influenced the voters by offering them gifts. Bankar manipulated the election voting machines (EMV) for securing more votes, she alleged.Surse also complained to the district collectorate and PMC about alleged EMV tampering. She has demanded that the elections be conducted again after setting aside Bankar's nomination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12552746", "title": "Stop flyover work near COEP, say activists", "text": "PUNE: Several citizens groups and activists working for sustainable transport in the city have sent a petition to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan urging him to intervene and to get the construction work of the two-tier flyover at Shivajinagar near the College of Engineering Pune (COEP) stopped.Construction work for the flyover has just begun with preliminary excavation being done along the highway stretch.The citizens groups have said that the flyovers built by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) have aggravated traffic problems in the city, rather than alleviating them.\"Flyover construction is not a sustainable traffic solution. It provides temporary relief and the problem becomes serious after a few years. Such constructions benefit only private vehicles, that too for a short term. On the other hand, the increase in number of private vehicles creates major problems for pedestrians, cyclists and bus commuters, whose mobility and safety are seriously affected,\" they said.Among the signatories to the petition are Sujit Patwardhan of Parisar, Jugal Rathi of PMP Pravasi Manch, Dilip Sarda of Pune Cycle Prathisthan, Prashant Inamdar of Pedestrians First and Satish Khot of the National Society for Clean Cities.The groups have said that the construction of the massive flyover would severely affect the COEP building, which is of national importance and international repute. \"The main building of the COEP is a grade I heritage structure, which has recently been renovated. With the construction of the flyover, the institution will lose a large area of its land. The widened road and flyovers would be very close to the institute buildings, causing serious disturbance to the academic functioning of the institute due to highly increased noise and air pollution,\" the groups said. They added that a large number of trees on the campus would be cut and that safety of students would be compromised.The flyover, the groups said, would affect citizens as increased vehicle speed would make roads unsafe for pedestrians, cyclists and bus commuters. A traffic scheme having an adverse impact on pedestrians, commuters and bicycle users is against the National Urban Transport Policy, the members said.They have also demanded that there should be a public consultation and transparency before implementation of such projects. The flyover is being constructed by the PMC at a cost of over Rs 60 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12552267", "title": "Post office superintendent caught taking bribe", "text": "JAIPUR: The CBI on Tuesday allegedly caught-red handed Jhunjhunu division's superintendent of post offices Pramod Kumar Gupta at his office accepting a bribe of Rs 5,000. The officer was taking the bribe to clear retirement related files of a junior employee. He has been arrested and raids are going on at his residence and office.According to a CBI spokesperson, an inspector working in the post office department has lodged a complaint with the agency saying that Gupta was demanding bribe from him.\"The complainant was retiring from his service in July. Gupta was demanding Rs 10,000 from him to clear his retirement related files,\" the officer said. However, the complaint agreed to pay Rs 5000. \"A trap was laid and he was caught red-handed by a CBI team taking the bribe at his office on Tuesday,\" the officer said.He further said Gupta is being brought to Jaipur after the agency officials arrested him. \"He will be produced in a court on Wednesday,\" the officer said.The CBI has registered a case under various sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act. \"Raids are being carried out at the houses owned by him in Udaipur, Udaipurwati and Jhunjhunu and his office. Further investigation is on,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12553212", "title": "SP leader injured in attack outside house", "text": "KANPUR: A group of miscreants on two-wheelers attacked Samajwadi Party leader Mohammad Hasan Roomi outside his house on Thursday morning.Roomi, who had contested from Cantt assembly segment on SP ticket, was attacked outside his residence in JK Colony in Jajmau. He has been admitted at a private hospital, where the doctors had stated his condition to be stable.Roomi was going to Lucknow after learning about the demise of SP leader Jitendra Bahadur Singh, who was undergoing treatment at Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences. While he was waiting for his vehicle outside the garage near his house, armed assailants, around six in number came on a couple of two-wheelers and hurled stones at him. When he raised an alarm, the miscreants opened fire in the air and managed to escape.A profusely bleeding Roomi collapsed at the gate of his residence.The motive behind attack is not known. The Chakeri police are waiting for Roomi to recuperate to record his statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12553201", "title": "City gets cloudy morning", "text": "KANPUR: The city woke up to a cloudy morning on Thursday which reduced the maximum temperature by nearly four degrees. The fast winds and the dust particles gave tough time to commuters.The resident of areas where digging under JNNURM is going were the worst sufferers. The current humidity level, which is less than 50 per cent, has led to the drying of the soil surface that has resulted in increased SPM and RSPM level in the atmosphere.Areas like Kidwai Nagar, Fazalganj, Shyam Nagar, Lal Bangla and others experienced heavy dust pollution in the evening.Meanwhile, the maximum temperature stood at 35.6 degrees on Thursday, which was 4.3 degrees less than that of Wednesday. The minimum temperature had increased to 19.6 degree Celsius.According to the weather scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, no changes are expected in the prevailing weather conditions in the days to come. There could be an increase of about one or two degrees in the temperature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12551259", "title": "Gokulpeth traders attack civic chief", "text": "NAGPUR: Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal and his team had a miraculous escape on Thursday when stones were pelted at Nagpur Municipal Corporation's anti-encroachment team by about 50 shop-owners from Gokulpeth market.The shopkeepers claimed civic chief had abused the traders and slapped Gokulpeth Vyapari Sangh president Pramod Agrawal. As part of its ongoing drive against encroachers, the anti-encroachment squad led by Jaiswal on Thursday reached Gokulpeth market, where encroachers had not only extended their shops up to footpath but also were obstructing traffic on the road.Initially, the squad received support from shopkeepers. The squad also removed at least 125 encroachments from roads and footpaths, seizing four truckloads of material and 60 pushcarts. The squad also demolished extension of shops in the busy market area.\"When the squad reached Laxmi Bhuvan Square, a few shopkeepers including Pramod Agrawal and Manoj Sahu tried to prevent the squad from doing its work,\" claimed superintendent of anti-encroachment squad (NMC) M V Ninawe. Jaiswal and senior police inspector in-charge of Ambazari police station N D Ingle asked them not to intervene and appealed for their support to ease congestion on footpath and road.A few shopkeepers tried to abuse the commissioner and soon around 50 of them, members of Gokulpeth Vyapari Sangh, joined Agrawal. They started raising slogans against Jaiswal and also tried to attack him. As temperatures rose Jaiswal left the spot.The traders had a different version. Manoj Sahu, shop-owner at Gokulpeth, said, \"We asked whether the extension of a shop up to road divider will be considered encroachment.\" This angered the civic chief who not only abused Agrawal, but also slapped him, he added. Agrawal, along with other shopkeepers, went to Ambazari police station to lodge a complaint against Jaiswal for slapping him. He claimed that Ambazari police instead detained him and other shopkeepers for almost three hours. Despite repeated attempts and SMSes, Jaiswal was not available for comment.The civic body and city police have jointly launched a drive to remove encroachments in various parts of the city after directives of high court. The NMC also declared many stretches and commercial areas 'zero tolerance zone' for encroachments and regular drives are being conducted to oust people who do business from pavements and roads on these congested roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12553812", "title": "'Cauliflower ears don't look cute on girls'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While Cherie has no issues with scars, one thing Colleen hates getting into the cage without is a pair of ear guards. \"Cauliflower ears (a condition most common among wrestlers, boxers and mixed martial artists) are something I don't want! It doesn't look cute on girls,\" she states.A common grouse both the fighters have is the lack of fighting opportunities back home owing to fewer women taking to the sport. \"It's disappointing at times to be training all through the year and then get a fight that falls through because of some reason or the other. But over the years I've made peace with the fact and accepted it as part of the sport,\" says Colleen, who just turned 30.Little surprise then that both the girls jumped at the chance of fighting in India even though it was at the shortest of notices. \"I had a party planned over the long weekend with friends but these are sacrifices worth making. I'm just thrilled at the chance to fight,\" says Cherie. Colleen wouldn't think otherwise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12551968", "title": "Squatters scuttle flyover beautification", "text": "KOLKATA: The over-enthusiastic beautification spree undertaken by the Mamata Banerjee government seems to have hit a hurdle. Despite the blueprint being ready and funds not a concern, beautification can't be taken up as the project to clear squatters and rag pickers from below the Gariahat flyover has fallen flat.The settlers - most of them rag-pickers, rickshaw-pullers and beggars - are using every trick, including flexing of muscles, to prevent eviction. Thus cops on duty are afraid to intervene fearing trouble. Also, the three agencies - the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC), the Hooghly River Bridge Commissioners (HRBC) and the state public works department (PWD) - are engaged in a tussle on who will execute the project.A slum has come up over the years under Gariahat flyover, about 20 feet wide and meant to be a parking lot. There is also a neatly built brick house, utensils, clothes stacked, and nearly 50 people who have settled down along the entire stretch. But those who have ever parked their cars here are aware of the problems. If the encroachers' belongings are touched, they create quite a ruckus. There are also drunken brawls, but despite hawkers and shop owners bringing it to the notice of Gariahat police, nothing has been done to evict them.Sabitri Mukherjee, a resident of Gariahat, said that women find it unsafe to walk below the stretch late in the night due to the ragpickers' drunken brawls. \"It is high time the government does something to make the place more liveable and for shoppers to walk around with ease,\" she said.This triggered the government to take up a beautification project - that included planting of trees, more public toilets and fountains - as that would mean eviction of the encroachers and the place would get safe for pedestrians.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had told her close aides that the space below Gariahat flyover has to be executed immediately. But the issue at hand is the handling of parking. While it will cost something between Rs 5 lakh to Rs 6 lakh to beautify the space, each individual agency is eyeing the revenue from the parking fees.With the blueprint ready, when PWD went on to implement the project, HRBC asked the state officials not to go ahead as they would want to do the beautification work.Mayor Sovon Chatterjee too said the HRBC was going ahead with the project. But according to Kalyan Bandopadhyay, chairperson of HRBC - the nodal agency for construction of the Gariahat flyover - \"the CM had asked the KMC to implement the project a couple of weeks ago. I will have to talk to the mayor and sort it out\".Bandopadhyay added that if the HRBC implements the project, then the KMC has to hand over the maintenance of the parking lot to them.\"At present, KMC maintains the parking lot, and collects the revenue. If we go on to implement the beautification project, we would like to look after the parking lot,\" Kalyan Bandopadhyay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12552089", "title": "Highway cops get tender slap from CM", "text": "PANAJI: Policemen in the habit of having free food from roadside vendors got a taste of CM Manohar Parrikar's medicine.Parrikar was travelling to Panaji from Ponda when he saw police control room (PCR) staff drinking tender coconut water from a vendor along the highway and moving away without paying. They didn't get far, for the CM's personnel stopped them and asked the cops to pay the vendor for the tender coconuts they had taken.Bringing this to the notice of senior police officials, Parrikar, during a meeting with police on Sunday, said such practices should stop. Pointing out to another instance of corruption, he said a police inspector posted at Mapusa traffic cell goes around in his vehicle collecting money instead of managing traffic.\"CM was clear that he will not indulge in witch hunting for the past acts of the cops. He expects everyone to work with utmost honesty and for the benefit of the people,\" said an official who was present at the meeting. During the meeting, Parrikar had emphasized on the need for police to adopt a zero tolerance policy towards drug trafficking in the state. He also asked the police to register an FIR (first information report) as soon as they receive a complaint.Police chief DGP Kishan Kumar had informed the CM that police had introduced a new integrated patrolling scheme and had also decided to revamp the local intelligence branch ( LIB) in all police stations. \"We have called for the list of LIBs in each police station as well as details of the number of cases they have helped detect. Based on their performance, they will be retained. If they have failed to perform, they will be transferred,\" police sources present for the meeting said.Police had also informed the CM regarding their pending proposals with the home department, such as setting up of ATS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12556189", "title": "'Teri Meri Kahani' not similar to 'Three Times': Kohli", "text": "The storyline of Shahid Kapoor- Priyanka Chopra starrer upcoming film 'Teri Meri Kahani' seemed to be very much on the lines of Taiwanese film 'Three Times'. But director Kunal Kohli insists there are no similarities between the two and that its just a coincidence.Both Shahid and Priyanka are seen in three different avatars over three time spans -- 1910, 1960 and 2012 -- in the film, akin to 'Three Times' which features three separate love stories chronologically set in 1911, 1966 and 2005, with the same lead actors, Shu Qi and Chang Chen .The 2005 film was a hit and won several awards. However, Kohli says his film is different. \"I have not seen the film ('Three Times') to begin with but someone told me about it while I was making the film and I happened to read about it. But I would still say our film is completely different. It is just a coincidence,\" he told reporters, after unveiling the first look.\"There is no similarity between the two films. Now-a-days if you want to remake a film, you just buy the rights and make the film. So if I wanted to make 'Three Times' I would have bought the rights so it is definitely not like that,\" he said.Citing an example, Kohli, said, \"Like when I made 'Hum Tum' there was a film called 'Before Sunset' that came six months after, and it had the exact opening like my film..where the guy has lost his love and he has released a book and the film starts with the press conference and he talks about the love he has lost and that is how exactly 'Before Sunset' also started.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551459", "title": "Builders lure buyers with new schemes", "text": "MUMBAI: The metropolis may have slipped to the 11th position on the world list of cities having the most expensive office space, but developers continue to adopt various ways to lure buyers.Hubtown (erstwhile Ackruti) developer has launched a scheme which allows a buyer to make a down payment of 40% of the total cost for space in any of its three almost-complete commercial buildings in Andheri and Jogeshwari. The buyer can pay the balance at a rate of 1% interest over the next 60 months. Mantri Group, too, is offering a similar scheme in Goregaon and in other cities.Another leading developer has cut down on lease rates of his under-constructed commercial property at Elphinstone Road and Lower Parel by almost 25%. At BKC and Nariman Point, developers and landlords are waiving deposits up to six months for tenants to refurbish the office while some are bearing property tax on behalf of tenants. \"Doctors, advocates, CAs want to buy space for their clinics or offices but cannot get loans easily.The scheme helps them own the property immediately,\" said managing director at Hubtown Vyomesh Shah who is offering the scheme in his projects, Solaris, Star and Viva, in Andheri.According to Kaustuv Roy, executive director of Cushman and Wakefield: \"Hubtown's proposal is a win-win situation as it will spur up its cash flow, while investor will earn a yield of 10% to 11% that dropped last year.\" In Powai and Andheri, especially in MIDC, commercial office rates range from Rs 13,000 to Rs 18,000 a sq ft.Property consultants say with an oversupply of office space, vacancy rates are expected to peak this year. In Mumbai, 26% of available office space of 50 million sq ft is lying vacant. \"In next two years, 14.8 million sq ft office space will hit the market. But only 4.8 million sq ft will be leased out or bought and so, the commercial office rates will fall,\" said the head of a leading property consultant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "12551022", "title": "Ordnance Factory Bhandara gets BIS certification", "text": "BHANDARA: Ordnance Factory, Bhandara, was recently recommended for certification as per IS 18001:2007 (occupational health and safety management system) by the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS). With the successful implementation of Occupational Health and Safety Management System (OHSMS), OF Bhandara has added another feather in its cap as this unit is first among ammunition and explosive group to obtain OHSMS certification.OHSMS identifies the 'Hazards' with the activities and the measures to bring down the 'risks' to employees and others to the minimum possible level thereby creating the most safe and healthy working conditions. OF Bhandara manufactures wide range of intermediates, explosives and propellants for supply of arms and ammunition to the Army, Navy, Air Force and Police organizations for safeguarding our country.With this OF Bhandara has also successfully unified three management systems into one Integrated Management System where the requirements of Quality, Environmental and Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems are maintained with a single policy, manual, procedure and documents under one roof thereby eliminating duplication of jobs, separate audits and resulting in cost reduction.The feat was possible due to NM Kalanee, general manager and DSS Ganguly, additional general manager and the entire team of the factory, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12555434", "title": "Yahoo CEO's memo to employees", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Yahoo CEO Scott Thompson plans to tell the struggling Internet company's employees more about his turnaround strategy next week. Thompson also sought to boost sagging employee morale in a staff memo Thursday. It came a day after Yahoo began laying off 2,000 workers in the biggest purge in the company's 17-year history.Here's the full text of Yahoo CEO's memo to employees as appeared in Wall Street Journal:From: Scott ThompsonSent: Thursday, April 05, 2012 1:15 PMTo: All Worldwide YahooSubject: time to move forward...Yahoos -This was a tough week. Thank you all for supporting each other through a difficult time.As hard as big changes like this can be, I was encouraged to hear support from so many of you who really understand our need to operate differently. That said, I also know many of you still have a lot of questions about where we're headed and how fast we can get there. I shared a few thoughts in my note earlier this week and you'll hear more at our All Hands next week.We deliberately separated this week's employee action from next week's discussion of our strategy. The reason was simple: we felt it was only fair and respectful to those who are leaving and transitioning to take care of each of them before turning to our future.Starting next week we will begin looking forward and our All Hands is just the beginning. You'll be hearing a lot more from me and other leaders about our comprehensive plans for Yahoo's future. The immediate next step for all of us is to get clear on our goals, and then take action and move.There's a lot to do and that's why I can't stress enough that we all need to focus on getting stuff done. Getting stuff done is short hand for eliminating bureaucracy and barriers so we can all innovate as fast as our customers and the industry require. That's pretty fast.Our users want fun, informative, engaging experiences on all screens that they feel were designed just for them. Advertisers want it to be much easier to work with us and they want measurable ROI on their spending. We can do all that. But we won't win by talking about the opportunity. We'll win by putting our customers first, creating high-quality experiences, and iterating on them quickly. Great user and advertiser experiences are what will ignite excitement around our brand and get us growing again.You'll receive the official invite to our All Hands shortly and we want to know what's on your mind in advance. If you have questions before we meet next week, please check Backyard for information and answers to your questions. If you don't see the answers, please post questions on Backyard, or you can email questions directly to the leadership team.We can do this. We will do this! One thing I've heard repeatedly since I got here is that everyone wants to win again. There is so much passion for Yahoo! - for what it was and for what we all believe it can be. Even after all you've been through, there's a hard core crew of Yahoos who believe in this company and in its ability to thrive. I have seen big turnarounds before, and this company has the foundation, the spirit, the backbone, and the creativity to get it done.Personally, I can't wait to get moving.Scott", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12552095", "title": "Cabinet berth likely to be kept for Alina", "text": "PANAJI: Though chief minister Manohar Parrikar said he will expand the cabinet on Easter Sunday, there is every possibility of him leaving a cabinet berth open for Alina Saldanha, widow of former tourism minister late Matanhy Saldanha.Parrikar, who visited the mines department on Thursday said, \"The swearing in ceremony will be on Sunday and a cabinet meeting is scheduled on Wednesday.\"BJP sources said Parrikar will add six more ministers to his cabinet keeping one berth vacant, which will be filled in by Alina after she is elected MLA. She is expected to contest the byelection to the Cortalim constituency that has fallen vacant following the death of her husband Matanhy Saldanha.Parrikar himself didn't commit on this. \"I have not even thought of it. I have only fixed the date for the cabinet expansion. There is no pressure on me to expand the cabinet but as the governor has charge of other states, I have to fix the cabinet expansion according to his schedule,\" Parrikar said.He added that he has not finalized his new ministers. \"Though the final decision is mine, I have to consult my colleagues and I have not been able to do so. By Saturday I will have finalized the names of the ministers,\" Parrikar said.From P1Sources said that of the six ministers, four will be from BJP. These are likely to be Ramesh Tawadkar, Milind Naik, Dilip Parulekar and Mahadev Naik. MGP MLA Pandurang Dhavalikar and independent MLA Avertano Furtado are the other two likely ministers.Parrikar added he is hopeful of getting the President's assent to the Goa Lokayukta Bill soon. \"I am following it up with the central government. The chief secretary is on the job. In another 15 days we should get the president's assent,\" he said.The Bill has already been cleared by the Union ministries of personnel and training and law and judiciary but the home ministry has raised some queries which are now being followed up by the government.Parrikar also said he has given a free hand to the mines director to act against illegalities in and outside mining departments. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12552480", "title": "Now, three MLAs in jail", "text": "JAIPUR: After the arrest of BJP leader Rajendra Rathore, now three MLAs in the state are behind the bars on criminal charges. Two Congress legislators -- Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi -- are already in jail for their alleged involvement in Bhanwari Devi case.Rathore and Maderna will be together in Jaipur jail, whereas Bishnoi is there at Ajmer jail. Coincidentally, the CBI had shifted Maderna and Bishnoi to the two jails on Wednesday from Jodhpur where the agency was facing problems due to presence of their supporters mainly during trials.The CBI had arrested Maderna and Bishnoi on December 2 and 9 last year. While Rathore is a five-time MLA, Maderna is a second- time MLA and Bishnoi is a first-time MLA. Both Rathore and Maderna are former cabinet ministers and law graduates. Maderna is son of Jat stalwart Parasram Maderna, where as Bishnoi inherited the legacy of his father Ram Singh Bishnoi, a strong Bishnoi community leader from Marwar region.All three are strong community leaders and their arrests are set to have political repercussions in the next assembly polls. Congress was struggling to douse the simmering anger among the Jat community after the arrest of Mahipal Maderna whereas the arrest of Bishnoi also didn't do down well for the party as Bishnoi community is considered a traditional Congress pocketborough.Rathore's arrest is again set to change the caste permutations as the Rajput community is known as his strong supporters although he has been at the loggerheads with a few community leaders including with the Karni Sena, a Rajput community political party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12553337", "title": "Christians gear up for Easter", "text": "LUCKNOW: To commemorate the crucifixion and death of Lord Jesus Christ for salvation of humankind, the Christian community in the city will celebrate Easter on Sunday.The traditional Easter 'Triduum' or three days of the feast began on Thursday which is called as 'Maundy Thursday'. On the occasion, a solemn Holy Eucharist took place at St Joseph's Cathedral Church in which Bishop Gerald John Mathias, the church head washed the feet of 12 men after the example of Lord Jesus who did this act of love and humility before his own crucifixion. This day is also considered as the day of institution of Catholic Priesthood and of the holy Eucharist.On Friday, main ceremonies will be held in the evening hours. The church will be decorated and tableaux of Christ's journey of life till he was crucified will be displayed. A popular Easter tradition, the distribution of colourfully painted Easter eggs will be hidden supposedly by the Easter Bunny. The children are supposed to find these hardboiled and flavoured eggs.On Saturday which is a day of silence, hope and expectation, the burial of Jesus after his death, waiting for his resurrection was done. While the morning is spent in silent prayer, the solemn Easter vigil will be held at 10.30 p.m. in all the churches in the city. There will be divine services in the various city churches on Easter Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12556381", "title": "Two Indians part of 2012 Yale World Fellows", "text": "WASHINGTON: Two Indians are a part of the Yale University's World Fellows for 2012. There are 16 World Fellows chosen for 2012. India alongwith Britain, with 11 fellows each, have had more fellows than any other country since the inception of the programme in 2002.Ayush Chauhan, co-founder and managing director, Quicksand and Ruchi Yadav, senior programme officer, The Hunger Project, are the chosen Indian fellows.The 2012 World Fellows will take part in a specially designed seminar taught by leading Yale faculty; audit any of the 3,000 courses offered at the university; participate in weekly dinners with distinguished guest speakers; receive individualised skill-building training; and meet with US and foreign leaders.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12556234", "title": "Sony launches 3D home theatre projector", "text": "MUMBAI: Sony India launched 4K home theatre projector systems with 3D capabilities and said it plans to sell at least 100 units during the year.\"Our new VPL-VW1000ES 4K home theatre projector will allow viewers to be totally immersed in the experience with the action unfolding before their eyes in a new level of realism,\" Sony India's DGM Professional Solution Division, Munetaka Satoru said.The product employs an entirely new SXRD 4K panel, producing outstanding device contrast and 2,000 ANSI lumens of brightness. When combined with Sony's Iris 3 technology of 1,000,000:1 dynamic contrast, it can produce screen sizes of up to 200 inches diagonally for cinematic viewing in the comforts of a home, an official statement said.A separate workstation which will enable projection of content shot in 4K will be launched and sold separately.\"We have not yet worked out the launch schedule of this workshop. We have yet to decide on which configuration of this workstation has to be launched in India,\" a senior company official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12553578", "title": "Number plate deal struck in former cabinet secretary's office", "text": "LUCKNOW: The decision to award the contract for high security number plates in UP that was struck down by the high court appears to have been taken in the office of former cabinet secretary Shashank Shekhar Singh.On April 3, a Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court annulled the contract awarded to a Mumbai firm of dubious credentials and ordered a CBI probe into the deal. Shimnit Utsch India Pvt Ltd had bagged the contract despite its owner Nitin Gunawat Shah having a criminal past and the company quoting a price that was 320% higher than what most high security registration plate suppliers were charging in other states. This would have resulted in the company pocketing an extra Rs 800 crore from UP vehicle owners.The decision to award the contract to Shimnit India was challenged in court by a rival firm. In its April 3 order, a bench of Justice Devi Prasad Singh and Justice SC Chaurasia observed in para 155: \"At every stage of the proceeding, coupled with cabinet decision and meeting held in the office of the cabinet secretary, there has been deliberate, dishonest and malicious action to award (the) contract in favour of the opposite party No. 3 (Shimnit India).\"For instance, on December 22 last year, the state government sought to renegotiate the rate for the number plates by writing to the company. But ironically, on the same day itself, the then transport commissioner issued a letter of intent saying the contract has been awarded to Shimnit India. Besides this, there are two other instances, the court observed, when hurdles before the company vanished after a meeting in the office of the then cabinet secretary. The court thus observed that the manner in which the contract was awarded was \"malice in law\".The court was informed how Shimnit India's owner Nitin Shah concealed facts about his criminal past involving his association with jailed mafia don Babloo Srivastava and his arrest under Conservation of Foreign Exchanges and Prevention of Smuggling Activities Act ( COFEPOSA), which has now been replaced by Foreign Exchange Management Act ( FEMA ).\"There could not have been a more blatant violation of the law. This case shows how a handful of people made a mockery of the law,\" said Gaurav Bhatia, the counsel for the petitioner who pursued the case.While Shashank Shekhar Singh resigned after the Maya government's defeat, SP seems to have slipped by not taking action against the then transport commissioner. Senior IAS officer Jitendra Kumar was the transport commissioner at the time of the deal and the signing authority for the contract on behalf of the government. While his role in the entire scam is in question, he has been posted as principal secretary, secondary education department. Now this department will handle the purchase and distribution of laptops and tablets to students who pass their high school and intermediate classes, as promised by the SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551492", "title": "Disaster film in 3D avatar swims against the tide", "text": "MUMBAI: Movie re-releases don't work at the box office, however, Titanic seems to be an exception.The Hollywood classic opened with 60% collections when it released in its 3D avatar on Thursday. \"In the case of Titanic, the quality of 3D graphics is outstanding. Moreover, it is a romantic film and hence repeat viewing is higher,\" said Cinemax Cinema CEO Sunil Punjabi.\"On its first day, youngsters have thronged theatres to watch the film. I feel it will sustain itself at the box office,\" he added.The Lion King was re-released in 3D last year, however, it didn't make an impact in India.\"The opening Titanic got is due to the curiosity value. However, Houseful 2 releases on Friday and it will divide moviegoers. Hence, one cannot say anything about how much the movie will make at the box office,\" trade analyst Amod Mehra said.In the past, some old Bollywood films have been re-released in single-screen cinemas across India. \"Mujhe Jeene Do from Sunil Dutt productions was a successful release and it fetched 300% returns. This started a continuous system of re-issue terms by producers. Things fizzled out with a glut of unsuccessful releases,\" said distributor-exhibitor Ramesh Sippy.Out of the old Bollywood classics like Mughal-e-Azam, Naya Daur and Hum Dono only the Dilip Kumar starrer worked with a certain section because of its colour format.\"Old classics haven't worked because the target audience are in the older age bracket,\" Fun Cinemas head Vishal Anand said.Sholay is slated to re-release in the 3D version.'Titanic' opened with 60% collections when it released in its 3D avatar, said a trade analyst.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12552279", "title": "Cricket betting case: 52 mobile phones seized", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Vastrapur police officials investigating a cricket betting case found 52 mobile phones from a residence in Visnagar. Police have started search for three accused in the case.According to police officials, they had arrested Hardik Patel, 26, a resident of Chandlodia, and Rambabu Gupta, 25, a resident of Vastrapur, from NFD circle on Thaltej-Bodakdev Road on February 21. The duo was travelling in a Maruti Swift car and was having a laptop, six mobile phones and three SIM cards. The duo confessed that they were taking bets on Twenty20 match between New Zealand and South Africa being played at New Zealand.\"In their questioning, they had given names of Karan Patel, Sanjay Patel and Sachin Patel, all residents of Visnagar, who were dictating the youngsters about betting rates and how much bets to take. Working on the leads, we got locations of the trio and visited their residence on Wednesday. At that time, we got to know that the trio had information about police raid and had fled from the town,\" said a Vastrapur police official.Police, however, found 52 phones from Karan Patel's residence. \"All the phones with SIM were stuffed in his bedroom. We suspect that the phones were used for betting business and have thus confiscated them and have sent them for forensic investigation. Meanwhile, search for the duo is on,\" said the official.Investigators added that Visnagar is considered to be a major betting centre in Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12552792", "title": "Ramdev to invite Army chief to join June 6 fast", "text": "PATNA: Yoga guru Ramdev will invite Army chief General V K Singh to participate in the 'samuhik upwas' (mass fast) at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi on June 6. The fast has been planned to put pressure on the Centre to bring back black money stashed in tax havens abroad and to also take effective steps, including change in tax rules, to check corruption in the country, Ramdev said here on Thursday.He exuded confidence that Gen Singh, who will retire next month, would attend the fast. Speaking to the dealers and super-dealers of Bihar engaged in the marketing of the entire range of health and edible products owned by him, Ramdev said, \"Before he became Army chief, General Singh had called on me at our ashram. We are known to each other even before he became the Army chief. I will invite him to participate in the June 6 mass fast to be held in Delhi. He will participate in it.\"The Yoga guru also said he has extended invitation to leaders of all political parties. In fact, every body and representatives of every organization fighting against corruption and campaigning against black money are invited to join the fast, he added. As for the flip side, Ramdev revealed that RJD chief and former railway minister Lalu Prasad rang him up in the morning on Thursday, and expressed muffled apology for his previous filibuster against him.Ramdev said Lalu also desired to participate in the fast. Similarly, he explained that his relation with Lok Janshakti Party (LJP) chief Ram Vilas Paswan was cordial, but there could be \"kuchh gadbadi (some bad tuning).\" As Ramdev elaborated, he, on June 6, would make open the well-represented all-India committee that had been set up to steer the countrywide movement focused on the twin programme.Besides, the details of the action programme to start in August would also be announced. \"The June 6 mass fast is symbolic. But from August, it will be a fight to the finish. We have announced 2012 as Kranti Varsh (the year of revolution),\" said the Yoga guru, who had faced police crackdown at Ramlila ground in Delhi in the midnight of June 4 last year.Ramdev said he would not mind if his movement jeopardized the UPA-II at the Centre. He said collecting contributions or donations from 'samarthwan log' (read rich and well-off people) was not unethical and added that CM Nitish Kumar, in fact, had expressed happiness and satisfaction over his peaceful meetings in the state.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi and labour resources minister Janardan Singh Sigriwal were invited as guests of honour on the occasion. Actor and playback singer for Bhojpuri films, Manoj Tiwary, was the local showman who regaled the audience with songs that was to the \"liking of Baba Ramdev\" and his followers. Modi said Ramdev's movement would not fizzle out if it has a mass support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "12554279", "title": "Cheating on the rise in Haryana board exams", "text": "BHIWANI: With the cases of use of unfair means rising 20% this year, it seems helping students appearing in the Haryana school board examinations is like a duty for their kin and teachers. It's abundantly clear that a large number of students, especially in the rural areas, seem to be heavily dependent on the use of unfair means to clear the exams.Despite various measures taken by the education authorities and administration, including imposition of prohibitory orders near the exam centres, the board figures revealed that the tendency of indulging in copying had been growing among the students.As a 25-year-old college-going youth of Chang village of the district revealed to TOI, \"My brother, who is studying in a private school, is average in studies. He made it clear before the start of exams that he would need help from outside in English and Mathematics papers. I have to provide printed and handwritten notes from outside to him in all the papers\".The youth said that most of the cops deployed at the centre hardly bothered to prohibit them as they knew students would not be able to pass the exams without help. Even teachers had been sympathetic towards examinees knowing their poor preparations, he added.The data of Haryana board too revealed that the menace of copying in the school examinations had been going on unchecked. The use of unfair means had grown by 20% this year in comparison to the last year. A total of 2,447 students appearing for the matriculation and senior secondary examinations had been booked for using unfair means in examinations this year. Last year, the figure stood at 1,990. This year around 7.70 lakh students appeared for the school board exams, which concluded on Wednesday, in comparison to 9.20 lakh last year.Board's secretary DK Behera said that the anti-copying flying squads of the board also caught 20 teachers, who were reportedly assisting the students in copying or not had been able to curb the use of unfair means. The errant teachers were relieved of the examination duty.The official added that the reports indicated that rural areas in Bhiwani, Jhajjar, Jind and Sonipat were more notorious for mass copying.However, concerned over the growing menace of copying, educationists feel the need to take drastic measures not only to tighten the noose around the examinees but also to change their attitude.Ramdhari Singh, office-bearer of state teachers union, said that there was a need to change the education system as students found it to be burdensome.Demanding strict action against the teachers, who helped students in copying, he said, \"It has been a general tendency among teachers on duty, especially in the rural areas, to help the students usually under pressure from villagers. This seems to have become a tradition in the villages for which the board must crackdown on them.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12553914", "title": "Hand that puts kohl, also pulls a punch", "text": "CHANDIGARH: They love their kohl, earrings and dresses with fancy prints as much as they love their fight gloves and scars from bloody battles in the cage. \"We wouldn't be in it if we were worried about the broken nose or the black eye,\" says Cherie Buck who is one half competition of the sole women's bout that the Super Fight League will host in Chandigarh on Saturday.The 32-year-old mixed martial artist will be up against the svelte Colleen Schneider and given the kind of roar the women's bout between Lena Ovchynnikova and Sanja Sucevic received at the Mumbai leg, the Buck-Schneider face-off shouldn't be any different.While American Colleen's turning MMA pro was more of a case of natural progression given her traditional martial arts background, Cherie's entry to the sport comes from an untoward incident she faced when she was 20. \"I got jumped by three girls on the streets and it was a pretty scary feeling. I swore to defend myself after that and hit a fighting gym for a beginning,\" recalls the fighter from Gloucester.One thing led to another and confines of fight cage seemed far more comfortable than any place. The sport has become so much of an addiction that Cherie recently gave up her 9 to 5 job in an office and now deals with security services so she can train in the mornings when the gym sees professional fighters training. Colleen works as a personal trainer that lets her mix business with pleasure. She even runs a clothing company along with her boyfriend but unsurprisingly, the garments are more MMA oriented than anything.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12553131", "title": "Foundation stone laid for hospice centre at hospital", "text": "MADURAI: The foundation stone for a hospice centre for terminally ill persons was laid at the Meenakshi Mission Hospital and Research Centre on Thursday by SID L Scruggs III, LCIF chairman.The Lions Club has provided Rs 40 lakh and the hospital is putting in Rs 60 lakh towards this centre, which is expected to be completed in three months.Speaking at the function, founder of the MMHRC Dr N Sethuraman said the hospice was the best way of providing care to terminally ill patients suffering from ailments such as renal failure, AIDS, Alzheimer's disease among others. It is a move to help patients lead their last days with dignity without becoming a burden to their caregivers, who would also be given support in the form of emotional and practical management.It would cater to the needs of patients whose life span was determined to be between one day to a year. Stress would be laid on palliative care to give the patient a painless existence. There would also be various forms of therapy such as musical therapy for patients and their families. The services planned for the centre include home care like nursing and medical care, medical prescription, coaching families on caregiving and grief counselling. Daycare planned between 9.30 am to 5.30 pm will provide light exercises and physiotherapy, singing and music therapy, art and craft sessions, small picnics and even pet therapy.The caregivers in turn will be educated on basic infection control, oral care, personal hygiene, tube feeding, urinary catheter care, transfer of patients, symptoms management, massage, communicating and sharing and also emergency care. Apart from these, the 25-bed centre would have a common prayer hall, garden, indoor and outdoor games, mortuary and ambulance services.UK Ananthapadmanabhan, CEO of Meenakshi Mission Hospital, welcomed. M Nagarajan and G Ramsamy, past international directors and P S Nandakumar, Lions Governor 324-B3 were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nadiad", "code": "12552225", "title": "Dalit groups' creamy layer swamps backward brethren", "text": "NADIAD: For years, a large chunk of 37 lakh Gujaratis belonging to the lowest strata in the scheduled caste community have never found representation in the legislative assembly.Even MLAs elected to the 13 seats reserved for SCs in the state have not bothered to raise issues relating to these communities. These startling details emerged in response to an RTI application filed by Nadiad-based Maulik Shrimali last year.The lowest strata among the SCs in Gujarat comprise communities such as Bava Sadhu, Valmiki, Bhangi, Mahetar, Olagana, Rukhi, Malkana, Halalkhor, Lalbegi, Zadmalli, Garo, Gorada, Nadiya, Matang, Thori, Teergadh, Teerbandha, Dedh Barot, Turi-Barot, Haadhi, Senava, Sedhama, Ravan, and Senma. Shrimali learnt that the state, through a January 2003 resolution, had recognized the communities as \"very backward classes\" among the SCs.The same year, the Bechar Swami Very Backward Class Development Board was formed. Till 2009, the budget of the board did not exceed Rs 6-7 lakh per annum to pay salaries of the five-odd members. In 2010 and 2011, a total of Rs 63 lakh was allocated. \"The board is just a recommendation board and has no powers of executing schemes,\" says the board's RTI reply.\"The Gujarat assembly has the representation of only the creamy layer of the SCs, Vankar and Chamar castes,\" says Shrimali. \"I will join the PIL of O P Shulka which was filed in the Supreme Court in August last. The Gujarat government has been given notices.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12551814", "title": "PMC not to tender sopo collection", "text": "PONDA: Keeping its word, Ponda municipal council (PMC) on Thursday resolved to itself collect sopo tax from the market. Chairperson Rukmi Dangui had hinted at this earlier.Last year PMC had tendered the collection work to a private party and the chairperson had alleged that the party was charging exorbitant rates from vendors. Irked over this, the civic body had not renewed the tender, the chairperson had said.PMC has revised the tax tariff that range in multiples of 5. PMC is currently charging traders as per the old rate of 1, 3 and 5 as the new rates are yet to come into force.The chairperson said there is a procedure to follow before implementing the new tariff, until then traders will be charged as per the old rates.Chief officer Prashant Shirodkar said PMC has deployed six staff members to collect sopo from vendors and that the daily collection is around 15,000. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12553380", "title": "Election Commission wants CBI probe into Jharkhand Rajya Sabha poll, will write to Centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Election Commission has sought a CBI probe into the allegations of buying of votes in the Jharkhand Rajya Sabha elections which had to be countermanded after recovery of Rs 2.15 crore in cash from a relative of an Independent candidate.The EC's move followed the Jharkhand high court on Thursday directing the poll watchdog to get the countermanded RS election probed by a specialized agency.Chief election commissioner S Y Quraishi said it was a landmark judgment which will help curbing election malpractice. Speaking to TOI, he said, \"This has never happened before. We will look at the procedures and write to the concerned Union ministry seeking a CBI probe into the Rajya Sabha polls.\"He warned that the EC will scrap elections in future if such incidents of irregularity were found. \"If they do what they did, we will do what we did,\" said Quraishi.This could spell trouble for the MLAs who allegedly backed Independents for monetary considerations. BJP leader Yashwant Sinha had demanded a CBI inquiry into the allegations and had said that the probe should cover the MLAs who proposed the candidature of Independents.At least six BJP MLAs proposed the nomination of Independent candidate Anshuman Mishra who later had to retire from the fray in a trail of controversy.The allegations and the countermanding of RS polls, the only instance of its kind, have only added to Jharkhand's unenviable reputation as the conduit for entrepreneur-politicians who want to be in the Upper House.The Jharkhand HC dismissed a writ petition filed by state Congress president and an RS candidate Pradeep Balmuchu seeking to quash the EC's decision. Balmuchu had called the countermanding of RS polls unconstitutional and not within EC's jurisdiction.The Jharkhand HC also dismissed a PIL filed by Congress leader Jaishankar Pathak and slapped Rs 1 lakh fine on him. Pathak had said that the EC did not hear the political parties and RS candidates before scrapping the poll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12553194", "title": "Mulayam Singh Yadav faces CBI heat in ayurveda scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: While the CBI is yet to complete its probe into the Rs 5,700 crore NRHM scam, it has suddenly got proactive about a Rs 26 crore ayurveda scam that took place in Uttar Pradesh between 1993 and 1995 when SP president Mulayam Singh Yadav was the chief minister.On March 30, the CBI moved the Supreme Court to prosecute UP's panchayati raj minister Balram Singh Yadav. Significantly, the move coincided with Mulayam's tough posturing and comments that mid-term polls were less than a year away. Balram also happens to be a Mulayam loyalist.\"The question is not what the CBI is up to, but what the Congress is up to. Is it using CBI to tame Mulayam?\" asked a political analyst. Like the NRHM scam, the CBI probe into the ayurveda scam, too, was ordered by the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12552441", "title": "2 more in Chennai test positive for H1N1, Tamil Nadu total rises to 23", "text": "CHENNAI: Two more people, including a six-month-old, tested positive for the H1N1 virus in the city on Thursday taking the number of H1N1 cases to 12 in the last three months. With another four-year-old child also diagnosed with the flu, the total number of affected people in the state has gone up to 23.A 36-year-old man from Thiruvallur, who tested positive late on Wednesday night, is undergoing treatment at a private hospital in the city. The man, who was working as a driver for a family, had been suffering from fever and cough for three days. When antibiotics did not work, the private clinic he visited sent his throat swabs for a test. Officials say the driver did have a travel history, but details were not available. Health officials visited the family he worked for, but they are not showing any symptoms. \"He is responding well to treatment. The symptoms of cough and fever have become milder,\" said an official of the directorate of public health (DPH).The infant who tested positive for H1N1 is being quarantined at home and administered powdered oseltamivir. The oseltamivir syrup that is administered to patients below the age of five continues to be unavailable. \"The tablets are being powdered, reduced in dosage and mixed with water and administered,\" said officials from the health department. Children below five years of age form the high-risk category for the virus.\"The syrup bottles should reach the city by Friday afternoon. We have ordered 1,000 bottles that can treat the same number of people,\" said director of public health R T Porkai Pandian. At least two patients in the city now require the syrup. On Wednesday, officials wanted to administer the syrup to a one-month-old baby who was exposed to his grandmother - she had tested positive for the virus.The corporation's zonal health officers are following up on all the patients and their families. The four-year-old child who tested positive for H1N1 is being treated at the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12552266", "title": "Maha cops in city to trace Ganesha idol", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The trail of robbers, who looted a gold Ganesha idol from the 'Gold Ganesha Temple' in Diveagar in Raigad district, has brought the Maharashtra police to Gujarat.A team of Maharashtra police reached the city on Thursday and met senior city crime branch officials. Sources said, \"Inspector general of police, Raigad range, Paramvir Singh reached the city on Thursday and met special commissioner of police (crime branch) Mohan Jha and deputy commissioner of police Himanshu Shukla to seek their help in solving the robbery case.\"On March 24, a gang of robbers attacked two watchmen of the famous 'Gold Ganesha Temple' in Diveagar. One of the watchmen, Mahadev Ghadasi, 70, was killed in the incident. The robbers got away with an ancient 1.5 kg gold idol of Lord Ganesha which is estimated to be worth Rs 50 lakh.\"The CCTV footage inside the temple has brought us to Gujarat. The video footage showed us that the gang members were speaking Gujarati. We hope to track them down with help of our counterparts in Gujarat,\" said a Maharashtra police official.The daring robbery from the famous temple caused a furore in Maharashtra. All political parties first joined hands to call for a Raigad bandh. Later, the state assembly saw rowdy scenes and had to be adjourned for a number of times over the issue.\"The CCTV footage shows that the gang had carried out a recce right before the robbery. So, we have their pictures, which we matched with robbers who later came to the temple,\" said Maharashtra police.Crime branch officials said, \"We have seen the CCTV footage. We now have a fair idea where to begin the search from. The typical accent of the robbers has helped us zero in on a particular district of Gujarat.\"The officials had called some history-sheeters from the concerned district on Thursday. The cops hope that the history-sheeters will help them identify the men seen in the CCTV footage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12553214", "title": "'T20 is like fast food'", "text": "Kishore Mania's passion for cricket continues to be as strong as it was over four decades ago when he was introduced to the gentleman's game. Though he retired from government service as coach last year, he still devotes all his time to cricket, on and off the field. Regarded by many as the Dronacharya of Odisha cricket, Mania was recently conferred the first Kamal Ganguly Memorial Award for his contribution to the game. Mania shares his thoughts with Minati Singha about his cricketing journey and the present state of the game in the state.Q: When did you start playing cricket and who was your favourite player during those days?A: I started playing cricket in 1966-67. I was in school. I was an all-rounder. My favourite players were Sir Garfield Sobers , Rohan Kanhai, Ian Chappell and Chandu Borde. At that time there were no ODIs, we had only test matches.Q: Why did you choose to be a coach?A: I became a coach by chance. After completing my graduation from BJB College, Bhubaneswar, I went to the National Institute of Sports (NIS), Patiala, to be a cricket player. There a training camp for cricket coaches was going on and I undertook the training and became a coach.Q: How do you compare Odisha cricket then and now?A: After returning to Odisha from Patiala, I joined the state government as its first cricket coach. Cricket in Odisha at that time was limited to club cricket only. We used to organize several camps for both juniors and seniors. Players from Cuttack, Rourkela and Berhampur dominated Odisha cricket. Odisha was in a good position in East Zone. But over the years the standard of the game has deteriorated. Money, politics and power rule the game now.Q: Odisha's performance at the national level in recent years has been discouraging. It has slipped from the Elite group to the Plate group. What are the reasons for this?A: Reasons are many like lack of practice, indiscipline, unfair selection. The team is not playing enough matches as they should. Players are always under stress and pressure. The focus is not on improving skills and technique but glamour and money. Players these days are taking the easy route. Moreover, the game all over the world has changed and become more and more commercial. Odisha cricket suffers because of improper grooming of young talents.Q: What do you think is lacking in young players from the state? Why are they not making it at the national level?A: There is a lack of dedication and indiscipline in most players these days. The love for the game is missing. As I said, youngsters today want everything quick and easy, nobody is willing to wait and work hard for success. Therefore, they are not able to reach the highest level, which is international cricket.Q: The craze for T20 cricket is amazing. How do you look at this latest and shortest version of the game?A: Frankly speaking, I don't like T20 or limited overs cricket at all. These are like fast food. It may be good from the entertainment point of view but it is destroying the basic grammar of cricket. Moreover, this new version which we may call as 'power game' is very much batting-oriented and is not at all good for bowlers. The game will benefit when there is keen contest between batsmen and bowlers, but unfortunately it is not the case. It has become a game of fours and sixes, without caring for technique.Q: Do you think T20 is affecting 50-over contests and test matches?A: Of course it is. Talented and good players cannot show their real skill in this form. This faster version of cricket cannot create good players. T20 is all about entertainment and money. It is high time we stop T20 or perhaps prevent youngsters from participating in that format.Q: After Shiv Sundar Das, Debashis Mohanty and Sanjay Roul no one from Odisha has made it to the national team. Pragyan Ojha has made it, but he is practically a product of Hyderabad. Why is Odisha not producing international players?A: Of course we have talents who have the potential to play in the national team. But they must be selected fairly through proper talent hunt. Selectors don't have enough patience to judge real talent. Besides, Odisha is not playing enough matches to show its potential to national selectors.Q: In the present Odisha team, who do you feel has it in him to go far?A: Players like Biplab Samantray, Nataraj Behera, Paresh Patel and Basant Mohanty are good and talented players.Q: What do you believe the Odisha Cricket Association (OCA) should do to streamline cricket in the state?A: OCA should be more vigilant to maintain proper age grouping. Over-aged players should not be playing in age-group matches. Such things discourage young talents. More and more camps and talent hunts should be conducted to identify talents in rural areas.Q: Do we have enough sporting infrastructure compared to other states?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12556816", "title": "Govt-Army ties at all-time low: Advani", "text": "NEW DELHI: Terming as \"extremely alarming\" the media report of two Army units moving towards Delhi without notifying the Government in January this year, BJP leader L K Advani on Friday said it shows that the government-Army ties are at an all time low and highlights the \"trust deficit\" in establishment circles.\"If one reads the April 4 report thoroughly, and the several follow-up stories published on April 5, one would have to concede that the reports are extremely alarming,\" Advani wrote on his blog.He shared the BJP spokesperson's view that \"Government- Army ties are at an all time low\".\"(it) does highlight how deep is the trust deficit pervading the establishment circles these days,\" Advani said.There was an unusual movement of a mechanised infantry unit from Hisar in Haryana and a sizeable section of 50 Para Brigade from Agra on the night of January 16-17 towards the capital.Advani, however, expressed relief that The Indian Express report itself \"has taken pains to dispel emphatically any sinister meaning being read into the story\".\"It (the report) has said that no one `is using the 'C' word to imply anything other than 'curious',\" Advani wrote on his blog.The BJP leader, however, took the opportunity to lash out at former home minister Buta Singh while reminding a 1989 episode when he tried to call in the Army ahead of dissolving the Lok Sabha after Congress lost the election and Rajiv Gandhi was ousted as prime minister.\"Lt Governor Bhandari may plead innocence. But the then Union home minister Buta Singh cannot. That he did initiate a move to call in the army on the basis of a concocted story becomes evident from the L.G's. own testimony,\" Advani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "12552974", "title": "Veer Kuer Singh University senate last met 15 months ago", "text": "ARA: The Veer Kuer Singh University (VKSU) administration has not convened a single meeting of the university senate for the last 15 months. The last one was convened in January 2011. According to the acting president of the Federation of University Teachers' Associations, Kanhaiya Bahadur Singh, the senate must meet at least once in six months.The university budget should normally be passed by the senate in the month of October so as to be sent to the government which begins its budgetary exercise normally in the month of December, he said. But the VKSU administration neither convened the meeting of the senate nor sent the budget to the government, Singh said and added the worst sufferers were the teachers and employees who were not paid their salaries on time.Senate member Dr Bijay Kumar Singh, who is also the Ara branch president of Indian Medical Association, complained he had been working as a part-time doctor at Ara's Maharaja College for several years and his monthly honorarium of Rs 1,500 had not been paid after September 2009. This despite the fact that the matter was raised several times at the senate meeting by him and other members like Dr Ajay Kumar Singh and Vijayendra Kumar Yadav.\"Every time the senate and the university administration said the college principal would be ordered to release the honorarium. But to no avail,\" he said. VKSU VC Tapan Kumar Shandilya said when he joined as VC, the university was in a state of confusion due to certain reasons, including the fact that the university administration and teachers' association were at loggerheads. \"I have convened the senate meeting on April 28,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12551834", "title": "Three women admitted for suspected swine flu", "text": "NASHIK: Three more patients, suspected to be infected with H1N1 virus, were admitted to Civil Hospital on Thursday. The disease has already claimed the lives of two persons in Nashik this year.A 43-year-old woman from Dindori Road in Panchavati was admitted to the isolation ward of the hospital at 2pm on Thursday. A while later, a 17-year-old girl from Panchavati was also admitted. A 23-year-old woman was brought in later in the day. Doctors attending to the patients said that the status of three women was being constantly monitored and that medication had been started.The 20-year-old woman, who has reportedly cured of the virus, has still not been discharged as she is being treated for chickenpox.Two people from the city have already succumbed to the virus on Tuesday and Wednesday. One patient was discharged from Civil Hospital on Tuesday, while another patient is being treated at Zakir Hussain Hospital.Civil surgeon Dr B D Pawar has appealed to people suffering from flu to take complete bed rest, drink plenty of water, observe good hygiene and avoid going to crowded areas, apart from taking medication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "12554249", "title": "1 school kid dies, 19 hurt in mishap", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: After two months of an accident involving a school bus that left 12 children dead in neighbouring Ambala district, a six-year-old boy died, while 19 other kids were injured when a school van carrying them overturned near Yamunanagar in another road accident on Thursday.The deceased has been identified as Aman, 6, a class II boy, who is a resident of village Taharpur in the district. Another student, Akshay, 10, a resident of Lalheri village, was admitted to the trauma centre of Yamunanagar civil hospital in a critical condition. Eighteen other kids, who received minor injuries were also taken to the hospital and some of them have been discharged.According to information a school van hired by MDVM Senior Secondary School in Ledi town carrying 20 children was involved in the accident when the kids were on their way home.According to eyewitnesses when the school van reached near Ledi Chowk, the driver lost control and rammed a machine installed at a stone crusher. Local residents took the kids to the trauma centre of the Yamunanagar civil hospital, however, Aman died on the way.There was anger among locals in the wake of the accident and parents staged a protest alleging that the administration is not keeping a proper check on school vehicles. The district administration could not calm down the protestors till late on Thursday evening. SHO Pawan Kumar said, \"We have registered a case against the van driver, who fled from the scene after the accident.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "12553826", "title": "Woman accused of 13 murders flees, nabbed in one hour", "text": "TUMKUR: An alleged serial killer, accused of committing 13 murders, gave policemen the slip on Thursday, while they were escorting her to a court. But she was arrested within one hour.Prema, alias Shantha, 39, a native of Theerthahalli in Shimoga district and resident of RT Nagar, is accused of killing 13 women with her nephew, Raghavendra, and Sundaresh as her accomplices. Prema ran a brothel in Bangalore, and the trio identified sex workers and robbed them of their valuables, before killing them. Three of the murders were allegedly committed in Tumkur district. All 13 murders were committed between March 2010 and April 2011.Prema is housed in Central Jail, Parappana Agrahara. On Thursday, Tumkur police brought her for trial to a local court. After the court proceedings, they took her back to the KSRTC bus stand. On Prema's request, her police escorts took her to the toilet in the bus stand. Prema fled the spot, Tumkur SP in-charge Mohan Reddy told TOI.An alert was flashed and all buses heading out of Tumkur were searched. Prema was found travelling in a private bus to Bangalore at Jas Toll gate within one hour, Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12557459", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan to be honoured for polio campaign", "text": "NEW DELHI: Megastar Amitabh Bachchan , who is the goodwill ambassador for Polio UNICEF campaign, will be honoured for his contribution to the cause.The 69-year-old was appointed as the ambassador in 2005 and has since fronted their polio eradication programme successfully.\"And the organisation that acknowledges social work for a cause, will honour yours truly for the work done as UNICEF ambassador for the fight against polio, which as you know has had some rather encouraging achievements,\" Bachchan wrote on his blog.In February, the World Health Organisation (WHO) had taken India off the list of polio endemic countries. The actor is happy to know that there has been no case of polio last year.\"For an entire year there has been no case of polio reported in the country for the first time since the campaign began. That is fantastic for a country plagued with the disease for years,\" he said.\"A gentle pat on the back, if I may. There is more to come, and when it does I shall inform. It is for another cause I have worked on. A most rewarding experience,\" Bachchan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551806", "title": "4 years on, farmers' fight for land continues", "text": "MUMBAI: After fighting for four years against the use of allegedly forged power of attorneys (PoAs) to acquire huge chunks of land for non-agricultural purposes, farmers in Odha and Sayyad Pimpri are yet to get any respite from revenue department officials.While the farmers from Sayyad Pimpri were asked to move court, those from Odha were told that the matter was referred to the district collector.After the issue figured in the Lokshahi Din of the collector, the sub-divisional officer (SDO) forwarded the Odha case to the collector, saying since it had been passed by the additional collector, the office may look into it. In the Sayyad-Pimpri case, the SDO has asked farmers to approach the court for justice.\"The officer, in his March 27 letter, said that the revenue office had no right to inspect the validity of general power of attorney and at the same time, asked the tehsildar to file the site inspection report on the same,\" said Rahul Deshmukh, the lawyer for the farmers.Gangadhar Jadhav of Vikrant Happy Homes had presented PoAs to the additional collector and tehsildar seeking NA permission for huge tracts of land in Odha and Sayyad Pimpri and received permissions in the year 1996 and 1998. respectively.Through the RTI Act, the farmers in 2008 learnt that some of the PoAs were in the names of people who were already dead. Farmers alleged that the non-agriculture permission was passed in favour of Jadhav, who claimed to possess the PoAs of people who owned 14,15,100sq m of land in Odha and 3,28,849sq m in Sayyad Pimpri.\"It is interesting that the collectorate gave the NA permissions long back, the talathis took notice of the same on the 7/12 extract only in 2008. Of the 350 land owners from Odha, 22 were already dead and of the 59 from Sayyad Pimpri, three people were dead at the time of the alleged signing of the PoAs,\" claimed Sachin Rikame of Vinchur Gawli, whose father owns land in Odha.Prashant Jadhav, son of the applicant Gangadhar Jadhav, claimed that there was a court trial and an appeal in the commissionerate, which went in his father's favour. \"Besides the rulings, tank has also been constructed in one of the plots ,\" Jadhav said. However,Ambadas Dhikle, a farmer from Sayyad Pimpri, countered this, saying that the commissionerate has asked the appellants to file a civil suit and that the water tank falls in an undisputed area.The 409 farmers' lawyer also claimed that the revenue office failed to check whether PoAs - first seeking permission for NA and sale and later revised for NA - were correct, despite the town planning department making it amply clear in the letter to the collectorate. \"On issues of title clearance, the department asked Jadhav to file an affidavit on a stamp paper of Rs 20 to own responsibility that may emerge from the issues of claims and objections, instead of following set procedures in the law governing the issue,\" Deshmukh said.Deshmukh added that the applicant failed to level and demarcate the land and inform the tehsildar within one year's time (which is mandatory) and that the site inspection report, filed by circle officer in November 2011, also indicated that the land has not been developed.No respite to farmers on land row at Odha, Sayyad PimpriFighting against allegedly forged Power of Attorney to get the non-agricultural land use purpose on huge chunks of land in Odha and Sayyad Pimpri, the farmers have failed to get any respite for four years from revenue department officials. While the farmers from Sayyad Pimpri have been asked to move the court, those from Odha have been told that the matter had been referred to the district collector.After the issue figured in the Lokshahi Din of the collector, the sub-divisional officer has forwarded the Odha-case to Collector saying since it was passed by the additional collector and hence the office may look into it. Besides, in the Sayyad-Pimpri case the SDO has asked the farmers to knock the doors of the court for justice\"The officer in his March 29 letter has said that the revenue office had no rights to inspect the validity of general power of attorney and at the same time asked the tehsildar to file the site inspection report of the same,\" said Rahul Deshmukh, the lawyer for the farmers.Gangadhar Jadhav of Vikrant Happy Homes, had presented a Power of Attorney (PoA) to additional collector and the tehsildar seeking NA permission for huge chunks of land in Odha and Sayyed Pimpri and received the permissions in the year 1996 and 1998, respectively.\"The PoAs presented were forged and during the Lokshahi Din we had asked the collector to look into the same. After a month's time the sub-divisional officer has forwarded the Odha-case to Collector . At the same time in Sayyad-Pimpri case the SDO has asked the farmers to go to court,\" Deshmukh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "taipei", "code": "12557540", "title": "HTC profit falls 70%", "text": "TAIPEI: HTC Corp, Asia's second-largest smartphone maker, posted its biggest drop in profit since listing a decade ago after sales declined amid competition from Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co.First-quarter net income was NT$4.46 billion ($151 million), the Taoyuan, Taiwan-based company said in a statement on its website, a 70 per cent drop from a year earlier. The average of 17 analysts' estimates compiled by Bloomberg was for profit of NT$4.62 billion.HTC \"dropped the ball\" on new products during the fourth quarter, Chief Financial Officer Winston Yung said in February, pushing inventories higher and prompting the company to forecast a \"transitional\" first quarter.\"HTC's sales growth for 2012 from a low base should exceed those for major competitors Apple and Samsung,\" Dale Gai, who rates the stock equal weight, the equivalent of hold, at Barclays Plc in Taipei, wrote in an April 3 report.Revenue for the quarter dropped 35 per cent to NT$67.8 billion, compared with the NT$71.1 billion average of 22 analysts' estimates compiled by Bloomberg and HTC's own February guidance of NT$65 billion to NT$70 billion.\"We simply dropped the ball on products in the fourth quarter,\" Yung said in a Feb. 6 conference call, where he described the first quarter as a transitional period and forecast a sales decline. \"The form factor could be better and the product design could be better. So we've learned lessons from the fourth quarter products.\"HTC shares climbed 2.8 per cent to close at NT$585 in Taipei, before the announcement. HTC no longer provides shipment numbers, and is scheduled to update second-quarter guidance and discuss first-quarter results in a conference call to be held later this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12553361", "title": "New committee to map no-go areas for miners", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union ministry for environment and forests (MoEF) has constituted a panel that will set new criteria to demarcate no-go areas for mining.The committee has been set up after the group of ministers (GoM) on coal, headed by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee, asked the ministry to reformulate the parameters for no-go areas, though this time it is rechristened as inviolate and pristine forests.The committee, chaired by MoEF secretary, consists of representation from the Forest Survey of India and the Wildlife Institute of India along with other senior forest officers. The committee has been tasked with setting parameters to make good forests out of bounds for extraction for commercial use.The previous exercise to map such areas was undertaken at the behest of Coal India Limited (CIL) and the coal ministry. However, the drive got mired in controversy after the coal ministry, CIL and industry lobbies balked at the concept.The committee is expected to set norms that would measure the biodiversity values of forests, besides considering the typical measure of forest crown cover. With Supreme Court orders and Wildlife Protection Act putting national parks, wildlife sanctuaries and other 'protected areas' off-limits for miners, the committee is expected to set the norms to assess forest patches beyond these zones.Environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan is likely take the GoM's approval on the new norms before demarcation of forest patches are carried out by ministry and its affiliate agencies.But the fate of Mahan and Chhattrasal coal blocks, which have been mentioned in the CAG report, could get decided before the demarcation exercise since the GoM has asked the MoEF to review its decision to bar mining in these areas since they enjoy good forest cover. Mahan is jointly allotted to Hindalco and Essar and Chhattrasal is given to Reliance Power's Sasan Ultra Mega Power Project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12551697", "title": "Painted eggs and bunnies usher in Easter spirit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chocolate bunnies and painted eggs mean just one thing - Easter is round the corner. Marking the end of a traditional 40-day period of fasting, moderation, and discipline, Easter is one of the grandest feasts of the year. Even those who don't observe the festival will find it hard to escape all that the city has to offer this weekend.Bakeries and patisseries are stocked with bunnies and eggs made of different varieties of solid chocolate; restaurants are busy organizing special Easter brunches, and activities like egg decorating and egg hunting for kids are also in full swing.\"We have chocolate and marzipan eggs, and a chocolate house that we can fill with as many eggs as one wants. We have painted on real egg shells and filled them with chocolate. This year, we have also got an order to put small messages inside the chocolate eggs,\" says Sanjiv Obhrai, owner, Chocolatiers - The Chocolate Boutique. Though most of the confections are made using milk chocolate, Obhrai says they have made some dark chocolate ones for corporate companies.At Choko La outlets, there are Easter hampers - milk and white chocolate bunnies, dark chocolate hen, milk and dark chocolate eggs, a brownie, and a chunky slab of marshmallow chocolate. \"We have been keeping Easter-themed products for over two years now, and have always received a good response,\" says Amit Kumar, an employee at a branch.For those who think basic eggs and bunnies are too traditional, there are options for them as well. At all Bagel's Cafe outlets, there are Easter-special rich chocolate cupcakes, a chocolate cake with an Easter nest tucked into it, and bite-sized Belgian chocolate bunny and egg-shaped pops. \"We always come up with seasonal desserts, and special ones during festivals. Easter is a candy-eating holiday, and we know a lot of our guests want more options,\" says Lalita de Goederen, founder and CEO, Bagel's Cafe.Sunday is traditionally a family day, with most restaurants offering brunches booked solid. And on Easter it's no different, with many developing special menus and activities. \"We have typical dishes like honey-glazed ham, hot-cross buns, eggs Benedict and a lavish dessert buffet. For kids, there is egg hunt, egg painting, and photographs with Easter bunny,\" says Hitesh Mongia, food and beverage executive, Olive Beach, adding over half the restaurant is already booked. At Yum Yum Tree, there is an Easter family brunch, with special baskets, themed kids' activities and a huge buffet of festival-inspired dishes.Any festival that's centred on sweets and chocolate has to be a definite favourite with children. Keeping this in mind, Hangout has planned a day of fun for kids. After great footfall at its first Easter party last year, the recreation centre decided to have one this year too. \"We are organizing a furry bunny party, where kids can decorate eggs, egg hunt, take instant photos with the furry bunny, and the menu includes items like bunny-shaped sandwiches and pizzas,\" says Shalini Vij, owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12551954", "title": "81-yr-old dies in Saligao mishap", "text": "PANAJI: An 81-year-old pedestrian was killed in a road accident on April 3 at Saligao.Calangute police said that a motorcyclist rode in a rash and negligent manner while proceeding from Calangute to Old Goa and when he reached Saligao, dashed pedestrian Francis D'Souza alias Frank Teresa from Marod-Saligao, who was standing nearby to cross the road, thereby causing him grievous injuries.He later succumbed to his injuries while undergoing treatment at Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim.In another accident at Agasaim on March 31, police said that Sunil Vishwakarma drove his car in a rash and negligent manner near the old Curca panchayand dashed against a coconut tree, thereby caused grievous injuries to the occupants of his car.Satyabhama Vishwakarma, 8, who was admitted in a critical condition to the GMC intensive care unit on April 4, expired, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12552014", "title": "Illegal autos hurt legal fleet", "text": "KOLKATA: Illegal autos are not only an irritant for the administration, but in these times of high LPG prices, they have turned into a bugbear for the outnumbered , registered autos - and eating into a rapidly shrinking pie.If the number of autos crosses a threshold point, it starts affecting everyone's business margin. This has turned into a major problem for the legal fleet, especially on routes running alongside the Metro alignment. Going by government estimates, there are twice as many illegal autos on the 125 recognised routes in the city.How do illegal autos affect profitability? If only registered autos plied, there would be fewer of them on the road and they can make more trips per day (not to talk of less congestion on the roads). This is the reason why autos break routes on their own or hike prices arbitrarily, particularly on routes where other modes of public transport do not match the demand. Some such routes are Park Circus to Chandni Chowk, Phoolbagan to Karunamoyee, Garia to Tollygunge and Behala to Hazra.Minus the illegal ones, the auto business sounds a profitable proposition. Take for instance, the 5km stretch from Garia to Gol Park. A total of 700 autos ply on this route with each auto getting a maximum of four round trips during peak hours in the morning and evening. A simple calculation based on an average of four passengers going from Garia to Gol Park without change shows that they make a minimum of Rs 216 in peak hour, while he spends the whole day and evening making the remaining four trips to earn the same amount. The income at the end of the day comes to around Rs 432, whereas the cost of LPG is around Rs 265 (at 5kg consumption a day). Add to this the cost of repairs and spares, the daily Rs 3 subscription to the union, the monthly payoff to the police, and payment to the person who maintains the auto line. An auto driver ends up with Rs 150 to Rs 200 at the end of the day.Summer is the peak season for earning. \"Our income is not the same during the rains or even during winter. The Metro and bus fares are also a threat to our business,\" an auto operator on the Garia-Gol Park route said. The margin is higher on routes where the Metro is far away and there are fewer buses. Metro feeder routes are very lucrative. Autos on these short routes make more trips, at times 15 to 20 a day. They also command the fares in the emerging localities.Commuters also have a point. \"When auto unions fixed their own fares, they were based on petrol prices. Later, many of them opted for diesel autos. They got a price advantage. And when they switched to LPG with government support, the advantage was even more. But fares kept on rising,\" said Puranjit Das, a commuter on the Tollygunge-Garia route.The committee is likely to factor in all these inputs while determining the auto fare chart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12553151", "title": "UP government's move is anti-national: UP BJP chief", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bharatiya Janata Party state president Surya Pratap Shahi on Thursday termed the move of the state government planning to release two arrested persons as 'anti-national'.Shahi said that Akhilesh Yadav seems to be following the footsteps of his father Mulayam Singh Yadav and toeing the line of Muslim appeasement in the similar manner.Mulayam had lifted ban on the SIMI endangering public safety and now Akhilesh by showing sympathy for the accused of bomb blast is playing with security concerns of the common man.Most of the decisions taken by the SP government so far, he said are heavily geared to favour Muslims. \"First it announced a religion-based bounty of Rs 30,000 to be distributed among girls passing Class 10th and disqualified girl students hailing from SC, ST or backward class. However, showing generosity to 'ultras' who were found to be possessing lethal arms and RDX and also known for proven connection with extremist outfits is like playing with fire, he said.Shahi cautioned the public, \"to keep its eyes open and resist in time the blatant move to pamper Muslims so that things do not go out of hands .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12553116", "title": "'More research on renewable energy is need of the hour'", "text": "MADURAI: Research and development has an important role to play in increasing the renewable energy capacity in the country, Farooq Abdullah, Union minister for new and renewable energy said on Thursday.A statement issued by the minister was read out at the international conference on 'Renewable Energy and Climate Change - Exploring Opportunities for Sustainable Development' held at the Madurai Kamaraj University, as he was unable to attend. In his statement, Abdullah pointed out the importance of research works in bringing down the cost and improving the efficiency of renewable energy sources.\"India has an installed capacity of 23,000 MW, which is around 12% of the total power generation capacity and contributes over 6% in the electricity mix. The aim is that this contribution be increased to 10% in the next five to seven years through introduction of technological innovations and state-of-the-art technologies,\" the statement said.\"One of the important objectives of Jawaharlal Nehru National Solar Mission, which is implemented at present is to bring cost of solar power generation to grid parity levels where R&D; has an important role to play. Exchange of scientific knowledge and cooperation are crucial to expedite research and development efforts. Several R&D; groups in India and abroad are working towards cost reduction on renewable technologies,\" Abdullah added in his statement.M S Swaminathan, renowned agricultural scientist stressed that renewable energy projects should involve the communities of local areas. \"Green economy with inclusive growth should be the aim and it should not damage the environment,\" he stated. The sustainable growth should consider all the factors like economic, environment and social factors and community involvement is very essential for the success of any project, he stressed.He also suggested forming the ecological zones of Sangam Age such as Kurinji, Mullai, Marudham, Neithal and Palai in the state to study the climate change and mitigation. The adverse effects of the climate change should be anticipated and appropriate planning necessary to face any emergencies and tsunami in 2004 is a great lesson in this regard, he said.Commenting on Kudankulam, Swaminathan said that nuclear energy is a clean energy not affecting the environment. However the project is facing opposition due to the safety concerns among the public. \"A consultative committee involving both scientists and people should be formed in Kudankulam, which should closely monitor the progress. The committee should visit the villages regularly and the community involvement will allay the fears of the people,\" he suggested.\"Community participation will bring lot of traditional wisdom combined with modern science which can be rightly tapped for the growth and developmental projects,\" Swaminathan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12551741", "title": "Mother kills two daughters, self", "text": "NAGPUR: Frustrated by her husband's liquor addiction that made the family go without food, a 41-year-old woman killed her two daughters and ended her own life. Ambubai Mokulwar gave her daughters, 21 and 12, poison in a lime drink and then gulped the same at their Gayatri Nagar residence on Thursday afternoon.Ambubai and husband Shankar had five daughters. The two elder ones Bharti and Jyoti are married and stay with their husbands. The third daughter Kavita (21) also got married just a few months ago but was staying with her husband Dilip at her parents' house. Nutan, 12, was a school dropout and youngest Jamuna is a standard third student.Eight-year-old Jamuna escaped mother's deadly plan as she was outside with her friends. Residents said by the time Jamuna reached home, her mother and sisters were struggling for life. Neighbours said Ambubai might have taken the extreme step because she was fed up of atrocities inflicted by Shankar for money. Husband Shankar did not work while Ambubai ran a roadside artificial rings stall that was sole means of livelihood for the family.\"She would save the money to bring food and he would spend it on alcohol,\" said social worker Devdutta Goswami, who rushed the mother and daughters to GMCH after being informed by residents.Around 12 noon, Ambubai was alone with Nutan when she made the lemon sherbet. Later, Kavita came inside to take some water and the mother also gave her the poisoned drink. The incident came to light when Jamuna knocked on the door but no one responded. Nutan's cries and vomiting sound alerted the neighbours who broke open the door. Ambubai and Kavita were declared brought dead at GMCH while Nutan died soon after.Shankar would often harass and beat up his wife and daughters for money leading to frequent quarrels between couple. Residents informed that on Ambubai's insistence, Shankar had stopped drinking since January but started again during Holi festival. Police said a week ago, Shankar underwent surgery for ulcers but even then didn't stop drinking.Kotwali police said that no one among the remaining family was ready to give statement against Shankar. \"The neighbours told Shankar about his wife's suicide but he was drunk. So far we have registered a case of accidental death,\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12558147", "title": "All is well between Dhanush and Aishwarya", "text": "The actor denies having an affair with 3 costar Shruti Haasan.Dhanush and Shruti Haasan's onscreen pairing in recently release 3 has been getting lot of compliments but it seems his personal life is getting affected by this.According to recent buzz Dhanush's director wife Aishwarya is not so happy with his proximity to Shruti. Dhanush rubbished the rumours though he revealed that the news appearing about his affair is not true. The actor thinks the intense love story of 3 is responsible for it. He assures that all is well between him and Aishwarya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12552041", "title": "Two assistant directors posted in mines dept", "text": "PANAJI: The government has beefed up the mines department by posting two assistant directors to the department on Thursday.The two officers are Raju Gauns, chief officer of the Bicholim municipal council and Parag Nagarcenkar, under-secretary, revenue department. Besides discharging their duties as assistant mines directors, Gauns and Nagarcenkar will hold additional charges of their existing posts.Besides, the government has also transferred Narayan Navti, joint chief electoral officer, and posted him as additional collector, South Goa. Navti will continue to hold charge as the joint chief electoral officer, Altinho, Panaji. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12551751", "title": "Metro work to derail traffic", "text": "NEW DELHI: Brace for major traffic snarls on Ring Road, ITO and Mathura Road for the next two years. With Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) planning to start work on several Metro stations simultaneously, important traffic intersections like ITO, Delhi Gate, Mandi House and Bhagwan Dass Road are expected to be severely affected. Meanwhile, Metro work along Ring Road will influence traffic movement at Bhikaji Cama Place, Naraina, Rajouri Garden, Punjabi Bagh, Prem Bari Pul and Ashok Vihar intersections, says traffic police.DMRC has submitted its re-worked traffic diversion plan for work on the ITO Metro station to the traffic police for approval. The plan envisages major diversions on Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg during the construction period. Said a senior DMRC official, \"A presentation on the plan was made to the traffic police. They have asked for more information before they take a decision.\" Cops have asked for line drawings of the plan as well as Delhi Metro's phase-wise plans for the project, said the source.While one carriageway of Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg will be closed from the ITO intersection to the post office while going towards Delhi Gate, the opposite carriageway will be marginally affected, with about half the lane used for Metro work. \"We are studying the traffic implications of the plan. DMRC has already implemented some of our suggestions and both carriageways of Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg will not be closed. A decision is expected by the end of the month,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic), Satyendra Garg.Traffic officials said that the ITO crossing is one of the most difficult traffic intersections in the city. Snarls are expected on the stretch for the next two years despite arrangements.Diversions, which are expected to come into effect soon, will redirect traffic coming from Connaught Place or Indraprastha Marg towards Deen Dayal Upadhyay Marg, Vishnu Digamber Marg and then to Kotla Marg before it merges with Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg. Traffic coming from Delhi Gate will be steered to a widened left carriageway (when moving towards ITO), instead of being diverted to the service lane, as had been proposed earlier. DMRC is also planning to provide a parking space for the area.A part of the service lane - near Peareylal Bhawan - will be appropriated by Delhi Metro. Sources said that 30m of the service lane, starting from the point where the lane joins the main road, will be merged with the carriageway to make the road 9m wide. Sources said that the 9m carriageway would be a three-lane road, and should prove sufficient for the oncoming traffic. \"We will provide marshals and proper signage all along the road,\" added the Delhi Metro source.The traffic diversion plan will also provide parking islands for commuters. However, Delhi Metro plans to turn Kotla Marg into a no-parking zone.During the construction of the Metro station at Delhi Gate, vehicles heading to LNJP Hospital from Bahadurshah Zafar Marg will no longer be able to use the left slip road. The entire carriageway from ITO towards Delhi Gate will shift to the right and not be straight anymore. As a result, the left turn will become signalized and carriage width will reduce slightly.At the same time, DMRC is expected to carry out drainage work on one carriageway of Bhagwan Dass Road. The left hand carriageway from Tilak Marg to Mandi House roundabout will be closed for two months.At Mandi House, the carriageway on the roundabout will remain intact and all the arms of the roundabout will be functional except one of the carriageways on Bhagwan Dass Road.Traffic movement is expected to become heavy all around ITO as all the Metro stations will be constructed almost simultaneously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551642", "title": "Mumbai varsity\u2019s troubles get political twist", "text": "MUMBAI: What started as a troublesome exam season for thousands of Mumbai University students is turning into a free-for-all political match. The rivalry between the Thackerays and Ranes got murkier as their sons, Aditya and Nitesh, launched verbal wars against each other over the TYBCom re-exam issue and vice-chancellor Rajan Welukar.Welukar refuted rumours of his resignation on television channels on Thursday. \"There have been many positive developments in one-and-a-half years (ever since he became V-C),\" he told a channel, and added that there was no pressure to step down. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan stated that higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope would take a final call. Tope claimed that the focus was more on strengthening the varsity's support system by filling up senior positions. \"We are looking at technology for efficient and smooth functioning of the university,\" he said.Welukar spent two hours at Dyaneshwari, Malabar Hill, where the Ranes reside, on Wednesday, first meeting Nitesh and then his father, Narayan. Nitesh said the V-C spoke about a plot at Sindhudurg for the university's model college and practical solutions for avoiding a re-exam. \"He is politically isolated. Right from day one, we have been supporting him. Unlike the Yuva Sena, we have been seeking a viable solution, like grace marks to students, instead of a re-exam. We will extend full support to the V-C,\" said Nitesh. He alleged that Yuva Sena members were seeking his resignation as he did not bow to some of their demands.Aditya, who is the Yuva Sena president, Shiv Sena MP Sanjay Raut and varsity senate members on Thursday met governor K Sankaranarayanan at Raj Bhavan and handed over a list of problems faced by students in the last few days. He iterated his demand for Welukar's resignation at the meeting. He said, \"Yes, I had demanded smooth conduct of examinations and that students must not be inconvenienced. The V-C could not fulfill my demands.\"He added, \"A political party needs to work for student- or youth-related issues. We want development and not politics on the campus. Those who have not worked for the youth don't have the right to say anything on university issues,\" said Aditya, taking a jibe at Nitesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12552053", "title": "Cops step up efforts in Russian molestation case", "text": "MARGAO: While the two Russian tourists who were allegedly molested late Tuesday night have returned to Russia, the Colva police took down their statement and have stepped up their efforts in terms of patrolling the coastal belt and tracking down leads.It may be recalled that according to a complaint filed by Arvind Kumar Sharma , a native of New Delhi late Tuesday night, three unkown persons came on a motorcycle assaulted him and further assaulted and molested the two Russian tourists and robbed their gold ornaments and cash worth $1,200.The two Russian tourists in their sworn statements confirmed that the incident (molestation) took place at 10.40pm on Tuesday night when they were walking to their guest house and that they were first assaulted by fist blows.Goa State Women's Commission (GSWC) chairperson Ezilda Sapeco on Thursday submitted a written request to Colva PI Devendra Gaad demanding a detailed report into the incident and that patrolling of the coastal belt be doubled. When TOI contacted Sapeco, she said that she also spoke to Gaad and that she also asked for records of all the cases of molestation against women for the last 6 months.The Colva police have registered a case of molestation against unknown persons and offences under section 354, 324 and 392 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12552366", "title": "Dara began career as driver of liquor businessman", "text": "JAIPUR: Dara Singh, a small time liquor smuggler whose encounter case has tuned into a major catastrophe for a prominent politician and some high-profile cops started off his career being a driver of liquor businessman named Vijendra Singh alias Telia in 2001.At that time there were two rival groups of liquor businessman one belonging to Sumer Singh Fagedia and the other headed by Virendra Singh Nyangali in Churu. Sumer Singh was shot to death by Virenda Nyangali in 2002 after being abducted from a court in Rajgarh. Virendra Nyangali was in turn killed in February 10, 2009. Dara Singh himself was killed in an alleged fake encounter by the Rajasthan police's special operations group (SOG) on October 23, 2006.Cases of attempt to murder, murder, kidnap were registered over the period of time against Dara Singh. After murder of Sumer Singh, Telia became of the head of his group with Dara his close associate.As per the CBI chargesheet, Virendra Nyangali group had the patronage of former minister and BJP leader Rajendra Singh Rathore. Over the period of time, Dara became so bold that he started calling Rathore and threatened to kill him unless the politician doesn't stop bothering him, the CBI chargesheet says.This started an animosity between Rathore and Dara following which he was killed in a fake encounter, the CBI chargesheet adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12552922", "title": "Locals heckle officials over mid-day meal irregularities", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chaos prevailed at a school in Dumduma area here on Thursday following alleged irregularity in the mid-day meal scheme for students. Irate locals heckled local corporator for allegedly working hand-in-glove with some school authorities to siphon funds and raw cooking material. They also accused the school of not serving meals regularly to students.Trouble started when the district inspector (DI) of schools, Bhubaneswar, along with some other government employees reached the Dumduma (phase-1) nodal upper primary school to investigate into the allegations relating to illegal storage of rice outside the school premises.As the DI Sumanta Sahoo was returning after completing his investigation, the locals booed him and demanded stringent action against the accused. Local corporator (ward no. 60) Kartik Sundaray bore the brunt while trying to placate the people.\"We suspected that the investigating officials were trying to shield the accused. So we insisted the DI to give us written assurance. But the corporator chipped in and let go of the DI. Now we suspect the role of the corporator,\" Sanjib Kumar Das, a local resident told media persons.\"I was just trying to stop the mob from insulting the DI. But they heckled me. I am not involved in any irregularity,\" Sundaray countered.DI Sahoo said: \"The school had flouted the rule and stored rice outside the school. We will take action against the accused.\"Headmaster Nityanand Das said that he was forced to store the rice outside due to space crunch in the school. \"It was the unanimous decision of the school committee. There is no irregularity in the MDM implementation,\" Das said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12552725", "title": "Lokayukta caught two officials taking bribe", "text": "INDORE: Special Establishment Police (Lokayukta), Ujjain claimed to have caught two government officials red-handed when they were accepting bribe in Shajapur and Mandsaur towns on Thursday.The Lokayukta officials caught Devendra Sharma, a sub-engineer with the PWD at Shajapur when he was taking a bribe of Rs 10,000 and Kamal Kishore Mandola, an accountant with Sitaman Nagar panchayat in Mandsaur when he was taking the bribe of Rs 2,000. Lokayukta SP Arun Mishra said Sharma was caught taking the bribe from Vijay Pandey, a contractor. The PWD was supposed to release a bill of Rs 7 lakh of Pandey and Devendra Sharma was demanding the bribe in return for the work.After the contractor lodged a complaint, the Lokayukta team laid a trap to catch Sharma red-handed.Another team of the Lokayukta caught Mandola who was demanding money from a retired government official Tiwari, said the SP. He said Tiwari needed to get his arrears according to the sixth pay commission and Mandola was asking bribe for the same. Tiwari lodged a complaint with the Lokayukta after which the team laid a trap and caught him.Both the accused have been booked under the relevant sections of Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12553073", "title": "BJP to launch protests against water cuts", "text": "PUNE: The city unit of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Thursday announced a series of agitations against the water cuts imposed by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).Speaking to reporters, BJP Rajya Sabha MP Prakash Javadekar and city unit chief Vikas Mathkari said that the party will launch an agitation from Monday.\"Water cuts in Pune are nothing but a conspiracy of the ruling party to divert the city's water quota for sugarcane farming in Baramati, Indapur and Daund areas, where Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Congress leaders own sugar mills,\" said the BJP leaders.\"The NCP leaders accuse citizens of using excess water. But they have been ruling Pune since the last five years. What steps has the party and its leaders taken to stop water theft and leakages? Instead of taking proactive measures, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and NCP city leaders are blaming the citizens, and also misleading them,\" said Mathkari. He added that the BJP will agitate on the roads, in the PMC and even in the state legislature to demand sufficient drinking water for the city.Mathkari alleged that NCP city unit chief and MP Vandana Chavan convened a meeting of PMC officials to discuss water issues, but no opposition party leaders were taken into confidence. \"Even at a meeting called by the state government in Mumbai, no opposition leader was present. The NCP's authoritarian style of functioning is anti-democracy,\" he said.Meanwhile, Shiv Sena has demanded that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan convene a meeting to discuss the city's water crisis. \"Chavan is in Pune to discuss water problems in the rural parts of the district. He should spare some time and also discuss the city's water problem,\" said Sena leader Sham Deshpande.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12552773", "title": "\u2018TMC trying to wipe out opposition\u2019", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Mamta Banerjee-led Trinamool Congress rule has drawn flak from the CPM.Speaking to the media on the sidelines of the party congress CPM politburo member and opposition leader Surya Kant Mishra said even the TMC and Congress workers are not spared from the 'attack of hooligans close to the chief minister'.He said the infightings in TMC is so high that one of the ministers in Mamta's cabinet resigned to protest against the autocratic ways of government functioning.\"Recently a block panchayat president of the ruling party was killed. But the police have not arrested the culprits so far,\" he said.According to Mishra, such is the scale of violence in the state that the INTUC president Sanjeev Reddy had written a letter the Prime Minister.He wrote that the trade union's offices and men are being attacked by the TMC. None of these offices were ever vandalized during the 34-year-long Left rule, said Mishra.He said around 400 panchayats in West Bengal ruled by the Left Fronts have been taken over by TMC.\"The TMC men would torture the panchayat members and force them to resign. Then they would pack the local bodies with their men,\" Mishra said.Recently a block panchayat president of the ruling party was killed. But the police have not arrested the culprits so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12551996", "title": "CNG drilling stopped in Bay of Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal will have to wait longer to replace auto LPG with a cheaper green fuel.After exploring the possibility of mining natural gas from the continental shelf in the Bay of Bengal, about 120 km south of Haldia, for nearly 10 years, GAIL India Ltd relinquished the project. The Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM) has now recommended the gas block to a Chennai-based company. It is still not known when this company will start exploration at the site.While the commercial rate for compressed natural gas (CNG) in Delhi is Rs 35.40 per kg and Rs 39.80 per kg in Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad, auto LPG sells for Rs 53.05 per kg in Kolkata. When the concept of green fuel came up, it was realized that the prospect of supplying CNG to Bengal via pipeline from the country's west coast would be unviable.There was hope when GAIL announced in 2005 that it has started drilling in a 'highly prospective gas block' in offshore Bay of Bengal along with its Russian consortium partner Gazprom. Extensive study of seismic data by international experts revealed the possibility of tapping multi trillion cubic feet of gas from the zone (known as Block 26).According to sources, the block is nearly 10,425 square km and the water depth ranges from 40 to 150 metres. It was estimated that prospective oil and gas horizons depth would extend to 6,500 metres. Gazprom's subsidiary ZAO Gazprom zarubezhneftegaz got involved in what experts called a 'geologically challenging' task and in June 2010, drilled the third prospecting well. According to officials, the company met its obligations to GAIL by drilling the third well but the latter didn't seem too interested in continuing with the project.GAIL officials in Delhi confirmed that the state-run company has 'officially relinquished' the project. Experts, however, said that this decision may not have been governed by the possibility of tapping gas or oil from the block. It may have been a policy decision to withdraw.\"Had it been decided that there is no viability in prospecting gas at Block 26, IBM wouldn't have recommended it while allotting 26 mineral bearing offshore blocks in the Bay of Bengal in 2011. The company has six blocks in the Bay of Bengal where it can start exploration. Even if the company starts exploration at Block 26 soon and finally decides to tap gas from there, the possibility of piping CNG to Haldia and the rest of the state will take a few more years,\" an expert said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12551994", "title": "\u2018Ex-servicemen must go from local bodies\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Andaman &amp; Nicobar Islands Civil Service (DANICS) association has written to the Prime Minister demanding that retired defence services personnel serving on different posts in Delhi Development Authority (DDA) and Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) should be replaced by officers from their cadre. The letter, a copy of which is with TOI, states that deployment of ex-servicemen in the civic body was adversely affecting their service condition.According to the officers' association, while the services of DANICS are utilized for governance and administration in the centrally governed territories and the remote islands, their services are not being adequately utilized in the centrally governed local and development bodies like DDA, MCD and NDMC.The letter claims that a lobby of retired defence service personnel has been trying to amend the recruitment rules (RRs) of various posts like deputy commissioner, additional commissioner in MCD and in DDA.\"After trifurcation of MCD, the elections of these municipal bodies are underway and are scheduled to be completed by April 17. We apprehend that the lobby of these retired defence service personnel will attempt to get amendment to the RRs to occupy these posts permanently which will affect the DANICS cadre,\" it says.The DANICS officers' association sent the letter to the PMO on April 2. Sources said that they have again written to the Union home minister P Chidambaram seeking appointment to discuss the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12551786", "title": "Now, marine life gets CoP boost", "text": "PANAJI: Alarmed at the tremendous increase in barge traffic and other vessels in the inland waters of Goa and the consequent pollution hazard, the ports department has issued new guidelines to barges and other boats to curb pollution to the marine environment.In a circular issued under the inland vessels (amendment) Act, 2007, the captain of ports James Braganza has directed owners of barges and other inland water vessels to implement the new guidelines on three counts; collection and segregation of garbage, installation of sewage treatment plant or sewage holding tanks and fitment of oily water separator or bilge water holding tank.Braganza wrote, \"The tremendous increase in barge traffic and other inland vessels density in the inland waters will pose pollution hazard to the marine environment. The pollution of rivers Mandovi and Zuari by garbage, oily water and sewage has been our major concern and has forced us to revolutionize the inland vessels with environmental policies.\"Garbage is to be sorted out in various categories like paper, wood, oily waste, plastics and food waste and then landed ashore. A garbage record book is to be maintained and made available to surveyors of the ports department whenever required.Secondly, vessels have been directed to install sewage treatment plant or a sewage holding tank. The collected sewage is to be landed ashore and a log book is also to be maintained.Besides, the vessel-owners have also been directed to fit oily water separator or bilge water holding tank to their vessels. An oily water separator equipment will enable pumping of engine room bilge water overboard through a filtering equipment. If a holding tank is fitted, its contents can be pumped to reception facility. Oil record book is to be maintained and produced to ports officials on demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12552560", "title": "Ernakulam-Kakkanad boat service by year-end", "text": "KOCHI: The district administration is gearing up to start the Ernakulam-Kakkanad boat service by the end of the year. The service from Marine Drive would help reduce the hassles of commuters travelling to and from Kakkanad, district collector P I Sheik Pareeth said on Thursday.Pareeth said the district administration had submitted the project report for administrative approval.\"The project report prepared by Kitco has been submitted to the state-level committee for approval and we expect to get sanction by the end of April. The government has given assurance that the project will be included in this year's plan fund,\" he said.\"Once it gets final approval, the Rs 12-crore waterway project will be implemented with the help of the irrigation department. We are currently planning to utilize the river management funds. For this, we need administrative sanction from the state government,\" Pareeth said.According to the proposed plan, the boat will start from the boat jetty at Marine Drive and navigate through Chambakkara canal and Kadambrayar lake before ending the journey near the proposed SmartCity site and Infopark. Once implemented, it will become a pollution-free mode of transport, available at a reasonable rate.The Ernakulam-Kakkanad boat service has been started by the district administration as part of the Ernakulam-Nedumbassery waterway. Ten years ago, the authorities had introduced a boat service on the same route on a trial basis, but later withdrew it. Once the project takes off, the authorities are planning to revive the old boat jetties on the route.\"Since many agencies including GIDA ( Goshree Island Development Authority) and Kochi corporation are planning to introduce boat services, it will be easy for us to start and run this service. AA project to connect all canals in the city through waterway is also on the anvil,\" the collector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12553929", "title": "Golf club polls: RTI info spoils babus\u2019 smooth run", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The controversy over IAS officers needing permission to contest elections to clubs gathered steam as the Union ministry of personnel, grievances and pensions has disclosed that none of the Punjab officers who held the post of Chandigarh Golf Club president in recent years had been granted permission.This was disclosed in an RTI query put to the ministry by city resident Brig (retd) Sukhdev Singh. The ministry has in its reply stated that IAS officers Gurinderjit Sandhu, D S Bains and R S Sandhu did not have the requisite permission under the Rule 13 of the All India Service (Conduct) Rules, 1968.It is learnt that Brig Sukhdev has sent in written complaints citing the RTI reply to the Punjab governor and other senior functionaries of the state and central governments. The exception was senior Punjab IAS officer H I S Grewal had sought permission of the Union ministry to contest the golf club polls in 2011 and he had been granted permission with the imposition of strict conditions, though Grewal had later withdrawn from the polls.In a related development, it is learnt that one of the candidates contesting the golf club elections for the post of president has put in a written complaint to the chairman of the club's standing committee and the returning officer citing the lack of permission on the part of senior IAS officer Gurinderjit Sandhu, who is seeking a fifth term as president. It is learnt that Sandhu has not attached any permission letter from the ministry with the nomination papers filed on Wednesday.The complaint also cites the condition imposed by the ministry in the permission granted to Grewal last year that the officer will not hold office as president for more than four years or one term, whichever is less.Since Sandhu has been president for four terms of one year each, the last condition has raked up controversy over whether service rules allow Sandhu to stand for a fifth term. However, the bureaucrats' lobby argues that the condition does not bind Sandhu to one term and it only stipulates the requirement of seeking permission every time elections are contested.When contacted, Sandhu said \"The matter was between him and his employer (the government) and that the only condition under Golf Club rules is that a presidential candidate must be a permanent member of five years' standing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12552340", "title": "Amid criminals, domestic violence victims jostle for space in court", "text": "CHENNAI: In the small enclosure outside the crowded metropolitan magistrate court in Egmore, there are all sorts of people together - women fighting cases of domestic violence, people charged for offences like robbery, prostitution and murder.Being clubbed with petty criminals creates undue trauma for those like J Shanti, 43 - who has walked out of an abusive marriage and is struggling to survive. This litigation process, advocates say, could be made a lot easier on women if there were special courts to handle cases under the Protection of Women from Domestic Violence Act, 2005.\"It affects them psychologically to share space with criminals. It makes them feel they are branded the same way. These women are highly vulnerable when they come to court. Since their husbands are respondents in the case and have to make an appearance in the same court, I have seen it drives the wedge between the couple further. A special court can be constituted to handle such cases from across the city. It will make the experience more comfortable for women pursuing litigation,\" says advocate and Madras High Court Advocates' Association treasurer R Sudha.A recommendation could be made from the office of the Chief Justice to the government to facilitate this, she adds.Litigants agree that it will help. Says Shanti, \"I endured 10 years of abuse before I gathered courage to walk out on my husband in January. My daughters are still with him. I now live in a hostel in Royapettah. I had a privileged upbringing and never had to work. I am compelled to look for a job today. I found a position as a stores manager in a boutique but my leg was injured because my husband used to beat me and so, I could not stand for long hours. I have quit now. In such a state, if I have to put up with waiting among murderers and prostitutes in court, I feel almost suicidal.\"Advocate D Bhaskaran says police cases are always called before those of domestic violence, which means petitioners have to wait with criminals until their case comes up before the judge. Another litigant said family members were also affected. \"It is hard for aged women to see their daughters lined up along with criminals. Young girls often feel discomfited by the men around them. Children pick up bad manners and words from the crowd. It feels awful to have to stand with so many accused persons. It makes you feel as if getting married is itself a criminal offence,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12552064", "title": "'Retro' Ambedkar goes, will be replaced by bust", "text": "MAPUSA: Two years after it was installed in Mapusa, the statue of Babasaheb Ambedkar that didn't bear a likeness to the father of the Indian Constitution was taken down on Thursday to make way for a bust.\"The statue didn't resemble Ambedkar and installing a statue full of defects was a mockery,\" Akhil Gomantak Harijan Samaj Sanghatan (AGHSS) president Manohar Virnodkar said.AGHSS and the Republican Party of India ( RPI) had expressed dissatisfaction over the statue, alleging that it was small and the visage didn't resemble Ambedkar. Citizens had also found fault with other aspects. \"The index finger of the right hand was pointing straight skyward, instead of being curved, as in statues elsewhere,\" a AGHSS member said.The Ambedkar utsav committee of the Mapusa municipal council had proposed that the statue be replaced, and this was approved on Wednesday.MMC chairperson Sudhir Kandolkar said, \"A new bust of Babasaheb Ambedkar will be put up before April 14, 2012, Ambedkar's birth anniversary.\"The old statue was purchased from an artist from Pandharpur in Maharashtra. The municipality has approached the same artist again and requested him to provide them with a new bust. The deal is that the municipality has to exchange the old statue and pay 25,000 additional to the artist for new bust. When contacted, the chairperson didn't know the cost of the old statue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12553171", "title": "Moist winds bring down city's temperature", "text": "LUCKNOW: Cloudy skies and gusty winds brought down temperatures in the state capital on Thursday, bringing relief from the hot conditions prevailing for last few days. Light rains were also reported from some places in the east UP. The weatherman said that weather will be normal again by Friday afternoon.People in Lucknow woke up to cloudy skies and cool breeze. It brought down the maximum temperature during the day to 35.2 degrees Celsius, which was two degrees below normal and a drop of four degrees in comparison to Wednesday. The minimum temperature, however, was 20 degrees Celsius, a degree above normal. Moisture laden winds late in the night made climate pleasant.State Met director JP Gupta said that an upper air cyclonic circulation over east UP and adjoining Madhya Pradesh is responsible for the change in the weather. He said that the excessive heat during last few days is responsible for creation of the cyclonic circulation, which led to cloudy conditions and rains at few places in east UP. The circulation, he added, is expected to fizzle out by Friday.According to reports, some east UP districts including Varanasi also received rains. Thunder squalls were also reported from isolated places. The change in weather brought down temperatures in east UP where mercury had crossed 40-degree mark at some places. Varanasi recorded 36.4 degrees Celsius maximum temperature, while Kanpur recorded a high of 35.3 degrees Celsius and Allahabad 34.1 degrees Celsius.The Met department predicted dust/thunder storms at isolated places over east UP. It also predicted possibilities of light rain/thundershowers in some places in eastern region and Bundelkhand. The maximum temperatures will remain below normal for next 24 hours. Thereafter, the weather will be normal again. The districts in west UP will generally remain dry with high temperatures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12552299", "title": "Man run over by car in Chandkheda", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 45-year-old man was killed after he was run over by a speeding car on Chandkheda-Gandhinagar highway on Thursday morning. Police found the car's number and launched the manhunt for the driver who absconded after the accident.Police identified the victim as Hasmukh Khatri, a resident of Chainpur. The incident occurred when Khatri was going to his workplace at Balaji Agora Mall on Chandkheda-Gandhinagar highway on Thursday morning on his bicycle when he was hit by the car. After the accident, the car driver did not stop and instead zoomed off in direction of SG Highway.\"Passers-by who witnessed the incident, however, had noted down the registration number of the vehicle and called the police. We rushed Khatri to a nearby hospital where he succumbed to injuries. We contacted RTO to identify the registration number of the car and came to know that the vehicle belonged to a resident of Bopal,\" said a Chandkheda police official. The officer refused to divulge the name of the car's owner citing secrecy of investigation.He added that the manhunt had been launched against the absconding driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12552391", "title": "Swine flu: Four samples tested negative", "text": "BHOPAL: The samples from four patients in the city that were sent for swine flu test on Monday tested negative. The test reports were issued by the regional medical and research laboratory ( RMRL), Jabalpur on Thursday.All the suspects were children under 5 years of age. Three patients were admitted to the Hamidia Hospital and one in a private hospital all suffering from pneumonia.After the outbreak of swine flu in Pune, the city has reported a lone swine flu death on March 28. Health officials suggest the cases are likely to drop as summer has set in. However, hospitals are still being told to be vigilant and report suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12552205", "title": "On morning walk, IT official hit by car", "text": "NOIDA: In what seems to be a case of hit and run, an income tax commissioner and two young women were seriously injured on early Wednesday morning when they were knocked down by an unidentified vehicle.According to the police, the incident occurred around 6am near gate number 2 of the Noida Stadium. The IT commissioner, 46-year-old Ramesh Chandra, was on his daily morning walk, while the two women, Ashita Joshi (23) and Pratibha Nair (24) were on their way to an Art of Living yoga session in the stadium along with another friend Deepika, who escaped unhurt.Doctors at Kailash Hospital, where the three victims are currently admitted, said that Chandra has suffered traumatic head injuries with multiple contusions and is being monitored in the Neuro Intensive Care Unit. Ashita is in the trauma ICU with serious head injuries and internal bleeding and Pratibha has sustained serious injuries to her pelvic area, besides multiple abrasions across her body.While the police is yet to identify the vehicle that allegedly hit the trio, one of the victims told TOI that it was probably a red Scorpio car that hit them from behind. A case, however, is yet to be registered in the matter because of two reasons - the cops are yet to ascertain whose jurisdiction the case comes under and the victims or their family members are yet to come forward and register a formal complaint.Chandra's family members said that he followed a daily routine of going to the stadium for his morning walk. \"He left his sector 12 residence around 5.40am and must have been on his way to the stadium when the accident occurred. The doctors say that he does not remember anything,\" said Chandra's brother-in-law.Doctors said Chandra has suffered a \"brain haemorrhage and though his condition is stable, he will be kept under observation for the next 72 hours.\"\"Ashita, Deepika and I share a paying guest accommodation in sector 12. Chandra was walking around five metres behind us. Suddenly, a red car hit him and then the three of us from behind before fleeing the spot. I went rolling down the road for a few metres till I hit a rock,\" said Pratibha. \"Deepika, who escaped with minor injuries, came running to me. I gave her my laptop and told her to go to the PG and inform others. We then hailed a car whose driver rushed the three of us to the hospital,\" she added.\"While I could not see the car, Deepika says that it was probably a red Scorpio with a Himachal Pradesh number plate,\" Pratibha added. Pratibha, who hails from Punjab, works as a fashion designer in sector 4. Deepika is an IT professional while Ashita, who hails from Uttarakhand, is a final year MCA student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12553363", "title": "Compensation eludes 'custody torture' victim's kin", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The family of Pradip Majhi of Gajapati's Londangia village, who allegedly died in police custody about two years ago, has not received compensation from the government despite an Orissa High Court order.The court had directed the home department to pay compensation of Rs 4 lakh to the next of kin of the deceased within four weeks of passing the order. The high court had passed the order on July 6, 2011 while hearing a writ petition filed by his wife, Mera Majhi, and father Andisha Majhi.The duo has sent a legal notice to the secretary, home department, Gajapati collector and SP seeking compensation with simple bank interest. \"I, on behalf of my clients sent a legal notice to the authorities concerned for immediate payment of the amount after the government failed to provide it even after nine months of the high court direction,\" said Upendra Nayak, a senior advocate.\"We have already moved the government for early payment of the compensation,\" said SP (Gajapati) Sarthak Sarangi. He said the district administration has paid Rs one lakh from the District Red Cross Fund to the family members of the deceased immediately after Majhi's death.Police picked up Majhi and three others from their village on December 24, 2010 suspecting them to be Maoists. He died two days after at the SOG camp in Paralakhemundi and post-mortem was conducted at MKCG Medical College and Hospital here.Police said Pradip had tried to commit suicide, while he was lodged in a separate room for interrogation and he died while being taken to MKCG Medical College and Hospital, Berhampur. But his father said that his son (30) had died in police custody. He moved the high court demanding Rs 30 lakh compensation and a government job to a member of the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12552334", "title": "Jabalpur MP claims to have informed Antony on Tatra trucks", "text": "BHOPAL: Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP) MP from Jabalpur Rakesh Singh said that he had informed defence minister AK Antony that cheaper and better quality trucks were being produced in Jabalpur and there was no need to purchase the Tatra vehicles at double the price.Singh alleged that on May 12, 2008, he had written to Antony that 6x6 trucks were being made in a factory in Jabapur, and cost only Rs30 lakh. He had questioned that if this was the case, why were Tatra trucks which are 4x4s were being purchased for Rs65 lakh.He also presented the letter to media persons.\"On May 30, 2008, the defence minister had replied and assured me that there would be an inquiry into the matter. However, he did not do that. Later, even after becoming the defence minister a second time, he did not order an inquiry,\" alleged the Jabalpur MP.The BJP MP also stated that the Tatra scam was worth Rs 3,000 crore. He demanded that the defence minister should have been dismissed as he had not taken any action on the issue.However, Singh did not answer as to why he had come up with the letter so late and did not raise the issue inside Parliament.Jabalpur is over 350 km from state capital Bhopal . The city is the army headquarters of five states (Madhya Pradesh, Chattisgarh, Orissa, Bihar and Jharkhand) and one sixth of its area is occupied by the Indian Army. IANS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12552326", "title": "Thank God, it\u2019s Good Friday", "text": "CHENNAI: Across Chennai, churches of various denominations have announced their schedule of services for Good Friday, the day to commemorate the crucifixion of Jesus Christ. Traditionally, it's the day of fasting and prayer, but less formally, within homes, there are other little traditions being followed to commemorate the day.In Mylapore, Joseph Pramod Benjamin and his extended family of more than 20 people will be chanting a special prayer that has been handed down for generations. \"It's just a four-line prayer but every member of the family has a photocopy of it, kept in the prayer book. We believe that if we recite the prayer 33 times on Good Friday, whatever we are wishing for will come true,\" says Pramod, an art teacher. \"I don't know if it works but I remember saying the prayer fervently all through my school days, hoping to pass some tough exams. Now, I see my cousins do the same,\" he says.Friday is a long day on the road for Joseph Xavier and his extended family of 12. The family gets into two cars at 8am and goes from church to church. They start at Santhome, head to Luz Church, St Teresa church in Nungambakkam, Loyola College, a church in Egmore, St Thomas Mount, then to Velankanni church in Besant Nagar, and finally to a church in Palavakkam. \"It's evening by the time we are finished, but though we are tired having fasted all day, it's a good feeling,\" says Xavier. \"It's time spent with the family.\"While Easter is the day of feasting, Good Friday too has certain food traditions associated with breaking the fast. At Harry MacLure's house, every Good Friday, his wife makes a special semi-watery kanji to be eaten with a coconut chutney, though the more elaborate food is on the menu for Easter. \"This is the traditional Good Friday meal with which we break the day's fast at 3pm,\" says the 52-year-old editor of Anglos In The Wind, an international magazine for Anglo-Indians.Evelyn Chandrasekharan, who lives in Little Mount, will be up in the morning, getting her keerai thani chaar ready for the 3pm breaking of the fast. \"It's a preparation of bitter greens with a little rice water and coconut milk. It symbolises the bitter water that Jesus had to drink before his crucifixion,\" she says. At night, there's a little feasting, she says with a smile. \"For some reason our family has been making pooris and potato ever since I can remember, almost like a mini feast before Easter. It's like a reward to us for fasting through the day,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12553109", "title": "48-year-old woman dies of swine flu", "text": "PUNE: A 48-year-old woman from Ganeshnagar died of swine flu in the city on Thursday, taking the death toll in Pune district to 12 since March 14. With this, the state's death tally has gone up to 14, including two swine flu casualties reported in Nashik in the last two days.Meanwhile, 12 more people - 10 from Pune and two from Pimpri-Chinchwad - tested positive for swine flu infection on March 5.Anjana Shetty was in the isolation intensive care unit of the Jehangir hospital since March 26. \"Shetty was diagnosed with uncontrolled diabetes during the course of treatment. She had tested positive for swine flu on March 30. She succumbed to the infection at 2.30 am on April 5,\" said a medical officer of the Pune Municipal Corporation.Shetty developed symptoms like cough and fever from March 23. She initially consulted a neighbourhood general practitioner. However, her condition worsened and she developed breathlessness. She was admitted to Jehangir hospital on March 26. Her condition further deteriorated, following which she was taken on ventilator support from March 29.Her throat swab, sent for testing to the National Institute of Virology on March 28, returned positive on March 30. \"This is the eighth swine flu death in the PMC limits since March 14,\" the medical officer said.The number of infected people has gone up to 289 in the PMC limits since March, said health official of the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "portland", "code": "12555739", "title": "BlackBerry-maker loses more senior execs", "text": "PORTLAND: Research In Motion Ltd said two executives, including Senior Vice President Alan Brenner, are departing as the maker of the BlackBerry smartphone considers strategic options that include a sale of the company.Brenner, senior vice president of the BlackBerry platform, will depart after a transition period, and Alistair Mitchell, a vice president for the BlackBerry instant-messaging service, has already left, Tenille Kennedy, a spokeswoman for Waterloo, Ontario-based RIM, wrote in an emailed statement.Chief Executive Officer Thorsten Heins said last week that the company is weighing shifts ranging from licensing its BlackBerry software to an outright sale after recording its fifth straight quarterly sales shortfall. RIM is refocusing on business customers and scaling back an emphasis on consumers after failing to keep legions of users from shifting to Apple Inc iPhones and devices that sport Google Inc's Android.Jim Balsillie, RIM's former co-CEO, resigned from the board and two other executives departed as part of the overhaul. The Waterloo, Ontario-based company said also it will discontinue giving financial forecasts.Plunging US sales have left RIM's share of the global smartphone market at 8.2 per cent in the fourth quarter, down from 14 per cent a year earlier, according to research firm IDC. Apple's share in that period rose to 24 per cent from 16 per cent.RIM was unchanged at $12.67 yesterday at the New York close. The shares have fallen 77 per cent in the past year. Heins, CEO since January, said on March 29 that a sale would be considered. Still, it's not the \"main direction\" for RIM's strategic review, he said. The company is also weighing whether to set up joint ventures.Plunging salesWhile former CEOs Balsillie and Mike Lazaridis , who both stepped down in January, had assured investors the latest iteration of its smartphone would deliver a revival, BlackBerry 7 devices with better Web browsing and touch-screen navigation failed to do so after going on sale last year. Total sales last quarter tumbled 25 per cent from a year earlier as US revenue plunged 57 per cent, RIM said last week.US government agencies, oilfield-services provider Halliburton Co and banks like Standard Chartered Plc have either stopped issuing BlackBerrys or let employees use their own iPhones and Android devices in the past 18 months.The Wall Street Journal previously reported the departures of Brenner and Mitchell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12553049", "title": "Jagjivan Ram\u2019s birth anniversary celebrated", "text": "PATNA: Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi on Thursday said that the state government in its budget for fiscal 2012-13 has increased by two and half times the allocation for schedule caste (SC) and schedule tribe (ST) welfare department to Rs 839.94 crore.This is 16 per cent of the total budget size, he said while speaking at Babu Jagjivan Ram Jayanti Samaroh organized under auspices of the organization, Babuji Ke Log. He said that the state government is making the scholarship distribution system free of corruption for the benefit of the SCs, STs and extremely backward youths. Modi said that the government is committed to provide three decimal of land to each family of landless mahadalits.He said that Jagjivan had made all efforts for uplift of Dalits. He garlanded the portrait of Jagjivan. Presiding the function, former Union minister Sanjay Paswan hailed the state government's efforts for development of the Dalit and Mahadalit people.The Ravidas Vikas Manch also celebrated the birth anniversary of Jagjivan remembering him as a great statesman and freedom fighter. Speaking on the occasion, Ashok Prabhakar, recounted Jagjivan's role as defence minister during Indo-Pak war and liberation of Bangladesh. The BPCC organized a function at Sadaqat Ashram and paid tributes to former deputy prime minister and former Congress president Jagjivan Ram. The party celebrated the occasion as Samata Diwas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12553038", "title": "NGO Shashwat nominated for UNDP award", "text": "PUNE: Shashwat an NGO based in Ambegaon in Pune district, has been chosen for the 'Equator Prize 2012,' of the United Nations Development Program (UNDP), for its work on local development solutions for people, nature and resilient communities.The NGO will receive the US$ 5,000 award to be presented in the 2012 United Nations conference on sustainable development in Brazil, to be held on June 20 to 22. The Equator Prize is awarded to recognise outstanding community efforts to reduce poverty through conservation of biodiversity.Kusum Karnik and Anand Kapoor from Shashwat have been working with tribals in the catchment area of the Dimbhe dam, which submerged eleven villages and destroyed cropland in another 13 since 1981. The NGO was registered in 1996.Kapoor told TOI that the organisation helps the local community to develop small-scale fishing activities in the dam reservoir and the locals are supported to obtain fishing leases, boats and nets. \"The locals have banned dynamite fishing to ensure fish stocks are replenished. Dynamite fishing is a practice of using explosives to kill fish for easy collection. The banning of this practice has helped increase the fish size and number, thereby enhancing their income too,\" he said.The technical guidance is given by the Central Institute of Fisheries Education and state government's fisheries department while the National Fisheries Development Board have supported the initiative.The NGO has provided 165 farmers with light-weight pumps and pipelines for crop irrigation with partnership from the local government. This has led to improvement in agricultural production. The tribal farmers have been supported to cultivate small paddy terraces on steep slopes in the local catchment area.Kapoor said, \"Initially, when we started work here there was no approach road. There were just 25-30 people who were into fishing and caught fish in their small nets. We organised the fishing community and now there is a good stock of fish. Land development on steep slopes has also been taken up in 38 villages.\"The organisation also runs nine pre-primary centres, a residential primary school for school dropouts and runs a health programme that serves women and children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12552302", "title": "It's a no-win situation for BJP", "text": "JAIPUR: The BJP is in a state of dilemma about its stand on the party chief whip in the assembly, Rajendra Singh Rathore, who was on Thursday taken in custody by the CBI for his alleged role in the 2006 Dara Singh encounter case.As the Supreme Court had asked the CBI to file the final report in the case and clarify its stand about role of Rathore, arrest of the BJP leader was imminent for quite some time. The CBI in its previous chargesheet had mentioned about several statements including that of Dara family in which they had accused Rathore of being the key conspirator in the case. The agency had also mentioned about witnesses confirming Dara had once threatened to kill Rathore, who could have conspired with the police to eliminate the liquor mafia.Rathore had in the recent past met a few CBI officials and apprised them about the facts to prove his \"innocence.\" Dara was a liquor mafia leader active in the Shekhawati region and it was alleged that his rivals were patronized by Rathore, who was the state PWD minister in Raje government when the encounter took place.Former chief minister Vasundhara Raje , had been trying hard to make it a national issue and was in regular touch with the top party leaders to convince them about \"innocence\" of Rathore. Even during party's national executive meeting in Lucknow this year, state leaders raised the issue. However, party top brass preferred to maintain a distance and asked the state leadership to take it up the way they wanted as party was fighting several battles against the Congress at national level and they didn't want to dilute larger issues they had taken up.\"Rathore issue was discussed with party president Nitin Gadkari and all party leaders agreed that the CBI was playing a partisan role. However, the national leaders asked state leadership to fight on their own as it could boomerang on the party in case they took it up nationally,\" said a senior BJP leader, who was present during the meeting.Even the state leaders are in a fix about taking a strong stand against the CBI and term the arrest as sponsored by the Congress. According to the party sources, the legal team has suggested the party leaders to fight the case on technical ground and not to politicize too much as it could cost dearly to Rathore. The party leaders fear that too much of noise will help the CBI seek transfer of the case trial to some other state which will further dampen Rathore's chances in the case.Insiders claimed that Rathore had rubbed many party leaders wrong way and there was a veiled sense of delight in a section of the BJP rank and file as absence of Rathore from the forefront will allow the other leaders grab the limelight. \"The crowd you saw at the BJP headquarters in Jaipur on Thursday was largely to impress Raje. Otherwise, committed supporters of Rathore are scarce,\" said a senior BJP leader.A few party sources said that the RSS was also not in support of launching a full-fledged campaign in favour of Rathore thanks to his controversial background right from his student politics phase. Moreover, Rathore is known for his proximity to Raje and the Sangh leaders were averse to make it a party issue as Congress maintained a stoic silence when its two MLAs - Malkhan Singh Bishnoi and Mahipal Maderna - were taken in custody and are incarcerated on charges of conspiring to kill nurse Bhanwari Devi. \"The party was advised to consolidate the defence by hiring legal luminaries and fight the case in court of law than making it a public issue,\" said a BJP leader.The party think-tank also considered the possibility of Jat vote-bank polarization in favour of Congress in case the saffron brigade launched an aggressive campaign. Rathore's arch rivals from Shekhawati, mainly the Jat leaders, played the most instrumental role in his arrest and they will once again play the caste card to elicit anti-BJP mood among the Jat voters. This could come to a great help for the Congress that has suffered major dents in the recent past thanks to the arrest of Mahipal Maderna in Bhanwari Devi murder case.Rathore is a Rajput leader and has been an eyesore for politicians in Shekhawati, a region dominated by Jat community. The BJP insiders said that the party will only stick to \"anti-CBI\" stand and question only \"merits\" in the case. Moreover, party will take up other political issues too aiming to highlight as how Congress was sowing seeds of caste animosity for political gains.Legal luminaries among the BJP top leadership -Ravi Shankar Prasad and Arun Jaitely - have reportedly assured the state leaders to continue helping Rathore and his family to strengthen the defence in the court. However, the above two leaders too will confine their help to their professional expertise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12552909", "title": "Train tracking system on trial to check mishaps", "text": "PATNA: The railways is likely to launch a real time train tracking system (TTS) via Google maps. The TTS can be accessed through mobile devices as well as personal computers (PCs). The Centre for Railway Information System (CRIS) has developed a GPS-based solution with the help of the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) which could provide exact location of a train.According to a Railway Board official, the GPS device which will cost about Rs 70,000 to Rs 1 lakh each would be fitted in about 100 trains on a trial basis. The greatest advantage of the device would be prevention of any collision or mishaps on tracks as it would give details about train movement to the nearest railway control room, he said, adding the railways intends to implement it successfully by 2013 end across the country.Under the new system, passengers can easily know exact location of trains as the CRIS is working to integrate the GPS application with Google maps. Besides, ISRO's INSAT-3C satellite would also provide assistance in locating train position, a Board official said, adding success of the GPS-based system could also help the railways in running high speed trains.According to sources, the railways had earlier introduced the 'real train information system' ( RTIS) in the first phase. It was based on the satellite imaging for rail navigation. However, it proved that information being transmitted under this system about train movement was not correct, sources said.Thus, the railways has decided to launch the new system to fulfill the needs of passengers across the country. \"Much would depend on the success and efficacy of the new device which is being taken up under a pilot project of the railways,\" a Board official said, adding the new system is completely based on ultra high frequency (UHF) communication system.According to sources, the Indian Army, has of late, shifted to this device to keep a close vigil on the Navy warship and Coast Guard vessels in the country to get accurate information about movement of ships in the sea. Besides, the new system has been adopted in other wings of the Army to assist Navy's submarines, torpedoes, ground-based vehicles, ships and aircraft under any emergency, sources said.According to East Central Railway (ECR) CPRO Neeraj Ambastha, the new technology would prove to be a boon for the railways during foggy weather condition. The Delhi-Patna-Howrah mainline route is the most vulnerable during winter as visibility becomes zero due to dense fog. Besides, passengers would get the exact information about train movement, particularly long-distance mail and express trains, during foggy weather condition, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12552583", "title": "Revised service tax: Passengers told to pay during check-in", "text": "CHENNAI: International travellers have been forced to shell out additional money as service tax before check-in at the Chennai airport during the last few days.The government hiked service tax on tickets with effect from April 1, but foreign airlines and passengers are in a fix as there is no clarity on whether the tax should be collected on tickets issued in March for travel in April or for tickets sold from April 1. Emirates airlines and Oman Air started collecting the difference in service tax on tickets sold in March through travel agents for travel in April. Gulf Air also collected the difference in tax but stopped it on Thursday. Singapore Airlines , Lufthansa and others have decided to wait for a few more days.An Oman Air circular informed airport managers that service tax at 4.944% would be levied on base fare and the difference in tax from the previous rate should be collected from passengers at check-in for tickets booked on or after March 16.An official spokesperson of emirates said that the tax was collected as per an instruction from the government order and the airline fully abided by the rules and regulations of the markets in which it operated. Many passengers are surprised. \"Passengers may not carry much cash at check-in. Some convert Indian currency into the currency of the country of their destination before check-in. Many passengers are forced to run around to get cash to pay the service tax before boarding. Passengers are forced to pay 250-500 per ticket depending on the value of base fare,\" said a a passenger.Air Passenger Association of India president D Sudhakara Reddy said they had been getting calls from passengers about tax being collected at check-in. \"Service tax should be levied only on a service sold. It is not clear if airlines have been told to collect tax with retrospective effect,\" he added. The Travel Agents Federation of India (TAFI) has informed all agents that Air India has been advised to collect increased service tax on all tickets issued by agents on or after March 1 for travel on or after April 1. As agents have already sold the tickets and cannot recover the money, TAFI intimated airlines to collect the difference from passengers directly. An AI spokesperson said, \"We will be collecting the revised service tax on tickets booked from April 1.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12553308", "title": "Army troop movement: General VK Singh lashes out at \u2018absolutely stupid\u2019 report", "text": "NEW DELHI: Army chief General VK Singh on Thursday dismissed as \"absolutely stupid\" a newspaper report that the \"unusual\" movement of a mechanized infantry unit and elements of a Para Brigade towards Delhi in mid-January had \"spooked\" the government.Gen Singh said \"some people were unnecessarily trying to throw muck\" at both the government and the Army. \"Such people should be taken to task,\" he said during his ongoing three-day visit to Kathmandu.The report on Tuesday had said that government got unnerved over the movement of Army units as it interpreted them as a show of solidarity for the Army chief, who at that time was engaged in a legal battle for the revision of his date of birth.In a dramatic twist, extracts of General Singh's interview to a weekly on March 13 had established that he was apprehensive of an effort to portray routine exercise by Army units as unusually sinister. \"So, you tell him (a journalist) something juicy, it comes on front page and nobody even checks whether there is any truth in it. It is already done. So, you have already thrown muck on somebody. There are lots of people who are doing that and I don't know what their motives are,\" the Army chief had told the weekly, in what his supporters termed as an alert against machinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12551792", "title": "Workshop on radiation oncology", "text": "NASHIK: The Association of Radiation Oncology of India, Maharashtra has organised a two day workshop on the current status of new radiation system and its availability, starting April 6. The workshop in Nashik has been organised on the sidelines of the annual meeting of the state level association of radiation oncology.The workshop has been organised in the bid to update the knowledge of its members in the field of radiation oncology, considering that in the past few years, new technologies have evolved in the speciality of radiology. The new technology was available only in Mumbai and Pune, however, over the past few years the new system in radiation oncology has reached cities like Nashik, Aurangabad and Amravati.The two-day event at Hotel Express Inn will see a gathering of experts in radiation therapy from across Maharashtra. The workshop will be inaugurated at 2 pm by the chief of the Radiation Department of Tata Memorial Hospital, Dr SK Srivastav, chairman of Curie Manavta Cancer Centre Dr Raj Nagarkar, president of Association of Radiation Oncology of India, Maharashtra, Dr BC Goswami, and president of Indian Medical Association, Nashik, Dr Nivedita Pawar.The workshop will see presence of experts in radiation treatment experts from Tata Memorial Hospital, Hinduja Hospital, Jaslok Hospital, Reliance Hospital, Ruby Hall and Mangeshkar Hospital of Pune, Cancer Centre at Nagpur and experts from Nashik, Aurangabad, Amravati, Akola and Solapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "12554267", "title": "Two educated youths held for chain-snatching bid", "text": "HISAR: Police on Thursday arrested two well-educated youths for making an attempt to snatch a golden chain from a woman ASI on a pistol-point on Sunday.The accused had to run away leaving their motorcycle behind when ASI Mewa Rani fought back and kicked them.The main accused, Anil Kumar, 26, is a graduate and holding two professional degrees while his accomplish, Manoj Kumar is a science graduate.During police interrogation, Anil Kumar reportedly said, \"My wife is suffering from illness. After our love marriage both sides of our parents decided not accept our relation, I have one child, hence I need money for treatment of my wife.\"\"We are investigating the source of pistol. However, Manoj had claimed that it was a toy pistol,'' said Harish Bharadwaj, a spokesman of the police department.On the other hand, Mewa Rani said, \"We get special training to cope with such situations that's why I fought back with the miscreants even though they had a pistol.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12551073", "title": "Gokulpeth traders attack civic chief", "text": "NAGPUR: Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal and his team had a miraculous escape on Thursday when stones were pelted at Nagpur Municipal Corporation's anti-encroachment team by about 50 shop-owners from Gokulpeth market.The shopkeepers claimed civic chief had abused the traders and slapped Gokulpeth Vyapari Sangh president Pramod Agrawal. As part of its ongoing drive against encroachers, the anti-encroachment squad led by Jaiswal on Thursday reached Gokulpeth market, where encroachers had not only extended their shops up to footpath but also were obstructing traffic on the road.Initially, the squad received support from shopkeepers. The squad also removed at least 125 encroachments from roads and footpaths, seizing four truckloads of material and 60 pushcarts. The squad also demolished extension of shops in the busy market area.\"When the squad reached Laxmi Bhuvan Square, a few shopkeepers including Pramod Agrawal and Manoj Sahu tried to prevent the squad from doing its work,\" claimed superintendent of anti-encroachment squad (NMC) M V Ninawe. Jaiswal and senior police inspector in-charge of Ambazari police station N D Ingle asked them not to intervene and appealed for their support to ease congestion on footpath and road.A few shopkeepers tried to abuse the commissioner and soon around 50 of them, members of Gokulpeth Vyapari Sangh, joined Agrawal. They started raising slogans against Jaiswal and also tried to attack him. As temperatures rose Jaiswal left the spot.The traders had a different version. Manoj Sahu, shop-owner at Gokulpeth, said, \"We asked whether the extension of a shop up to road divider will be considered encroachment.\" This angered the civic chief who not only abused Agrawal, but also slapped him, he added. Agrawal, along with other shopkeepers, went to Ambazari police station to lodge a complaint against Jaiswal for slapping him. He claimed that Ambazari police instead detained him and other shopkeepers for almost three hours. Despite repeated attempts and SMSes, Jaiswal was not available for comment.The civic body and city police have jointly launched a drive to remove encroachments in various parts of the city after directives of high court. The NMC also declared many stretches and commercial areas 'zero tolerance zone' for encroachments and regular drives are being conducted to oust people who do business from pavements and roads on these congested roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12552434", "title": "Despite shortcomings, self help groups preferred over Microfinance Institutions", "text": "JAIPUR: As experts are increasingly getting disenchanted with Microfinance Institutions, there is a conviction to find a solution around SHG model, whose people-centric architecture promises a blue-print for success.However, with much of the frustration being directed at the banks for the declining trajectory in credit flow to the self help groups (SHGs) in the state, it was no surprise that the bankers were the easy targets at the 6th Colloquium on MicroFinance &amp; Livelihoods interactive session on Thursday.Credit-linkage to SHGs still remains a major issue falling continuously from 10% in FY08 to 9% in FY09 and 8% in FY10. What is holding back credit flow to this segment of the population, who are at the centre of financial inclusion drive, is the challenges of reach, repayment capabilities of groups, lack of credible documentation of members.\"Banks have to abide by the certain Know-Your-Customer norms and the issues of not having a ration card or identity card should be addressed at the village, block or district levels, which would facilitate the SHGs in getting bank loans,\" said Ajay Kumar , chairman and managing director of Corporation Bank while replying to a woman member of a SHG from Dholpur, who has been waiting to get a loan for past two years.Multiple issues of such nature, often falling beyond the control of the banks, have reined in the pace of credit-linkage to SHGs in Rajasthan which received only 1.5% of the total credit of Rs 14,500 crore disbursed to the segment in the country.Even though the SHG movement in the state is two-decade old, it has gathered some critical mass only in recent years.\"Now, the movement is picking up pace in Rajasthan as well and we are likely to have 6.3 lakh SHGs in five years. Currently, there are 2.60 lakh SHGs operating in the state,\" said S K Mitra, executive director, NABARD.The absence of market-linkage has also discouraged many SHGs as small livelihood ventures became unviable to continue.Dinesh Singh, a programme manager at Disha Foundation said that empowering people with skills and tying up resources have no meaning if the products cannot be sold in the market. Singh cited examples of how women groups involved in rosary making had to fold in their livelihood activities as they failed to find access to market.Some of the groups faced the same fate as their bee keeping and beetle cultivation found no takers.In the face of such failed initiatives, banks with an elevated level of non-performing assets (NPAs) also develop cold feet for lending. Although they admit that they have a social obligation, they are wary of adding new NPAs to their books, even though repayments by SHGs fare relatively better compared to other priority sectors.\"The Self Help Promoting Institution (SHPI) model announced by the Union government looks promising as it puts the onus on the anchor NGO to collect repayments from SHGs,\" said J K Dubey, general manager, SBBJ.The Central government has identified 30 backward districts for the SHPI projects with Barmer being one of them.With almost 50% of the people remaining out of the banking system, the Union government has rolled out close to a dozen of schemes for financial inclusion.Tough there is unanimity that the coming together of multiple agencies will be required to achieve the goal, they also believe that it will take time to evolve a right model for empowerment and development of people in far-flung rural areas.SHGs - social &amp; institutional parametersMembership: 87% from backward communitiesPurpose: Savings - 89%, availing credit - 51%71% SHGs followed monthly meeting58% groups had attendance more than 90%85% groups have defined group management norms62% groups have and maintain complete set of recordsAverage fund of SHGs: Rs 25,214(72% SHGs have less than Rs 25000 as group fund)49% SHGs practice internal lendingLoan utilization (% of members)Enhancing livelihood: 34%Household needs: 23%Social occasions: 12%Medical reason: 9%Savings bank a/c: 90% SHGs26.6% SHGs credit linked by banks54.9% SHGs availed less than Rs 50,000 loansssRepayment from members to group28% SHGs have more than 90% repayment rate:54% SHGs have less than 70% repayment on timeSource: Study by Centre for microfinance, Jaipur", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "12554213", "title": "Student falls off three-wheeler, dies", "text": "SANGRUR: A 10-year-old school student died in Moonak town on Thursday when he fell from a moving autorickshaw. Harpal Singh studied in Class IV at Navdeep Public School.Harpal was on his way to school on Thursday in the overloaded three-wheeler, when he slipped and fell and his head hit on the road. Before the driver, Darshan Singh , could react; the rear wheels of the vehicle ran over the child. Harpal succumbed to his injuries at the civil hospital.School owner Nikhal Kumar said the autorickshaw was arranged after the parents requested. Moonak SHO Raj Kumar said the boy died to negligence and the matter was being investigated.Sangrur SSP Harcharan Singh Bhullar described the accident to be \"unfortunate\" and said cops do keep an eye over traffic violations. The driver was charged with death due to negligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12552730", "title": "Paper bag workshop concludes in city", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A paper bag making workshop jointly organized by the Gandhian Study Centre, Kerala Youth Welfare Board and Swadeshi Grama Vikasana Kendra concluded here at the Gandhi Bhavan here on Wednesday.The three day workshop drew scores of people from all over the city. A six member faculty from the Gandhian Study Center taught the participants to make more than five varieties of paper bags. \"There are many varieties like cloth bags, grey bags, puff bags, chart-paper bags, fancy bags,\" said J M Rahim, coordinator of Gandhian Study Centre.\"I came here on an impulse but felt the workshop was really productive, especially after I saw a lot of paper bag samples at the exhibition made by women from previous batches,\" said B Hima from Thittamangalam.The paper bags made at the workshop were bought by The Swadeshi Grama Vikasana Kendra. \"So far KTDC, fashion institute, NIMS and several homeopathic clinics have placed orders with us,\" said A R Shafeeq, director of Swadeshi Grama Vikasana Kendra. \"We are embarking on a statewide campaign against the use of plastic in the next two months. We will also hold workshop for making paper bags,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12552754", "title": "Shivneri may ply on Hyderabad, Goa routes", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) has mooted a proposal to start air-conditioned Shivneri bus service on Hyderabad and Goa routes.The new services could start by end of April once the tendering process to hire 38 more buses is complete. The state transport has already started Shivneri buses from Pune to Bangalore and Udaipur. Hyderabad will be the third destination for its inter-state services from Pune.Of the new 38 buses to be hired, 10 would be multi-axle buses. Some of these buses will run on the Hyderabad and Goa routes while the others will travel from Pune to Thane, Borivali, Nashik and Aurangabad and back.An MSRTC official said that Hyderabad was a potential route for starting AC buses. \"The corporation is plying semi-luxury buses on this route that go via Solapur. The AC bus service will start with a daily trip and the frequency would be increased depending upon the response. Similarly, a bus would run from Pune to Goa every day via Kolhapur,\" said the official.The inter-state buses from Pune to Bangalore and Udaipur have registered about 40% occupancy. The schedule of the Pune-Udaipur bus was recently changed to suit the timings of passengers heading for Gujarat and Rajasthan. The service to Bangalore has registered a significant demand on weekends.\"We are planning to introduce additional AC buses on Thane and Borivali routes to meet the summer rush. At present, one gets a Shivneri bus to Dadar every 15 minutes while buses on the Thane and Borivali routes run every hour,\" the official said.The MSRTC has plans to add more trips on Nashik and Aurangabad routes, especially during night and morning hours.BOXMSRTC's big plans* Add 38 buses to its fleet* Services on Hyderabad and Goa routes* Additional buses to Mumbai* Increase trips to Nashik and AurangabadEom/sarang", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12553340", "title": "UP govt bans BEd course in new colleges", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a significant decision, the state government has directed seven state universities not to give affiliation to a new college for running BEd course. However, any existing college (where other courses are running) can start BEd course if it wants.The decision has been made to check mushrooming of BEd colleges in the state. \"Sporadic growth of BEd colleges has led to decline in the quality of education. The colleges where only BEd course is running have been found extremely poor in their performance,'' said a senior government official.Though senior officials in the higher education department denied that any such order has been sent to universities, sources in Lucknow University admitted getting the order. The order is meant for Lucknow University; Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University, Kanpur; VBS Purvanchal University, Jaunpur; Dr BR Ambedkar University, Agra; Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapith University, Varanasi; Deen Dayal Upadhyay University, Gorakhpur and Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Avadh University, Faizabad.A senior university official told TOI: \"BEd has become a mess with the launch of special BTC. BEd colleges harass students to pay more fee than prescribed. The practice is more prevalent in colleges where only BEd course is running. The ban on opening new colleges has come as a respite for BEd aspirants.'' Besides, the government has also asked the universities to furnish details of the total number of seats in every BEd college and how many remained vacant last year.\"Only after we will have the data about the number of vacant seats, we will be able to take a decision,'' said a government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12554207", "title": "Row over fiber sheet use in Golden Temple", "text": "AMRITSAR: The work on covering of the causeway from Darshani Deori to sanctum sanctorum of the Golden Temple with fiber sheets is almost complete but the controversy it has triggered is still raging.The conservators believe the covering up of the causeway would disturb the visual integrity of Sikhs' holiest shrine but SGPC officials, who manage the temple, do not agree.SGPC secretary Dalmegh Singh said they had begun the work of covering the causeway with thin fiber sheets for convenience of devotees, who sometimes have to wait for nearly half-an-hour or more under scorching sun to reach the sanctum sanctorum for paying obeisance.Earlier, the causeway was covered with a cloth but now a permanent golden colored structure was being erected to support the fabric sheets.Objecting to the fiber sheets, conservationist and head Guru Ram Das School of Planning of Guru Nanak Dev University (GNDU) Balwinder Singh said, \"The very purpose of Darshani Deori will be diluted if the devotees would have an obstructed darshan of sanctum sanctorum while entering from it\".May be temporary, but the actual character of the shrine should not be allowed to alter, he said adding that even during the times of Maharaja Ranjit Singh the causeway was covered only with a cloth in summers and no permanent structure was erected.He said earlier also the SGPC had replaced the original marble of parkirama with white marble. \"The motifs and designs on marble depicted the great Sikh architecture which is now seen only in a little portion in front of the sanctum sanctorum,\" he said.GNDU's Guru Nanak studies department professor Balwant Singh Dhillon opined that the SGPC should have considered covering the structure with a better cloth rather than fabric. \"The material should harmonize with the structure, heritage and environment of the holy place,\" he said.Dalmegh said that rain water often seeped through the cloth and caused short-circuit as there were fans, tubes and bulbs in the causeway. \"The fiber structure is folding and can easily be removed,\" he said. The SGPC secretary informed that the work of covering the causeway would be completed by Baisakhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12551878", "title": "Shiv Sena, NCP to stake claim for the opposition leader's chair", "text": "NASHIK: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Shiv Sena will be staking their claims for the post of the Leader of the Opposition in the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) which would be decided in the general body meeting on April 7 when the standing committee, too, would be constituted.Two parties will be demanding the post of the opposition leader of the house on April 7 when the names of the standing committee members will be announced. Leaders of the NCP and Shiv Sena have expressed their desire to field their respective candidates for the post and have indicated the likelihood of a tussle for power and possibly a court case irrespective of which party wins the seat.A letter has already been issued by the Shiv Sena's head office suggesting the name of its group leader in Nashik, Sudhakar Badgujar, to be projected as the leader of the opposition. Meanwhile, NCP is planning to field its own candidate as the leader of the opposition. Though Kavita Kardak's name is being discussed, the name has not been finalised.A senior former office bearer of Shiv Sena informed that Badgujar is their candidate and that since they have registered with the Republican Party of India (RPI) they have a total of 21 seats which makes them the second largest party. He does agree that Shiv Sena by its own, with 19 seats, is not the second largest party. \"Irrespective of which candidate is declared by the mayor as the leader of opposition, matter will go to the court. NCP with 20 corporators is claiming the post and Shiv Sena and RPI are also claiming for it. If NCP gets the chair we will oppose and we get it they will oppose because without the RPI we are just 19 and they 21,\" he said.On Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) supporting NCP in Thane and the likely equation in Nashik, the Sena leader said, \"In Thane the NCP won with MNS help and in Nashik NCP would be supporting the MNS during the election of the standing committee chair. In return they might claim the opposition leader's post.\"New city chief of NCP Sharad Koshire said that the secular combine had second majority with 20 seats and that Sena has no right to claim the opposition leader's post. \"This is happening for the first time that twp parties have registered together and are claiming the post on the basis of their total number of seats. In that case, the Congress-NCP can also claim the same. Together we are 35,\" he said.On the expectation of MNS after Thane elections, he said that the standing committee in Thane was not yet constituted. \"All these are merely discussions on the surface. Nothing has been fixed. Congress and independent corporators are with us. We will be conducting a meeting with them soon and see if we can come together to claim the post of the opposition leader. We will also be claiming the post of the chairperson of the standing committee,\" said Koshire.He said that in case they win the chair of the standing committee, the alliance and independent will be given the opportunity turn by turn. \"All these will be decided by the guardian minister, Chhagan Bhujbal and MP Sameer Bhujbal,\" said Koshire adding that no name has been finalised for the post of opposition leader as yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12553287", "title": "IT-BHU student dies in mobike mishap on campus", "text": "VARANASI: Speeding on mobike on the campus on Thursday claimed the life of a student of the Institute of Technology, Anuj Rathee, on the IT-BHU campus.Despite the ban on keeping motorcycles in the hostels of the Banaras Hindu University , high-speed motorcycling by a student of the Institute of Technology, Anuj Rathee claimed his life near New Lecture Theater Hall of IT-BHU on varsity campus under Lanka police station on Thursday.According to reports, Rathee, a native of Kota in Rajsthan, was a student of BTech (Chemical Engineering) second year at IT-BHU. He was an inmate of Mourvi hostel on the varsity campus. On Thursday, when he going somewhere on his motorcycle, it collided head-on with another speeding motorcycle near the New Lecture Theater. The other mobike was being driven by two students of Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapith.All the three students suffered serious injuries in this mishap. Passers-by and proctorial board personnel immediately rushed them to the SSL Hospital, where Rathee was declared brought dead by the doctors. After providing first aid to the MGKV students, the varsity officials handed them over to the Lanka police.The chairman of press publication and publicity cell of BHU said that the body of Rathee was kept in mortuary and his parents were informed about the incident.Then vice-chancellor Prof D P Singh had banned keeping mobikes on the varsity campus by hostel inmates in 2009-2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12554135", "title": "Hundreds attend Maundy Thursday Mass", "text": "LUDHIANA: Hundreds of devotees gathered at the Holy Cross Catholic Church in Sarabha Nagar for a special Mass on Thursday evening to commemorate Maundy Thursday, remembering the last supper that Lord Jesus Christ had with his 12 disciples before his crucifixion.Father Joseph K led the prayer after which devotees participated in the Holy Communion. Then the priest knelt down and in a special ceremony washed the feet of 12 members of the congregation, symbolic of the Lord Jesus washing the feet of his disciples at the last supper and encouraging them to lead a life of serving others.President of Christian United Federation Albert Dua, who stays in Punjab Mata Nagar, said, ''Jesus knew that he was going to be crucified and at the last supper with his 12 disciples, he took the bread and wine and shared that they are symbols of his body and blood that he would sacrifice for all sinners of the world. The Holy Communion is a symbol of that.''Haibowal-resident Mukhtiar Massi said he always makes it a point to attend Mass on Maundy Thursday. ''It marks the beginning of our celebration. I feel a deep satisfaction by attending the Maundy Thursday Mass,'' he said. Lawrence Dutt, who stays in Dugri, said it is his family's tradition to attend church together on Maundy Thursday.''All that we are is because of Jesus Christ and we can never do enough for him,'' said Lawrence. Robert Joseph of Karnail Singh Nagar explained that Maundy Thursday is also the last day of fasting for many Christians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12552699", "title": "'Poor' granny leaves toddler at hospital's mercy", "text": "INDORE: A three-year-old malnourished toddler was left by her grandmother at the Jhabua Civil Hospital a few days ago. The tribal-dominated Jhabua is one of the districts in the state where a large number of children suffer from malnourishment.Talking to TOI over phone from Jhabua Dr IS Chouhan said Anita was left alone by her grandmother Leelabai at the hospital on the intervening night of April 2 and 3. The parents of the malnourished child had left the girl in the custody of her grandmother before leaving for Gujarat in search of a job.Dr Chouhan said the girl was brought to the hospital only when her health condition turned extremely critical. Little more delay could have worsened her condition and even resulted in her death. Before being brought to the hospital, Anita was in the care of Anganwadi workers.\"Leelabai was probably scared of the hospital expenses. Leelabai might have also been finding it difficult to feed Anita owing to inadequate resources. Fearing the ignominy, she allegedly left the girl in the hospital and disappeared,\" said Dr Chouhan, adding that there has been very little improvement in the condition of the girl. Leelabai is the resident of Fuledi village under Megh Nagar bloc in the district. Presently, Anita is being looked after by the staff of the Women and Child Development Department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12557921", "title": "Sakti Burman's love for art", "text": "Born and raised in a traditional family of landed gentry in Bidyakut (now part of Bangladesh), Sakti Burman was hugely influenced by the joyous spirit of frequent festivities around him, which his paintings prominently exude.Destiny took him to Paris, where \"his dream was fulfilled\". Burman says, \"I came to Paris in 1956 and enrolled as a student at the Ecole Nationale Superiure des Beaux-Arts. I was keen to learn everything about the fascinating vista of the world of art that opened up for me in Paris.\"While painting, drawing and sketching, Burman regularly visited galleries and museums there to understand art history and the aesthetic drives of the modernism of Europe that had overhauled the concept of art. \"I couldn't forget my Indian roots and at the same time I was fascinated by Matisse and Bonnard, especially their interiors. I also picked up a little from Italian renaissance masters such as Masaccio, Giotto and Piero Della Francesca - their murals and frescos gave me an idea,\" says Burman.But the Beaux Arts degree did not fetch him much remuneration, the artist recollects. His frequent visits to India resulted in his eyes opening to India's glory: \"I was reborn as an artist. I returned to Paris and did nothing but paint.\" Soon his art took a new turn as he forged the styles that he had gathered from the two worlds. \"All my excited enjoyment of art in India and in the West that lay in the unconscious, all the myths, fairy tales, my love for music and Tagore's songs and Baudelaire's poetry - all went into the making of my paintings, guided heavily by spirituality,\" says Burman.The alchemy of mystical magic and lore takes centrestage in Burman's art. Faded canvases, illusory myths, the tyranny of memory fade and fade away into oblivion. The urge to capture them for posterity's sake compels the artist to pour this iconography onto his canvas. The exhibition of Sakti Burman's works is on from April 4 at Akar Prakar, from 2pm to 7pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12551312", "title": "Illicit ties land man in custody", "text": "GONDIA: A man was arrested and sent to police custody on Wednesday after his 26-year-old cousin accused him of luring her into an illicit relationship on the pretext of marriage but got engaged to another girl recently.The girl from Warthi in Bhandara district held a press conference and accused that her cousin Pravin Chourey of Amgaon had an illicit relationship with her for over four years. He had assured her of marriage. Later, she came to know that he was trying to tie the knot with another girl. She reported the matter to police who arrested Chourey and sent to police custody till April 9.The girl said that she had gone to Amgaon for two months in 2008 to appear for university examination and was staying with her aunt Kanta Chourey. During her stay Pravin exploited her sexually by assuring to get married.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12553360", "title": "Rain causes waterlogging, power &amp; traffic woes", "text": "VARANASI: The sudden and dramatic change in weather condition left various localities in the city facing waterlogging on Thursday. The conditions triggered by dust storm and later followed by a spell of rain in the afternoon also disrupted power supply besides causing traffic congestion in the city.The areas located at lower level including Bazardiha, Sarainandan, Nagwa, Samneghat, Sudamapur, Kakarmatta, Kolhua Vinayaka, Kamachcha, Badi Gaibi and Shivpurwa (Mahmoorganj) remained worst affected due to waterlogging after the rainfall. Similarly, areas where digging work was going on to lay sewer and water supply pipelines, including Ravindrapuri and other localities in trans-Varuna areas including Pandeypur and Shivpur, witnessed swamp and slippery conditions.Power supply was also hit after change in weather conditions. As per reports of PVVNL office, the power supply was snapped on precautionary ground after dust storm hit most parts of the city in the afternoon. However, the power supply was resumed after improvement in the conditions. Reports of local faults and damage to transformers also poured from different parts of the city.According to ML Sharma, chief engineer (distribution), the windy conditions also caused snapping of low and high transmission cables, especially on the outskirts, and the power supply was hit due to the same.Meanwhile, the change in weather conditions caused traffic congestion in various parts of the city. While the roads wore a deserted look after the dust storm, the downpour caused traffic congestion at prominent crossings including Lanka, Gadaulia, Luxa-Gurubagh, Maidagin, Cantonment and Pandeypur in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12553343", "title": "Eat food rich in water content, fibre: Experts", "text": "VARANASI: Venturing out in the Sun without proper protection could land you in trouble. Health experts are also coming up with tips to save body and skin in the blistering weather. The gravity of the situation could be gauged from the fact that the mercury has already touched 40 degree Celsius mark in the first week of April.It can dehydrate the body and thus it is necessary to keep the water level maintained in the body. The loss of water and minerals from the body should be compensated by including liquid items in the diet. Similarly, the body should be properly covered (preferably with cotton clothes) and direct exposure to sunlight should be avoided, said Dr Sudhakar Pandey, epidemic cell, CMO office. He also added heat stroke (or sunstroke) could be quite fatal.While health experts believe that the condition ca take a toll on the body, causing dryness and dehydration, skin remains the most vulnerable in such weather conditions. Venturing out in such conditions can't be avoided, but precautions should be taken to protect the skin. \"While dryness of the skin is common under the conditions, cases of sunburn also rise if adequate care is not taken. It is advised to use sun block cream before venturing out as it prevents the face from getting tanned. Repeated washing of face (two to three times a day) is also recommended,\" advised Dr VV Singh, senior skin expert.It may be mentioned here that cases of dehydration, diarrhoea and skin problems have also increased in various government hospitals, with SPG and DDU hospitals, recording more than 10% registration in the OPDs in the past two weeks. The health experts are also coming up dietary plans to restore water and mineral content in the body. \"Food rich in water and fibre should be included in the diet as it not only restores the liquid content but also aids digestion. Oily, spicy and food rich in trans-fats should be avoided and seasonal fruits and salads should be part of dietary plan,\" added the senior doctor in CMO office.Meanwhile, local or indigenous drinks have also started being sold at crossings. They include 'bel sharbat' (made from 'bel' fruit) and 'pana' (made from unripened mango ) and coconut water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "12553104", "title": "2 more suspected cases of dengue", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: The medical team camping at Managaseri village in Srivilliputhur diagnosed two more children with suspected dengue on Thursday.On Tuesday, health officials reported the outbreak of sudden fever in Indira Colony in the village and a medical team was deployed there. Five children, who were suspected with dengue, were admitted to a private hospital and the medical team, which was camping in the village diagnosed two others on Wednesday evening.Under these circumstances, the medical team on Thursday diagnosed Madankumar, a one-year-old infant and Vanniaraj (17) as the new cases of suspected dengue. Health officials said that they are treating the children in the camp.Deputy director of health, Balasubramanian said, \"The medical team camping in the village is working round-the-clock and it will be stationed there till nil cases are reported.\"Meanwhile, fogging operations in the village and surrounding areas were completed and the overhead tank was cleaned to avoid any larvae growth of dengue vector, aedis aegypti. \"The situation is fully under control and the medical team is surveying every house in the village for any infection. Control measures against mosquitoes are also undertaken in the neighbourhood,\" Balasubramanian assured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12552094", "title": "Play brings Shambhu Mitra, Utpal Dutta closer", "text": "KOLKATA: The fact that stage personalities Shambhu Mitra and Utpal Dutta followed two different philosophies and that there was a silent one-upmanship between the two is perhaps known to all theatre lovers. The two never came together on stage, and there's no doubt that they would have weaved magic had they performed together. A theatre actor and playwright of the recent times, Surajit Bandopadhyay (of Hamlet fame), dared to imagine this and the result is Sri Shambhu Mitra - a recently launched play that has created ripples among the audience.There are several surprises in store throughout the two-hour play, staged by theatre group Natyaranga. It deals with the deep-seated beliefs and philosophies of Mitra. While Utpal Dutta professed himself as a propagandist, Mitra's messages were presented through subtle allegories. The storyline progresses by bringing to life famous characters from Mitra's plays. They ask him questions and try to resolve issues that they have been living with ever since they were created. It is during the course of such conversations that the need for bringing together the two pillars - Dutta and Mitra - of stage arises.So you have Ballabhacharya and Shonoka from Chand Baniker Paala trying to convince Mitra about the futility of most of life's purposes, Nandini from Raktakarabi asks that one question which is believed to have started a long row between Mitra and his talented actor wife, Tripti: \"Why did you play with the key ring while she was delivering her dialogue?\" Mitra replies, \"I did not wish to distract her, it was just a prop. She mistook my intention and thought I was not paying attention.\"There are several other characters from Mitra's plays who ask him questions about why he left the IPTA and later, Bahurupee. Mitra goes on to explain that his tryst with Oedipus was actually an eye-opener because it taught him to accept life's harsh truths.The Mitra-Dutta conversation has been strategically placed in the play. \"You will see how the two discuss not only their own philosophies but also each other's distinctive styles. Initially, they have a lot of reservations about each other and you could even spot cynicism. Finally, in the course of their conversation, they soften up and even appreciate each other's point of view,\" said Swapan Sengupta, director of the play. The poignancy comes through when they admit that in staying apart from each other during their lifetime, both have ended up being losers.Surajit will play Mitra on stage. However, there will be some places where Mitra's voice will be heard from the background. These dialogues will be delivered by Rudraprasad Sengupta.This is staged through a climactic point in the play when Mitra is seen apologizing for having a possible hand in restricting the entry of media critics who were pro-Dutta, to his play called Galileo.\"While we fight and compete on the issue of ideology, theatre as an art genre will go on forever,\" the two finally resolve.Surajit Bandopadhyay, the brain behind the play, is presently in Dhaka to act in Bibhash Chakraborty's Hamlet and was hence not available for his comment. The music for the play has been directed by Swatilekha Sengupta while the stagecraft has been planned by Koushik Sen. Natyaranga has consulted poet Shankha Ghosh in every stage of the play.Sengupta said that he was extremely happy lending his voice to the character. \"It was an extremely interesting project, conceived and transacted intelligently. We who knew Shambhu Mitra the person and were lucky to see him in action,have learnt much. This representation will be a memorable one for the present generation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12553834", "title": "Customer is once again the king in star hotels, complimentary services return", "text": "BANGALORE: Guests are smiling more these days after checking into 5-star hotels, for the hospitality landscape in Bangalore and the country at the moment looks to be a near buyers market rather than a sellers market. Four years ago, the hospitality industry took a bold move by aping their western counterparts and withdrew complimentary services.From complimentary breakfasts to airport transfers to laundry and much more, everything that made the consumer feel like a king was removed and was made a paid-for-item. Now in 2012, the customer is once again king, and the basket of complimentary items has only become larger.Complimentary breakfast, which costs a hotel between Rs 400 and Rs 600 per person, has been enhanced with more offerings which include a 'made to order' section in addition to the buffet spread and an option for guests to order to their rooms at no extra cost.\"Offering complimentary services has a lot to do with the demand and supply equation. At the time when most of these benefits were withdrawn, the strategy was clear-- to help grow the bottomline. Now the market dynamics have changed. There are many brands flooding the market across price points, subsequently yields have dipped and hence hotels will re-look at their strategies. So if one player offers incentives to attract customers, the others are sure to follow to retain their business,\" says a senior official at the ITC Maurya, The Luxury Collection, New Delhi. However, the ITC official adds, \"We are clear, complimentary airport transfers are a thing of the past irrespective of room category.\"According to Chakraborty, in markets like Bangalore where 80% of a hotel's inventory comprises business travellers, hotels have started offering free pick-up and drop facilities from the hotel to the guests' work place.\"There are two sets of business segments that we target- the public domain, people who book via websites and through third party vendors, and the corporate clients. For the former category of guests, hotels continue to offer drill down rates---which don't come with any complimentary offers,\" says Nikhil Kapur, GM, Ista Pune. Many star hotels are offering such drill-down rates, which are approximately 5% to 10% cheaper than rooms bundled with complimentary offers, as the 'best available rate of the day'.For corporate clients though hotels are negotiating their room rates with complimentary add-ons in order to make the offers more enticing considering the choice of hotels that consumers have to choose from.The ratio of rooms selling complimentary add-ons to rooms with drill-down rates varies from city to city depending on the business traveller traffic. For instance, in Pune, the ratio is around 60:40, where as in Bangalore it's 80:20.\"Once upon a time internet was a luxury and hotels marketed it as their USP. Now it's become a necessity. WiFi was seen as a luxury compared to wired internet and now WiFi has become a must have,'' says Siraj Mukherjee, GM, The Park, Bangalore.As part of their new policy, many star hotels have taken a decision that their properties located in the southern markets, mainly in Chennai and Bangalore, which are heavily dependent on the IT and ITeS sector, will have to offer free WiFi.Free for all* Free breakfast* Newspapers/glossy magazines* Transport, high-speed internet/Wifi facility in room consumables and cocktail lounges* Procurement cost along with associated manpower and overhead cost of complimentary services said to be 4% to 5% of a hotel's gross revenueMore choices\"From offering one or two newspapers in 2007-2008, now the choices are more with the addition of glossy magazines. The regular tea/coffee/sugar choices have increased with more international brands to choose from. Facilities like ironing and supplies (toiletries) in the room have either been added or upgraded at no extra cost. Pay and use of the telephone for local calls and internet facilities have become free.\"---- Taposh Chakraborty | president, Alux Hotels, a boutique hotel chain", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12552291", "title": "English compulsory for Gujarat's top cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The new breed of Gujarat police officers will be confident in conversing with foreign nationals and people from other states, thanks to thorough English language training they will receive for at least nine months during their training period at various police training schools.Talking about the initiative, K D Patadiya, joint director, Gujarat Police Academy (GPA), told media on Thursday that a new English lab, a computer training centre and a forensic science lab is on anvil. \"As many candidates for both police sub-inspectors and deputy superintendent of police come from rural background, we wanted to prepare them for the future scenario,\" he said.He added that the officers will also be computer literate. \"We made sure that the cadets attend seminars on juvenile justice, right to information, coastal and land border security, terrorism, national security and threats, narcotics and traffic management. The batches have also been imparted knowledge on time and stress management and administrative tactics,\" said a senior police official. The new batch will pass out in second week of May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12552541", "title": "Ekm's railway emergency quota shifted to Tvm HQ", "text": "KOCHI: On Thursday, people were unable to avail an emergency quota (EQ) ticket in the city after the divisional headquarters in Thiruvananthapuram (TVM) stopped this service.They said the area manager is on sick leave and those who require an EQ ticket should approach the TVM office and submit a request.Though divisional railway manager's (DRM) office claimed the service will be restored after the area manager resumes his duties, railway officials are apprehensive that DRM might stop this service permanently.This will affect people, their representatives who at times require tickets at short notice, especially during holiday rush, officials said.EQ tickets mostly benefit those who need of medical care, say cancer or heart patients or individuals who need to attend a funeral or some important function.In Ernakulam, a person who needs an emergency ticket should submit a request to the area manager (AM), who will allot a ticket for a genuine necessity. From Thursday, those who require tickets should submit their request at TVM office.Railway employees view this move with suspicion, said a railway official on condition of anonymity. \"Recently DRM gave orders to cancel the official vehicle of AM as a cost cutting initiative. Now AM, who represent Southern Railway at Cochin Port Trust, FACT and several city organizations, has to rent a taxi to travel. So a sudden move to shift this EQ system raises eyebrows. Earlier, whenever AM was on leave, an official from TVM used to come here. If shifted permanently, this will inconvenience people from Ernakulam, Kottayam and Thrissur,\" he said.DRM's office maintained that this is a temporary move and they decided not to deploy another official to avoid misuse of the system. MP K P Dhanapalan termed it as an unfortunate incident. \"I came to know about this very late. I will talk to railway officials and ensure that Ernakulam will not lose its importance,\" the MP said.Kochi: From Thursday, public from Ernakulam area were denied availing an emergency quota (EQ) ticket in the city. The divisional headquarters in Thiruvananthapuram (TVM) stopped the service here, on the grounds that area manager is on sick leave and those who require a ticket on emergency grounds should approach the TVM office and submit a request.Though divisional railway manager's (DRM) office claimed that the service will be restored as soon as the area manager reports back to office, railway officials expressed fear that DRM might stop the service on a permanent basis in Ernakulam. This will affect public as well as people's representatives who at times require tickets at short notice, especially during the Good Friday and Easter holidays when demand shoots up, they said.EQ tickets mostly benefit those in need of medical aid like cancer or heart patients, or an individual who has to visit his close kin during situations like funeral or accidents. In Ernakulam, a person who needs an emergency ticket should meet and submit a request to the area manager (AM), who, if found genuine will allot the ticket. From Thursday onwards the system will be transferred to TVM and those who require tickets should submit their request there.A railway official who didn't want to be named said that DRM's move was being observed with suspicion by railway employees. \"Recently the DRM gave orders to cancel the official vehicle of AM as a cost cutting initiative. Now the AM who represent Southern Railway at Cochin Port Trust, FACT and several city organisations have to rent a taxi to move around. So this sudden move to shift the EQ system to TVM is suspicious. Earlier, whenever the AM went on leave an official came down here from TVM. If shifted permanently, it will cause many hardships to public belonging to Ernakulam, Kottayam and Thrissur,\" the union member said.DRM's office maintained that shifting was just a temporary move and that they decided not to deploy another official to avoid misuse of EQ system.K P Dhanapalan, MP said that the shifting was an unfortunate incident. \"I came to know about this very late and the issue will be taken up seriously since it benefits public and their representatives. I will talk to the Kerala railway officials and make sure that Ernakulam will not lose its right and importance,\" MP stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12552327", "title": "Speculations rife about identity of man threatened by Rathore", "text": "JAIPUR: Speculations have been fueled who is the demonstrator mentioned in the CBI chargesheet filed on Thursday who was threatened by the former minister Rajendra Singh Rathore.CBI sources said that in the chargesheet, it has been claimed that Rathore had threatened with dire consequences a man who agitated in Churu's Rajgarh town demanding a case against Rathore and SOG policemen after Dara's encounter on October 23, 2006.There were speculations that it was either a Member of Parliament (MP) or Rajasthan Jaat Mahasabha president Rajaram Meel.Rajaram Meel told TOI that the CBI had taken his statement. Meel is likely to figure in the list of prosecution witnesses in the case. Meel had been raising his voice since the time encounter took place.\"BJP supporting Rathore is indirectly disrespecting the Supreme Court which had ordered the probe into the whole matter,\" Meel said.Dara Singh's wife Sushila Devi was quite happy after arrest of Rathore. She said that she has finally got justice after fighting for six years.\"CBI has done justice in the case, then why BJP is trying to defend Rathore who murdered my husband,\" said Shushila.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12552817", "title": "Missing boy reunited with family after six years, found from Dwarka", "text": "VADODARA: Hope was what Tripathi family residing in Vadsar area of the city was surviving on after their son Krishnakant nee Shubham Tripathi went missing over six years ago. And it was like a miracle when he was found at Dwarka following an extensive search by his father Subhash Tripathi desperately chasing vague information regarding his missing son.Shubham had gone missing on the afternoon of October 15, 2005, after informing his sister that he was going to play cricket. Since then his father has been visiting several places like Kolkata, Varanasi etc to look for his son. But the attempts had been futile so far.Little would have the father known that his son was much closer to him than many places he had been making trips to. \"My friends had told me that there were children like Shubham in Dwarka and I should try there. Since the last four years, I had also got some missed calls from phone numbers from Dwarka. On a couple of occasions, I called these numbers back and was told that the number was of a public telephone. The person said he did not know who had called from the particular number,\" Subhash said.After a friend insisted that he should come to Dwarka, Subhash said that he decided to take a chance. \"The friend gave me all help from a vehicle to travel there and arranged for my stay. After a lot of efforts, I found Shubham there staying in the worst possible condition. I confirmed that it was him through an injury mark on his forehead and brought him home,\" he said.The father said the only thing Shubham remembers is that he had taken a ride in a rickshaw to save the trouble of walking home. \"Two people in the rickshaw wanted to see his palm. After this he does not remember anything,\" Subhash claims.Now, the family is showing Shubham old albums to refresh his memories. \"I do not remember anything about my family. Now, I am trying to remember everything through the photographs. I like it here and am happy to find them,\" he said.The missing boy's case had generated quite an interest in the city and after Nithari killings, parents of other missing children and Shubham's schoolmates had conducted a rally to press for better investigations into such cases in 2006. While the police did take up the cases and even updated its data on missing children, Shubham could not be located.Shubham still loves cricket and played a game with other children of the society on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12554306", "title": "2,471 new cancer cases in Himachal", "text": "SHIMLA: Himachal Pradesh is witnessing rise in number of cancer patients. While the state has 23,241 cancer patients during last financial year alone, 2,471 new cases have been registered. The state government has started Rs 7.34 crore national cancer control programme in the remote Chamba, KInnaur and Lahaul-Spiti districts since 2011.The state health minister Dr Rajiv Bindal informed the state assembly in Thursday, while replying to a question by BJP MLA Inder Singh. Bindal said the state had 16,405 cancer patients in 2009 that increased to 19,705 in 2010, while the number increased to 23,241 by 2011-12.Bindal said of the new cases, registered during financial year 2011-12, included 179 cases of oral cancer, 478 of digestive track, 623 cases of respiratory and intra-thoracic organ cancer, 302 of bone, skin and breast cancer , 519 cases of genito urinary organ and 370 of other types of cancer.He said the tobacco consumption has emerged as one of the main reasons for cancer after which a major awareness drive has been launched in the state. He said the government has decided to ban selling of tobacco products within the vicinity of educational institutes.He said cancer patients are undergoing treatment at the Indira Gandhi Medical College (IGMC), Shimla and Dr R P Government Medical college, Tanda. Bindal said land is being identified to set up a Rs 6 crore laboratory, while a super specialty oncology centre would be set up at Dr R P Government Medical college in Tanda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12553408", "title": "It\u2019s tougher for women to kick the butt", "text": "WASHINGTON: It's known that women find it a bit harder to kick the butt than men. Now, a new study has found why - it's because their brains respond quite differently to nicotine than male smokers . When a person smokes, the number of nicotine receptors in the brain are thought to increase.Researchers at the Yale University School of Medicine in the US found this is true in men - male smokers had a greater number of nicotine receptors compared to nonsmokers.But surprisingly, women smokers had about the same number of nicotine receptors as nonsmokers, they found. \"When you look at it by by LiveScience.The results are important because the main treatments for people who want to quit smoking are nicotine-replacement therapies, such as nicotine patches and gums, he said.The study suggests women smokers may benefit more from other types of treatment that don't involve nicotine, including behavioural therapies, such as exercise or relaxation techniques, and nonnicotine containing medications, he added.Female smokers, in the study had similar numbers of nicotine receptors in these regions as in male nonsmokers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12552530", "title": "Rathore hits out at Gehlot", "text": "JAIPUR: Minutes before his arrest by the CBI on Thursday, BJP chief whip Rajendra Rathore accused chief minister Ashok Gehlot of getting him implicated in the Dara Singh fake encounter case.\"At a political assembly on his home turf Jodhpur soon after becoming the chief minister, Gehlot was speaking about the Dara Singh encounter case. Suddenly he pointed towards me and said he was worried for me,\" Rathore recounted, suggesting that the chief minister was influencing the CBI investigation against him right from then.\"There and then Ghanshyam Tiwari (deputy leader of Opposition) and I told Gehlot that I was not scared of his threats. I am born with a chest of steel and would one day come out clean,\" the Rajput leader said, addressing the BJP legislators, leaders and workers who assembled at the party headquarters to express solidarity with him on Thursday.The BJP's Taranagar legislator narrated before the party workers about how he had \"disproved\" every charge against him in the case through the six representations he gave to the CBI ever since the agency took over the investigations in April 2010. \"It's unfortunate that today I have to speak to you about this conspiracy hatched by the people in power and the liquor mafia,\" Rathore said.The legislator and former minister emphasised that he was not mentioned among the accused in any of the complaints filed with the Rajasthan police or through the courts by Singh's family, including his wife and brother, for the first five years after the encounter took place. \"My name was not there even in the administrative probe that continued for four years or in the complaint made to the state human rights commission by Singh's brother Sis Ram,\" Rathore stressed.The BJP legislator said his name appeared for the first time in some \"dubious and photocopied affidavits based on hearsay\" that were presented to IAS officer Rohit Kumar Singh, whom the administrative investigation was handed over after the Congress came to power. \"These affidavits were found unreliable by the then investigating officer, but the CBI later made them the basis to allege that I had a strong motive for the encounter,\" Rathore said.He discussed the six phone calls between another accused and the then ADG (crime) AK Jain and him that took place between October 4, 2006 and October 19, 2006. \"I was a cabinet minister and was on the committee looking into the Rawala-Gharsana firing incident. Under such conditions there was nothing unusual about these phone calls,\" Rathore said. Similarly, he ran down same location of Jain and him from 2:45 pm to 08:28 pm on October 15, 2006. \"There was a Champions Trophy day-night match between India and England that day and the entire state government and union minister Sharad Pawar was present at the SMS Stadium to watch it,\" Rathore reasoned, as he alleged being politically victimized by the Congress government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12552350", "title": "Power shutdown on Saturday", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Saturday from 9 am to 5.30 pm.Anna Nagar Area: Anna Nagar A to W block, VOC Nagar, Shenoy Nagar, Aminjikarai, R.V Nagar, T P Chathram, part of Kilpauk Garden Rd, Periya Kudal AA to AM Block, Thirveethi Amman Koil St.Sowcarpet West Area: Ramanujam St, Vinayaga Muthali St, Thambinayakan St, Muniyappa St, Kothaval Chavadi, Errabalu St, Mannady, Wall tax Rd, Wood Warf St, Amman Koil St, Telegraph Abbai St, North Wall Rd, Annapillai St, Palliappan St, Mullaha Sahib St, Perumal Mudhali St, Narayana Mudhali St, Muthaiha St, Goodown St, Govindappa St, Mint St, Thulasingam St, Periya Naicken St, Chinna Naicken St, NSC Bose Rd, General Muthiah St, TV Basin St, PKG, Thandavarayan St, Arunachalam St, Thiruppalli St, K.N Agraharam, Layer Chinna Thambi St, K N Tank Rd, Petha Naicken St, Iron Manga St, Kalyanapuram Housing Board, Jatkapuram, Kanthappa St, Murukappa St, Ela Kanthappa St, Edayapalayam, Ponnappan St, Vengatrayan St, Ramanan Rd, Audhiyappa St, Vaikunta Vaithiyar St, Kalathipillai St, Irulappan St, Elephant Gate St, Ayya Mudhali St, Basin Water Works St, Kalyanapuram.Anna Salai Area: Bootha Perumal Koil St, Perumal Mudhali St, EB Link Rd, Kalyani Construction, Cosmopolitan Club, Devi theatre, Gee Gee complex, Kasturi buildings, Santhi theatre, Srilekha RMG, Dinrose Estate, 69 Anna Salai, part of Anna Salai, SVS Club building and others, G P Rd, Boo begam St, LGN Rd, Mohan Doss Rd, State Bank of India (IFL Branch), Thakurdas Choithram Building, Welders St, State Bank St, Byrenjan Bahadur I, II lanes, Arumugam St, GP Rd main area, RMG company, Pachayappa Trust building, LIC building, Rajyou Construction, Prince Kushal Towers, Gowtham Towers, Wellington Plaza, Border Thottam, Begum Sahib St, GP Lane, Gopal Dass Rd, V.N Doss St, Subarayan St, Subedhral I St, Sayid Abdullah St, Samy Achari St, Nainiyappan St, Bangaru Naicken St, Kuppu Muthu St, Wallers Rd, Dams Rd, Karim Mahideen St 1-5 lanes, Tarapore Towers, Dhun building, Saradas Silks and Emporium, Head Post Office- Anna Salai, Blackers Rd, Bata Show Room.Periyar Nagar Area: GKM Colony, Annai Anjugam Nagar, Chitharanjan Colony, Venkatraman Salai, Periyar Nagar, Jaganathan Salai, SRP Colony, Paper Mills Rd, Jawahar Nagar, KC Garden, SRP Koil St North and South, Lakshman East and West, 70 feet Rd, Vetri Nagar, Velan Nagar, Kuppusamy St, Sivaprakasam St, Kolathur, Poombuhar Nagar, Vasantham Nagar, Arjun Nagar, Amaraj St, Ambedkar Nagar, Thenpalani St, Dhanrajpuram, Subramaniya Puram, Venkateswara Nagar, Lakshmi Nagar, Kannagi Nagar, Jayaram Nagar, Sivasakthi Nagar, RH Rd, T.Nagar Colony, Sakthivel Nagar, Dhakshanamurthy Nagar, Sakthi St and allied Kolathur Area, Lakshmipuram, Teachers Colony, Kadaba Rd, Sarathi nagar, Jayaram Nagar, Villivakkam Rd, Ganesh nagar, Harbour Colony", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12552671", "title": "PIL says plan for new secretariat not legal", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government would be violating its own law - the Town and Country Planning Act 1971 - if it were to make any 'internal modifications' to the new assembly-cum-secretariat complex in order to convert it into a multi super-specialty hospital, the Madras high court has been informed.A submission to this effect was made in a reply-affidavit filed before a division bench of Justices D Murugesan and KK Sasidharan by advocate R Veeramani who had filed a public interest writ petition against the state government's plan to convert the structure into a hospital complex. Referring to the government's admission that it planned to make 'internal modifications' in the building, the reply affidavit said such modifications would amount to 'material changes' which are nothing but unauthorized development.The bench has adjourned the matter to April 18 for further hearing, after senior counsel P Wilson submitted that no modification or development could be allowed in contravention of the planning permission or absence of a planning permission from the appropriate and competent authority.The reply affidavit further contended that the court's intervention was necessitated because the government, which should be a model owner in following the mandatory requirements of law, was attempting to violate the provisions of the acts.Noting that the environmental clearance given by state-level Environment Impact Assessment Authority is entirely different from the consent given by the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board under Air and Water Act, it said TNPCB does not have any power or authority to overlook the environmental clearance given for a specific purpose.In the absence of environmental clearance by the appropriate and competent authority - state-level Environment Impact Assessment Authority - the Government have no right or power to make any conversion in the subject building, it said.Design and purpose of a hospital building and a secretariat complex are at variance with each other and hence a structure designed for one purpose cannot be altered to suit the requirements of the other. It will result in severe compromise on functional, health and efficiency fronts, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12553417", "title": "Mutation in sperm tied to autism, says gene study", "text": "LONDON: Mutations in a parent's sperm or egg cells may increase a child's risk for autism , and fathers are more likely to pass these defects to their children than their mothers, researchers claim.Three large-scale studies, published in journal Nature, have highlighted the importance of defects in the DNA of eggs and sperm to the development of autism, and one in seven cases of autism in families are caused this way. One study by a team from the University of Washington showed sperm to be a much bigger culprit than eggs. For every four such genetic alterations , known as \"de novo\" mutations, traced back to sperm, there was just one that began life in an egg, it found.For their study, the researchers analysed the DNA of children with autism and their parents in 209 families where the child was the only autistic person, as well as 50 unaffected siblings.They found 248 \"de novo\" mutations, 60 of which they identified as the most likely to raise the risk of autism, the Daily Mail reported.Results revealed that three genes to be peppered by these de novo mutations. The scientists said it is likely that hundreds of genes are involved in autism and their study shows the picture to be even more complex than thought.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12551609", "title": "Showers in city again on Thursday evening", "text": "NAGPUR: The sweltering month of April just got a makeover with a hat-trick of rainy evenings in the city. Thursday saw a brief spell of showers in the Orange city for the third time in the same week. More such showers can be expected in parts of the city and the region over the next couple of days, say weathermen.\"Winds carrying moisture are blowing from east UP towards south Karnataka. They pass over the states of Madhya Pradesh and Chhatissgarh along with Vidarbha, causing rains in all these regions,\" explained an official from the regional met department. For the next day or two, similar spells of rain showers can be expected along with a decrease in the maximum temperatures, he said.The month of March did not see the temperature in the city crossing the 40-degree mark more than once. In this month too, the maximum temperatures have remained close to 40 degrees Celsius. This is expected to go down another degree or two because of the rains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12553561", "title": "Minister lays stress on all-round growth", "text": "LUCKNOW: The government will give appropriate boost to the handloom sector in days to come. The minister for textile and sericulture, Shiv Kumar Beria has underlined the need for ensuring all round growth of textile, especially the handloom sector in the state in view of the sector having being job-oriented.He said that millions of people in the state are earning their livelihood by engaging themselves in handloom related activities. \"Appropriate boost to this sector would not only provide jobs to a large number of the unemployed, but also help augment the income of the weavers and allied workers already working,\" Beria said.Beria was reviewing the activities and achievements of the textile and handloom department with the senior officers. He also directed the officers that weavers' societies, which were yet to be covered under the Centre's scheme of waiving bank loans up to Rs 50,000 should be benefited under this scheme as early as possible by completing all the formalities in this regard.He also asked officials to ensure early distribution of identity cards among the remaining weavers, as these cards helped them in availing government facilities including concession in electricity bill easily.Reviewing the current status of UPICA, and state handloom corporation, minister said that in view of the growing losses of these two institutions, it is necessary to make all out efforts for improving their dwindling condition by formulating and implementing effective schemes in this regard.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12552070", "title": "Thieves strike on treasure island", "text": "PANAJI: Two separate incidents of house breaking thefts were reported in the Gavona ward of Chorao Island.Old Goa police said that Peter Fernandes from St Cruz in his complaint said that Rs 80,000 worth of gold necklace and finger rings were stolen from his sister's house. The house is locked as his sister is residing in Dubai. Police claimed that nothing was stolen from the second house. \"They even tried to target another house. But ran away once they heard noise from inside the house,\" the Old Goa police said.Locals have alleged that almost 12 robberies have taken place recently and no proper investigation has been done nor any culprits arrested. To protest the increase in such crimes, the residents of Chorao island had a 'rasta roko' agitation. Hundreds of agitators demanded to speak to SP (North) Vijay Singh. The SP reached Chorao and spoke to the villagers.Police claimed that they have increased patrolling in the area. \"We have intensified patrolling but more than 50 % of the people in the island are either settled abroad or in Mumbai. It is difficult to keep a watch on each and every house,\" said a police official.The accused would enter the house by breaking the main entrance lock with an iron rod. \"The dog squad was called but they lost the trail after few minutes,\" added police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12553979", "title": "Named by CAG, Deshmukh in opposition's line of fire", "text": "MUMBAI: Calls for Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh's resignation got shriller on Thursday as the BJP and Shiv Sena cited the Supreme Court's criticism of his land allotment to Subhash Ghai and a yet-to-be-tabled CAG report naming him in several murky land deals in Mumbai. \"Deshmukh has no moral authority to continue in office. He should step down immediately. If he does not resign, the PM should remove him,\" BJP's Nirmala Sitharaman said in Delhi.The \"leaked\" CAG report indicted at least 10 senior politicians and cabinet ministers in Maharashtra for their direct or indirect role in inappropriate land allotment, use and management.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said he had got a copy of the report and the matter would be discussed by the state cabinet soon. \"Let the government table the report in the legislature, then I will react,\" Deshmukh said from Latur, over phone.The report has also exposed rampant misuse of government land in Mumbai. It details several cases of land violations - abetted by official ineptness, indifference or collusion - that caused a loss to the state exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12551357", "title": "22 cattle rescued", "text": "GONDIA: The special squad of SP Gondia detained two vehicles on national highway number 6 in Sangadi village near Deori on Wednesday. The vehicles were carrying 22 cattle crammed from Chhattisgarh to slaughter houses in Nagpur.Gondia police found 16 cattle crammed in the truck (MH 31/CQ/6741) and six in the van (MH 31/CB/2559), during the search. An offence under cruelty to the livestock was registered against Naresh Kekat (24), Rajesh Jagane (34), both from Amgaon and Masjid Sheikh (28) of Sadak Arjuni.Vehicles have been seized and cattle sent to the rescue home. The estimated cost of the vehicles and the cattle is Rs 13.6 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12552293", "title": "Suspected child abductor thrashed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 45-year-old woman was beaten up by local residents at Barrel market area near Chandola on Thursday morning on suspicion of child abduction.Police which had gone to help with victim also faced public's wrath. Nearly 1,000 people blocked the way and pelted stones at a team of 150 policemen which had rushed to the site. Police sent the woman to LG Hospital for treatment and rounded up 15 miscreants. They were booked for rioting.Danilimda police said they had received a message from a police control room van at 11 am that the van had been surrounded by more than 150 people when it had gone to rescue a woman. \"The van had apparently got a message about a woman being beaten up. When the van reached the spot, the residents refused to let the woman go. Later, our investigation revealed that a girl named Taslim, 8, was approached by the woman when nearby youths raised an alarm. As the woman had worn saree, she was quickly singled out as an outsider in the locality,\" said a police official.The crowd had overpowered police personnel and had even taken the van keys. When the re-enforcement of 50 policemen from Danilimda police station appeared insufficient, the Zone VI deputy commissioner of police and K Division assistant commissioner of police rushed to the spot and started lathicharge to disperse the crowd. Three police vehicles were damaged and a constable was injured in the scuffle.Talking about the incident, Maninder Singh Pawar, DCP, Zone VI, told TOI that stringent police action was necessary. \"We had to resort to lathicharge and lobbing of the teargas shells to ensure safety of the citizens and policemen. We are aware about sentiments of the citizens about missing children but such assaults are not the answer. In the primary investigation, the woman targeted is identified as Saraswati Kasai, 45, who seems to be mentally unstable. Further details can be sought after recording her statement,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12552847", "title": "Cultural fest to showcase 100 yrs of Indian cinema", "text": "PUNE: A five-day cultural festival, comprising music, dance, films and exhibition, has been organized between April 29 and May 3 at the National Film Archive of India to celebrate 100 years of Indian cinema.It was on May 3, 1913, when founder of the Indian film industry Dadasaheb Phalke screened the first movie Raja Harishchandra at Coronation theatre in Mumbai.Addressing a news conference here on Wednesday, Congress corporator Aba Bagul, chairman of Pune Navratra Mahotsav, the main organizer of the festival, said, \"On May 3, the film industry will enter the 100th year of its foundation. During the festival, US-based Jayant Kulkarni, who has a huge collection of rare photographs of artists from the early days, will open his treasure for cinema lovers.\"On the 142nd birth anniversary of Phalke on April 30, a rally will be taken out from the Film and Television Institute of India till Sarasbaug, said Bagul.Marathi film songs will be presented at Vasant Bagul Udyan on May 1 evening while actors, who have worked as child actors in Marathi films, will interact with children on May 2 evening, he said.The organizing committee has also decided to screen some famous Marathi as well as other Indian films at various theatres in the city. The details will be announced soon, Bagul said.EoM/ND", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12552410", "title": "Gehlot-Bainsla parley over tea", "text": "JAIPUR: Gujjar leader Kirori Singh Bainsla on Thursday met chief minister Ashok Gehlot along with a small delegation from the community at Hindaun. The unscheduled meeting took place when the chief minister suddenly offered to visit the Gujjar leader's house during the foundation stone laying ceremony of a container depot at Hindaun.Himmat Singh, spokesperson of the Gujjar Arakshan Sangarh Samity, said, \"Our leader had made it to the ceremony that was scheduled on the occasion of laying of the foundation stone by chief minister Ashok Gehlot. In fact, he even took to the stage and reminded Gehlot of his promise for granting us the reservation under the Special Backward Class.\"At this, the chief minister offered to visit Bainsla house after the ceremony for a cup of team along with Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) chief Chandrabhan and some other officials.Bainsla was with community leader Bhura Bhagat and other leaders during the meeting with Gehlot. \"During the meeting, Gehlot apprised our leaders that the survey to determine the condition of Gujjars in the state was nearly over. He expressed hope that something positive will emerge,\" Singh said.The Gujjars have been demanding 5% reservations in state jobs as a Special Backward Class, withdrawal of cases filed against their community members filed during the agitations in 2007 and 2008, payment of compensation to three more deceased of the protests and a suitable package to those who had sustained injuries in these agitations.However, the matters went awry in January 2011 after the high court pulled up the government and asked it to explain as to why reservation was given to the Gujjars when they were already getting the same privilege under the OBC category. At this, it was decided to conduct a survey of the community to determine their position in the state so as to decide if special reservation was needed.But since then, the government has been holding review meetings but has not made public the results of the survey. \"About a month back, we had held a mahapanchayat in Sawai Madhopur and had decided to give the government time till April 18. If the government does not make its stance clear by then, we will have to take the next step,\" Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12553238", "title": "Special prays, processions to observe Good Friday", "text": "KANPUR: Prayers will be held to observe Good Friday. Christians will gather at different churches to attend mourning prayers on Friday.Several churches will also take out processions. The church bells will remain silent on the day to grieve the penance and death of Christ.Assembly of Believers church in Allenganj will organize Good Friday service. 'Bhakti aradhna' will be held amid recitation of the holy hymns in the afternoon.The members Saint Francis Xaviers Church, Ashok Nagar will take out a 'Cross procession' from the church in the evening.LLJM Methodist Church will hold a 'Good Friday aradhna' in the afternoon. Spiritual sermons will be delivered.Special prayers would be held at St Mary's Orthodox Church in Krishnapuram, said Father Shaji George.\"Good Friday sermons and passages from the holy Bible will be read out to the mass to relive the importance of the day,\" said Father Alex D'souza.The members of Good Shepherd Church in Prem Nagar will hold Good Friday prayers in the afternoon. The prayers will also followed by a community lunch. The statues and pictures at churches will be covered with black cloth. Devotees will wear black clothes to mark the significance of Good Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12552050", "title": "PWD staffers suspended for blackout at CM event", "text": "KOLKATA: The state, on Thursday, suspended two PWD officials in connection with the power supply disruption during an event at Netaji Indoor Stadium, attended by chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee was holding a meeting with imams at the venue when power supply suddenly tripped, leading to complete darkness in the stadium.The two officials are assistant engineer and sub-assistant engineer in the electrical section of the PWD. A probe has also been ordered.The CM, reportedly furious over the matter, has already spoken to power minister Manish Gupta, PWD secretary A R Bardhan and the special secretary in-charge of minorities Khalil Ahmed. It may be noted that Gupta and Ahmed, too, attended the event.Apparently, there was a CESC tripping and supply was restored within a few minutes. But, there was no one from the PWD. Presence of PWD officials is a must and the officials have to be at the stadium for any programme in case such emergency situations arise. Moreover, they they should have been present since the event was attended by the CM.There was complete darkness for about five minutes with over 25,000 imams present at the chief minister's meeting. Later, the emergency lights were switched on. And the full supply was available only after half-an-hour. The stadium is under the state sports department, but the maintenance work is done by the PWD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12553521", "title": "Blazing sun can cool house", "text": "Summer is here and most people will be cooling their heels, quite literally, inside their air-conditioned homes. But overdependence on these energy-guzzling devices-ACs-has prompted scientists to explore others alternatives. The latest alternative on stream is solar airconditioning at Solar Energy Centre at Gual Pahari village in Gurgaon. Incredible as it may sound, 13 rooms are being cooled at this research station using solar energy. In other buildings, minor alterations in the structures are helping minimize the need for airconditioners.At the Solar Energy Centre, director and scientist 'F' S K Sinha's room has a solar air-conditioner next to a conventional air-conditioner. As the temperature is rising, Sinha and his colleagues have completely stopped using conventional air-conditioners. \"Middle-income households in Delhi are increasingly switching over to ACs from coolers. All offices have airconditioners. We are trying to bring down the use of conventional airconditioners. The solar airconditioner was installed last year and this is the first time we are using it,\" Sinha said.This would mean that the cooling effect would be the maximum on the hottest day. This airconditioner works by capturing solar radiation through 288 sqm of solar collectors at the campus. It generates 60kW of pressurized hot water. The heat from this water further generates chilled water with a temperature of 7 degrees Celsius, which is circulated through a fan coil unit installed in all 13 rooms.\"A remote control is used to monitor the temperature and humidity in the rooms like any other airconditioner. One cannot make out the difference. This building also has a 'passive solar' architecture, which further contributes to the cooling effect,\" said project fellow Himanshu Jaiswal. While ACs normally installed in houses have a cooling capacity of one to two tonnes, the solar airconditioning set-up has a capacity of 30 tonnes with no energy consumption from the grid.But it's still time before dependence on conventional ACs can be brought down significantly. These experimental devices will first be used in larger buildings, said scientists. Modular solar coolers for homes are being manufactured in parts of Europe , especially Germany , said director, energy environment technology development division, The Energy and Resource Institute (TERI), Amit Kumar. But for now if you are keen on buying airconditioners for your home, energy efficient airconditioners may marginally reduce the electricity bill. Amit added, \"I would suggest that people buy five-star rated airconditioners. It is the least we can do.\"For architect and adviser to Delhi Urban Art Commission, Vinod Gupta , who has been involved in research projects for incorporating solar heating and natural cooling in buildings, airconditioners are a last resort for buildings in Delhi. \"I suggest evaporative coolers. These are different from the usual desert coolers because they allow you to control humidity, and the noise and blast of air, which is typical of coolers. But cooling in buildings is much more than just fixing a cooler or an AC. We use a variety of passive solar and evaporative cooling techniques to bring the temperature down,\" he said.'Passive solar' is the use of sun's energy to heat or cool living spaces. Gupta says that he uses various processes like having a terrace garden that cools down the building's roof; he sometimes has an arrangement of vertical shafts fixed with evaporators, insulated walls, he also makes sure there are enough trees around the building to keep it cool. Some buildings have tiles fixed on the roof to radiate the sun's heat.\"There is usually a 70 to 80% reduction in energy consumption if these techniques are applied,\" added Gupta. Some of the buildings are using a combination of air conditioners and evaporative cooling methods to keep their energy bills limited. These features have been implemented in buildings like The American Institute, Teri Retreat, ITC Centre of Excellence in Gurgaon and other buildings in Delhi and Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12551662", "title": "Can\u2019t sit for JEE if you opt out of IIT", "text": "NEW DELHI: Students who leave an IIT course midway can be barred from taking the next year's entrance examination, the Delhi high court has said.Justice Hima Kohli upheld the decision of IIT authorities to refuse admit card to one Prateek Rohilla, who withdrew his admission to Indian Institute of Technology Madras after paying the registration fee last year. Rohilla wanted to appear in the IIT-JEE-2012 scheduled for April 8.HC agreed with the argument of IIT authorities that such attempts by candidates, who once qualify in IIT-JEE and later seek to withdraw the seat allocated to them, resulted in immense financial strain on the institute. \"In this attempt, the institute would have to keep a seat vacant not just in the first year but right through the course that may extend up to five years as in the present case,\" the court said.\"Apart from this, the course is extremely prestigious and every seat is precious and cannot be permitted to be wasted in such a manner,\" it said, refusing to accept Rohilla's petition.Rohilla moved the court against the IIT decision after it informed him that he cannot reappear for IIT-JEE 2012 exam as last year he withdrew his admission after paying the registration fee. In 2011, Rohilla after qualifying in the IIT-JEE under the scheduled castes category got admission in engineering design (automotive engineering), a five-year M-Tech dual degree course at IIT-Madras.By making an online payment, Rohilla deposited Rs 20,000 towards non-refundable registration fees and confirmed the admission but did not turn up at IIT-Madras to attend classes. Later, he again applied for the 2012 IIT entrance test under the general category. On his application IIT-Delhi, organizing the test, informed him that his application stood cancelled as he was ineligible. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12552209", "title": "Uncountable misery from maths for GUJCET students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of HSC (science) who appeared for Gujarat Common Entrance Test (GUJCET) carrying 40 per cent weight age for the final result for admissions had a stressful day on Thursday. After writing a tough physics paper, most of the students were reduced to tears when they came out after writing the maths paper which was dubbed to be the most difficult.It needs mention that the maths paper in the board exams too was very difficult and a PIL has been filed on the issue in the court by parents. The tough GUJCET paper, many students broke down.\"It was an extremely difficult paper. Most of the questions were lengthy, involving four to five steps which are not expected in a multiple choice question ( MCQ ) paper.It was supposed to be written in 60 minutes, but would require at least two hours to be properly attempted. The paper has left me and my friends jittery about the results\", Shiva Verma, an HSC (science) student of AG School said.Outside the GUJCET exam centers, a number of students were seen coming out in tears when they met their parents.It was a cause of concern for the parents as well who saw their wards depressed. Many parents called up subject teachers and parents of other students of HSC (science) to ascertain if the paper was difficult for all or their child has singularly not done well.Maths teacher Sanjay Patel said that the paper was too tough for average and even above average students to answer in one hour. He also said that question number 14 of the C set of the question paper had a printing mistake.Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) chairman R R Varsani said that the board has ordered a review of the paper. There does not seem to be any mistakes in the paper. However, if there is any problem, justice would be done to the students. Earlier on the day, the physics paper too was difficult and lengthy. Anushka Patel, a HSC (science) student of St Xavier's School said, \"The paper was the toughest as compared to papers of last five years. Many toppers of my school too were reduced to tears when they came out of the center. Most of us are going to be a worried lot,\" said Patel.High drama at three GUJCET exam centersAhmedabad: There was high drama at three exam centers of GUJCET where parents charged that their wards were not allowed break and were given the exam paper three minutes later.IN CN Vidyalaya, parents barged into the school campus where the GUJCET paper was being taken after their wards were not reportedly allowed to come out of exam halls even after two papers were over. The parents had come there with refreshments but when the students did not come out, they climbed walls and gates to get into the campus. When the door was opened, parents rushed in which led to rumors that parents broke into the exam center.In Vikas Gruh, Paldi parents complained to the DEO that their wards were given the GUJCET paper which began at 10 am late by 10-12 minutes. They said that the students were not then given extra time, saying this was an injustice to the students.In Turf High School in Naranpura, students complained that they were given papers seven minutes late.GSHSEB chairman R R Varsani said that the board officials checked and the papers were not given late in any of these centers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12552186", "title": "Marx, Engels out of history syllabus?", "text": "KOLKATA: At last, here's news of some poriborton that has eluded people of the state even after Trinamool Congress came to power. And higher secondary students are the ones who are set to reap the \"benefits\" directly, if there are any at all.After a couple of decades, the syllabus of history in schools is likely to be radically overhauled. In the new syllabus, Marx, Engels and Bolsheviks will make way for democratic movements across the post-Cold War world. But if you're trying to find a political angle in it, take a pause. The committee has vociferously rebuffed any such possibility.\"It is a complete misconception that we are doing away with Marxist movements or communism from history. In our recommendations, we have only suggested to include democratic movements, invasions by various explorers and the 20th century history. While elaborating on the theme, we have brought in Latin America , China as well as various movements in India. Also, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka have been included keeping in mind their significance in the post 1947 era,\" said Avik Mazumdar, chairman of the syllabus reform committee. The recommendations will be submitted next week.Mazumdar claimed the syllabus during the Left regime was lopsided. \"It highlighted only the communist movements. We have omitted Russian revolution, but kept Lenin and the Chinese revolution in the syllabus. If we had any intention to leave out communisms, then why did we include Chinese revolution, Lenin? It is unfair if the children are only taught about these theories and they do not have any understanding of Green Revolution, Chipko movement or Nelson Mandela ,\" he rued.The committee chairman also said that Marx and Engels were not \"great\" characters in history but they have been taught since they are part of the syllabus of approach to history. \"Lenin is still relevant for his contribution on imperialism. So are few others. It is unfair to claim that we have kept communism away.\"The new recommendations also suggest that the students of the state board may get an exposure to the literary genius of stalwarts who has introduced Indian writings to the west. Works of Amitav Ghosh , Jhumpa Lahiri , Mulk Raj Anand, Vikram Seth , R K Narayan, Anita Desai , Upamanyu Chatterjee and Arundhuti Roy are all set to be part of the English syllabus for Classes XI and XII.\"Students have been prone to rote learning for quite some time. In order to discourage this habit and inculcate literary sense among students, it was important to give them books to which they could relate. Indian English literature has undergone structural and syntactical changes over the past few decades. We think it is time to introduce students to their writings,\" said Muktinath Chattopadhyay, president of West Bengal Higher Secondary Council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12552757", "title": "Maharashtra has no database on land: CAG", "text": "MUMBAI: Pointing out several lapses in land management in Mumbai, for reasons ranging from official ineptness to collusion, the comptroller and auditor general's report said, \"Being a premium asset with increasing value, land management is to be dealt with judiciously. However, neither the government nor the collector has any database of land.\"The report, yet to be tabled in the assembly, exposes selective allotments made by several state ministers, not the least former CM Vilasrao Deshmukh. According to the report, a 23,840 sq m plot in suburban Borivali was allotted to the Manjara Charitable Trust by the government on September 28, 2005, when Deshmukh was the state's CM, for opening a dental college at an occupancy price of Rs 6.56 crore. Deshmukh is a patron of the trust. \"It was noticed that out of four applicants for the plot, the CM approved application of the Manjara charitable trust in preference to the other three applicants without assigning any specific reason,\" the report, whose purported contents were given to the media in a CD by the opposition, said.No work was carried out for four years after taking possession and in 2011, the trust wanted to alter the purpose of use of land from setting up a dental college to educational activity as it was not in a position to start the college. \"This reveals that requisitioning of the land was just with an intention to holding on to it. As per ready reckoner of 2006, the market value of the land was Rs 30.37 crore... the trust got to retain it by paying merely Rs 6.56 crore,\" the report said.Rattled by the allegations, Congress and NCP ministers said the leaking of the report before it was discussed in the House was a move to embarrass the government. \"The report can be easily discussed in the public accounts committee (PAC), which is headed by the opposition,\" said NCP MLA Nawab Malik. \"This is nothing but politics,\" said a senior minister.There were various other contraventions in Mumbai, according to the report. They include irregularities in allotment of land for housing and education, and misuse of land allotted at concessional rates. Among them also are irregular permissions for redevelopment, subsidized land left vacant for years, short recovery of occupancy rates charged by the collector, needless waiver of license fee, and non-recovery of lease rent.One of the glaring examples of official apathy highlighted in the CAG report is of a 22,844 sq m land in Kandivli that was allotted for setting up industrial units. Seventeen of these units changed hands many times but never was this information collated by the concerned departments. This failure led to the non-recovery of Rs 36.31 crore since the government is entitled to 50% of the sale value of an allotted land, also called \"unearned income\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "rajahmundry", "code": "12551769", "title": "Congress\u2019s campaign against Jagan", "text": "RAJAHMUNDRY: In a clear move to queer the pitch for Jaganmohan Reddy's plan to undertake a door-to-door campaign in East Godavari, the ruling Congress launched a similar drive here on Thursday.Coinciding with Jagan's tour in the district, Amalapuram MP Harsha Kumar flagged off a 'gadapa gadapaku Jagan avineeti yatra' with a large participation of National Students' Union of India (NSUI) activists. Spitting fire at the Kadapa MP, Harsha Kumar alleged that Jagan had amassed crores of rupees during his father late Y S Rajasekhara Reddy's tenure through land allotments to industrialists and others.The door-to-door campaign against Jagan's 'corrupt deeds' was being taken out by 1,000 members of the NSUI, a student wing of the Congress, which has more than 8,000 members in East Godavari district alone. District president of the NSUI M Babu Rao said that they would undertake the campaign for one and a half month in all the 19 constituencies of the district.The NSUI would launch the yatra in the Ramachandrapuram constituency in a couple of days where byelections would be held soon. \"We will not only highlight Jagan's corruption, but also educate the masses about the welfare schemes introduced by the Congress government,\" Babu Rao said. He alleged that Jagan had spent Rs 120 crore on the elections in Kadapa and expressed the apprehension that the YSR Congress leader would flex his money power again in the upcoming bypolls in 18 constituencies.Earlier, the Amalapuram MP, who launched the yatra from Kotagummam area, said, \"Because of him, the entire finance system has gone to the dogs.\" Harsha Kumar wondered why the CBI failed to arrest Jagan though he was named accused number 1 in the chargesheet in the illegal assets case.Meanwhile, Jagan launched his campaign from Pasalapudi by addressing a road show. He would be camping in the Ramachandrapuram constituency for three days where former minister Pilli Subhash Chandra Bose would be contesting the bypolls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12552497", "title": "Raje accuses Gehlot of intimidating community leaders though CBI", "text": "JAIPUR: Leader of opposition and former chief minister Vasundhara Raje on Thursday alleged that the Ashok Gehlot government was selectively targeting leaders to scare certain castes and communities.Raje was addressing a press conference at the party headquarters soon after the arrest of BJP leader Rajendra Rathore.\"Rathore has been implicated on the basis of imaginary and baseless allegations. This is not the story of just one caste; this is the story of every caste and community whose leaders are in jail today,\" the leader of opposition said, referring to Jat leader Mahipal Maderna and Bishnoi leader Malkhan Singh who are under arrest in the Bhanwari Devi murder case.Congress state president Chandrabhan later accused Raje of dishonoring the Supreme Court and spreading animosity among different communities of the state. He said the leader of opposition was suffering from a \"guilty conscious\" as many more BJP leaders are likely to be implicated in the Dara Singh encounter case.\"BJP should demonstrate moral strength and suspend Rathore from the party to honour the public sentiment against him. The CBI has filed a chargesheet against him and there are prima facie evidences against him,\" Chandrabhan said in a statement. He pointed out that Raje had earlier expressed faith in the CBI when it was investigating the Bhanwari Devi case. \"Now that her party leader has been arrested, she is questioning the agency's neutrality,\" Chandrabhan said.Earlier at the press conference, the leader of opposition alleged that the state's Congress government was demoralizing the police and pitching the communities against each other. More than a dozen policemen, including and an ADG and an IG-rank officer are in jail for the fake encounter of October 2006.Raje targeted the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre, too. She accused the Congress of turning the CBI into its tool to settle political scores. \"We cautioned the (Congress) leaders in Delhi also against this trend,\" she said, in an apparent reference to the BJP's recent lobbying in favour of Rathore with the power centres in New Delhi.The former chief minister alleged that chief minister Gehlot misused the CBI in the Bhanwari Devi case as well as the Gopalgarh police firing matter. \"Gehlot is trying to hide his failures by putting the political figures in jail. He attempted to implicate the RSS people also in the past but failed,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12554326", "title": "First swine flu case detected this year in Himachal Pradesh", "text": "SHIMLA: The first case of swine flu in Himachal Pradesh this year was detected on Wednesday after a 55-year-old woman resident of Sarkaghat in Mandi tested positive at the Indira Gandhi Medical College and Hospital (IGMC&H;) here.Swine flu surveillance officer Omesh Bharti said, \"The patient from Mandi with high fever and chest infection was kept under surveillance in the isolation ward at IGMC&H; for two days.\"He added that since swine flu cases were detected in Maharashtra, the surveillance unit in Himachal had sounded an alert in all the district hospitals, as well in all medical colleges for any suspected cases. We have also upgraded the testing facility at IGMC&H; for better detection of H1N1 cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551607", "title": "South Bombay traffic curbs for IPL matches drawn up", "text": "MUMBAI: With the city set to host cricket matches for season 5 of the Indian Premier League (IPL), the traffic police have gone all out to ensure that there's no traffic congestion on roads leading to stadiums.Eight matches will be held at Wankhede Stadium. The first match is scheduled on Friday. The other matches will be held on April 11, 16, 22 and 29 and May 6, 9 and 16.The traffic police have come out with plans to ensure that spectators can watch the matches without causing inconvenience to others. Roads around the stadium have been classified as one-way from 1pm to 9pm for matches taking place in the afternoon, and from 5pm to 12am for evening matches.\"D Road shall be one-way for all vehicles from its junction with N S Road (Marine Drive) to its junction of E and C Road. C Road shall be one-way from its junction of E Road to its junction of N S Road. E Road shall be one-way from its junction of D Road to its junction of C Road. These arrangements will stay in effect on those days when the matches are on,\" a statement issued by the traffic department said.Parking of all vehicles in the vicinity of the stadium will be prohibited from 1pm to 9pm for afternoon matches and 5pm to 12am for evening matches. Parking has been banned on parts of D Road, E Road, F Road and E Cross Road, south-bound stretch of N S Road and M K Road.\"We have identified designated spots for parking. The gymkhanas on Marine Drive, the area behind Trident Hotel, Dorabji Tata Road in Nariman Point, NCPA Road, CR-II mall, Maharshi Karve Road and the area near Samrat restaurant have been designated as parking spots,\" said an official.The police will also put up signboards to guide spectators. \"The signboards will be put up on Bandra-Worli Sea Link, Bindu Madhav Thackeray Chowk, the Haji Ali stretch, near CST, Churchgate, Hutatma Chowk and Regal cinema,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12552170", "title": "Uprooted tree triggers gas leak", "text": "KOLKATA: A disaster was averted in the early hours of Thursday when coal gas seeped into homes located near Harish Park, on Harish Mukherjee Road, after a gigantic banyan tree punctured a gas pipeline before crashing on the road just before it turns busy. What made the situation worse was that the tree was not removed till about 11am, keeping the arterial road blocked for six hours.\"Open the windows so that the gas flows out and do not light the gas to prepare morning tea,\" the uniformed men told residents.The banyan tree with the trunk measuring nearly 5 metre in diameter was rocked by Wednesday night's squall and stood precariously all night before a light breeze around 5.45am pushed it beyond the tipping point. The 40-feet tree swayed, creaked, yanked out a huge chunk of concrete from the footpath and the gas pipeline laid below, before crashing on the road and blocking it completely. A taxi parked on the opposite pavement was dented when a branch fell on it.\"The tree fell with a loud thud, causing the ground to shake. As we opened the window to see what had happened, the nauseating smell of coal gas rushed in. Clearly, the underground gas pipeline had ruptured,\" said local Nimai Saha.Firefighters from the nearby Kalighat fire station saved the day, promptly knocking at doors in the neighbourhood and warning residents not to use switchboards or strike a match.Had the tree fallen a little later when the street gets busy, it would have crushed cars and led to casualties. \"The street gets busy around 6am with many south Kolkata residents driving to the Maidan for a morning walk,\" said local Biswanath Dey.However, both the fire brigade and the police arrived within half an hour. The staff of Greater Calcutta Gas Supply Corporation Ltd (GCGSCL), supplying piped coal gas tp four consumers on Harish Mukherjee Road, was also alerted. The fire brigade team arrived within half hour as did the police. The latter alerted the staff of Greater Calcutta Gas Supply Corporation Ltd that supplies piped coal gas to four consumers on Harish Mukherjee Road, including Gokhale College.\"We reached the spot around 7am but could begin work much later when the mess could be cleared,\" said GCGSCL mechanic Gokul Pal.The Kolkata Police disaster management group and as well as the Kolkata Municipal Corporation team also arrived within an hour of the incident. Though armed with electric hacksaws, the men struggled for five hours. Meanwhile, traffic police had a tough time diverting cars bound for the central business district from south Kolkata.Though most motorists were too pressed for time to bother about what had happened, some did stop and express surprise that a tree that had toppled before 6am had not yet been cleared by 10am on a road as busy as this. \"Most motorists prefer this road during rush hours because there aren't too many buses and traffic flows smoothly. I wonder what would have happened if more trees had been uprooted in the storm and the storm not been brief,\" wondered businessman Abhishek Agarwal wondered aloud.It was only after 11am that the branches had been severed, allowing a heavy duty crane to move in to shift the massive trunk without causing any further damage. The road was finally cleared for traffic at 11.55am, nearly six hours after the tree had blocked it.Incidentally, the tree had been weakened because of the neglect of civic staff. Though a breach had occurred in a water hydrant located next to the tree, it had not been properly repaired. The steady leakage of water had loosened the soil around the root, making it vulnerable. It was only a matter of time before the wobbly tree succumbed to a Nor'wester. Wednesday night's squall wrote its epitaph.As many as 50 full grown trees were uprooted by Wednesday's Nor'wester, said Debasish Chakraborty, the officer on special duty overseeing the KMC parks. Chakraborty said that it was an uphill task to clear major thoroughfares of the uprooted trees since these trees lay scattered across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12556059", "title": "22,000 H-1B visa applications filed in four days", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US Citizenship and Immigration Services has received about 22,000 petitions for the much sought after H-1B work visas in the first four days after it started accepting applications on April 2, officials said.\"We have received approximately 22,000 H-1B petitions for the fiscal 2013 beginning October 1 this year,\" US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) spokesperson Bill Wright said.The USCIS official, however, was quick to note that these are preliminary figures.The 22,000 H-1B petitions received in the first four days are from both the categories: Congressionally mandated cap of 65,000 in the general category and another 20,000 in the advance degree category.Even these preliminary figures indicate that there has been quite an increase in the H-1B petitions this year as compared to the previous two years, it is much less than the previous years when the cap was reached on the very first day.In 2011, in the first week, the USCIS had received approximately 5,900 H-1B petitions counting toward the 65,000 cap, and approximately 4,500 petitions toward the 20,000 cap exemption for individuals with advanced degrees.In 2010, USCIS had received only 13,500 petitions in the Congressionally mandated cap of 65,000 in the first week and approximately 5,600 petitions for individuals with advanced degree.USCIS, in 2009, had received 42,000 H-1B applications under the Congressional mandated quota of 65,000 in the first week.In the advanced degree category it received about similar number of applications.US businesses use the H-1B programme to employ foreign workers in speciality occupations that require theoretical or technical expertise in specialised fields, such as scientists, engineers, or computer programmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551756", "title": "State: Recalibrate e-meters by May 31", "text": "MUMBAI: From June 1, the transport department will take punitive action against taxi drivers who fail to re-calibrate their e-meters.Drivers have, so far, refused to re-calibrate the meters as they expect another rise in fares. after the fare hike (from Rs 16 to Rs 17). Apparently, they are waiting for another fare hike of two rupees so that they dont have to stand in the long queues twice. Also, they are fighting over the increasing costs of recalibration (something between Rs 500 to Rs 1,000 at meter repair shops).An official said, \"Taxi drivers have a deadline of May 31. From June 1, we will fine them and people must pay exactly by meters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12553234", "title": "Shobha yatra marks Mahavir Jayanti", "text": "KANPUR: On the occasion of Mahavir Jayanti on Thursday, Jains and devotees of Lord Mahavira took out a Shobha Yatra.The Shobha Yatra commenced from Bada Mandir in Generalganj. Hundreds of devotees, dancing and chanting bhajans took part in the Shobha Yatra. The yatra was welcomed by people in the areas from where it passed.Accompanying a chariot carrying an idol of Lord Mahavira, the devotees enthusiastically took part in the yatra. The yatra is said to be oldest in the state.Devotees also thronged the Jain temple in Anandpuri. Bhajans were recited on the occasion. 'Prasad' was given to the devotees. The teachings of Lord Mahavira were recalled and devotees told to abide by them.The joy and merriment continued for the entire day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12553338", "title": "Sudden weather change short-lived: Met", "text": "VARANASI: The short spell of rainfall and dust storm on Thursday was an outcome of the rising temperatures leading to low pressure. It is expected to further increase the hot conditions in the region in the coming days.If experts are to be believed, the sudden change in weather condition that led to dust storm followed by rain on Thursday afternoon was due to low pressure created in western Uttar Pradesh, which travelled to middle and eastern parts of the state on Thursday morning.According to Prof S N Pandey, research scientist at department of geophysics, Banaras Hindu University (BHU), the moisture laden, warm and humid air was coming from the Bay of Bengal while a low pressure created in the region due to continuously rising temperature produced cool and dry air in the atmosphere. These two kinds of air in the atmosphere produced a cyclonic air in north-eastern Madhya Pradesh , parts of Chhattisgarh and eastern UP, leading to dust storm and rainfall. \"However, this cyclonic air is supposed to be short lived,\" he added.It is worth mentioning here that the temperature has been continuously rising since April 1 with the maximum being 39.0 degree Celsius which reached 42.0 degree Celsius on Wednesday. At the same time, the minimum temperature also increased from 18.6 degree Celsius to 23.1 degree Celsius in the four days' time. And experts are also of the opinion that the temperatures will rise even more after this change in the weather.However, the dust storm that swept cross the entire region was more harmful for the wheat crop. According to Dr R P Singh, director, Institute of Agricultural Sciences (IAS), BHU while most of the rabi crops have already been harvested, the wheat crop is still to be harvested. \"The windy conditions are expected to damage the wheat crop and will increase the cost and effort of harvesting wheat,\" he added. According to the meteorology department, the maximum speed of the wind that swept across the region was 63 km per seconds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12552124", "title": "I'll do whatever Didi says: SRK", "text": "KOLKATA: A generous bite into Bengal's delectable snack-fish fry-floored Shah Rukh Khan on Thursday, prompting the Bollywood Badshah to waive his multi-crore fee to promote Brand Bengal.\"The only fee I will charge is free platters of fish fry every time I am here,\" the megastar said after savouring the fried bekti fillet during a 40-minute meeting with chief minister Mamata Banerjee at the state secretariat.\"The fried fish was so good that I have to keep coming to the Writers' Buildings more often for repeat helping,\" he said.Beyond fish and chips, there is hard economics subtly at play with Bengal's new poster boy ensuring tax concessions for Kolkata Knight Riders. In a spot of bother after KMC rejected the cheque for Rs 25 lakh by SRK's company Red Chillies Entertainment on Wednesday and even warned that services like water and conservancy might be affected during IPL encounters at Eden Gardens, sources said Shah Rukh broached the subject before the CM and was assured there would be no trouble.At KMC headquarters, Civic officials softened their stand dramatically on Thursday, virtually dropping the Rs 72 lakh demand for the eight IPL matches slated this year and Rs 20 lakh in dues last year. Senior officials said following a communique from Writers', deputy mayor Farzana Alam asked officials to accept whatever amount Red Chillies had to offer.Clad in tees and denim, the superstar owner of Kolkata Knight Riders was at his charming best, parrying googlies from reporters.\"It is you who think in terms of publicity. For me, it is all about love. I don't need publicity and nor does Bengal. I agreed to become the state's brand ambassador to repay the love that citizens of Bengal have showered on me during the past four editions of IPL. Through the promos, we will showcase the proud city and state,\" he said.On when and how he intended to promote the state in the 'Beautiful Bengal' campaign, Shah Rukh said he was yet to sit with the creative and production team to discuss the promos. Sources said the star is likely to sport a dhoti as he had done in Sanjay Leela Bhansali's 'Devdas' based on the novel by Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay.\"Beyond the nitty gritty of shooting, there is the larger picture on how the state wants to be promoted.I will do whatever Didi says,\" Shah Rukh said, flashing the dimpled impish smile at Mamata standing beside him.Charmed by the superhero, the CM acceded to the KKR owner's request to accompany him to the season-opener versus Delhi Daredevils .\"Shah Rukh, whom I proudly call my brother, has requested me to attend the match and I have agreed to go to Eden Gardens,\" she said, before jumping into the front seat of her Santro as Shah Rukh climbed onto the rear seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12552552", "title": "Jewellers all across India to meet Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "JAIPUR: Jewellers from all over India including Rajasthan will meet the Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Friday. However, even before the meeting they have made it clear that no alternative solution is acceptable to them other than the complete rollback of excise duty.\"We want a complete rollback of excise duty and urge the finance minister to seriously look into the matter. It is very difficult to comply with the legalities of excise and we fear that it will bring back inspector raj,\" said Subhash Gupta, president of Rajasthan sarafa traders' committee. Gupta is among the two members from Rajasthan who will join the delegation in New Delhi.The gems and jewellery traders' strike has already entered its 20{+t}{+h} day with an estimated loss of Rs 20,000 crore so far. The traders have warned the government that if their demands are not met or there is any fall out, they will intensify their protests. \"We have many demands but the immediate one that we will put forth is rolling back of the excise duty. We will request finance minister for it but if there is any fall out in the talks we will continue with our agitation,\" added Gupta.As per the estimates, the government incurred a direct loss of Rs 700 crore through custom duty, whereas the industry faced a revenue loss of about Rs 20,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12554071", "title": "Yeddyurappa lauds chief minister for drought relief work", "text": "HUBLI: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa took officials to task and said they should visit drought-affected areas, provide water to the people and fodder in the goshaala (cow shed).Speaking to reporters in Gadag before leaving for Bijapur on Thursday, Yeddyurappa lauded chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda for his initiative taken in drought relief works in the state.He said, \"Officials are sleeping. They have to wake up and work towards helping people by implementing drought relief works in the state properly, instead of doing video conferences.\"Former CM BS Yeddyurappa is on a tour of drought-hit places in North Karnataka region and visited Gadag on Thursday.Yeddyurappa said he will submit a report on the drought relief works to Sadananda Gowda next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12551004", "title": "Less child deaths in Melghat: Sule", "text": "AMRAVATI: If the data provided by the zilla parishad is to be believed, the situation in malnutrition-affected Melghat has improved after the government started providing assistance to better the life of tribals. As per the data, Melghat reported 100 less child deaths compared to last year, said NCP leader and MP Supriya Sule .Sule was in the city on Wednesday to attend the pre-launch meet of Rashtravadi Yuvati Congress, the girls' wing of NCP, to be formally established on June 10.Addressing a press conference, Sule said that she convened a meeting of officials to get update on malnutrition in the wake of her visit to Melghat some months back. The data revealed that there was a decline in malnutrition deaths. Sule said that Bollywood actor Aamir Khan will soon be seen on television campaigning for anti-malnutrition programme.When asked about the suggestions she had given to tackle malnutrition after visiting Melghat, Sule said micro nutrients are very important. \"We are mulling over the ways the government could provide micro nutrients.\" The 'Take Home Ration' scheme has been banned in Melghat but it is continuing in other parts of the state, she said in reply to a question. If the administration continued its efforts, malnutrition would be a thing of the past in Melghat, she said. \"Since the Amravati ZP president is from NCP, we would work on health, education and employment issues,\" she added.Rashtravadi Yuvati Congress would try to address the problems the girls faced. Sule said the state government was planning to bring a resolution to start an anti-eve teasing campaign in colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12553950", "title": "Civic body drags feet on new road work rates", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Huge difference in the quoted rates of road works as compared to prevailing market rates has forced residents of city to use broken and unrepaired roads. And even after knowing the urgency to bring the rates at par with the prevailing rates to get the works done, civic body seems to be going slow. There are over 10 road works with the road wing of Chandigarh municipal corporation whose tenders have been invited a numbers of times, but no contractor has come forward.According to information MC follows MORTH (ministry of road transport and highways) norms in road works and rates can be revised and brought at par with the prevailing rates. But clearly civic body is not revising these and advertising the same works repeatedly with old rates.\"The advertisement of tender for each road work takes Rs 4,000 to 10,000 and for many such works we have to advertise tenders again and again. This is all a futile exercise if nobody comes to take the work,\" said employee of the engineering wing of MC. Municipal councillor Arun Sood, while taking to TOI, said, \"Rates are intentionally not being revised. This is a clear indication that there is something fishy in the working of municipal corporation. Even in my ward many such works are pending from many months. This indicates a clear lack on the part of both, bureaucracy and engineers, ultimately paralyzing MC.\"\"I have personally talked to the officials a number of times on the issue of revision of rates so that works could be allotted, but all my efforts have been wasted,\" said another municipal councillor Gurcharan Dass Kala.When asked, MC chief engineer S S Bidda said, \"We advertise tenders for all the works as per prescribed norms, but there are some works for which contractors don't come citing reasons like security of raw material, among others. We are trying our best to allot all the works.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "12556408", "title": "India, China to lead urban population growth over next 40 years", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: India and China will witness unprecedented increase in their urban populations in the next four decades, posing new challenges of providing jobs, energy housing and infrastructure to their people, a UN report said.The UN's '2011 Revision of the World Urbanisation Prospects' said Africa and Asia will lead the global urban population growth in the next four decades with the largest increases expected in India, China, Nigeria, US and Indonesia.India will add another 497 million to its urban population between 2010 to 2050, while China will see 341 million people moving into urban cities followed by Nigeria (200 million), the US (103 million) and Indonesia (92 million).The projected increase in urban population in India and Nigeria between 2010 and 2050 will be higher than that of the past 40 years.This trend is particularly prominent in Nigeria, where its urban population grew by only 65 million between 1970 and 2010, but is projected to increase by 200 million between 2010 and 2050 -- the third largest increase in urban population of all countries of the world.Africa's urban population will increase from 414 million to over 1.2 billion by 2050 while that of Asia will soar from 1.9 billion to 3.3 billion.The UN said both regions would together account for 86 per cent of all increase in the world's urban population.\"This unprecedented increase in urban population will provide new opportunities to improve education and public services in Africa and Asia, as more concentrated populations become easier to reach,\" a UN release said yesterday.However, it warned that the trend would also \"pose new challenges of providing urban jobs, housing, energy and infrastructure to mitigate urban poverty, expansion of slums and deterioration of the urban environment\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12552606", "title": "Classmates meet after 34 years but with a twist", "text": "JAIPUR: Call it destiny or unexpected turn of events, two classmates who had gone their separate ways almost 34 years ago met again, but in a way which no one had foreseen. One became a prominent politician in Rajasthan, while the other turned out to be a promising lawyer notching his place as the special public prosecutor (PP) for Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).The politician is now behind bars for allegedly conspiring to kill a small-time liquor smuggler Dara Singh, while his lawyer friend has been assigned the job to prosecute him. The politician is former minister and BJP leader Rajendra Singh Rathore who was arrested by the CBI on Thursday and the lawyer is Sarfaraz Haider Khan, appointed as special PP by the CBI.When the two came face-to-face in the court after almost 34 years, pleasantries were exchanged. However, Khan vehemently opposed all the applications filed by the defence lawyers just as his job compelled him to do.\"I and Rathore were pursuing LLB together from Rajasthan Law College in 1977. We knew each-other. Then both passed out and went our different ways,\" said Khan.He added that Rathore went on to become a prominent politician. \"He was elected MLA and then became a minister in the previous BJP government, while, I practiced law. Over the past 30 years, I neither spoke to him nor got in touch with him,\" said Khan.In the court on Thursday, Rathore was placed under custody during lunchtime in another courtroom. The court was to resume after lunch. The politician was surrounded by at least 15 prominent BJP politicians including MLAs and MPs who had come to show their solidarity at the time of crisis. When Khan walked in Rathore recognized him as his classmate.\"I had lost touch with Rathore. Now, he is an accused for me and I will try to prosecute him to the best of my ability,\" Khan added. Khan remained a thorough professional in court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12553541", "title": "Cooking gas turns dear, leads to snatching of cylinders in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Your LPG cylinder or your life! Don't be surprised if you hear this in the city. While most thieves go straight for gold or hard cash, two men curiously made away with cooking gas cylinders from a house in Royapettah on Wednesday.When their 81-year-old victim caught them in the act, she recounted, they seemed desperate: \"We need your cylinders,\" they said tersely, before escaping with their loot on a motorcycle.The elderly woman, Vasantha Krishnan, who lives on Lakshmipuram Main Street in Royapettah, told the police that she was astonished to see the thieves carting away the gas cylinders. Her son, P R Ravindran, lodged a case with the police shortly after the incident.\"I was cooking in the kitchen when the robbers slipped into the house. For safety, we keep our gas cylinders in a garage abutting the kitchen. They are connected to the gas stove in the kitchen through a small opening in the wall,\" she said. \"The garage was locked with a chain. The thieves broke the chain to enter and steal the gas.\"Krishnan said she heard some noise around 11.15 am and the flame of the gas burner flickered and died. When she saw the thieves carrying away the cylinders, she shouted to alert the neighbors but no one heard her.An LPG cylinder costs 5,000 to 7,000 in the grey market. Oil company sources said thieves sell the stolen cylinders to illegal gas-filling units.\"When I called the gas dealer, he said I would have to pay 4,000 for new two cylinders, but delivery would take more than three weeks. Our neighbours gave us their extra cylinder for the time being,\" he said. A similar incident was reported from Lloyds Road near Royapettah.Oil company sources said thieves sell the stolen cylinders to illegal gas-filling units. There is no way to trace lost or stolen cylinders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12551397", "title": "Sule draws ire over Vid remarks", "text": "NAGPUR: The statement of Supriya Sule , daughter of NCP supremo Sharad Pawar , that Vidarbha's public representatives have been unable to lobby for the region has drawn flak from many MLAs and politicians. They feel NCP played a major in exploiting the region and now are blaming its people and public representatives for the region's backward. One MLA pointed out that many times state government had not allocated funds to every region as decided by the governor. In this budget too, Vidarbha had not been given its justified share. A few, however, concurred with Sule's opinion.Strangely, two protagonists of statehood MP Vilas Muttemwar and Devendra Fadnavis refused to comment. However, independent MLA Anil Bonde from Amravati district said that politicians did not allow any strong leader to emerge from Vidarbha. \"On paper, Marotrao Kannamwar was the chief minister but Yashwantrao Chavan had the remote control. Chavan also called the shots when Vasantrao Naik was the CM for 13 years. In the last ten years, not a single MLA from the region has been given an important post. We have to be content with animal husbandry, social welfare, etc.,\" he said.On Sule's claim that people of Vidarbha seemed content, Bonde said politicians from Western Maharashtra exploited the region but neither Vidarbhaites nor the local politicians realized this. \"Unfortunately, this exploitation is going on even now. The prime example is host of power plants in the region,\" Bonde rued.Sena MLA Ashish Jaiswal concurred with Bonde's views. \"Vidarbha never had real power. The region has been exploited for years. The present budget has nothing much for Vidarbha.\" On Sule's claim that MPs from Vidarbha do not raise issues pertaining to the region, Jaiswal asked what NCP MPs had done in the parliament.Devendra Parekh, president of VED, which had organized Sule' talk, said it was not that public representatives of Vidarbha had not done anything for the region. \"Several bandhs were observed demanding statehood. However, fate was not with us. Chhattisgarh and Uttarakhand got statehood without any effort. However, VED has collected data pertaining to Vidarbha and we will present it at all forums. Our efforts will continue till statehood is achieved,\" he said.Builder T S Renu had a completely different view. He felt that MPs, MLAs and even the common people should take initiative to develop the region. \"When we stage an agitation, not more two to three people participate in it. Our leaders declared a bandh whenever something big happens in Telangana otherwise the issue is completey ignored,\" he said.Vidarbha protagonist Madhukar Kimmatkar, however,concurred with Sule's opinion ruing that MPs and MLAs had not done much for Vidarbha.Ajay Singh, a retired banker, felt Sule was right on some counts but wrong on others. \"It is true that most of our politicians don't try to get justice for the region. However, Sule should have explained what her party had done for the region. NCP has many assembly seats from Vidarbha,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12552147", "title": "2 held for helping woman kill mom-in-law", "text": "GURGAON: Two persons were arrested by the Bilaspur police on Thursday for allegedly helping a woman kill her mother-in-law and later dumping the body in a pond in Mokalwas village. According to the police, the woman had an affair with one of the arrested accused.Earlier on Wednesday, the woman, identified as Kavita, was arrested and produced in court that sent her to judicial custody. Kavita is wife of one Ravi, a resident of Mokalwas village.The two arrested for aiding Kavita in the murder have been identified as Jaiprakash and Pawan Kumar, residents of Kumbhawas and Dhani Chitrsen villages. According to the police, Kavita and Jaiprakash were lovers and when Ravi's mother, Babli (40), came to know of this, the two decided to kill her. With no whereabouts of Babli, her husband Satyanarain lodged a complaint with the police accusing Kavita and Jaiprakash of murdering his wife. The police recovered her body from a village pond on March 28.\" We have recovered mobile phones and the motorcycle on which the body was taken to the pond. The two will be produced in a city court on Friday,\" said Babu Lal, SHO, Bilaspur police station.According to the police, Kavita married Ravi (24) in July last year. Soon after, Babli got suspicious about her daughter-in-law's relationship with Jaiprakash.On March 26, when Satyanarain was not present at home, Jaiprakash had come to meet Kavita who mixed sleeping pills in the food gave it to Ravi and her mother-in-law to eat that night. When both fell unconscious, Kavita called Jaiprakash, who came along with his friend, Pawan. The three then killed Babli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "united nations", "code": "12555676", "title": "Titanic's wreckage to come under UNESCO protection", "text": "UNITED NATIONS: Titanic's wreckage, which has remained at the bottom of the North Atlantic for 100 years, will now come under the protection of the United Nations' cultural body that seeks to safeguard wrecks, decorated caves and other cultural relics underwater.Till now, remains of the Titanic were not eligible for protection under UNESCO's Convention on the Protection of Underwater Cultural Heritage, which applies only to wreckage that has remained submerged for at least 100 years.As 2012 marks the 100th anniversary of the sinking of the Titanic, the ship's wreckage will now come under the cover of the UNESCO convention.\"The sinking of the Titanic is anchored in the memory of humanity and I am pleased that this site can now be protected by the UNESCO Convention,\" UN Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) Director-General Irina Bokova said in a statement yesterday.Bokova called on divers not to dump equipment or commemorative plaques on the Titanic site.Titanic struck an iceberg in the North Atlantic on its maiden voyage and sank on the night of April 14, 1912.The vestiges of the Titanic lie at a depth of 4,000 metres off the coast of Newfoundland. No single nation can claim the site because the wreck is in international waters.States only have jurisdiction over wrecks lying in their own waters and flying their flag.However, from now on states parties to the UNESCO convention can outlaw the destruction, pillage, sale and dispersion of objects found at the site.They can take measures within their power to protect the wreck and ensure that the human remains there are treated with dignity.The convention provides for a system of cooperation between states parties to prevent exploration deemed unscientific or unethical.In accordance with the convention, they also have the authority to seize any illicitly recovered artefacts and close their ports to all vessels undertaking exploration that is not done according to the principles of the treaty.While Bokova expressed satisfaction that the Titanic would now be properly safeguarded, she voiced concern over the damage and looting of the countless other ancient shipwrecks that new technology has made accessible.\"There are thousands of other shipwrecks that need safeguarding as well. All of them are archaeological sites of scientific and historical value.\"They are also the memory of human tragedy that should be treated with respect,\" she said.Adopted in 2001 by the General Conference of UNESCO, the convention aims to ensure better protection of wrecks, sites, decorated caves and other cultural relics underwater.To date, 41 states have ratified the Convention for the Protection of Underwater Cultural Heritage, which entered into force in January 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12552734", "title": "Another bid to smuggle mobile into jail, Saba under lens", "text": "INDORE: The co-accused in the RTI activist Shehla Masood murder, Saba Farooqui, is in the news again. A new mobile phone found from the bushes in the jail premises resembled the one that Saba threw away while she was caught trying to smuggle the phone inside the prison on Tuesday.A couple of days back, police personnel escorting Saba after producing her in the CBI special court to jail noticed her trying to sneek in a mobile phone. Alert police personnel immediately searched her but she threw the handset in the bushes.Police later retrieved the handset which was a new one without a SIM card. On Thursday too the prison staff recovered another mobile handset from the same place. Police suspect this mobile too belongs to Saba as it is of the same make as the previous one recovered.Talking to ToI, Indore district jail superintendent Dinesh Nargawe said, \"The jail employees found the second cell phone in the bushes on the jail premises from where the first cell phone was found when the accused Saba and Zaheda Parvez were being brought to the jail.\"We have apprised the CBI and the court about the recovery of cell phones and are looking as to how the phones reached there\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12554328", "title": "Non-coastal Punjab tops country's fish output", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If the succulent Amritsari fish has swum miles from the winding cobbled lanes of the old border town in Punjab to Delhi and Mumbai's swish parties, the secret lies in Punjab topping the country's fish output.Data on country's fish producing states recently revealed that Punjab topped the charts in fish productivity at 6,560kg per hectare in the financial year 2011-2012.For a state that does not have an inch of marine coastline, Punjab for six years in succession has quietly maintained the number one position in the country with regard to fish production per unit area.\"Even we are surprised that the fish farming at natural water and village ponds has seen a definite rise,\" told Gulzar Singh Ranike.The total annual production for fish in Punjab, however, still lags at 97,000 tonne per year and is yet to enter into the list of top 10 fish producing states.At present, fish farming in Punjab is being practiced in natural water, including river areas like Satluj, Beas, Ravi, Ghaggar and artificial pond water.Soil salinity and waterlogging, agriculture in Punjab often means a single crop in a year and that too where soil has low salt deposits, leading to fishing as alternative farming.\"Most farmers are developing infertile land, which have become unfit for agriculture purposes, small village ponds and low-lying lands for fish farming,\" said Asha Dhawan, Dean, College of Fisheries, Guru Angad Dev Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (GADVASU), Ludhiana.Natural water areas are auctioned annually, giving state a revenue of nearly Rs 2.7 crore.An average fish farm gives the owner earning between Rs 1.5 lakh and Rs 2.5 lakh per hectare, depending on the variety of fish.While natural river water gives the state its famous Singhara and Sole varieties, the exotic breeds such as grass carp, silver carp, common carp and Indian Rohu, Katla, Mrigal are grown in village ponds.The pond varieties sell are procured at Rs 80/kg and sold in market at around Rs 100/kg.Buoyed by the encouraging returns, the fishing department will now impart training to around 10,000 agriculturalists in Punjab to equip them with the hi-tech techniques of fish farming.For the 2012-2017 five year plan, Rs 49,875 lakh has been earmarked to incorporate new techniques in the field of fish farming.However, even as things look rosy for this new evolving industry in Punjab, pollution disrupting water supply remains a bottleneck.\"The heavily contaminated and untreated industrial waste highly toxic wastewater has already led to death of huge tonne of fish at Harike downstream. Our only plea is that government should work more on sanitation now,\" a fish farmer Gurkirat Singh told TOI over the phone.To supplement the efforts of fish farmers, diversify pisciculture and ensure a handsome return, the state government now even has plans to focus on fresh water prawns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12553973", "title": "'Cops\u2019 previous attempts failed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: This is not the first time when Chandigarh Police have tried to check drunken driving. Earlier also police had asked RLA to cancel licences of habitual offenders, but then it came after five or six violations. So far, police have tried various desperate attempts like impounding of vehicles, appealing court for harsher punishment, even imprisonment in some cases, for accused but all their attempts have failed to bear fruits.Chandigarh police had even initiated a special campaign in June 2011 to keep a tab on drunken driving. This campaign was planned for only a couple of weeks but the drastic nature of this offence has forced police to run it till date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12558201", "title": "Odisha hostage crisis: Centre against swap deal with Maoists", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre is keenly observing the hostage situation in Odisha and is believed to be against any swap of prisoners with an abducted MLA and an Italian tour guide.The home ministry is not involved in any way with the negotiations between the Maoists and the Odisha government as the latter has not sought any help, but it is in regular touch with the state government.Ministry officials feel that due to the inability of the Odisha government to take tough stand against the Naxals, the extremists keep abducting prominent people to free their cadres or sympathisers from jails.Reports from Bhubaneswar suggested that the Odisha government decided to release 27 jailed people in return for the release of BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka and Italian Paolo Bosusco taken hostage by two separate Naxal groups.\"The Maoists are taking full advantage of the fact that the Naveen Patnaik government easily succumb to pressure and it is very easy to get someone released from a jail in Odisha through kidnapping,\" an official said.When the Naxals kidnapped then Malkanagiri collector R Veenel Krishan along with a junior engineer last year, the Orissa government agreed to fulfill all 14 demands of the rebels including withdrawal of cases against top CPI (Maoist) leaders Prasadam, Padma and Eswari to facilitate their release from jails.Adequate central security forces are stationed in Odisha, yet the state government has hardly launched any full scale operations against the Maoists leading to the free-run of the rebels in many parts of the state.\"Time has come for the Odisha government to stand up and act tough against the Naxals, else it will have to succumb to their (Maoists) pressure again,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12553351", "title": "Why Imran should have duelled with Rushdie", "text": "You know those hard-toforget moments? The ones that appear randomly as flashbacks.One of my crystallized ones is of the night that Ziaul-Haq's plane crashed. We three siblings were in bedtime mode under the hawklike gaze of my humourless, albeit fatigued mother. My father burst into the room. I remember his voice, uncharacteristically quivering: Shahrukh, Zia-ul-Haq ka crash ho giya hai! We took this as our cue to leap out of bed and do a victory dance.In fact, Zia's death was cause for celebration. Across our divides, Pakistanis felt the sweet taste of liberation, and when Benazir Bhutto , all of 33 years at the time, said, she felt a shadow had been lifted over her family, we felt that she was speaking for all of us.Last week I lunched with my good friend Ayesha Siddiqa who was in town to participate in the big Indo-Pak CPA strategic dialogue on such minor matters as Kashmir, terrorism and affairs for the nuclear-hearted. Despite the hackneyed nature of conferences, there is no doubt that dialogue should continue, especially given recent visa regulations that will virtually put an end to people-to-people dialogue between India and Pakistan.But, look, to get back to military matters, India, much like the the US, talks the talk on democracy in Pakistan. Human rights, freedom of expression, freedom to right, preach, live, and so on. Yet, when Pervez Musharraf landed in New Delhi, he became the apple of New Delhi's eye. Democracy, shamocracy.What Ayesha and some good percentage of us 160 million, is saying is the only way for India to get Pakistan (yes this message is to lovebirds and hawks alike) is to support the political system, not the military apparatus.Democracy is an imperfect system, but it's safe to agree that in the debate between militarization and democratization, India and Pakistan should be batting on the same side.It occurred to me that Imran Khan would have done himself a huge favour if he had actually shown up in New Delhi and openly bandied with Salman Rushdie. Naturally, Imran quickly realized that he could a) not handle a Rushdie battle of wits and b) get political mileage by playing to the lowest common denominator, the mullah brigade.Returning to flashbacks, I never actually read Satanic Verses but, as children, post the fatwa, we all thought Salman Rushdie was the devil; he even looked the part. The book however wasn't exactly inaccessible. I remember a friend showed me her parents' bought-overseas copy of Satantic Verses. We were the only people in the house that afternoon but we spoke to one another in whispers. I remember only this: opening random pages and reading out passages aloud to each other in hysterical teenage bravado. After all the hysteria caused by our good neighbour, Ayatollah Khomeni, the Satanic Verses seemed dull.Engaging, even sparring with Rushdie, would have reflected Imran's support for an open society. By contrast he showcased fear plus a rejection of freedom of speech, expression and that scant thing these days everywhere, including in India, liberalism.(The author is a Delhi based Pakistani journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12555917", "title": "21 minute song longest in Hindi cinema history", "text": "It may well be the end of a rocky patch for singer-composer Toshi Sabri, who along with brother Sharib has just broken a new record, as Mirror can tell you.In Rocky Khanna's directorial debut Mastaan that also sees veteran actor Naseeruddin Shah share screen space with son Vivaan for the first time, Toshi and Sharib have recorded a 21-minute love song called Mora man mane na. The song took a gruelling routine of seven days non-stop singing and recording at Toshi's Sound of Music studio in Versova. So far, the scratch has been done in dummy voices as Toshi intends to get none other than Lata Mangeshkar to sing the number.Toshi excitedly confirmed the news saying, \"We never set out to create such a long song. My brother and I just went on recording without counting the minutes and it's finally turned into a 21-minute song.\"The brothers, who hail from Rajasthan, are products of a music contest. Said Toshi, \"Sharib and me have been lucky to be the only winners from the music talent contest to have survived in the industry. It hasn't been an easy journey for me. I've had two near brushes with death. I guess God wanted me to go through these lifechanging experiences so that one day, I could create something special.\"Interestingly, the lengthiest song in a Hindi film so far was the 11-minute Qawwalli, Humein to loot liya mil ke husn waalon ne from the 1958 film Al Hilal, produced by Shree Ram Bohra, grandfather of Sunil Bohra, producer of Mastaan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12551971", "title": "Telangana suicides set to become hot subject of research", "text": "HYDERABAD: The suicides for the 'cause' of separate Telangana state is set to become a subject of research with several scholars opting for the topic in universities in the region. In addition to starting an anti-suicide drive on the campuses, the four universities in the Telangana region - Osmania, Kakatiya, Palamuru, and Telangana - have decided to do research on the cause of the deaths.Telangana University has decided to go a step further and set up a centre for studying suicides and other social issues spawned by the separate statehood issue. The universities have, in fact, taken a leaf out of the research work conducted on suicides earlier in the countries like the US, where suicides were witnessed among different immigrant population, especially the Afro-American communities.Universities other than Osmania are even planning to earmark Rs 5-6 lakh in their budget next year for research on the subject. The topic has been chosen since several research scholars have shown keen interest in the Telangana agitation and suicides.Many academicians, however, expressed different views on how to go about the research of these suicides. While some said that there is a need to focus on various social aspects behind the suicides, others maintained that the role of the 'T' leadership in promoting these deaths should also be looked into. \"The situation in Telangana seems to have reached such a stage that people have to choose between a leadership which is supposedly steering them to a better lifestyle in a separate state or live in a state of utter hopelessness. In such a misguided atmosphere death becomes the only hope,\" said Prof Bhangya Bhukya, history department, Osmania University, stating that symbolic suicide threats made by leaders of the movement sent a wrong message to the public.\"Suicides cannot be considered an individualistic decision. There are many social pressures behind them and there is a need to study most of this,\" said Prof S Simhadri of Osmania University.With many scholars showing keen interest in taking up research on the subject, the centres are expected to begin in August, this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "pudukkottai", "code": "12553079", "title": "3 including two BJP men die in accident", "text": "PUDUKKOTTAI: Three persons including two BJP functionaries were killed on the spot at Muthupattinam in Pudukkottai district on Wednesday midnight in a head-on collision of a car with a tractor. A group of seven persons including N Mathivanan (57) of Aranthangi were following an ambulance in which their relative C Manikandan (29) who suffered a heart-attack was being taken to hospital in Pudukkottai on Wednesday.The hired car was driven by R Nedungudi Killivalavan (26), vice-president of the youth wing of the BJP, in the area. His friend K Vinayagamoorthy (25), branch secretary of the BJP, also accompanied him on the trip. In the opposite direction, a sugarcane laden lorry from Pudukkottai was heading towards a sugar mill at Kurumbur near Aranthangi. When the two vehicles saw each other in Muthupattinam near Kulavaipatty, the drivers lost control, fearing a collision. Then the vehicles rammed each other. In the mishap, Nedungudi Killivalavan, Vinayagamoorthy and Mathivanan in the car sustained brutal injuries and died on the spot. The remaining nine persons in the car, Jagadeesan (46), Karthi (30), Nagappan (22), Govindan (23), Dhatchinamoorthy (32) and the patient's father Chandrasekaran (55) sustained severe injuries and are struggling for life.On hearing of the collision, residents of the area rushed to the spot and sent the injured by 108 ambulance service to the Pudukkottai government hospital. They are under treatment. The unidentified lorry driver, however, fled the spot. On being informed, Vallanthirakottai police rushed to the spot and started looking out for the driver. The police said Manikandan who suffered a heart attack was recovering but those who wanted to save him ended up losing their lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12552701", "title": "A forum for clinical trial victims", "text": "INDORE: A welfare society has been formed by the victims of unethical drug trials along with a group of doctors, public representatives and health activists. An organization in the name of Madhya Pradesh Clinical Trial Victim Welfare Society ( MPCTVA) was registered on Thursday.The main aim of the forum is to raise awareness about clinical drug trial, make available the health facilities and to fight for compensation to the victims afflicted with the unethical clinical trials. The president of the society Ajay Naik said, \"After my child was subjected to drug trial, I decided to fight for the cause so that others have prior knowledge about the procedures being followed in clinical trials.\" Naik's son was subjected to clinical trial by Dr Hemant Jain after which his son developed white spots all over his body. So far more than 25 victim families have accepted the membership of the society.The society plans to upload the updates related to clinical trials on its website www.swasthsamarpan-ctva.org. \"Those who want to join the society can log on to website to contact the people associated with the organization,\" said Naik.The society is also preparing data base of 81 patients who had developed serious adverse events or had died due to unethical clinical trials. The society has nominated Congress MLA Pratap Grewal and independent MLA Paras Saklecha as honorary members of the society. The other members include health activists Kalpna Mehra, Dr Anand Raje, Dr Anand Rai and Rajendra K Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551354", "title": "CM nod sought for Trump Tower", "text": "MUMBAI: Donald Trump Jr , son of US real estate tycoon Donald Trump Sr, met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Thursday and is believed to have argued in favour of the permissions previously granted to Trump Tower, a luxury residential project coming up near Girgaum Chowpatty.In December last year, the Chavan government issued directives to revoke permissions issued by the BMC to the project.The directive was issued after the state found that \"irregularities\" were committed while approving plans and issuing commencement certificate (CC) for soil testing and piling work. BMC had then cancelled the approvals issued previously and asked the developer to submit the proposal afresh.During Thursday's meeting, Trump Jr is believed to have requested Chavan to reconsider the decision. Chavan said that he has asked officials to look into points raised by Trump Jr.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12557159", "title": "India an attractive investment destination: Lord Swraj Paul", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is currently the \"most attractive\" investment destination, London-based industrialist Lord Swraj Paul said on Friday, underlining that retrospective amendment of laws to bring into the tax net Vodafone-type deals will not have any long-term negative impact.\"India at the moment is perhaps the most attractive country for investment... Whenever anything like this happens, people make lot of noise,\" Lord Paul said when asked whether the controversy over the proposed amendment of the Income Tax Act from retrospective effect would affect investor confidence.Paul said the investment decisions are not made only by the taxation issues.\"People see the whole package. Is it a friendly country to invest? \" he said, however, adding that it may have some impact in the short-run.The government proposes to amend the Income Tax Act with retrospective effect. The move followed the Supreme Court ruling in favour of British telecom major Vodafone in the Rs 11,000 crore tax dispute arising out of its acquisition of 67 per cent stake in Hutch Essar from Hong Kong-based Hutchison Telecom .Several global industry bodies have supported Vodafone and written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . During his recent visit to India, UK Chancellor for Exchequer George Osborne also raised the issue with finance minister Pranab Mukherjee .Lord Paul, who is on a India visit, said Britain had also made similar changes. \"The first time the retrospective tax case came up was in Britain...nobody (investor) holds money. This tax is not the only thing which affects...\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12553148", "title": "Maundy Thursday celebrated in Trichy with prayer, solemnity", "text": "TRICHY: Christians in the city from across all denominations celebrated Maundy Thursday, the day that signifies the 'Last Supper' of Jesus Christ before his crucifixion. At the Malayadipatti parish near Manapparai, Catholic bishop Anthony Divotta celebrated the Eucharist.The significance of the service was the washing of the congregation members' feet by the bishop himself, similar to one done by Jesus Christ for his disciples.At the St Mary's Cathedral, parish priest Rev Fr T Euguene, led the holy Eucharist symbolically washing the feet of 12 lay men who were randomly handpicked from the parish.At the St Lourdes' Church within the St Joseph's College complex the 'Last Supper' was celebrated with a high sung mass, followed by similar services at Sagayamatha Basilica at Palakkarai, St Fatima Church in Puthur, Jagan Matha Priory Church near Rockfort Nagar and at St Antony's (Amala Ashramam) Church on Ammamanadapam Road in Srirangam. Other Christian denominations like Protestants and Pentecosts also celebrated Maundy Thursday with prayers and Holy Communion to mark the solemn occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12551527", "title": "Chink in Cong-NCP Thane tie-up", "text": "THANE: The Congress is reconsidering its support to the NCP nominee for the elections to the Thane Municipal Corporation (TMC) standing committee. The Congress leadership is said to have instructed its local functionaries to steer away from the NCP camp two weeks before the key contest.\"Though the outcome of the Thane polls could appear insignificant at a macro-level, it is a pointer to the changing political equations in the state,\" a senior political observer said.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan is said to have taken personal interest in the polls to elect the chairperson of a statutory panel of the Thane civic body.Chavan met Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray to resolve their political differences and team up against the Sharad Pawar-led NCP.Uddhav is eager to exploit the tension between the Democratic Front (DF) partners and has offered an olive branch to Chavan. DF constituents have a collective strength of 65 members in the 130-member general body after Raj Thackeray-led MNS joined their camp.The saffron combine along with RPI and Independents also have 65 members. Considering that no party has a clear majority in the House, the contest to key panels will be interesting.The NCP's rising political clout and growing aggression in the recent elections have sent alarm bells in the Congress camp. Congressmen are wary of the NCP, which has sought to seal a post-poll arrangement with Raj Thackeray.Chavan is reported to have directed Thane officebearers to seek legal opinion and revise their earlier undertaking to the divisional commissioner about their support to the NCP. The agreement signed by the Congress group leader Ravi Phatak, a close ally of senior leader and state industries minister Narayan Rane , prohibits party members from shifting loyalties till the end of their five-year tenure.However, Congress insiders are carefully scrutinizing the anti-defection law to avoid any legal complication should they differ from the NCP whip.\"The NCP backed out at the last minute when their support was crucial for the Congress nominee's victory in the Kalyan Dombivli Municipal Corporation,\" a Congress leader said.\"Now, they expect us to support their candidate in Thane. They cannot take us for granted now,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12554043", "title": "Motor rally will kick off on April 9", "text": "MYSORE: The city will witness one of the biggest motor sporting events -- the fourth edition of Maruti Suzuki Dakshin Dare - which will kick off from the north gate of Mysore Palace at 4.30pm on April 9.The racers will traverse a grueling 1,800-km route covering various terrains like river beds, hill stations, windmill farm, hair-pin bends, tea and coffee plantations of Waynad (Kerala), Kodagu (Karnataka), Coimbatore, Ooty, and Kodaikanal ( Tamil Nadu ). The rally will conclude in Bangalore on April 14. The specialty of this year's event is that the racing buffs will to travel 60 km at tea plantations in Ooty during night.Over 100 motoring enthusiasts from across are participating in Maruti Suzuki Dakshin Dare, the highest-ever participation so far under three categories namely Ultimate Cars, Ultimate Bikes and Endurance, and other sub-categories.Explaining the increasing popularity of rallies to TOI, in charge of the event attached to Motorsport Inc, Jaidas Menon, said: \"In the first edition of the rally, there were 30 participants. But in this edition, over 100 participants, including 30 bikers, are expected. The fascination among youths towards racing is increasing in south India.\"Noted racers Gaurav Gill, Suresh Rana and others will hit the racing terrain. City-based racer Lohith Urs, who has won around 100 rallies at state, national and international levels, will also vroom his customized sports utility vehicle in the mega event. Urs said he will have Chupong Chai Wan from Thailand as his navigator. The rally will offer a platform for many budding racers, who would be cruising through routes encompasses adventurous multi-terrains. It will be testing of endurance of vehicles and the skills of racers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12551819", "title": "Many teachers caught \u2018cheating\u2019 in SSC exams in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: This time, it is not just the SSC students who are getting caught for cheating. A substantial number of cheating cases have been booked against teachers in-charge of conducting the examinations across the state. The directorate of government examinations has in the past eight days removed 235 invigilators from their duties for indulging in malpractices. Even officers of higher rank, including five chief superintendents and five assistant departmental officers were suspended for resorting to cheating.The offences committed by teachers ranged from trying to leak the question paper before the commencement of the exam to not sending all the answer scripts to spot evaluation camps. In at least nine cases, SSC board officials have found evidence of a possible question paper leak planned with the help of invigilators.Officials said in most cases, invigilators had helped students at the behest of private school authorities who are eyeing 100% results. In Guntur, photo copies of question papers were found in a stationary shop near an examination centre. In the subsequent investigation, the source of leak was traced to invigilators and chief superintendents of a nearby examination centre.In Karimnagar, an invigilator was sacked for leaking questions to a private school management over the phone. There were also instances of invigilators winking at students cheating in the examination hall. Most of the teachers facing cheating cases hail from Karimnagar and Kadapa districts.Officials incharge of SSC examinations said that teachers were often bribed by private schools to help their students. \"The rate of an invigilator for helping students in one exam is anywhere between Rs 5,000 and Rs 10,000. Many private schools try to get invigilators to help their students. Most often, the deals are made with the help of parents,\" said an official.At some of the centres, invigilators also helped students by providing them answers, officials said. \"We have apprehended all such teachers and strict action will be taken against them\", said an official.For the first time the secondary education department has booked cases against teachers under section 10 A of the AP Education Act 1997. The punishment would be imprisonment between six months and three years and a fine. \"We have given wide publicity warning strict action against teachers if they are found indulging in malpractices. This seems to have proved effective as the number of cheating cases have gone down when compared to the previous year,\" said B Manmadha Reddy, director, government examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12552228", "title": "Store nostalgia without the clutter", "text": "NOIDA: Freedom beckons all those who have had enough of storing their valuables in rusty trunks or dusty lofts as a first of its kind self-storage facility has been launched in Noida. The company, StoreMore, provides fully secured and organized compartments where one can hoard all such possessions that cannot be accommodated at their homes.Founded last summer by friends Amit Wilson and Nitin Dhawan, StoreMore offers space for \"as long as one needs\" to store woollen clothes, photo albums, books, crockery, shoes and anything else which cannot be accommodated at one's home or office but can be housed in a box.It all began sometime in 2010, when Amit, who then worked at a venture capital firm, came across an article on a storage facility for office records in the US. Given the shrinking size of homes in India and affinity for \"hoarding old objects that hold emotional value,\" he recognized a huge market for storage facility. Wilson and Dhawan then launched Reliable Records to store office documents for law firms, marketing companies and government departments. \"While we were storing office records, etc, we began getting requests from corporate clients, asking us to handle their personal storage needs too. Thus, StoreMore followed, offering people space to store their household items with us,\" Wilson says.Taking on the concept of self storage that is common abroad and modifying the 'self' bit to \"suit Indian needs\" the duo came up with the an idea where all the customers need to do is place an order, put the possessions in \"double walled and durable\" boxes of varied sizes, and a pick-up person would turn up at the doorstep, collect the boxes and takes it to the warehouse in sector 63.\"Self storage in India currently seems unworkable. People expect us to help them pack and transport stuff like the regular packers and movers do. In some cases we try and tie up with local packers and movers, but essentially we provide boxes of different sizes and pick up the packed boxes,\" Dhawan says.The customers can log on to the website StoreMore.in, order the boxes through email, pack their items, and prepare an inventory. The company will then pick up the boxes from their house, along with a cheque for the payment plan. One can choose from four available payment plans viz. monthly, yearly, three-yearly at Rs 60, Rs 365 and Rs 999 per box respectively and the unlimited plan at Rs 299 per month.Once the boxes reach the warehouse, intricate care is taken to ensure that they remain safe. Every customer is provided a bar code for each box to track them. The facility has biometric access control and back up. The carefully catalogued storage area can only be accessed through a fingerprinting reading system. The warehouse is fire proof, secured by automated locking systems and pest control is conducted once every fortnight.Promoted simply through word of mouth, StoreMore has received \"exceptional\" response and within less than a year since it began. Dhawan and Wilson are now working on introducing new box sizes and accommodate bigger items that might not necessarily fit in a standard box.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12552268", "title": "Underpass defaced by thieves", "text": "NOIDA: The swanky underpass in sector 18, built at one of the busiest junctions, has been reduced to an aesthetic mess with thieves stealing away several of the cylindrical stainless steel covers that have been wrapped over the pillars. While traders in the nearby markets are alarmed over the impunity of criminals, they allege that even police have failed to control such incidents. Though Noida Authority says that it has lodged an FIR in the matter with the sector 20 police station, cops refute their claims and say they cannot launch an investigation till a formal theft complaint is lodged.Thousands of vehicles pass through the underpass round the clock. Heavy rush of shoppers is witnessed in the area through the day as the underpass is located between the sector 18 market and the GIP Mall. The busy Atta Market and sector 18 Metro station, which are located on one side of the underpass, are also chock-a-block with people till late in the night. Given such huge rush of people, people are baffled as to how thieves have managed to dismantle and carry away such huge cylindrical sheets from the underpass.\"The theft has not been committed in a day but over a period,\" said president of Atta Market Traders' Association, Dr CB Jha. \"The steel sheets continue to disappear with each passing day. It seems ensuring safety to public property is the least priority of the administration. Even earlier, grills in front of our market had disappeared in a similar manner,\" added Jha.\"The reason that such thefts continue to occur in busy markets is due to utter lack of policing and patrolling,\" said president of Sector 18 Traders' Association, Kedar Bansal. \"We fear such thieves who can steal even during the day. Steel covers over drains and panels of electricity boxes in the market have also disappeared mysteriously,\" said Bansal.Though Noida Authority, which is in charge of maintenance of the underpass, claims that it has filed an FIR into the matter, sector 20 police officials have outright rejected this claim. \"I have seen that the covers over the pillars in the underpass have vanished at several places, but till now no FIR or complaint has been filed into the matter,\" said I P Singh, SHO of sector 20 police station. \"We cannot launch an investigation into the matter till we are told in writing that there has been a theft at the place,\" added Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12551408", "title": "Despite delay, tendu units fetch good price", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government is expected to get a royalty of Rs 133 crore from the auction of 382 units on Wednesday. The state forest department had received 1,190 tenders towards sale of 461 units. The tenders were opened at Vasantrao Deshpande Hall in the morning. The process to auction units in nine forest circles went on till late night.Ramanuj Choudhary, additional principal chief conservator of forests ( APCCF) for non-timber forest produce ( NTFP), monitoring and evaluation, said offers for 382 units were received. \"A committee under head of forest force (HoFF) has decided that the auction of the remaining units will be held on April 11,\" Choudhary said.Tendu-dominated Gadchiroli district fetched highest royalty. Of 160 units in district, 156 were sold out. Of these, 17 received offers worth over Rs 1 crore. One of the units in Tadgaon and Hemalkasa received an offer of Rs 1.75 crore. Last year, this was Rs 1.11 crore.\"Despite delay in auctions, there was good competition. One of the reasons is that many traders could not get tendu from Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh and hence wanted to procure from Maharashtra. Recent showers also helped,\" Choudhary said.In Nagpur circle, of the 102 tendu units, offers were received for 98. Two units- one in Gondia and another in Nagpur- received an offer of over Rs 1 crore. A tendu unit in Hiwra, Sawangi, Akola and Tangla fetched Rs 1.42 crore. Similarly, a unit in Mulla and Bhagi in Gondia was offered Rs 1.01 crore.Choudhary said the tendu leaf royalty was expected to go over Rs 120 crore. Last year it was Rs 100 crore. Of Rs 120 crore, 80% will go as bonus to tendu collectors. They will also get wages amounting to Rs 80-90 crore from contractors. \"The tendu season will start from April third week and will last for a month. Despite good offers, we don't expect to get good yield. Due to delay in auctions, contractors will not get time to prune tendu trees. The good offers were due to demand-supply gap,\" said Jayeshbhai Patel, president of the Gondia Beedi Manufacturers Association, who had led a stir against the government's condition to impose a fine in case of fire in tendu units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12552999", "title": "BJP panel move on council polls", "text": "PATNA: The state BJP Election Committee on Thursday discussed the party's stakes in the Bihar Legislative Council polls for four seats that it can easily win, and authorized its five-member core committee to decide the panel of names for final approval by the party's Central Election Committee. \"Our party's election committee met at the party state headquarters to discuss the matters in hand with regard to the four seats.The core committee would now decide the names and send them to the Central Election Committee of the party,\" said party state vice-president and chief spokesman Sanjay Mayukh. Of the 11 seats falling vacant, three belong to the BJP, but the party, given its strength in the 243-member state legislativeassembly at 91, can easily win four seats.The core committee members -- state chief Dr C P Thakur, deputy chief minister-Sushil Kumar Modi, former state BJP president Radha Mohan Singh, ministers Nand Kishore Yadav, Ashwini Kumar Choubey and state general secretary (organization) Nagendraji -- would zero in on the possible names for approval by the party Central Election Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12552246", "title": "Greater Noida e-way toll in limbo till new Noida CEO takes over", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Uncertainty continues to loom over whether the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway will remain toll free. Rama Raman, CCEO of Yamuna Expressway Authority, said that the final decision on the toll would be taken up by the new CEO of Noida, though the post continues to remain vacant.Also, the Yamuna Expressway is still awaiting a formal nod from the Uttar Pradesh government to throw it open for public use. In a review meeting held between the Yamuna Expressway Authority and Jaypee group on Wednesday, the developer was asked to expedite pending works required following which the proposal could then be sent to the state government.\"We have communicated with the Noida Authority on the issue of the toll to be levied on the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway, but due to frequent transfers of senior Authority officials no decision has been made. We are now waiting for the new CEO so that the matter is resolved,\" said a senior official.The biggest decision that remains to be taken by officials is the amount of toll to be charged on Yamuna e-way. Final decisions on medical facilities that will be available on the e-way alongside safety and emergency precautions are also pending. \"We are preparing the final note on the toll which we will soon send to the government for consideration,\" said a YEIDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551683", "title": "Corporators\u2019 performance evaluation plea", "text": "MUMBAI: Members of the ruling civic alliance demanded that their performance be evaluated and at least five corporators awarded for their work. This, they said, would encourage the corporators.The civic administration said it would look into the demand and see if it was feasible. \"It is not an easy task. We do not have a system in place whereby we can evaluate the performance of 227 corporators every year. This would entail introducing a special system with trained manpower. There are no such provisions in the BMC rulebook,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12552697", "title": "Technopark to spread green message with an art installation", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Allianz and Trivandrum Global city of Innovation is creating an art installation near Bhavani building at Technopark which will embody the message of energy conservation.Water, energy and partnership are the key themes in the project titled 'Future Alliance'. The project will be unveiled on May 1.The installation will have a fountain area in the centre with five pairs of hands representing five continents, floating a globe with jet streams of water.There will be nine Mandapas representing the planets of the solar system, and their roofs will be made up of 200W solar panels. The hands upholding the world represent human (cycle) power, energy which is badly in need of conservation. Led lights (powered by solar panels on the mandapa) will be programmed to automatically switch on and switch off at 7pm and 10pm.The base of the water fountain will be decorated by clay hand prints of Allianz employees. The artistic lead is that of Deepesh Kumar, a Kollam-based sculptor.\"The installation is an extension of the 'Ask Why Not? Campaign', that inspired us to set up the Allianz-Technopark Bicycle Club last year. The central theme of the Why Not campaign is about generating creative ideas by seeking alternatives for day-to-day issues. We at ACIS are excited about this initiative to build an artistic and interactive outdoor community space within Technopark, themed around topics of water, solar and human energy,\" said Rakesh Kumar Gupta, MD, ACIS, a company of Allianz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12552716", "title": "Three-day fest begins at IIT-I", "text": "INDORE: Fluxus-2012, a three-day cultural-cum-technical fest of Indian Institute of Technology ( IIT-I) began on a warm note from Thursday.Kicking off the event on Thursday, A K Balasubramanium of Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited delivered a lecture on the use and sustainability of nuclear energy.Balasubramanium is associated with the building of various nuclear reactors across the country. Giving a brief overview of the working of a nuclear reactor along with its safety aspects, he said that nuclear reactors were safe and the country has excellent track record vis-a-vis in the safe running of nuclear plants. Mishap in Japan doesn't mean it will happen in India, he said.Elaborating on the nuclear power, Balasubramanium said it is relatively a new field and there are tremendous opportunities in the field of research. It is a field, which can suffice to the energy needs of the country, he said.A workshop on VoiP Robotics and 3D animation was also held. Various robots like line follower, light follower and their coding were taught at this workshop over two days. The students will be taught on various methods to convert 2D into 3D. Further, a line follower robot competition called \"ROBO 1\" was organised in which teams from various cities including Bhopal, Gwalior and Ujjain participated.Events like LAN Gaming, literary events like \"Cache of the lexis\" and \"Ransense\" were the attractions of the day. Besides, there were informal games like face painting, twister and many others that kept the audience enthralled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12557972", "title": "Allu Arjun Julai sneak peek", "text": "Julai - translates into English as one of those 'good-for-nothing-road-romeo' characters. Allu Arjun is playing one such 'road-romeo' in his upcoming movie, \"Julai\". Ileana is playing the lead in the movie directed by Trivikram Srinivas. Here's a teaser of the first look of Allu Arjun in the movie. The long hair and the muscles from \"Badrinath\" are gone, and what we see is a pretty slick-looking \"Romeo\". The first look will be launched officially on April 8, Allu Arjun's birthday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12551950", "title": "Mine owner booked for fraud", "text": "PANAJI: The crime branch has registered a case of cheating against mine owner Prasana Ghotge of M/s Prasanna V Ghotge and his associate Jayesh Parab and KJV Sharma.Pankaj Agarwal of Shivnath Minerals and Chemicals has complained that prior to May 14, 2011, accused persons Ghotge, Parab and Sharma, hatched a criminal conspiracy to cheat his company Shivnath Minerals &amp; Chemicals and in furtherance with their common intention entered into a MOU in order to purchase iron ore.Parab issued a possession letter pertaining to stock of 1,50,000 DMT ore stacked at Cotombi jetty in Usgao, Sinori Jetty in Navelim and TPL main jetty in which the ore was shown transferred to his company, and dishonestly and fraudulently induced the complainant's company to part a sum of 17.50 crore on the pretext that the iron ore fines would be supplied to his company.The ore was loaded on to a vessel at Panaji port in order to be transported to China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551394", "title": "Good Friday, a day to mourn for Christians", "text": "MUMBAI: Christians went into a state of mourning a day before Good Friday at Maundy Thursday services at churches in the city. The service marks the Last Supper of Christ and his apostles and ends with the ceremony which goes back to the time Christ washed the feet of the apostles.The celebrant normally washes the feet of 12 people. It also marks the passover of the Jews from Egypt to Israel .On Good Friday, which signifies the crucifixion of Christ, Catholics, Protestants and Syrian Catholics have ceremonies in the evening, marked by a solemn mass. Several Catholic churches have a three-hour service, Agony, in the afternoon. This is done to celebrate Christ's Passion, the sufferings he underwent before his death.At many old churches in the city, like Gloria Church in Byculla, St Peter's and St Andrew's in Bandra, as well as a churches in Vile Parle and Andheri, the Friday service is followed by the 'passu' (Portuguese for passion), which involves taking down the wooden figure of Christ from the cross and laying it on a podium where people file past in prayer.This is done to the accompaniment of a son et lumiere (sound and light) show. This is a tradition that is commonly followed in Spain, Portugal and Latin American countries.Good Friday signifies the crucifixion of Christ. Catholics, Protestants and Syrian Catholics have ceremonies in the evening marked by a solemn mass. Several Catholic churches have a three-hour service, Agony, which is in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12552044", "title": "Beautification of Cuncolim on cards", "text": "MARGAO: The annual budget for 2012-13 of the Cuncolim Municipal Council (CMC) was passed at a special meeting on Thursday.At the meeting chaired by CMC chairperson Devendra Dessai, CMC announced that they had a surplus budget of 5,14,99,000. It was announced that from government grants and additional tax revenue, CMC expected income for this financial year is 28,90,40,000 while they expect to incur expenditure costs of 23,75,41,000.Dessai informed that under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM), they intend to beautify Cuncolim at a cost of 20 crore, intend to build small row houses in Panzorconi ward under Housing and Urban Development Corporation Limited (HUDCO) at the cost of 5 crore and spend 6.5 crore for their sewerage line project amongst other such initiatives announced.At the meeting, it was brought to the notice of the councillors that CMC had to pay salaries of all CMC workers at the cost of 1.42 crore and bear an additional burden of 50 lakh due to the sixth pay commission. Councillors resolved to pay the additional amount in small deposits rather than the full amount at one time.At the meeting, Councillor Poonam Naik Dessai said that the municipality was not working properly and thus was losing money. The councillors further demanded that a specific rent amount be set in place for use of community hall to increase CMC revenue", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12551977", "title": "Sabita blames YSR for letting Rajagopal occupy two posts", "text": "HYDERABAD: Home minister P Sabita Indra Reddy, in her deposition before the CBI on the illegal iron ore mining scam, has said that she had lost her cool and even gave a dressing down to senior IAS officer Y Srilakshmi when the latter tried to push the file pertaining to the grant of lease of an additional 25 hectares in Anantapur district to Obulapuram Mining Company (OMC).The CBI has shown Sabita Indra Reddy, who was then mines minister, as its witness in the case in which OMC's Gali Janardhan Reddy is the prime accused.\"The decision to reject further grant of lease was taken because by June 2007, the OMC had lease hold rights of over 100 hectares of land. There was a proposal to hand over 25 more hectares to OMC. We decided not to give it to OMC because by then a decision was already taken to earmark this 25 hectare piece of land to the state-owned AP Mineral Development Corporation (APMDC). This was despite Gali's letter to the then chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy to allot this additional area also to him to enable him to use it for captive mining to exclusively cater to the iron ore needs of their proposed steel plant in Jammalamadugu area of Kadapa district,\" the minister said in her statement to CBI.\"I also remember Srilakshmi brought the issue to my notice on a couple of occasions and told me that she would be sending a note recommending a further grant of 25 hectares to OMC,\" Sabita said. \"Initially I told her politely that she need not put up the note as I would not be granting it. But after some time she again insisted. At this point I lost my cool and scolded her and told her that even if she puts up a positive recommendation, I would reject it. After this she did not say anything about it,\" the minister said.With regard to the two controversial GOs, 151 and 152, which were issued on June 18, 2007, allotting 107 hectares in Anantapur district to OMC, Sabita Indra Reddy said that she was surprised as to why the secretary (Srilakshmi) ignored the aspect of including the issue of captive mining in the GOs. Even if this had happened by mistake, it could have been rectified later, the minister added. She said she did not know whether Srilakshmi was under pressure from the then chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy.However, the minister held YSR responsible for continuing with V D Rajagopal in the twin posts of director of mines and geology as well as VC&MD; of APMDC for a long time. \"When I suggested that Rajagopal should be given a single post, YSR said he was not able to find a suitable replacement for him,\" Sabita said in her statement.She also said that the note file pertaining to grant of lease of over 107 hectares to OMC was signed by her on November 9, 2005 and the recommendations for getting forest clearances were made during the time of Kripanandam, the predessor of Srilakshmi in the industries (mines) department. \"For this we had even withdrawn a GO (GO Ms No 114 issued on October 26, 2004) that was issued in favour of SR Minerals granting mining lease for 18 hectares,\" the minister said. \"I cleared the files in a routine manner by reposing faith in the knowledge of the relevant secretaries,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12557935", "title": "There is still a lot of melody in our films: KK", "text": "Renowned singer KK believes that in spite of disco and remixes, there is still left a lot of melody in Bollywood films. There are few people who still maintain their style but they do that once in a while. Excerpts from the interview...What are your current projects?I am doing Jannat 2 , a song from Kahaaani, Ek tha Tiger and quite a few more. I can't remember them all. Due to God's grace, I have a lot in the pipeline.You sang a song with your son. Do we see him venturing into Bollywood?I have no plans of introducing him into the film industry. He has his own plans. He likes to play the guitar and has a band of his own. No, I don't think he would come to Bollywood. He is more into independent music.Now we see movie songs becoming a hit rather than the solo albums of singers. What do you think of this?Shaan , Shankar and me started off as album artist and then gradually we got into Bollywood. That is still the case for most new artists which is a good thing as they get bollywood space evetually. I do feel independent music is growing and there are artists, bands, rock performances which have a huge audience now. It is heartening to know that the independent music genre is increasing. I think the platforms are opening up and lot more of independent music is opening up to beat Bollywood (I hope so!).You hardly find any songs that grip you and take you to a different place altogether.People are restless and impatient. They don't want to give time to anything for it to grow within you. In terms of artists and music directors, it is much better and so much better music. There is a lot of dhinchak , disco and remixes, but there is still a lot of melody in our films. Melody is something that is so strongly ingrained in our Indian music directors. But they also have to cater to the demand of the masses and what they like. There are few people who still maintain their style but they do that once in a while. I won't agree when people say aaj kal ke gaano mein dum nahi hai .Pune audience?I have performed in Pune many times. I have a lot of times and the reaction has changed. When I would come to the city for performing, the response was good, but now it is phenomenal. Over the years I have had many hits and the crowd loves it. The interaction with the crowd is better and the energy is on the high. I love the college crowd and the young corporate guys here who have always given me a good response. So, yes, I love performing in this young, energetic city of Pune.Have you tried singing in Marathi?No. I haven't tried anything in Marathi yet. (Smiles)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551481", "title": "Demand for office space drops", "text": "MUMBAI: Office space demand slowed down in the first quarter of 2012, with around 4.1 million sq ft getting absorbed across the leading cities in the country.In the previous quarter (Oct-Dec 2011), almost 6.5 million sq ft was absorbed, according to the India Office report released by CBRE on Thursday. NCR (National Capital Region), Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore were the leading cities accounting for more than 70% of the entire space getting absorbed in the country.Supply continued to overtake demand in the first quarter of 2012__ almost 5.9 million sq ft of office space was added in leading cities. The new supply was largely concentrated in NCR, Bangalore, Mumbai and Chennai, comprising almost 90% of the entire quantum of the present quarter.The report said Mumbai witnessed decline in rental values at Nariman Point and Lower Parel, mainly due to sluggish demand levels. Average rentals in Grade A buildings in Nariman Point dropped from Rs 300 a sq ft a month in December last to Rs 290 in March. In Lower Parel, it reduced from Rs 155 to Rs 150 in the period. \"It is anticipated that supply dynamics will continue to dictate rental movement in coming quarters, with values in the CBD being stable and those in suburbs slipping,\" it said.Nariman Point has limited transactions with only a marginal absorption of around 10,000 sq ft. \"It did not witness the addition of any fresh supply in the present quarter and vacancy remained stable. In coming few quarters, vacancy in this micro-market is slated for rise from the current estimated 6-7%,\" said the report.A marginal decline was seen in rental values during the quarter. Around 2 lakh sq ft of Grade-A office space became available in the Extended Business District (EBD) of Lower Parel. Worli and Prabhadevi saw a marginal correction of 1-3% in rental values. \"The decline was largely due to low levels of transactions...,\" it said.BKC continued to remain a preferred location for corporate occupiers looking for expansion. The CBRE report also observed limited leasing activity in the Secondary Business District (SBD) of Andheri, Vile Parle and Jogeshwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12553277", "title": "Survey to connect Mandhana with Panki to start soon", "text": "KANPUR: The survey of connecting Mandhana with Panki railway station and scrapping off Anwarganj-Mandhana railway route would commence soon. The Railway Board would take a final decision about the fate of the Anwarganj-Mandhana railway line after the survey work, which is likely to end in a year.KBL Mittal, general manager, Northern Railway general manager KBL Mittal told newspersons at Anwarganj railway station on Wednesday.He said that out of 28 railway crossings between Anwarganj railway station and Farrukhabad, 13 would be removed. Survey in this regard has been done. There are a total of 28 unmanned railway crossings between Anwarganj railway station and Farrukhabad. As many as 13 such crossings would be removed. On four crossings, small elevated platforms would be raised. On the remaining, overbridges would be constructed.Mittal said that due to unmanned railway crossings on the Anwarganj-Kasganj rail route, accidents take place. In order to ensure that these accidents could be avoided, the railways would initiate an awareness campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12552042", "title": "Pak circulating fake notes in India: Agency", "text": "KOLKATA: National Investigation Agency (NIA) - the central probe agency empowered to deal with fake Indian currency note (FICN) circulation menace - has zeroed in on Pakistan's role behind the ploy to destabilize the Indian economy. It has also claimed that West Bengal is the main transit point of the fake currency consignments.Keeping an eye on the increasing flow of FICN, NIA is working to track down the source, key operatives and the route of the fake notes scirculation in the country. In January, following synchronized operations along with different state agencies and BSF, NIA held 14 persons including a key man of the racket. After the arrest of Morgen Hossain and Rakib Seikh from Jamshedtola in Malda's Kaliachak, NIA got specific evidence to back its claims that all the fake notes circulated in India were printed in Pakistan and smuggled through Bangladesh and Nepal.With the leads extracted from the duo, NIA rounded up two more persons - Imran and Jenab - and seized fake notes of Rs 9.85 lakh. Both were key operatives of the racket and hail from Mujaffarnagar in Uttar Pradesh. Their interrogation revealed that one Iqbal Kana, another Mujaffarnagar native, is one of the main liaison persons receiving the consignments from one Mohammad Ashraf in Dubai. Interrogation revealed that the consignments either directly go to Dubai from Pakistan or the latter supplies currency papers and printing equipments to the racketeers. The racketeers then print the fake notes in either Nepal or Bangladesh.NIA sources said Bangladesh-based unit of the fake currency racket has been entrusted with the job of circulating more than 70% of the intended supply. Making the best use of Malda and Murshidabad districts' location, the racketeers use villagers of both districts as the carriers of the consignments.According to the interrogation report of some fake notes operatives arrested by Kolkata Police's Special Task Force, a Bangladeshi man controls the supply of the notes, camping in Dhaka. He is a frequent visitor to Dhaka-based Pak embassy and travels to Kathmandu .City STF, which has confiscated more than Rs 1.5 crore fake notes in 2011 and over Rs 50 lakh so far this year, claimed the Dhaka-based man smuggled ready counterfeit notes by air from Kathmandu. He then supplies to five persons in the border. From there, small consignments, on an average, worth Rs 30-50 lakh go to village-based operators who throw the bundles of the notes across the border fence to the Indian counterpartscollect those. Village operators, like Morgen and Rakib, distribute the notes in small quantities to unemployed youths to carry those to receivers in cities like Delhi, Chennai and Hyderabad.Mostly, they eye youths working in these cities as contract labourers. In the last arrest by NIA, six of the 13 held were from Malda and were working in Hederabad and Chennai as construction employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "vishvkarma colony", "code": "12554153", "title": "Film-making tugs at his heart strings", "text": "VISHVKARMA COLONY: Even at 74, Joginder Singh Kalsi can impress anyone with his enthusiasm for film-making. Since 1974, Kalsi has been in Toronto, Canada, and these days is in city to meet his wife's family, besides holding meetings with literary personalities, whom he shoots for his documentaries.Hailing from Sang Dhesian in Jalandhar district, Kalsi joined Indian Railways as draughtsman, but in 1962 he migrated to England. There, he worked as engineer in a factory, but his heart always tugged him towards photography and making documentaries.In 1968 he did a film production course in England. ''During that course, I got to know about the basic technicalities of production and started shooting different objects,'' Kalsi said.In 1974, Kalsi went to Canada and in the year 1980, he completed a TV production course from Ryerson University. This course proved very beneficial as he along with his associate Iqbal Mahal launched a TV programme ''Vision of Punjab'' on cable TV in Brampton and it turned out to be one of the most popular shows in Canada. The show is still on air.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "port blair", "code": "12556679", "title": "National Maritime Day celebrated", "text": "PORT BLAIR: The 49th National Maritime Day was celebrated at Dr B R Ambedkar Institute of Technology here on Friday.The day is observed to commemorate the maiden voyage by an Indian Ship S S Loyalty of Scindia Steam Navigation Company Ltd to the United Kingdom on the same day in 1919.The day began with hoisting of the flag at the institute by P P Paul, Senior Maritime Faculty, followed by a parade by maritime cadets.Various sports events and a cultural programme were also organised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "here is a sneak peek of actor balakrishna's look in the manchu manoj-starrer, \"oo kodathara ulikki padathara\". manoj posted the picture on his twitter account. apparently this is just one of his many looks in the movie. balakrishna is playing an important role in the movie. \"royalty at its best,\" posted manoj, commenting on the picture on his twitter page. director rajamouli also showered praise on balakrishna, tweeting, \"one of the best look for balakrishna garu.. in u kodatara ulikki padathara film.. ", "code": "12558221", "title": "Balakrishna\u2019s royal new look", "text": "Here is a sneak peek of actor Balakrishna's look in the Manchu Manoj-starrer, \"Oo Kodathara Ulikki Padathara\". Manoj posted the picture on his twitter account. Apparently this is just one of his many looks in the movie. Balakrishna is playing an important role in the movie. \"Royalty at its best,\" posted Manoj, commenting on the picture on his twitter page. Director Rajamouli also showered praise on Balakrishna, tweeting, \"One of the Best Look for Balakrishna garu.. in U Kodatara Ulikki Padathara film.. :) Awsome.............\" (sic).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12555052", "title": "Red violence kills twice more than in J&K;, Northeast", "text": "NEW DELHI: Maoist violence continues to dominate internal security concerns in India, with more than double the deaths than those reported from Jammu &amp; Kashmir and northeastern states collectively during 2008-2011.In what could be a reminder of how potent the Maoists have become in the past four years, the home ministry's latest annual report released on Wednesday revealed that 3,240 persons including civilians and security forces were killed in Red violence compared to 1,034 in northeastern states and 496 in J&K; during the same period.The report, which came a day before the culmination of the Odisha abduction episode which saw the state government succumbing to the pressure of Red rebels to save hostages, also said that even the number of violent incidents carried out by Maoists (7,817) was more than the number of terror/insurgent attacks reported in northeastern states (4,258) and J&K; (2,035) together during 2008-11.Almost all Red-infested states witnessed casualties among civilians and security forces during the period with Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand reporting a high number of killings. Bihar , Odisha, West Bengal and Maharashtra are other states which have reported casualties in double digit figures consistently since 2008.Though 2011 had reported lesser number of incidents and casualties as compared to 2010 and 2009 in Maoist violence, the number still remained high compared to incidents reported in northeast and J&K; last year. Most incidents in Red-hit states were carried out by the CPI (Maoist) which is the largest left-wing extremist group in the country.\"The CPI (Maoist) continues to remain the most dominant and violent outfit among the various left wing extremist groups, accounting for more than 90% of total LWE incidents and 95% of resultant killings,\" the annual report for the year 2011-12 said .Interestingly, J&K;, which was a hotbed of terrorism for almost 15 years, showed a dramatic decline in not only the number of incidents but also in casualties among security forces and civilians. The home ministry figures showed that the state witnessed a declining trend, with 166 casualties in 2008 followed by 150 in 2009; 116 in 2010 and 64 last year.The report claimed that terrorism in the hinterland and communal situation remained by and large under control, except for the serial bomb blasts in Mumbai in July 2011 and bomb blast in Delhi HC in September 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12552653", "title": "Cleaning up of Thevara-Perandoor canal to start before monsoon", "text": "KOCHI: Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) is preparing plans to clean up the Thevara - Perandoor canal before the onset of monsoon. The Metro authority is expected to finalize the agency that will carry out the project by the beginning of next week. The expected cost of the cleaning process is Rs 1.5 crore.Though there are indications that Kerala Shipping and Inland Navigation Corporation (KSINC) would be given the responsibility of executing the project, KMRL is yet to provide an official confirmation. The proposal submitted by Roads and Bridges Development Corporation-Kerala (RBDC-K) was rejected as they had quoted higher rates.KMRL spokesperson said, \"We will get a clear picture of the project next week and we are particular that we complete the work before monsoon.\" Chief minister Oommen Chandy had instructed KMRL to take up the cleaning work of Thevara -Perandoor canal following a request made by Kochi mayor Tony Chammany.Under Kochi Corporation there are 77 kilometres of primary canals and 222 kilometres of natural and man-made secondary drains. The total length of the drains is about 740 kilometres. Even though local bodies and associate agencies are responsible for the operation and maintenance of these water bodies, nothing much was done for their upkeep.With water logging becoming a major issue during monsoon, there was immense pressure on the civic-body to take up the de-silting and cleaning works.The inability to raise funds and execute projects forced city corporation to seek the assistance of state government and thus rope in the services of KMRL. Earlier, KMRL had completed the repair work of major roads in the city to facilitate the demolition and reconstruction of the North railway over-bridge as part of preparatory works for Kochi Metro.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12551859", "title": "Weekly training sessions being held for cops", "text": "NASHIK: Professional discipline and physical fitness being the main important requisites of the police, the city police commissionerate has decided to brush it up. On the directive of police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal, weekly physical training session and parade of policemen is being conducted on the police parade grounds.Every Tuesday morning, a session of physical training is held for the police and every Friday morning, a parade is organised, wherein the police commissioner receives salute from the police personnel. Informing more in this regard, the police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said that such parades and PT sessions used to be conducted in the past, but due to some technical reasons in the past, the practice was stopped. However, now in a bid to brush our roles as policemen, the weekly activity has been revived.While the physical training is focussed only improving the agility of the police personnel, which is needed from every policeman, on sidelines of the police parade, the commissioner of the police has a direct communication with the police personnel to address their problems.About 200 police personnel from different police stations attend the physical training and parade in turns. However, in case of a public holiday or additional police bandobast, this weekly exercise is not conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12551787", "title": "Kumbh on mind, NMC moves to clear land acquisition plans", "text": "NASHIK: Officiating municipal commissioner and district collector P Velrasu has directed the civic body officials to look into pending land acquisition proposals and give priority to those projects that need to be completed before Kumbh Mela.There are 209 land acquisition proposals under process and with Kumbh Mela just over two years from now, some of them need to be acquired immediately.\"Among the 209 lands that are under process to be acquired some need immediate attention, like those on which sewage treatment and water treatment plants, ring roads and development plan roads need to be constructed. If we want to complete the projects before Kumbh Mela, then the land needed for these projects have to be taken in possession by the end of this year,\" Velrasu said.He said that particularly in case of ring roads, 80 per cent of the land has to be acquired which is important for the roads to come up before Kumbh Mela.\"In the coming week, a priority list will be made. Even in case of DP roads, some important ones will be given preference. Computerization will be taken up in a major way and things will be streamlined,\" Velrasu said.A Nashik Municipal Corporation official said land acquisition process has been on a slow lane since the eighties due to various hurdles. \"All the 209 proposals for land acquisition are under the process of getting acquired. According to the Land Acquisition Act, 1894, compensation was to be provided to the owner of the land. But under the Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning Act, 1993, it is not necessary to give compensation but TDR can be given. It all depends on the owner of the land,\" the official said.He said that with this provision in the MRTP Act and prioritization of the land to be acquired, the work will gain momentum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12554235", "title": "No need for new private varsities, Congress tells government", "text": "SHIMLA: The tabling of bills on private universities in the assembly on Thursday invited a barrage of criticism from the opposition benches.The Congress attacked the Himachal Pradesh government on opening more universities despite the low enrolment in those set up recently.Participating in the discussion on a bill related to regulating private educational institutes in the state, Congress MLA Kuldeep Singh Pathania said strict action should be initiated against private universities violating norms.''The state is going to have 14-15 private universities. How many universities have been inspected by the regulatory commission and what shortcomings have been found? Private universities are giving admission even if a candidate has got compartment in class 10,'' he said.Congress MLA Harshvardhan Chauhan pointed out that private universities were playing with the future of students. He suggested that these should be set up in remote areas of the state. Questioning the need for more private universities, Chauhan said Himachal already has 12. He pointed out that these 12 universities have a total of 11,000 students compared to the strength of 20,000 to 22,000 students in such institutes in Punjab and Haryana. He alleged that many private universities are selling degrees outside the state.Congress MLA Sukhwinder Singh Sukhu urged the government to take a decision to stop the mushrooming of private universities.Replying to this, chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal said preference would be given to Kullu, Mandi, Chamba and Bilaspur while opening new universities in the future and assured that no such institute would be allowed to spoil the image of state. He also said that strict action would be taken against any university found violating norms.On the problem of low enrolment, he said that initially any educational institute faces this problem. Attacking the opposition, he said two private universities were granted permission during the Congress regime while the formalities were completed later. He said no university would be allowed change of land use before 25 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12558132", "title": "No amount of denial by Pakistan can exonerate Hafiz Saeed: SM Krishna", "text": "BANGALORE: Two days before Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari's visit, India on Friday insisted that all the details of involvement of Hafiz Saeed in the deadly 26/11 attacks have been provided and no amount of denial by Islamabad can exonerate the JuD chief's role in the terror strikes.\"The dossier that the Home Minister has provided to the Pakistan government contains every detail of Saeed's involvement in the planning and execution of terrorist attack on Mumbai,\" External Affairs Minister S M Krishna told reporters here.Krishna was asked about Pakistan Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani's remarks that the matter of Saeed is an \"internal issue\" and if there is any concrete proof against the outlawed Jamaat-ud-Dawah chief then it should be provided to Pakistan.\"So no amount of denial would exonerate them unless there is a judicial enquiry into the whole episode whereby responsibilities can be fixed but unfortunately Pakistan government has not thought it proper to investigate this,\" he said.Gilani had made the remarks while responding to points raised by lawmakers during a joint session of Pakistan's National Assembly and Senate about the USD 10 million bounty offered by the US for information that could be used for Saeed's prosecution.Asked whether Saeed issue will figure in the luncheon meeting between Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Zardari in Delhi on Sunday, Krishna said all bilateral issues are likely to figure in the talks. a", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12556236", "title": "Gravity 'changes along the moon'", "text": "WASHINGTON: Planetary scientists claim to have created a new gravity map of the moon which shows that the gravity pull changes from location to location over the surface of the Earth's natural satellite.Using detailed topographic information from NASA's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter mission, an international team was able to reveal the fine structure of the moon's gravity field in brand new detail.Team leader Dr Christian Hirt at Curtin University, who calculated the new gravity maps, said that the findings showed existing gravity models neglected approximately 50 per cent of the lunar gravity signal.Hirt added: \"The moon's gravitational pull is about one-sixth of the Earth's. Our new lunar gravity map now shows, for the first time, how the pull of gravity changes from location to location over the rugged surface of the Moon.\"This reveals features of the lunar gravity field, including pockmark signatures, showing gravity accelerations are higher at the bottom of impact craters than the elevated crater rim, and revealing the strength and variation of gravity acceleration over the entire surface of the Moon.\"The scientists said the research to improve gravity field maps for the Moon came from an approach that was successfully tested on Earth and could also be used for other solid planetary bodies.The findings have been published in the 'Earth and Planetary Science Letters' journal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "port blair", "code": "12556838", "title": "7 Myanmarese poachers held", "text": "PORT BLAIR: Indian Coast Guard have arrested seven Myanmarese poachers from a boat off North Sentinel island in Andaman and Nicobar Islands , Coast Guard sources said.Coast Guard personnel aboard ICGS Aruna Asaf Ali noticed the boat on the radar and, after a chase, were able to intercept it.Four diving sets, a diving compressor, an air cylinder, four diving goggles and a magnetic compass were seized from the boat, the sources said.After the arrest in the early hours of April 3, the Myanmarese people and the boat were brought to Port Blair and handed over to the police", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12551721", "title": "BSNL fined for arbitrarily snapping services", "text": "NAGPUR: The District Consumer Forum has directed Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) to pay Rs 12,000, Rs 10,000 as compensation and Rs 2000 as expenses, for deficiency in services and arbitrarily disconnecting services to a subscriber.BSNL subscriber Pradeep Banubakode, a retired government servant who was using BSNL's Maharashtra-Goa unlimited plan for Rs 180 plus Rs 149 per month since 2007, had approached BSNL on December 22, 2009 for shifting of landline telephone connection to a new address. However, instead of shifting connection to a new address, BSNL disconnected the services arbitrarily but continued sending Banubakode the bills.A perturbed Banubakode then moved Right to Information Act ( RTI) to get information about the status of his application. The department immediately swung into action and new connection with new plan was given to him. The senior citizen, who earlier had a facility of making free calls from his landline to other landline connections, was shocked to get a new connection with a new plan which offered no facility.This forced Banubakode to approach the consumer forum wherein BSNL put up its stand that dispute must be sent to arbitrator as per section 7-B of Indian Telegraph Act and relied on a judgment by Supreme Court in a case involving general manager Telecom Vs M Krishnan case. However, the consumer forum rejected the argument and said that as per section 3 of Consumer Protection Act, consumer is liable for special remedy. Similarly, forum also held that BSNL, in its circular dated October 10, 2009, had stated that after formation of BSNL the arbitrators were not appointed because department of Telecom does not give any services to subscribers and BSNL is not covered by Telegraph Authority.The forum, headed by Vijaysingh Rane and member Naresh Bansod, in its judgment held that BSNL's action to disconnect services and change the plan without the subscriber's consent was arbitrary. BSNL was directed to pay Pradeep Banubakode a compensation of Rs 12,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12553263", "title": "Barra rape victim's family being threatened", "text": "KANPUR: The parents of Barra rape victim fled from their home after being threatened by accused Krishna Kumar Kushwaha's father on Thursday and met divisional commissioner at his office and demanded security and fair probe into the case.The victim's father Keju, a native of Chattisgarh, his wife and children took shelter in some other area after receiving threats from Krishna's father Ram Sanehi Kushwaha, a KDA employee.Keju said he was staying away from home on the advice of neighbours who feared that he could be physically harmed since Kushwaha is forcing him to withdraw the case against his son. \"They are madly behind us and following us everywhere, threatening us and asking me to withdraw the case. So, I am staying in other area. Police are doing nothing, knowing well that I am being threatened by the accused,\" Keju said.\"They have still not recorded the statement of my daughter,\" he said.The girl (6), a resident of Barra-8, was abducted from her house by accused Krishna Kumar Kushwaha on April 1.The girl was spotted lying in a pool of blood in a four-wheeler by the roadside with the accused Krishna Kumar by the residents of Adauri village in Sikandara in Ramabai Nagar district on Monday evening. The villagers had caught Krishna in an inebriated state and severely thrashed him. He was handed him over to the Sikandara police.The girl is still under a state of trauma and her condition is not improving. \"We don't have enough money to spend on her treatment. I do not know how to bring my little daughter back to her normal life. She is in a state of shock and cries in her sleep. I do not know how she could come to terms with the crime against her,\" he added, before he himself broke down. \"We are poor people and facing the anger of the accused because we had dared to go to the police,\" her mother added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12550995", "title": "New DyRTO office waits for accommodation", "text": "NAGPUR: Six months after the state government approved the long-pending demand for a deputy regional transport office (DyRTO) in east Nagpur, officials are still searching for a proper site for the office.Geographically, the part of the city on the east of the railway line will be under the jurisdiction of the new transport office. The DyRTO was to make it more convenient for east Nagpur residents to get or renew licences, and do other RTO work.The government had issued an order to this effect on August 24, 2011. The government also sanctioned 35 new posts for the office, including one deputy RTO and assistant RTO each, four motor vehicle inspectors and three assistant motor vehicle inspectors.Recently, an assistant RTO was also promoted as deputy RTO and appointed to head the new RTO office along with two persons as motor vehicle inspectors. However, just as the RTO office here is falling short of offices premises, these people too are sitting idle with no work due to the lack of an office, sources at RTO informed.East Nagpur MLA Krishna Khopde was pursuing the matter since last many years. He had raised the issue through a calling attention motion in the state assembly on March 29, 2010. Initiating action on the long pending proposal, state government had sanctioned the office at east Nagpur.Talking to TOI, Khopde said, \"The present RTO office was set up when the city's population was around 3 lakh. Now, the city's population has crossed almost 30 lakh and there are over 10 lakh vehicles. The present RTO office was not enough to cater to the needs of all these people. Hopefully, the new office will ease some of that pressure.\"Earlier, the vacant bus depot land in Small Factory area on Old Bhandara Road was proposed for new office. The state government had also sanctioned Rs 54.98 lakh for the project. However, the transport department later shifted its focus to a hall constructed with MP's funds near Dipty Signal.Khopde informed that recently Nagpur Improvement Trust's ( NIT) board meeting has sanctioned 4 acre land near Kalamna overbridge for the new deputy RTO office. It will require a few more months to get approvals and sanction from the state government, but things will be finalized soon, he said.A senior official said the RTO manages over 11 lakh vehicles as on date. Close to 400 vehicles are added to the city streets every day while the RTO issues 150 permits to goods and passenger carrier vehicles, 300 permanent driving licences, 400 learners licences and 10 international driving licences per day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "12553017", "title": "Salafist candidate may be disqualified in Egypt's presidential race", "text": "CAIRO: The presidential candidate of Egypt's radical Islamists appears likely to be disqualified from the race over his mother's American citizenship, giving a clear edge to the Muslim Brotherhood candidate who entered the race late.The election authority said today that Salafist candidate Sheikh Hazem Abu Ismail could be barred from pursuing his bid for Egypt's presidency as his mother held a US passport, giving the country's closely watched presidential race an unexpected turn.The development came less than a week after, Abu Ismail marched along with thousands of his supporters to the Presidential Elections Commission to file his nomination.The potential exclusion of the 51-year-old preacher, highly popular among conservative Egyptians, from the race over his mother's dual citizenship, may turn out to be a favourable development for the Brotherhood's recently nominated candidate, Khairat al-Shater.However, it could also provoke an uproar from thousands of his dedicated backers who had pinned their hopes on Abu Ismail to implement 'God's law'.Abu Ismail's candidacy application may be turned down as Egyptian law stipulates that a presidential candidate must be born to Egyptian parents who have never held a second nationality.\"He will not be disqualified. Otherwise we will take to the streets in millions,\" one of his supporters said as some of them planned a march of a million tomorrow to object to his expulsion.The imminent exclusion of Abu Ismail is expected to enhance the chances of the 62-year-old Brotherhood leader, widely viewed as the group's most influential member.Shater has entered the race at the last minute and has very little time to catch up with other nominees' campaigns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12553041", "title": "Nitish to file nomination for re-election on April 11", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar and five other JD(U) members of legislative council, whose term is expiring, will file their nomination papers on April 11. Kumar has made it clear that all the party's retiring council members will be retained.Other retiring JD(U) members are agriculture minister Narendra Singh, rural works minister Bhim Singh, deputy leader in the council Ramashray Prasad Singh, party spokesman Sanjay Singh and Upendra Prasad. In 2006, Bhim Singh and Sanjay Singh had been elected as RJD and LJP nominees respectively. While Bhim Singh resigned from his seat and re-contested, Sanjay was the lone member of his party in the council and did not come under anti-defection law.Of the total 11 council members retiring, six belong to JD(U), three to BJP and one each to RJD and Congress. Given the strength in the House, Congress has no chance of retaining its seat. Chandan Bagchi of Congress and Udai Narayan Rai of RJD are completing their terms. Three BJP members, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi, council chairman Tarakant Jha, and Baleshwar Singh Bharti, are retiring.The party, which has the strength of getting four of its members elected, is likely to retain all the three members. There is speculation about former CM Rabri Devi getting a seat on the RJD ticket. She had been leader of opposition in the assembly for five years after losing power in 2005.But she lost the 2010 assembly election from two constituencies. Other names from the RJD doing the rounds included state RJD chief Ramchandra Purve and party general secretary Ramanuj Prasad. Party leaders say in case of Rabri entering the Upper House, the question of changing the leader of opposition in the council will also crop up. Presently, RJD's Ghulam Ghaus is holding the office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12546335", "title": "Salman and I look great together: Asin", "text": "Reacting to compliments that the duo makes a good on-screen pair, Asin reveals the secret behind this chemistry.Salman Khan and Asin are believed to have great on-screen chemistry, however very few know that the duo shares an equally good off-screen rapport. Ask Asin about Salman, and the girl has some wonderful things to say about her 'Ready' co-star.Asin said, \"There's a great off-screen friendship that Salman and I share, besides the fact we look nice together onscreen as well. That comes with the fact that I understand his sense of houmour which is very different and unusual.\"She laments on the fact that Salman has always been misunderstood as sometimes people don't get his houmour. She said,\"Some people take offence to what he says, I don't. I understand that's the way he is and that's his sense of humour. There is a comfort level between us. Salman knows me over a period of three years now. We have done London Dreams and Ready together.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551282", "title": "\u2018Having tough time finding info chief\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Thursday admitted that he was finding it difficult to get a committed retired civil servant who can take up the state information commissioner's assignment. He also assured formation of an RTI council, where civil society members and bureaucrats can interact on public interest issues.He was talking to RTI activists who called him on at his official residence to put up their demands. \"We have asked the CM to appoint a commissioner who can clear the RTI cases' pendency efficiently and judiciously,\" said Julio Rebeiro, an ex-IPS officer and RTI activist.Krishnaraj Rao, another activist, said the other demand was about the state amending the RTI rules without consulting the public. The CM assured that he will ensure that amendments take place with the consultation of public. Other activists G R Vora, Anil Galgali, S K Nangia, Nitai Mehta, Bhaskar Prabhu, Narayan Verma and Chetan Kothari were present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12552346", "title": "Court turns into fortress as Rathore produced in court", "text": "JAIPUR: The court premises were turned into a fortress by the police when the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) produced former minister and BJP leader Rajendra Singh Rathore in the court on Thursday. As senior BJP leaders including MLAs and MPs lined up in the court to show their solidarity, the police had a tough time in managing the crowd of Rathore supporters.When Rathore came out of the court, some supporters started hitting the CBI vehicle which was taking Rathore to the Jaipur Central Jail. Shouting slogans, some youngsters ran behind the vehicle when it left the court premises and tried to block the Collectorate Circle Road. However, seeing the retaliating mood of the heavy police force which dashed towards demonstrators to disperse them, the agitators fled away.Before that, as announced by the BJP, senior party leaders including Om Birla, Shivchand Kriplani, Bhawani Singh Rajawat, Ashok Parnami, Rao Rajendra Singh, Digambar Singh, Om Birla, Shrichand Kriplani, Gyan Chand Ahuja and Subhash Maharia turned up showing their support for Rathore.Unlike the normal criminals, Rajendra Singh Rathore ideally set in the special CBI court during lunchtime to pass time for the trial court to resume. The special CBI court was vacated due to the special judge being on leave. Senior BJP leaders and other supporters surrounded him there during lunchtime.Rathore filed an application in the court requesting home made food, timely medicines, Y class security in the jail and separate cell. The court permitted the home made food, medicines and separate cell. \"However, the court only permitted adequate security for Rathore instead of Y class security,\" said CBI's special public prosecutor Sarfaraz Haider Khan.Security arrangements had been tightened at strategic places throughout the city where there was possibility of law and order situation. Heavy police force was deployed at Rajput Hostel also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chinsurah", "code": "12552099", "title": "Girl arrested for killing parents", "text": "CHINSURAH: Police on Wednesday night arrested Mousumi Sarkar, 22, was arrested on Wednesday night for having plotted the murder of her parents along with her fiance. in connection with the murder of her parents. The girl had plotted with her fiance Rippon to kill her parents as they had opposed to their marriage. her desire to marry for killing her parents as they opposed her wish to marry her fiance.Mousumi was produced in a Chinsurah court on Thursday and sent to her to jail for 14 days of jail custody. The court had earlier turned down her bail plea.Mousumi was her parents' only child. She wanted to marry Sk Moidul Alam alias Rippon, her classmate at Burdwan Raj College. Her parents did not approve of their relationship. An angry Mousumi thus told Rippon to \"teach her parents a lesson\".The youth allegedly hired four goons from Howrah and promised to pay them Rs 30,000 if they killed Mousumi's parents. On the night of March 18, the goons murdered Mousumi's father Mohit Sarkar a retired Army officer and her mother Lata.Though police immediately arrested Rippon and Rajesh Verma , - an extortionist at the Howrah's Mullickbazar market - they chose not to arrest Mousumi then. They did so only last night.Special IGP (Burdwan Range) Basab Talukdar said, \"Why are you reading so much into one arrest? The objective is to gather evidence so it can stand the test of law in the courts. The aim is to get conviction for all those who are guilty; not who is arrested and who are not . The case is gruesome and is being investigated thoroughly.\"Mousumi has given a confessional statement under 164 CrPC to a judicial magistrate. She claimed to have she had merely asked Rippon to teach her parents a lesson and wasn't aware that they would be murdered. However, police say, when her parents were being chopped to death, Mousumi was on the floor above in the same house and did not bother to rescue them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12552471", "title": "Banks look for more cash reserve ratio cuts", "text": "KOCHI: Banks are expecting more surprises on the CRR (Cash Reserve Ratio) front in the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) credit policy review scheduled later this month. While trying to manage tight liquidity conditions prevailing in the economy, banks are hoping that a further CRR cut of at least 50 bps (or 0.5%) would ease pressure on credit availability.Banks also said that the growth agenda assumes equal importance in a slow growth scenario for the Indian economy. \"A CRR rate cut of at least 50 bps in the upcoming credit policy review will help kick-start the economy and ensure room for manoeuvre through higher liquidity,\" said Federal Bank CEO Shyam Srinivasan.CRR is the percentage of deposits that banks have to mandatorily maintain with the RBI. A rate cut of at least 50 bps by the apex bank in its credit policy would release Rs 25,000-30,000 crore into the economy.Last month, RBI had slashed CRR, the percentage of deposits that banks have to keep with the RBI, from 5.5% to 4.75%. Repo rate, or the rate at which banks borrow from RBI, stands at 8.5%.Dhanlaxmi Bank CEO P G Jayakumar said a further reduction in CRR would be prudent as any liquidity easing would benefit the banking system. \"Lowering the CRR rate by at least 50 bps could increase the cost of lending, though temporarily. The current tight liquidity conditions will also ease. Lending rates are bound to cool off soon. Greater credit availability through lower CRR will help the banking system, so one more CRR cut from RBI would be desirable,\" he said.Jayakumar said key inflationary agents like high oil prices continue to be spoilers in the growth story, and growth must be ensured without compromising on the battle against inflation. Srinivasan noted that the increase in service tax effected in the Union Budget would have an indirect impact on inflation and hence growth imperatives should be balanced well against counter-inflationary measures.Srinivasan also said the tight liquidity conditions currently prevailing in the markets are primarily because of the investor scramble in March. \"This situation should correct itself this month. The bigger issue is for the RBI to kick-start growth,\" he said.While high interest rates are inflationary, Srinivasan said that the real spinoff from a CRR rate cut would be the growth incentive. \"People have not really been averse to high interest rates as we have always been a high interest country. They are more concerned with growth and this is where the government must provide the right lubricants for the economy,\" Srinivasan said.The RBI is scheduled to announce its annual monetary policy on April 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12551935", "title": "Sops to GVK cost state exchequer Rs 100 crore", "text": "HYDERABAD: Flouting the stated guidelines as well as objections raised by the finance and health departments, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy allegedly doled out several concessions to the GVK group for the latter to snare the '108' ambulance services in the state in August last year. If the concessions are applied to the five-year period for which the MoU was entered into with the private operator, the revenue loss for the state would amount to at least Rs 100 crore.Key documents pertaining to the GVK-state agreement, in possession with TOI, clearly state that Kiran Kumar Reddy virtually pressured the officials to given into his orders and grant concessions to GVK in the '108' project. While the finance department (file no.C.No.14233/K1/2010 dated 2-8-2011) had suggested that GVK should be given only Rs 15 per km as cost of operation, it was finally upwardly revised to Rs 18.32 per km. Similarly, while the finance department had fixed Rs 82,361 as total payment cost per ambulance per month, it was hiked to Rs 95,000 per ambulance per month.As performance indicators, the health department has laid down strict parameters failing which the MoU could be cancelled. Thus, while the health department wanted GVK to attend to 50,000 calls on an average per day, it was finally reduced to 30,000 calls per day. Similarly, the average emergencies that should be attended to was reduced from 4,000 to 3,000 per day.Another performance indicator is that at least 95% of the total fleet should be deployed on roads everyday. This clause becomes crucial for the state as it would be paying the private operator the operations costs for all the vehicles that have been listed. However, this was finally reduced to 90% of the total fleet. \"By paying the operations costs of all the vehicles and agreeing to only 90% of them being on the roads, the state stands to lose vital revenue. However, in reality, in the case of GVK, of the 750 vehicles that are at its disposal, only 550 are operational. This means only a little more than 70% of the vehicles are on the roads. At a cost of Rs 20 crore per year for the next five years, the state will lose Rs 100 crore only because of this concession,\" said sources. In GVK's case, the state also decided to do away with the concept of corporate social responsibility by which the operator had to bear five per cent of the cost of the project. In this case, the project is completely being funded by the state. Opposing the move to award the contract to GVK, health minister DL Ravindra Reddy, who has been having a running battle with the chief minister on various issues pertaining to his department, had recommended for open tenders. \"I have written twice on the file stating that the contract with GVK should not be renewed as the service is not good. I have recommended for fresh tenders as many bigwigs including Mahindra group, Piramal group and Ranbaxy came forward to operate the ambulance service,\" DL Ravindra Reddy told TOI.On August 27, 2011, finance principal secretary V Bhaskar wrote on the file: \"The MoU appears to need re-working. For example, the computation in schedule B appears incorrect. Schedule E referred to in para 4.2.2.10 of MoU is missing. Para 4.2.2.16 refers to schedule F which is also missing.\" But overruling all the objections by different departments and allowing massive concessions to GVK, the chief minister on August 31, 2011 issued orders in favour of GVK. On the file, Kiran even recommended what were not recommended by the health and finance department such as payment of operational expenditure with suitable security mechanism in favour of GVK and also immediate release of funds for fleet refurbishment and replacement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12556070", "title": "We feel cheated by Maha govt, says Ghai", "text": "Filmmaker Subhash Ghai today said he felt \"cheated\" by the Maharashtra government even as prominent Bollywood personalities expressed shock on the verdict of the Supreme Court upholding the Bombay High Court order quashing the 20 acre land allotted to his film school Whistling Woods International.Ghai, who founded the school said, \"We feel cheated by Government of Maharashtra when we are told after ten years of setting up Whistling Woods at a cost of Rs 75 crore that our joint venture agreement (signed between his Mukta Arts and the Maharashtra Film, Stage and Cultural Development Corporation (MFSCDC) is not valid because of a government error that a board resolution was not passed and the land was undervalued.\"\"What is our fault? They gave the agreement to us signed by the then MD, Cultural Secretary and Minister of Culture to have a partnership in Whistling Woods Ltd with share equity and we invested Rs 20 crore to begin with,\" Ghai said in a statement issued.The producer-director also said the change in the film school's legal status can never demoralise the faculty, staff and the students. \"We are proud that 500 Alumni have already been placed very well since 2006 and 400 are still studying and Whistling Woods has become an international name to reckon with,\" he said.Filmmaker Shekhar Kapoor said, \"Ghai gave 15 years of his time and energy to create a centre of learning for cinema. Whistling Woods is not a scam, he should be applauded. It is not possible to build educational institutions at current land prices in any city. Government has to allocate land for this. Tisch film school in Singapore is built on land given free by the Government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12553256", "title": "Not much learnt from 26/11 attack as drill exposes coastal security flaws", "text": "MUMBAI: A 36-hour drill to test Mumbai's coastal security showed that not much has been learnt from 26/11. Despite a strong security cordon across the city's coastline during Operation Sagar Kavach, dummy 'intruders' managed to evade the cops at three points, though police nabbed them at five places in the city.The Indian Navy, Coast Guard and CISF, along with the Mumbai and state police forces, conducted the multi-agency maritime security exercise off the Mumbai coast. During the operation from 6am on Tuesday to 6pm on Wednesday, police stations with a coastal jurisdiction were asked to catch 'intruders' who tried to enter the city through boats.Police boats were deployed off the Arabian Sea, local fishermen were roped in and heavy nakabandi was enforced at various places. At several places like the Gateway of India, Bandstand and popular beaches, police turned away visitors or asked them not to venture deep in the water or the rocks.Senior police inspectors stayed put at their respective police stations during the operation to closely monitor the situation.Deputy commissioner of police Nisar Tamboli stated that they successfully caught 'intruders' at five places, including Cuffe Parade, Sassoon Dock, Sewri and Bandra. The police declined to provide details of places from where the 'intruders' had entered.Senior Coast Guard officers too said that they cannot share operational details, adding they will send their report to the state police chief afterwards.Despite the strong security presence, sources said that 'intruders' successfully passed by the Bandra-Worli sea link in a boat and stayed in the area for a while before landing at the Mahim Causeway. Police allegedly failed to notice their presence throughout. However, Tamboli said, \"It was not an issue of success or failure, but just an exercise to test our coordination with other agencies.\"A lifeguard at a beach said, \"We continuously monitored the coastline along with the police for 36 hours. Some hotels on the beach were asked not to entertain guests and visitors were asked to clear the beach after sunset.\"In its recent report, the Comptroller and Auditor General of India had mentioned the poor coastal security at Andhra Pradesh , stating that many coastal police stations in that state were almost defunct with inadequate arrangements for maintenance of boats, lack of jetties, skilled manpower and training apparatus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12553556", "title": "Small fry in net, big fish roam free", "text": "LUCKNOW: What exactly is the CBI up to? In July last year, the high court ordered the agency to probe the Rs 5,700-crore NRHM scam. For about five months, there was hardly any progress. Then suddenly, just ahead of the UP polls, the agency went into an overdrive and made some arrests. The day polls ended, it arrested former family welfare minister and one-time close aide of Mayawati, Babu Singh Kushwaha. Since then it has not made a single high-profile arrest; only three bit players were nabbed on Tuesday, while it is perfectly clear that a scam of this magnitude could not have happened without the knowledge and connivance of those in power.Some high-profile players, including IAS officer Pradeep Shukla who was NRHM mission director as well as principal secretary, family welfare, at the time of the scam have only been questioned though he has been named in an FIR. Shukla topped the IAS in 1981. His wife Aradhana is also an IAS officer. She hails from a politically influential family and is the niece of Vidya Charan Shukla and Shyama Charan Shukla, both high-profile politicians from Madhya Pradesh.While it has not made any real progress in pinning charges on the key players in the NRHM scam, the CBI has suddenly got active with a Rs 26-crore ayurveda scam that took place in UP between 1993 and 1995 when SP president Mulayam Singh Yadav was the chief minister. On March 30, the agency moved the Supreme Court to prosecute UP's newly inducted Panchayati Raj minister Balram Singh Yadav. Ironically, this raking up of an old scam coincided with Mulayam Singh Yadav's tough posturing and statements that mid-term Lok Sabha polls were less than a year away.\"The question one should ask is not what the CBI is up to, but what the Congress is up to. Is it using CBI again to tame Mulayam?\" said political analyst Deepak Mishra. \"After she lost the UP polls, Mayawati is no longer a threat. In fact, she supported Congress in Uttarakhand and bailed out the UPA in Parliament on the issue of National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) and has assured support in the presidential elections due in July. But Mulayam Singh Yadav, though he helped Congress on NCTC, has been non-committal about the presidential polls. After sweeping the UP polls, he is also flexing his political muscles by reigniting ties with the Left and Telugu Desam Party (TDP). And Balram is a Mulayam loyalist. If CBI nails him, it will only cause much embarrassment to SP,\" Mishra said.If you look at how CBI has acted in the past, a clear pattern emerges. Now both Mulayam and Mayawati have cases of disproportionate assets against them which the CBI is probing. When Maya swept to power in 2007, the then UPA-appointed governor, T V Rajeswar, refused permission to the CBI to prosecute her in the Taj Corridor case. In return, Mayawati supported UPA's presidential nominee Pratibha Patil.Congress-BSP relations soured thereafter. Congress, which was maintaining a distance with SP - the party did not back Patil for President - turned to Mulayam for help in the July 2008 Lok Sabha trust vote over the Indo-US nuclear deal. Mulayam bailed out the UPA. Just a few months after this, on December 6, 2008, the CBI filed an application before the Supreme Court seeking permission to withdraw its October 2007 plea on disproportionate assets case against Mualayam and his family on the ground that it had made a \"grave error\" in calculating assets. Ironically, on October 26, 2007, CBI had told the SC that it had found prima facie evidence against Mulayam. A bench of Justice Altamas Kabir and Justice Cyriac Joseph reserved its order on the plea.Congress relations with SP deteriorated after the 2009 Lok Sabha polls, particularly after Congress nominee Raj Babbar defeated Mulayam's daughter-in-law Dimple in the Firozabad Lok Sabha bypoll. In April 2010, the UPA was again in crisis when BJP and Left parties brought a cut motion in the budget session. On April 23, the CBI told the SC that it can consider closing proceedings against Mayawati in the disproportionate assets case in view of an order passed by the income tax authorities in her favour. Not surprisingly, on April 27, BSP MPs voted in favour of the UPA government on the cut motion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12554069", "title": "Digital edge: Plug tax leaks, end illegal nexus and improve service", "text": "NEW DELHI: On June 30, 2012, television viewing in India is set to change forever. The Cable Television Amendment Act, 2011, will take come into force, making it mandatory for all cable operators in Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai to digitally transmit their channels. TV viewing will be sharper, a desire most Indians harbour. Not only will digitization ensure better viewing coupled with superior service, it will also put an end to an illegal nexus that has thrived for years.For decades, entertainment in India has been almost free. Cable TV, as it stands today, has a distorted business model. Subscribers pay roughly Rs 20,000 crore ($4 billion), of which only Rs 4,000 crore ($800 million) reaches broadcasters. Due to the absence of an addressable system, subscription revenue transaction between broadcasters, multi-system operators (MSOs) and local cable operators (LCOs) is undertaken either on a fixedfee basis or on the basis of a negotiated subscriber base. Considering the strong bargaining power enjoyed by LCOs who own the last mile, the distribution of subscription revenue remains heavily skewed in their favour.The LCOs today declare about 15% of their subscribers to MSOs and broadcasters. This not only deprives MSOs and broadcasters of their fair share of value, but also results in service tax leakage for the government. Media Partners Asia estimates the government's annual revenue loss at a staggering Rs 5,000 crore.By some estimates, there are more than 60,000 unlicensed LCOs, ensuring a high level of fragmentation in the distribution of TV content. As a digital distribution ecosystem takes shape, a coherent licensing regime is required, anchored to full subscriber declaration and payment of taxes, as well as a stipulation that the billing of TV subscribers must move from unorganized LCOs to organized, addressable MSOs. This will help redistribute leaked revenues into the hands of broadcasters and MSOs to reinvest in new content and employment, as well as into the hands of authorities losing out on taxes. Achieving this could lead to substantial national benefit. In particular, TV could contribute as much as 5% of the national GDP by 2017 as the gross economic output from the TV sector tops Rs 6,50,000 crore ($130 billion). That's why most countries around the world have already gone digital.The other reason countries have gone digital is that analog does not provide enough bandwidth to carry a large number of channels. In India, the government allows down linking to over 600 channels and there's a backlog of another 100 applications. They too will obviously need down linking. If one presumes that the speed of launching a new channel will remain the same as it was in the last three-four years, then by 2015 the number will rise to 1,000-odd channels. The analog cable system can accommodate 60-70 channels. There are already 700-plus licensed channels in India, but not all of them are broadcast. With demand for content rising and more channels expected to launch in the next few years, only a digital platform can support this growth.From the consumer's point of view, digital technology will allow transmission of channels with DVD-like image and sound quality. Growing sales of flatpanel TV, such as LCD, LED and plasma, has created a large and expanding market for HD services, which can only be shown in digital mode. Also, unlike in analog, digital cable TV will allow consumers to choose and pay for only channels they want. Globally, cable TV operators provide bundled cable, broadband and telephony services through a single connection. Digital addressable systems in India will also see cable companies offering broadband and tripleplay services with voice.Achieving these three goals could lead to substantial national benefits. The MPA report foresees Rs 4,50,000 crore ($90 billion) in employment income by 2017 and more than Rs 2 lakh crore (S$40 billion) in annual investment and revenue, including multiplier effects across related sub-segments in the content production, technology, TV distribution and broadcast sectors.Secondly, three million new jobs are estimated to be created by 2017 as increased investment provides an exponential multiplier boost to domestic content and technology sectors, as well as helping enrich the TV sector with talent across a wide spectrum of functions including distribution, IT and content production.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12552292", "title": "BJP chief whip Rathore arrested in Dara Singh encounter case", "text": "JAIPUR: The chief whip of BJP in the state assembly, Rajendra Rathore, was arrested by CBI on Thursday for his alleged role as a conspirator in the Dara Singh fake encounter case of October 2006. He was produced before a city trial court, which sent him to judicial custody till April 9.The agency, which first filed chargesheet in the case nine months ago, submitted a supplementary chargesheet against Rathore on Thursday. The investigating agency claimed it now has evidence to prove Rathore's role in the encounter that appears to be a fallout of the liquor mafia's supremacy struggle on the BJP legislator's political turf, Churu.Soon after the arrest, leader of Opposition Vasundhara Raje accused the Congress-led UPA government of using CBI as a tool to settle political scores. \"The UPA government first misused CBI in Gujarat, then in Andhra Pradesh and now it is doing the same in Rajasthan. As long as YS Rajasekhara Reddy was chief minister in Andhra, the Congress was fine. But when his son Jagan raised a voice against the Congress, he too is being harassed,\" Raje alleged.BJP workers in the state held demonstrations against the Congress and chief minister Ashok Gehlot . Even as Rathore supporters wanted a call for a state-wide bandh, party president Arun Chaturvedi later announced that they would hold dharnas and demonstrations at all district headquarters on April 7.Rathore was called for questioning by the CBI for the first time on Thursday. BJP legislators and hundreds of party workers assembled at the party office for a meeting under Raje, national secretary Kirit Somaiya and organisation secretary Sheodan Singh before Rathore went to the CBI office around 11:30 am. The BJP leaders and workers moved in a procession from the party headquarters to the CBI office. Heavy police force was deployed outside the CBI office to prevent any untoward incident.When Rathore was being questioned, senior BJP legislators, including Digamber Singh, Bhawani Singh Rajawat, Om Birla, Rohitash Kumar, among others, waited outside the CBI office. As soon as the news of arrest was disclosed around mid-day, the BJP leaders and Rathore supporters shouted slogans against Congress, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi and Ashok Gehlot. Nearly an hour later, the BJP legislator was later taken to the CBI court.The leader of Opposition also targeted chief minister Gehlot for pitching communities against each other. Rathore comes from the Rajput community, while Singh belonged to the Jat community. \"Gehlot is hiding his government's failures by falsely implicating community leaders through the CBI. He did not spare his own party legislators,\" Raje said, referring to the Bhanwari Devi murder case in which Congress MLAs Mahipal Singh Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi are currently in jail.The Dara Singh encounter case is currently being monitored by the Supreme Court and the CBI was under instructions to conclude the investigations at the earliest. In its chargesheet filed nine months ago, the CBI implicated 16 policemen and a businessman for the fake encounter. Rathore was not implicated in the chargesheet then but it was categorically mentioned that investigations against him were pending.Rathore was PWD minister in the Vasundhara Raje government (2003-2008) when the encounter was staged on the outskirts of Jaipur.The BJP leader is considered a close aide of Raje and represents Taranagar constituency in Churu district bordering Haryana. Singh was an active member of the powerful liquor mafia that has its presence on both sides of the state border. The gunned down man had threatened to spill the beans for many in this politician-criminal nexus controlling the liquor mafia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12552063", "title": "Congress\u2019s campaign committee draws on heavyweight strength", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the civic elections less than 10 days away, Congress has set up a campaign committee to give final touches to its strategy to woo voters with its development initiatives. The party is also working on a strategy to blunt the attack of BJP, which, for the moment, controls MCD.The campaign committee not only draws strength from chief minister Sheila Dikshit, her six cabinet ministers and all seven Congress MPs from Delhi, but also has on board senior leaders from the All India Congress Committee. Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee president J P Agarwal is the chairman of the committee.Chandni Chowk MP and HRD minister Kapil Sibal, New Delhi MP and Union sports minister Ajay Maken, Union minister for women and child development Krishna Tirath, east Delhi MP Sandeep Dikshit, west Delhi MP Mahabal Mishra and south Delhi MP Ramesh Kumar are on the committee.Senior Congress leaders Janardhan Dwivedi, Dr Karan Singh, Jagdish Tytler, and all Delhi AICC members are on the panel. All six ministers from CM Sheila Dikshit's cabinet are also part of this planning process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12551804", "title": "MPT to diversify its exports", "text": "PANAJI: With iron ore export, which consists about 80% throughput at Mormugao Port Trust (MPT), declining by 22% in 2011-12, the MPT has drawn up an ambitious plan to diversify the port from mono-commodity to multi-commodity so as to reduce its dependence on iron ore and coal.To attract other cargo from hinterland and other areas, the MPT has conducted trade meets with traders from Belgaum, Kolhapur, Mumbai, Bangalore, Bijapur and Hubli and informed that MPT is a congestion-free port and they can easily handle commodities like automobiles, cotton yarn, foundry yarn, timber and jiggery. \"New commodity like granite has already been shipped through this port and export of maize is likely to start in the next few days,\" said MPT chairman P Mara Pandiyan.A ferry service from port to Dona Paula to attract tourists as well as the general public is on the cards. \"We are planning to set up an aquarium to attract tourists,\" he said.During the year 2011-12, the port handled a total traffic of 39 million tonnes as against 50.02 million tonnes in 2010-11. Out of this, iron ore export was 29.37 million tonnes as against 40.63 million tonnes handled during last year. The total traffic handled at the port, in terms of export, accounted for 29.89 million tonnes while the import was 9.11 million tones. The decline of iron ore export has brought down the total traffic by 22% during 2011-12 as compared to 2010-11. However, operating income has increased by 4%.\"Despite the fact that the port sector and industry is facing a problem globally, MPT has done well this year, though not exactly in terms of traffic. But overall performance has been satisfactory,\" said Pandiyan. Pandiyan said that though the port has facilities to export more than 50 to 60 million tonnes, it couldn't perform as anticipated due to the issue of illegal mining in the state. Emphasizing that the MPT has done everything possible to ensure that illegal iron ore is not exported from the port, he said, \"Since the last financial year, we have communicated to the state government that we will stick to NOC issued by the state government. I am going to write one more letter to the government that the NOC should contain the name of the particular shipper, to ensure additional safeguards.\"He added that accountability in minor ports like Panaji needs to be increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12552743", "title": "School teacher misbehaves with college girl on train, held", "text": "CHENNAI: A school teacher in Coimbatore was arrested on Thursday for misbehaving with an engineering student on a Chennai-bound express train. The accused was nabbed at Chennai Central when the train arrived after Sneha (name changed) saw the emergency number on a pamphlet in the compartment and called the railway police.Around 4.30am when the Nilgiris Express was near Arakkonam, Sneha told police, she suddenly woke up to find a man groping her under the bed-sheet. \"She screamed and woke up. When she switched on the light, she was shocked to see Surendra Kumar Raut, who had seemd friendly to her in the evening,\" assistant commissioner of police (Chennai Central railway station) V Ponramu told TOI. Raut,30, police found, was a maths teacher in a Central government institution in Coimbatore.When Sneha later went to the toilet, she saw a poster in the corridor with emergency railway police telephone numbers. She called one of them and reached the control room at Chennai Central. \"On getting the information, we told constable Palani who was travelling by the Nilgris Express to go to the S-7 compartment and wait there,\" Ponramu said. At Chennai Central, sub-inspector M Sasi nabbed Raut.Raut, who was going to his native place in Odisha on leave, was arrested on charges of misbehaving with a woman under Section 4 of the Tamil Nadu Prevention of Women Harassment Act and sent to the Puzhal prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12557679", "title": "Nikhil plans his next film with eight heroines", "text": "Director Nikhil Advani is planning a casting coup of sorts for his next project, by roping in eight top Bollywood heroines for the movie, which he says is not women-centric.The buzz is that the film will feature a stellar female cast of Madhuri Dixit , Shabana Azmi , Dimple Kapadia , Karisma Kapoor, Rani Mukerji, Preity Zinta , Deepika Padukone and Genelia D'Souza.And if all goes well, then Nikhil will bring these eight divas together for his untitled film which he plans to make next year. However, he did divulge much about it. \"It is too premature to speak about the star cast. The talks are on. All I can say at this moment is that it is quite exciting because it will give me an opportunity to work with some of the actresses whom I think are known as classic in the film industry,\" Advani told PTI.On whether it would be a women-centric film, the director says, \"No, it is not a women centric movie. It is a fun masala Bollywood movie with lot of women. It is not like 'Lajja'. Also, there are equal number of male actors in the movie.\"\"It is a multi starrer film. It is the kind of film that I grew up watching,\" he said.Nikhil who has made films such as Kal Ho Naa Ho, Chandni Chowk To China and Patiala House is working on the script. \"I can't talk much about this project now. Among other scripts that I have.. I am working on this one as well,\" he said.However, grapevine suggests that the film will capture the changing essence of Indian woman through four generations. Madhuri, Shabana and Dimple will represent one era while Karisma will define the second.Rani and Preity will feature in the third segment of the story while Deepika and Genelia would stand for the GenNow women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12553122", "title": "Holy Week observance in the coastal region", "text": "MADURAI: The Holy Week observance in the coastal region where Christian population is predominant is a significant one. For many families, especially the fishermen in the coastal villages of Kanyakumari district it is a homecoming of sorts as they gather for various ceremonies during the week.\"There are 47 catholic fishing villages in Kanyakumari district and observing the Holy Week is special for them,\" said Susai Antony, parish priest of Pillaithoppu near Colachel. \"As many of the fishermen go into the sea, they do not attend the Sunday services regularly but they make it a point to stay back for the Holy Week rituals. The participation of men in the liturgical services will be significant during the days of Maundy Thursday, Good Friday and Easter,\" he said.\"For many of us, it is a period of home coming as many of the fishermen working abroad and in other regions come back for the Easter celebrations,\" said L Wilfred from Colachel. \"No one will skip the service during the Holy Week and the churches will not be sufficient. The rituals are held in the open grounds in almost all the coastal villages,\" he mentioned.\"There are seven parishes in Rameswaram Island and Holy Week is a special period in the region. People sacrifice little things during the entire lent season and people also keep away from alcohol as a form of penance. The money collected in this manner is given to Caritas India for charity works,\" Michael Raj, parish priest of Rameswaram said.\"There is also a practice of keeping aside a handful of rice during the lent and the rice will be offered to the poor on Maundy Thursday,\" he said. As a special event, a day-long blood donation camp has been organised in the church on Good Friday, he added.Going on pilgrimages is one of the special events during Lenten season. Many Christians from the region go to churches in other villages either by walk or in their vehicles. There is also a practice of visiting 14 churches as the stations of the 'Way of the Cross' among the Christians in Ramanathapuram district. \"Many of our parishioners go on foot to Velankanni or Oriyur in Ramanathapuram and Idaikattur in Madurai district as pilgrims,\" stated George Benzigar, parish priest of Karangad near Thondi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12553378", "title": "Online rejection hurts as much as real-life snub", "text": "LONDON: If you have ever felt bad over your Facebook \"friend\" request being turned down, you are not alone, for a new study has found that online snubs hurt people just as much as real-life rejections . Researchers at Penn State University in the US found that people feel withdrawn and numb when their \"friend\" request on social networking sites like Facebook are rejected or just ignored.The findings, published in the journal Computers in Human Behaviour , suggest that for many of us, Internet is as \"real\" a place as the real world, the researchers have said.\"Facebook - with its approximately 800 million users - serves as a place to forge social connections ; however, it is often a way to exclude others without the awkwardness of a face-to-face interaction ,\" said study author Joshua Smyth, a professor of biobehavioral health and of medicine.\"Most people would probably expect that being ignored or rejected via a remote source like the Internet would not hurt as much as being rejected in person. Yet, our studies show that people may experience similar psychological reactions to online exclusion as they do with face-to-face exclusion ,\" Smyth was quoted as saying by the Daily Mail.In the study, the researchers looked at 77 university-age students and found that being snubbed or ignored during conversations , they felt rejected, and that the \"bad feeling\" happened regardless of whether the conversation was real or online. The researchers found that participants in both scenarios responded similarly to being excluded.\"Contrary to our expectation, the students' responses to rejection were not primarily characterised by severe distress, but rather characterized by numbness and distancing or withdrawal,\" Smyth said.The results show that our culture may not differentiate between in-person and online experiences as much as we might think, the researchers said.\"Although the meaningfulness of online or remote interactions may seem troubling, these data may also hold a more positive message,\" Smyth said.\"Meaningful online interactions may allow for remote interventions that can enhance physical and psychological well-being , in turn providing increased access to opportunities for people who are in need.\" However, the researchers cautioned that these findings may be related to the types of individuals who participated in their study.These studies were conducted with college-aged students who have grown up with Internet. These findings may not apply to people who are less tech-savvy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12555922", "title": "'Ashbo Aar Ek Din' film unit at a luxury resort", "text": "Work hard but party harder. That's the mantra for the team of Abhijit Dasgupta's \" Ashbo Aar Ek Din\" - a social film with a twist in the end. And obviously, when work got over, it was time for the film's cast and crew to let their hair down at a luxury resort on Tuesday evening. Taking the fun quotient a notch higher was associate producer Arindam Sil, who turned director for the day.\"I had to don the director's hat on Tuesday as Abhijit was unwell and couldn't make it to the shooting spot. But thanks to the wonderful team, my job was done in a jiffy,\" said Arindam, who is also part of the cast. Lending full support on his directorial outing were actors Swastika Mukherjee and Abir Chatterjee.\"It was the last day of the shoot. It's a weekend-at-a-resort sequence with newly-weds Karan (Abir) and Meera (Swastika). There were a few mushy scenes which went off really well as both actors are great friends off screen and needless to say, the camaraderie translates easily on screen,\" said Arindam. Heaping praises on the film's leading lady, he added, \"I haven't seen a more production-friendly actor than Swastika. We were running against time and the way she helped us out is really praiseworthy.\"In between work, the unit got busy pulling a fast one on Abir. \"Ebar toke pool e phele debo, was what unit members kept telling him. Since Abir doesn't know how to swim, he was petrified,\" said Arindam. Shoot over, the unit members landed in the pool and that's when Mani (Swastika's daughter) and Sonika (Arindam's daughter), taught Abir a lesson or two in swimming.Swastika too had a blast. \"Abir and I had to shoot quite a few intimate scenes. Before the sequence, we were having a mindless conversation but it all changed once the camera started rolling. Arindamda has done a fabulous job as a director,\" smiled the actor.On being prodded about the 'mindless conversation', Abir said, \"The audience thinks it's fun shooting intimate scenes. But in reality, it isn't so. To keep jitters at bay, we were discussing s**t, quite litersally so!\"Phew, that's some fun!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "4138036", "title": "Dilip Kumar's Hollywood dis-connection", "text": "Thespian actor Dilip Kumar was offered a lead role in the international project Lawrence of Arabia (1962) by director David Lean .However for reasons unknown, the actor declined the offer. The role subsequently went to Egyptian actor Omar Sharif (Mackenna's Gold).Popular Indian comedian and actor-director I S Johar was a part of Lawrence of Arabia, though.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12552256", "title": "Around Rs 10K crore unused, Modi worried", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Taking a serious view of huge funds - estimated by officials to be anywhere between Rs 8,000 crore and Rs 10,000 crore - lying unutilized with the state coffers during the just-ended financial year, chief minister Narendra Modi is learnt to have formed a high-level committee consisting of four ministers and five senior babus to look into the \"serious lapse\".According to well-placed Sachivalaya sources, during an intervention late in the evening on last Tuesday in the cabinet, Modi wondered what was happening, and why government schemes were failing to be implemented, leading to such surplus funds lying idle.Sources said, the CM asked five babus led by chief secretary A K Joti, and consisting of ACS for finance M M Shrivastav, ACS for planning Varun Kumar Maria, ACS panchayats R M Patel, and Modi's principal secretary K Kailashnathan to come up with \"complete details\" about unutilized funds, why they were not used, and what should be done to ensure their use in 2012-13. \"Modi asked the chief secretary to submit details to the team of - finance minister Vajubhai Vala, revenue minister Anandiben Patel, minister of state for finance, energy and industries Saurabh Patel and minister of state for planning Ranjit Gilletwala,\" an insider said.Following instructions, Joti has got down to business. On Thursday, he distributed a note to all state secretaries to provide the details, as the CM wanted them \"urgently\".Sent through the Integrated Workflow Management System, the note has created a flutter, and several bureaucrats were seen sitting late on Thursday to provide necessary details.A senior bureaucrat told TOI, \"There is no clarity on the total funds lying idle. Officials at the cabinet, including Joti, were hard pressed. They also had no answer.\" Modi's concern came close on the heels of Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) castigating the government for \"substantial surrender\" of funds \"on account of either non-implementation or slow implementation of schemes and programmes\".Officials estimate, currently, around Rs 5,000 crore are lying unutilized with the district development officers as they do not know where to spend them, and Rs 4,000 to Rs 5,000 crore are lying \"parked\" in boards and corporations working under government departments. By way of example, an official note said Rs 1,800 crore was \"parked\" by the urban development department in Gujarat Urban Development Company and the Municipal Finance Board. The Narmada department could not utilize Rs 1,500 crore. out of Rs 6,000 crore sanctioned for building canals in 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12552453", "title": "Nasscom unveils health insurance for small and medium enterprises", "text": "KOCHI: Nasscom, the nodal body of the IT industry, is rolling out Nasscom Health Active Plan, a health insurance programme for small and medium enterprises (SMEs), in Kerala.This programme, which will be rolled out in partnership with Oriental Insurance and Medimanage, has been a success in towns like Bangalore, Delhi, Pune, Mumbai and Chennai, Nasscom officials said.Nasscom has a membership base of 30 companies in Kerala, apart from the ten major IT companies who have a presence in the state. \"The new health insurance programme will help these institutions ensure that their employees get the benefits,\" said K Purushothaman, regional director of Nasscom.The health programme has had a successful rollout nationally, with 70% of its 1,350 members being SMEs, Purushothaman said. He estimates that Kerala has more than 500 software companies ranging from startups developing mobile applications to major companies with high-end programs.The insurance policy is going to benefit smaller companies operating out of Kerala.\"Chief executives or human resources professionals in small companies may not have the bargaining power to negotiate fair terms with insurance agencies. For example, maternity is usually not covered by insurance policies, but Nasscom was able to include a health cover of Rs 50,000 in the policy,\" a Nasscom official said. \"Cover for pre-existing ailments is available from Day 1, and covers the employee's parents too,\" he added.The office of Nasscom is situated in Technopark in Thiruvananthapuram, where 200 companies have presence. \"The present Kerala government is very proactive and supportive to the IT industry,\" said Purushothaman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12551894", "title": "CM Chavan's Phalke house gaffe", "text": "NASHIK: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan seems to be slightly aloof from the ground realities of the state he rules. On Wednesday, when Chavan announced on the floor of the House that the government would convert Dadasaheb Phalke's home in Nashik into a national memorial, little did he realize that the residence had already been converted into a commercial complex.A plaque erected by the Nashik Municipal Corporation on February 16, 2004 today is a stark reminder that it was once the place where the father of Indian cinema resided.Nearly a decade has passed since Dadasaheb Phalke's house at Gole Colony has been turned into a commercial complex with only the Phalke family owning the sole flat on the top floor of the three-storey building, Janakashram.\"What can we say about the ones who demanded and the others who announced the construction of a national memorial in this place,\" was the only comment from members of Phalke family. His grandson Deepak Phalke and his family stay at Janakashram. Deepak was unavailable for comment as he was awayfrom the city.But it is not the chief minister alone who seems to have not done his homework. Even the leader of the opposition Eknath Khadse, who raised the demand in the assembly, seems to be cut-off from the happenings in the state.Khadse had pointed out that the doyen of Indian cinema had his residence and studio in Nashik and that both were in a dilapidated condition as the state government had not paid any attention towards it. So, Khadse wanted a national memorial to be raised at the same spot where Phalke used to reside. Khadse was correct in pointing out the dilapidated condition of Phalke's house, only that it has been over a decade since it has been converted into a huge commercial complex.\"It was a joke to read the demand of Khadse and Chavan's statement in the newspapers,\" said a shopkeeper, who owns one of the commercial spaces in Janakashram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12552061", "title": "Firhad asks for evictee list of Nonadanga", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after the rampant lathicharge on the agitating squatters of Nonadanga, state urban development minister Firhad Hakim has asked for complete list of squatters, who were evicted from Nonadanga on March 30. A five-member team met Hakim at Unnayan Bhawan on Thursday on behalf of the Nonadanga Unnayan Biradhi Committee (Prastuti).Sources said that the minister, initially, was not convinced and refused to arrange rehabilitation for the evictees. Later, he asked the panel members to submit a list of evictees and assured review of the rehabilitation scope before further eviction.Political experts said Hakim was not convinced initially as providing rehabilitation for these squatters is against government policy as it believes that most of these evictees arrived in the city a few months ago. But the minister made a shift from his stance after eminent writer and human rights activist Mahasweta Devi's strong message on Wednesday advocating proper rehabilitation of the squatters. The writer also condemned the lathicharge on woman agitators. Five women and an infant sustained injuries in the police lathicharge on Wednesday.Samir Chakraborty, one of the leaders, said: \"We have managed to convince the minister of the haplessness of the evictees, who are now homeless. We will submit a comprehensive list of the evictees and wait for government's move.\" He said that they would submit a list of 144 evicted families for rehabilitation package.Sources, however, said that members of Mazdoor Kranti Parishad and Matangini Mohila Samity - who are believed to be spearheading the movement of the agitators - are gearing up for an intense agitation.\"But they want to give time to the government before taking their protests to the roads again. We will wait for a few days and submit the list on Friday. If the government does not take any action then we may go for a hunger-strike,\" said a leader of the anti-eviction committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12556433", "title": "E-books, anyone?", "text": "With the recently-released Harry Potter e-books being regarded as probable game-changers in the online world, we find out that Odisha's young book lovers are happily getting addicted to digital page-turners.When Harry Potter e-books became available very recently to fans worldwide, many felt that they would turn into game-changers in the digital universe. Unlike most e-books, Potter e-books from the Pottermore website can be downloaded in a variety of formats and read on a variety of devices and apps - unprotected by digital rights management (DRM). Pottermore will insert a watermark identifying the buyer - an effort to stop piracy - but the books can be shared with friends and family.For those who are hooked on to digital page-turners, this is big news. But how many in Odisha are aware of online reading, leave alone the new trends there? Does young Odisha know that if you search with the keywords like \"e-books free download\" close to 1,08,000,000 links appear in less than 15 seconds? Well, yes it does and what's pleasantly surprising is that the iPad and tab-friendly youngsters of Odisha are only too happy to embrace this emerging reading trend.Says Swatantra Mohapatra, a 22-year-old audio engineer and music producer, \"I come from a family of book lovers. My mother has a huge library. So, I'm a habitual reader since my early childhood. But recently when I became the owner of a Netbook and then, an iPad, I entered the world of e-books. From then onwards, I was completely hooked. I have a penchant for authors like RK Narayanan and Mario Puzo but most of the times, I don't get the opportunity to actually go to bookstores to buy books. The solution to this problem is easy. I have an Internet connection and their books are easily available online.That precisely sums it up. The e-books are getting more and more popular because they are easily available and most of the times, they come for free. And what more, storage isn't an issue because it all depends on the memory capacity of the machine. It's like having a mobile library with you all the time without the problems of dog-eared pages, stained covers and broken spines. Says an enthusiastic e-book reader Priyanka Patra, \"My friends and I have just started to explore the world of e-books and I completely feel like Alice in Wonderland. I am very fond of romances and there's a huge collection of it on the Net.\"Priyanka is just 15 and she has completed her board exams this year. She doesn't have a Kindle e-book reader or an iPad. But that doesn't deter her from reading e-books. \"I just download them on my desktop and literally devour them. For students who don't have enough pocket money to buy books regularly, e-books are a blessing,\" she insists. Apart from fictions, technical, academic or non-fiction publications are also just a click of a mouse away. Their easy availability on the PDF formats is good enough for third year engineering student Tirthakar Parija. \"My friends and I usually read non-fiction or technical books online. Most of the foreign publications are not available in our libraries. E-books are helping in our knowledge accumulation,\" Tirthankar says.Those like Tirthankar or Swatantra also multi-task while reading. According to them, the mind can get fatigued and leave little time to search for favourite paperbacks in book stores after working for hours on end on a computer. Reading online by just clicking open a new window is a simple way to relax after a hard day's work.However, this growing trend also comes with its share of disadvantages. Apart from technical problems like continuous development and change in the reading media or the longevity of batteries of e-books readers, this fascination can't always be an alternative to the pleasure of physically reading a book though there are apprehensions over whether this trend might destroy the charm of flipping through the pages of a new book or even neatly gift-wrapping one on a special occasion. According to Asok Kumar Das from Dhauli Publications, \"It's true that the culture of reading e-books is growing in Odisha. But up until now, e-books can't replace the market of physical sale of books. There is so much of emotional attachment that a reader has with a book. Nothing can take away the charm in the small note written on the first page of a book when it's gifted to someone.\" Besides, e-books can't provide the thrill of inheriting a good collection of books or some rare editions as part of a legacy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12552460", "title": "Rail over-bridge new design adds to educational institution's problem", "text": "BHOPAL: The new design of the rail over-bridge (ROB) has further complicated the problem of the Bhopal School of Social Sciences (BSSS), the educational institution that had objected to previous design of the ROB which would have led to the demolition of its girls' hostel. The redesigned bridge, according to the college authorities, would pass through hostel and college buildings and separating the two.The college administration also alleged that the corporation officials are forcing them to let the BMC go ahead with the design. The fresh controversy will mean further delay in ROB construction work.\"Even after several complaints, in writing and verbal, to the Mayor and other higher authorities on the issue, the BMC has not initiated any action,\" Father Joseph PP, Principal BSSS College told TOI.\"We also proposed the BMC to use our land behind the girl's hostel, which would solve the problem for the college and the BMC,\" he added.In the earlier design, a curve of the bridge was passing through girl's hostel building of the college. Allowing bridge over it would have meant demolition of the hostel, college authorities said.\"We have constructed the building using the University Grant Commission (UGC) funds. Therefore, we have no authority to demolish this building,\" the college principal said.The college authorities also said the BMC authorities would often enter the girl's hostel wanting for bridge measurement. \"The officials quite often enter the girl's hostel. The girls are so disturbed that they are considering staging a demonstration in protest,\" the principal said.Currently, more than 100 girls from various parts of the country are staying in the hostel.However, the BMC officials seem to be adamant.To the BSSS allegations, the ROB in-charge Sunil Shrivastava said, \"The college is suggesting the design that is convenient to them. There are a lot of technical complications involved in the design proposed by the college.\"This trumpet shaped bridge is 24 m wide and 990 m long. The bridge, estimated to cost Rs.38.2 crore, is expected to be completed in two years.This bridge will bifurcate in two directions, one extending from RRL tri-junction to Arera colony near the Ganesh temple crossing the railway bridge and the other will connect RRL tri-junction to Bhopal Fracture Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "12552022", "title": "Gorkha Janmukti Morcha and Gorkha National Liberation Front clash in Mirik", "text": "DARJEELING: Four Gorkha National Liberation Front (GNLF) supporters were injured in a clash with the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) cadres at Mirik on Thursday. Trouble broke out around 1pm in the Saureni area of Mirik which is considered a GNLF stronghold. While GNLF was celebrating the party's foundation day, GJM members had organized a yajna (prayer session) for world peace and harmony.GNLF had sought prior permission to host their foundation day celebrations at Saureni on Thursday. Supporters of GJM's youth wing, who have started a five-day-long prayer session since April 3, also arranged for the yajna around the same time. An altercation broke out between the two parties after both events coincided. Later, they even resorted to physical violence.\"The situation is und control nowThe GNLF and GJM supporters clashed in Mirik today afternoon but now things are under control. Four GNLF supporters were injured.We have deployed adequate security to avert any more flare ups,\" said Kunal Agarwal, the Darjeeling additional superintendent of police (ASP).The GNLF had organized programmes in Garidhura and Panighatta under Kurseong subdivision in the foothills and also in Rock Garden, Borbottey and Ghoom in Darjeeling subdivision. Except for Mirik, the GNLF's programme was held in peace in other areas.\"GJM harps on peace and democracy but this incident proves it wrong. People are aware of GJM's terror and will protest when time comes,\" said Nima Lama , the GNLF village committee chief. They also GNLF led a deputation and lodged a complaint against GJM supporters in Garidhura police outpost later in the evening.GJM's youth leaders, however, denied the allegations. \"We organized a prayer for world peace and harmony at various places in the Hills today. We have nothing to do with any incident. It is a ploy to malign our party,\" said Harsh Vardhan Rai, a youth leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12555645", "title": "Kolkata gets SRK for a piece of fish", "text": "The actor who is now the brand ambassador for West Bengal , jests about his remuneration for the job, says he'd rather eat fried fish insteadThe Chief Minister, who has on occasions kept even the Prime Minister waiting, was left twiddling her thumbs anxiously when Shah Rukh Khan arrived 30 minutes late at Kolkata's Writers Building.Mirror was present at the colonial-era building, where SRK met Mamata Banerjee on Thursday evening, before officially taking on the rather heavy mantle of West Bengal's brand ambassador.True to style, SRK came in with the storm. The dreaded and awaited Nor'easters or Kalbaisakhi gales were wreaking havoc outside, when SRK and Mamata stayed ensconced in the CM's room, discussing the way forward over endless cups of tea, biscuits and ...well.. fried fish. We can tell you, rather than serve five-star fare to the VIP guest, Didi chose to serve him food prepared by her 'very own' Writers Canteen.It was only after an hour, around 7.30 in the evening, that the two emerged, beaming, hand in hand, with SRK playing to the gallery and to Mamata, by addressing her as \"Didi\" and claiming that from here on he would do \"only as she wishes.\" The CM reciprocated by addressing him as her \"brother.\"SRK, whose association with Kolkata is now five years old, may have fallen out of favour with the average Bengali when his team decided to leave Saurav Ganguly out of the team. But all that seemed to be a thing of the past as a massive crowd braved the hailstorm to catch a glimpse of their favourite star, who looked only too happy to let the fire and brimstone CM finally take charge, by holding his hand and guiding him through the press briefing.When asked about his remuneration, SRK dodged the question with a smile and a twinkle , \"I had some fried fish today, and whenever I am here, I will have more fried fish.\"Producers, take note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "pakhowal road", "code": "12554121", "title": "Power department goofs up on bill payment deadlines", "text": "PAKHOWAL ROAD: The residents of Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar block-E were flabbergasted when they reached the electricity office to pay their bills, as the office was closed on Thursday. The deadlines for bill payments fixed by the Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL) fall on holidays.Punjab electricity department has failed to check if the deadline dates mentioned on bills fall on public holidays and weekends or not, said area resident Arvind Sharma, 51. PSPCL had decided April 6 (Good Friday) as the last date for payment by cheque and April 8 (Sunday) for payment by cash.Blaming the authorities for causing unnecessary inconvenience, the residents said the electricity department hardly gave any time for bill payment as the office would remain closed on April 7 and 8, being a weekend. Shamra said he wanted to pay his bills by cheque, but the deadline has already passed now.Another area resident, Pritpal Singh, 53, said the rising mercury level has added to their woes. ''They (authorities) did not bother about deciding upon holidays as the last days for bill payment. The office where we pay our bills is going to be chock-a-block on Monday in case the deadline is extended by a day,'' Singh said.Several residents also rued the lack of facilities for people who come to pay bills at electricity department's Atam Nagar unit in Model Town extension office. They said they have to stand in queue under direct sun without any provision of drinking water when they go to pay their bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12553993", "title": "Good Friday: Christians to offer prayers at the Catholic Church", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Christian's in the city, like every year are set to get together on the occasion of Good Friday at The Catholic Church in Sector 19.\"We will perform all the ceremonies and recall the whole episode of the crucifixion. Christ had taught us to touch the feet which meant that man should be prepared to touch the dirtiest part in his life as the feet is considered to be dirty,\" said Father Thomas.He added, \"Prayers and adoration would echo in the church. Tales would be told regarding how the Christ was put on the cross and the pain he would have borne.\"According to church authorities, this year plays won't be enacted. Instead a series of readings and special prayers would narrate the story of Christ's sacrifice.\"This day (Good Friday) is not considered as a day of celebration, rather it is a day to mourn the Christ's death. I will visit church early in the morning. It would be a day of prayers and special services for us,\" said Sylus, a resident of Sector 5, Mansa Devi Complex, Panchkula.\"For us this day is not a holiday, rather it's a day to be spent at the church with Christ. A day to relive the crucial moments when Jesus Christ was crucified - a day to remember his sacrifice for mankind to bring salvation,\" said Aarzoo Netwon, a resident of Sector 21, Chandigarh.The Good Friday is also popularly known as Holy Friday which is observed during Holy Week on the Friday just three days before Easter Sunday. It is a religious holiday observed traditionally to remember the crucifixion and death of Jesus Christ. Followers of Christianity across the globe on this day relive the crucial moments when son of God, Jesus Christ was arrested, crucified and put to death which ultimately brought salvation to human race. Easter Sunday, is traditionally about Jesus Christ's resurrection from death, according to Christian belief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12552271", "title": "DNA proves woman wrong, Bhoomi is still an orphan", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Hunt for the mother of seven-month-old Bhoomi is far from over. The DNA analysis of Zehra Kaniz Saiyad alias Sahida, 26, a Mumbai resident who had claimed to be Bhoomi's mother, concluded in a \"negative report\".The baby was found in one of the coaches of the Janmabhoomi Express at the Kankaria railway yard on Wednesday. The child has since been kept at Mahipatram Rupram Ashram near Raipur Darwaja. The orphanage staff has named her Bhoomi after the train she was found in.Saiyad told GRP officials that when her husband Mohammed Yasin Ali Saiyad deserted her on March 1. He took their daughter, Rukaiya Fatima, along. She had reported the incident to Mumbai police. However, Saiyad failed to produce any photo or documents like birth certificates that could prove that Bhoomi was indeed her daughter.Saiyad told the cops that she married Yasin two years ago and Fatima was their only child. She mentioned in her statement that Yasin was not happy with a girl child and often quarreled with her. Yasin has been missing since March 1 and she suspects that the girl might have been abandoned by him somewhere. Fatima was born in November 2011.To resolve the mystery cops opted for a DNA test for the baby and the woman. \"However, the DNA test result showed that Bhoomi's DNA didn't match with the woman who claimed to be her mother. The results reached us on Thursday. This means that she can't be her mother.\"GRP police inspector P P Pirojiya said, \"Now we shall begin hunt for her real mother. This may prove to be an uphill task since we have very little evidence that could point us towards the parents of the girl.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12551853", "title": "Five foreigners held for assaulting cops", "text": "HYDERABAD: Five foreign nationals including Sudanese students manhandled Lungar Houz police when one of their friends was picked up in a nuisance case at Salarjung colony on Thursday night.According to police Adam, a Sudanese had a tiff with Bilal Hussain at Salarjung colony, Lungar Houz.The locals intimated Lungar Houz police about the incident. \"A police team went in a Rakshak vehicle to pick them up. But they were attacked by Adam and his friends. However, both Adam and Bilal were brought to police station,'' police said.Meanwhile, several friends of Adam reached the police station and barged into the cabin of Lungar Houz inspector Ratnam and started arguing.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12551793", "title": "Alert villagers thwart Candolim tree-cutting", "text": "MAPUSA: Four workers tried to clear vegetation on the sand dunes in Murod, Candolim on Thursday morning in blatant violation of CRZ rules and defying the stop work order issued by the Bardez deputy collector, Jayant Tari, sources said.The work, which was in progress during the weekend, had come to a standstill on Monday after villagers raised a protest and called up Goa coastal zone management authority. A large patch of native species of lingud (Vitex Negundo) on a sand dune was cleared, though no construction had come up at the site. Local residents alleged that four workers appeared at the site with their tools and began cutting the shrubs and other trees at about 8.30am. The locals later informed local MLA Michael Lobo and the police about the activity.\"Seeing us at the site, the workers stopped the work,\" a villager said. However, no supervisor was present at the site. The police visited the site at about 10am and after speaking to the workers, warned them to stop the activity.\"The owner of the property approached to the police station claiming that it was his private property and he wanted to mark his property but we showed him the deputy collector's order and warned him,\" Calangute PI Santosh Dessai said.\"Till the deputy collector's orders are vacated no development will be allowed to take place in the said property,\" Dessai said.Taking cognizance of the TOI report and also after the matter was referred to him by GCZMA member secretary, Michael D'Souza, the North Goa collector had directed the Bardez deputy collector to investigate the alleged violation of the CRZ rules.Accordingly the deputy collector directed the talathi of the Candolim village panchayat to inspect the site. After inspection on Wednesday, Tari issued a stop work order to the property owner, John Fernandes of Goa Velha.\"It has been brought to my notice that small trees, shrubs and bushes are being cut in the 400 Sq. meter property surveyed under 146/4-E of the Candolim village and I have issued the stop work order to the property owner,\" Tari said. \"There has been no construction activity in the said property, however we don't know the reasons behind clearing the property. Further inquiry will be conducted by Calangute police and the Bardez mamlatdar,\" Tari said.\"I got calls from the locals that the cutting of lingud is about to restart at Candolim I immediately directed the police to stop the activity,\" said the Calangute MLA.\"I will not allow any violation of CRZ norms in my constituency whoever and however the influential person may be,\" Lobo added.When contacted, Candolim sarpanch Fermino Fernandes said that he has visited the site the very next day after the matter was reported by TOI.\"Some lingud tree have been cut, however there has been no written complaint about it in the panchayat,\" Fermino Fernandes said adding that he will not allow any cutting of the lingud in Candolim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12552306", "title": "DEO office clerk caught taking bribe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A senior clerk from the Ahmedabad district education officer's (DEO) office was apprehended by state anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Thursday afternoon for demanding and accepting Rs 6,000 as bribe for reinstating a teacher in a Naroda school.According to ACB officials, Kumudbhai Patel, a Naroda resident, was working at a school there. In 2008, he was suspended after a case was filed against him in Sardarnagar police station. Patel had filed a case in special tribunal against the suspension and recently got judgement in his favour. When he approached the DEO's office, Mahendra Patel, a senior clerk, demanded Rs 10,000 for his appointment letter.\"After haggling, the amount was brought down to Rs 6,000, which Kumud Patel agreed to pay on Thursday. He then approached ACB and narrated his case after which a trap was set. A group of witnesses were prepared when Patel called up Kumud and asked him to come to a tea stall near the DEO's office. Patel asked about the money and accepted the numbered notes from Kumud. At that time, he was apprehended from the spot,\" said an ACB official. The trap was laid down by inspector R J Ninama.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12554297", "title": "National film heritage mission to store popular movies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The NFDC plans to launch a National Film Heritage Mission in order to conserve superhit movies of the past 100 years of Indian cinema.Besides, a digital heritage laboratory is also proposed to be set up to make them accessible to the masses, Nina Lath Gupta, NFDC managing director said at a film festival, organized by the Institute of Mass Communication and Media Technology at Kurukshetra University on Thursday.There is also a plan to set up film clubs in universities and colleges, she said, according to an official release here. She laid stress on promotion of movies in regional languages like Malayalam, Kannada, Tamil and others.Lauding the idea of holding film festivals in small towns like Kurukshetra, she said it was only through such festivals that the youth got to know about the glorifying history of Indian cinema. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12553591", "title": "There was enormous pressure to award contract, say bureaucrats", "text": "LUCKNOW: The High Court order cancelling the contract for the High Security Registration Plates (HSRP) awarded to a Mumbai firm and ordering a CBI probe into the processing of the contract, has created ripples across the state bureaucracy. So much so that some of the senior bureaucrats who were at the helm of transport department during the period of the scam, are trying every trick in the book to come clean in public eye, at least for the time being.On the forefront of these bureaucrats is a senior PCS officer Bhashkar Upadhyay who was posted as additional transport commissioner during the time the contract in question was being processed. Upadhyay claims that it was only due to the mounting pressure from the \"fifth floor\" to award the contract to a particular company that he went on medical leave. \"I resumed office well after the contract was awarded,\" Upadhyay told media persons on Thursday.The then transport commissioner Jitendra Kumar, too, claims that some important elements of the entire process were never shared with him. It is noteworthy that Kumar was awarded the additional charge of transport commissioner on November 15, 2011 and was stripped of this additional charge on March 21, 2012 by the SP government. The only major issue that Jitendra handled during his stint as the commissioner was the awarding of contract to the particular company.About issuing a letter to the company concerned to negotiate the prices quoted in the tender and issuing another letter to the same company awarding the contract without any negotiations, Jitendra Kumar says that there was hardly any time to complete the formalities of negotiations as he was directed to finalize the deal the same day.Some key players of the whole controversy areVN Garg: Then posted as Industrial Development Commissioner, VN Garg was appionted as the chairman of the High Powered Committee (HPC) constituted by the state government to supervise the entire process right from inviting quotations against the tender, to finalizing the prices and awarding the contract. During the pre-bid conference itself, the HPC deliberately introduced a new clause with regards to the minimum qualification of the companies which can apply for the contract. The committee declared that only those companies which have a minimum one-year experience can apply for the contract. The new clause left at least seven of the nine companies which had shown some inclination in bidding for the contract, out of the race. The remaining two included Shimni Utsch which was eventually awarded the contract. This new qualification was not mentioned in the original tender notice and was added into it on June 21, 2011.Majid Ali: Serving as principal secretary, Transport, Majid Ali was a member of the HPC that was authorised to supervise the tendering process. Despite heading the transport department as principal secretary and being a member of the HPC, Majid Ali remained silent.Jitendra Kumar: Senior IAS officer Jitendra Kumar was given the additional charge of transport commissioner in November 2011. He was the signing authority of the first letter of intent that was delivered to the company concerned. He was also the signing authority of the letter that formally awarded the contract to the company in question.Bhashkar Upadhyay: A senior PCS officer, he was posted as the additional transport commissioner (administration). The HPC had handed over the authority to decide the prices of HSRP to the then Transport Commissioner Jitendra Singh . The latter in turn, delegated the same authority to an internal committee of the department which was chaired by Bhashkar Upadhyay. Though Bhashkar did proceed on leave to avoid getting involved in the tendering process, it was only after the internal committee which he was heading, gave in to the price quoted by the company in question.Law Department: The Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court which annulled the HSRP contract, took a serious note of manner in which the law department changed its opinion over a particular situation that has emerged during the tendering process and directed the state government to refer the issue to the Chief Justice of Allahabad high court as the officer involved in process were from the Uttar Pradesh provincial Civil Services (Judicial) (UPPCS-J).Nitin Gunawat Shah: The Indian partner of Shimnit Utsch, Nitin Gunawat Shah, happens to a co-accused in a murder case along with the jailed mafia don Babloo Srivastava. Though he was convicted for the murder by the lower court, the High Court quashed the conviction for lack of evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12553893", "title": "From Russia, UK, US \u2026 with grudge", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh is boiling over with excitement. It is just a day away from one of the more sophisticated yet fiercest street skirmishes when the Super Fight League gets under way on Saturday and it's hard to tell who's more excited by the frenzy -- the combat-loving crowds of Chandigarh or, well, the fighters themselves!SFL 2 has brought some of the finest Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) exponents to the city and while they swear by the serenity and peace of the place, they promise that fight night on Saturday will be anything but a muted affair.\"The idea of coming to India was too good to miss. I watched the first event online and knew this is going to be big. The offer came and I said yes without giving it a second thought,\" says Russian Alexander Shlemenko, who is one of the top draws of the event.Minowaman, who is Shlemenko's opponent in their catchweight duel and has fought at organizations the world over, says he doesn't know what to expect on Saturday. \"I don't know what the atmosphere will be like or how the crowds will take to the fights and that's what is exciting me - the element of surprise,\" says the 36-year-old, who is known to possess an aggressive, high-risk style of fighting that has made him a hit with the crowds.American Todd Duffee, who will be on show in the main fight of the night, admits his touch down to the city brought with it a culture shock of sorts. \"Living around no one or nothing Indian in the US, the invitation to fight in Chandigarh was always going to be an adventure. That apart, bringing the sport to a new audience is as exciting for us fighters as it is for the crowds,\" said Duffee, who takes on Neil Grove in a heavyweight battle.Confident of putting on a show that will get crowds addicted to the sport is British fighter Paul Kelly.\"The MMA is like a drug that you can't get enough of and the SFL is doing everything correct to makesure people in India are addicted to it. It's got the perfect backbone in place and the fight night will show you that,\" says Kelly, who hails from Liverpool but isn't too much of a football fan like most 27-year olds from there. \"I feel footballers are paid obscene amounts of money to get kicked in the shins and then spend six months recovering. I've fought with broken hands!\"With India just one event old where MMA is concerned, the fighters know they have an additional responsibility of converting crowds when they take the cage on Saturday and they've promised to kick, punch and wrestle the mission to success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12553336", "title": "Saeed case an internal issue: Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The case of Jamaat-ud-Dawah chief Hafiz Mohammad Saeed is an \"internal issue\" and any evidence against him should be provided to Pakistan so that the courts can take action, prime minister Yousaf Raza Gilani said on Thursday.Gilani made the remarks while responding to points raised by lawmakers during a joint session of the national assembly and senate about the $10 million bounty offered by the US for Saeed, the founder of the Lashkar-e-Taiba.The premier said this was an internal issue of Pakistan and \"if there is any concrete proof against Saeed then it should be provided to Pakistan, which has an independent judiciary\". He pointed out that cases against Saeed were dismissed in the past due to lack of evidence.While speaking in parliament on Thursday evening, Gilani said that he had taken up the issue of the bounty with visiting US deputy secretary of state Thomas Nides during a meeting on Wednesday. He said he had informed Nides that at a time when Pakistan's parliament is framing new rules of engagement for the US, such \"negative messages would increase the trust deficit\".The premier further said he had telephoned main opposition PML-N chief Nawaz Sharif and taken him into confidence on the government's position on the issue of the bounty.Foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar told the joint session of parliament that she too had discussed the issue of the bounty with Nides.She said she had told the American delegation that Saeed was a Pakistani citizen and the US should have informed Pakistan before taking such a decision.'Without evidence we can't do anything'Underlining that it cannot take action against LeT founder Hafeez Saeed in the absence of concrete proof, Pakistan on Thursday said that even the US does not have any evidence linking the Jamaat-ud-Dawah chief to terrorism.Foreign office spokesman Abdul Basit said it was \"strange\" that the US state department had offered a bounty of millions of dollars for evidence and information against Saeed and his deputy, Abdul Rahman Makki. The clarification about the bounty issued by the state department spokesman on Wednesday made it clear that \"even the US does not possess evidence against the two individuals,\" he said. \"We have clearly stated our position that there is no concrete evidence (against Saeed). \"Pakistan would prefer to have concrete evidence to initiate a legal process but in the absence of that, we cannot do anything,\" Basit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12553794", "title": "Government plans tax on vacant land to check hoarding", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is considering a 'vacant land tax' to check largescale hoarding of land and to generate resources to revamp crumbling urban infrastructure.The Planning Commission' steering group has suggested that the new tax should be based on \"ready-reckoner capital value\" and could be charged at 0.5% of the total value. In its draft proposal, the group suggested imposing the new tax on vacant government land too.\"It has come to notice that many developers use vacant land for speculative purposes. They buy land and keep it vacant waiting for real estate prices to escalate,\" an official of the urban development ministry said when asked about the steering group' proposal.The official said the funds raised through this tax would help municipal authorities fund infrastructure projects and ensure affordable housing and better sanitation and drinking water facilities in cities and towns.States like Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu have taken the lead and are collecting such taxes in its cities. Other states like Punjab and Bihar are thinking of imposing a similar tax to curb hoarding and check spiraling property prices. Similar taxes are common in developing countries. \"These measures have checked soaring real estate prices and an acute housing shortage,\" an official said.The plan panel group has suggested a slew of measures to financially empower urban local bodies, including changes in the 74th Constitutional (Amendment) Act.It has also sought much-needed reforms in property taxes. It wants that property tax should be restructured as a general benefit tax and components like water and sewerage services should be charged as separate user charges.For constructed properties, the group said the tax should be determined using an area-based capital valuation system which factors in location, type of construction and type of use to determine the slab rate per square foot. The panel also wants local bodies to be allowed to fix the tax rate, subject to a ceiling specified by law.The group suggested that large unutilized land blocks belonging to central, state and local governments could also be monetized to raise resources. Some of these land assets are located in prime areas and are contributing to urban sprawl, it said. It argued that service charges should be levied on properties owned by central and state governments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12553773", "title": "Deputy mayor: Give us IPL passes or we will up tax", "text": "BANGALORE: Deputy mayor Harish has sent in a beamer, asking the KSCA to give the 198 city corporators 450 VIP passes for the IPL matches to be held in Bangalore.Harish has threatened to \"increase the tax\" on the KSCA if the passes aren't given. This, regardless of whether he has the powers to do so or not. Harish told TOI: \"We are the elected representatives, we deserve to see the matches in a dignified way.\"The deputy mayor has another grouse. Last year, he said, they got 450 tickets but not of the VIP category. To push for his case, he cited the Mumbai example. \"Whenever there is an IPL match in Mumbai, 1,000 VIP tickets are given to the municipal corporation. The mayor and corporators watch the match in a dignified manner. Last year, we were given ordinary tickets and watched the match from the back rows.\"\"The advertisement tax which BBMP charges KSCA is fixed at Rs 15,000. This time we are planning to increase the tax but have not zeroed in on a specific amount,\" Harish said. The deputy mayor is not alone in this fight. On Tuesday, mayor Sharadamma, too, demanded 450 VIP tickets for all the corporators. \"Two tickets for each corporator is a must. We have conveyed this to KSCA president Anil Kumble.\"The KSCA is not unduly worried. \"KSCA has given the stadium to Team Bangalore owners on rent. Beyond that, we have nothing to do with the IPL,\" officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12553601", "title": "Rahul Gandhi hints at face-off with Akhilesh Yadav soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rahul Gandhi on Thursday directed Congress workers to watch Akhilesh Yadav government on implementation of poll promises, hinting that the battle of political heir-apparents in Uttar Pradesh may resume again soon after the resounding success of the Samajwadi Party scion in recent assembly polls.Rahul's exhortation came after partymen from UP told him that the Samajwadi regime would show up in six months because they would not be able to fulfill the promises that propelled them to power but would also take a heavy toll on cash-strapped UP exchequer if implemented.The directive came amid speculation of Congress exploring an understanding with SP for Presidential polls as also who gets to be the vice-president and deputy chairperson of Rajya Sabha, and appeared aimed at reviving organizational spirits before 2014 Lok Sabha polls.The optimism about Congress getting an early opening against SP provided the only silver lining in the gloom that dominated Thursday's post-mortem of UP debacle under Rahul. The AICC general secretary was hit by an avalanche of complaints ranging from organizational weakness to internal sabotage to faulty selection of candidates. One former MP even complained against \"angrezi\" system and sought more accessibility, desi-style. There were suggestions that party groom \"caste leaders\" which is the trend in UP post-Mandal.Though Rahul repeatedly asserted in the campaign trail that he would return to UP, his early hint of party's future strategy could put him in confrontation with Akhilesh sooner than later.Observers see an interesting role-reversal for the young leaders, with Rahul playing the underdog after staying on top since engineering the defeat of Akhilesh's wife in Ferozabad by-polls.The simmering battle became a personalized face-off in the high-pitched campaign. Rahul questioned Mulayam Singh Yadav's duplicity in opposing English and computer education, saying Akhilesh knew both. The young Samajwadi taunted that Rahul's show of anger like rolling up sleeves and tearing SP manifesto on the dais resulted from his frustration that Congress appeared a non-starter. The poll results settled the debate and paused the confrontation, with Rahul complimenting Akhilesh on his success and the latter too calling Rahul \"a good human being\".With the scenario of Samajwadi failure only option, if optimistic, for Congress now, the debacle review brought Rahul face to face with organizational glitches that pulled the rug from under its feet in the hyped campaign promising party revival in UP. Rahul reviewed the debacle with candidates, who scored over 20,000 votes.The comments of senior ministers-leaders on 'Muslim quota', Batla House and the Centre imposing President's rule after elections, came in for criticism. Leaders also complained about ministers being contemptuous of workers. Rahul cut short speakers in the post-lunch meeting when they rose to speak about the negative impact of ministers' utterances, saying he was aware of it. The candidates lamented that 4.5% Muslim quota was announced too close to elections to help the party.Crucially, Rahul defended the candidate selection, saying it was the organizational weakness that did Congress in.Congress concerns are riveted on 2014 polls and aims to keep the bruised organization running by pitching it the upcoming local body polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12553956", "title": "Protesters block road for release of \u2018thief\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Agitated residents of Sector 25 on Thursday blocked a busy stretch near the roundabout of sectors 24-25, for nearly two hours, demanding release of a woman, arrested on Tuesday in a case of theft. The police succumbed to the pressure and released the woman on bail.The woman, Baby, 34, used to work as a house maid in Sector 37. \"We had received a complaint from the house owner alleging that Baby had stolen some valuables from the house, based on which, we arrested her. Her husband Mange Ram had come to the police station and tried to create pressure on cops,\" said the police.The agitators had even protested outside the Sector 39 police station on Wednesday demanding her release. Police said they had not released the woman under pressure, but she was granted bail by the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12557778", "title": "Gautham to direct Dhanush", "text": "Winds of rumors are blowing in the tinsel town that Dhanush and Gautham Menon may join hands for a film together. The two is said to have discussed a script and are on the verge of signing the dotted lines, say sources.It is believed that this untitled project may commence later this year or early next year as both Dhanush and Gautham have a couple of films on hands to concentrate. The director is busy wielding the megaphone for Nee Thaane En Pon Vasantham and will then move over to the Vijay starrer Yohan - Adhyayam Ondru.Dhanush also has the Hindi film Raanjhnaa and the Bharat Bala film which has music by AR Rahman. Only after these respective projects are completed, Gautham and Dhanush will get together.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12552548", "title": "National Maritime Day celebrated in the city", "text": "CHENNAI: National Maritime Day was celebrated in the city on Thursday. As part of the celebrations, a seminar on safe navigation on Indian seas was organized at the Seafarers Club. Atulya Mishra, Chennai Port Trust chairman, and P Mishra, principal officer of Mercantile Marine Department, delivered lectures on the increasing number of accidents and the challenges for vessels and fishing boats in the region.GRK Reddy, chairman and managing director of MARG Group, Karaikal Port, said Indian ports and terminals need to meet the growing demand in terms of both infrastructure and capacity. \"Development of India's port and shipping industry is critical to sustaining current levels and achieving higher levels of growth in the years to come,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12555742", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan to shoot three ad films", "text": "A lot has been said about Shah Rukh Khan becoming the brand ambassador of Bengal and also shooting campaigns to promote tourism. Till anything concrete is announced on that front, here's some good news.With Rose Valley Group becoming one of the principal sponsors for Team Kolkata for three years, SRK has agreed to shoot three ad films on this company's resorts around Dooars, Mandarmoni and Port Blair. The ad film, to be directed by Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury, will be shot in Mumbai and Kolkata.The script for the three films have already been locked. One of them begins with a visual of a rain-abandoned match and players of Team Kolkata and SRK deciding to spend the day soaking in the rain at the Mandarmoni resort. Another one showcases the adventure sports available at the Dooars resorts.PDG 'Ad'ding a feather in his capThe third ad film will have the Team Kolkata players celebrating a win in the locker room, opening a champagne bottle before deciding to relax at the resort in Port Blair.Says Aniruddha, \"I have never shot with SRK and I am looking forward to shooting with him. The concepts of the 30-second films are interesting. While the players will shoot in the hotel, I will be shooting with SRK in Mumbai. I will also be travelling to take actual footage of the resorts.\"Venky Mysore, managing director, Team Kolkata, says, \"We are happy to be associated with this group and will surely live up to their expectations. We are confident that this association will continue in the long run.\"Says Gautam Kundu, chairman, Rose Valley Group, a corporate house in eastern India with business interests in hotels and resorts, entertainment, media and film production, \"It is an honour to have Shah Rukh Khan promote our resorts and we take pride in it. It will bring a refreshing change in the recall value of the brand in the long run. The resorts at Mandarmani, Dooars and Port Blair have become the latest destination for travellers from across India. The watersports at our Mandarmoni resorts will also be highlighted in a big way. We are planning to air the films from April 18.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12553127", "title": "Marxist moolah: CPM meet bill may touch Rs 10 crore", "text": "KOZHIKODE: It's raining money at the CPM party congress here with the party of the proletariat splurging like tycoons to make the six-day event, from April 4 to 9, a grand affair.A football tournament with a Rs 1.6 crore budget , a 25,000-strong red volunteer march, around five lakh people expected on the concluding day, history exhibition, film festival and a national volleyball tournament are only some of the events to spice up the once-in-three year conclave.A guesstimate shows a massive Rs 10 crore bill, which could rise further if the elaborate preparatory works for the event are also counted. Official figures are hard to come by as the organizing committee is tight- lipped on actual costs.However, with the party virtually painting the city red, signs of big money at play are hard to conceal. The CPM's publicity machine is on an overdrive: There are 60 big sculptures, over 400 graffiti, hundreds of flex boards, thousands of banners and countless party flags in the city.Critics say CPM has abandoned its traditional grassroots bucket collection drive and gone for big ticket donations from the corporate sector. But T P Dasan, vice chairman, organizing committee, disagreed, saying the party had undertaken a fund collection drive with mass public participation.\"We have just completed a mass resource mobilization campaign in which party members, supporters and well-wishers contributed to make the party congress in Kozhikode a grand success. Thousands of workers have contributed a day's salary as contribution,\" Dasan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12552109", "title": "Ex-servicemen rally behind Army chief", "text": "GURGAON: Several social organizations, including ex-servicemen's associations and khap panchayats of Gurgaon, have expressed their support for Army chief General V K Singh amid reports of an underground smear campaign against him.Representatives of these organizations on Thursday came together and warned the government to stop conspiracy against the general. At a meeting held at Rajput Vatika on old Delhi road, the representatives accused the Central government of conspiring against Singh because he raised the issue of corruption in the procurement of vehicles and equipment for the armed forces.The chief of Jharsa 360, a khap panchayat, Chaudhry Shtyam Singh Thakran alleged that the campaign against Singh started soon after he wrote a letter to the Prime Minister highlighting shortage of equipment in the army. \"The recent report on movement of troops and its connection to the row over his birth date has exposed how a conspiracy has been hatched against the officer,\" Thakran said.Other leaders also blamed the government of trying to corner the officer for exposing the corruption. \"The day he was offered Rs 14 lakh bribe he had taken up the issue with the defence minister. It was the minister who didn't do anything about it. On the top of this, Singh is now being accused of not filing a case in the matter,\" said Nathu Singh Pradhan.Those present at the meeting unanimously agreed that the government was not listening to the case on Singh's date of birth with due sincerity. \"Despite all the claims of no difference between the government and the army, the bias against the officer is obvious,\" said one of the participants.\"The government should listen to the facts submitted by him and make an effort to expose the smear campaign against him,\" said Col (retd) Devendra Singh of Rajput Pratinidhi Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12555574", "title": "Why Priyanka refused to be part of Raveena's TV show?", "text": "Actress Priyanka Chopra was very keen to be part of NDTV's 'It's my life' show hosted by Raveena Tandon . In fact, so eager was she, that she had all the dates and logisitcs worked out...However, Priyanka soon learnt that he parents were not going to be on the show owing to her dad's illness. Not only that. Apparently, her best friend, too, wasn't available for the show as she was busy with her own marriage preparations.Realising that both - her parents and best friend - won't be able to be part of the show titled 'It's my life', she chose to opt out of doing it. After all, her parents and BFF are the most important people in her life, and not having them on a show like this would indeed make it all incomplete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12555974", "title": "Hacker attack hits more than 600,000 Mac PCs", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: More than 600,000 Apple Inc Mac computers were affected by a hacking attack, a sign that the once rarely targeted company is becoming a bigger focus for people intent on spreading malware , a security-research firm said.The attack affects computers running Apple's Mac OS X software, according to Russian antivirus software maker Doctor Web. Most of the infected computers are in the United States (X) and Canada, the firm said in a blog posting. Apple fixed a security hole this week that let the malicious software spread. Users who haven't downloaded the necessary updates are vulnerable, Doctor Web said.\"This once again refutes claims by some experts that there are no cyber-threats to Mac OS X,\" Doctor Web said. Apple spokesman Bill Evans declined to comment on the hacker attack. He noted that there are 63 million Macs in use worldwide.Macs have historically been an unappealing hacking target because of their low market share. Instead, criminals have attacked personal computers running Microsoft Corp's Windows software, seeking the biggest number of victims for illicit moneymaking schemes. Windows runs on more than 90 per cent of the world's desktop computers, according to market researcher Net Applications.The attack that Doctor Web analyzed is an especially harmful variety that infects computers without user interaction. To get hit, users just need to visit a poisoned webpage and the infection happens silently in the background. The vulnerability that allows the attack to take place exists in Java, the widely used programming language for building web pages.Security patchBoris Sharov, Doctor Web's chief executive officer, said in an interview that the spread of the infection appears to have leveled off at around 600,000 computers, a sign of the effectiveness of the security patch. He pointed to a Doctor Web page for detecting and removing the malicious software, which is called BackDoor.Flashback.39.The malicious software first appeared in September and has gone through a number of transformations since then, targeting Macs and generally being used to steal personal information such as passwords, according to Liam O Murchu, a manager of security- response operations at Symantec Corp.\"It just shows that no matter what operating system you're using, you can be at risk,\" he said in a phone interview today. \"No one is immune.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12553920", "title": "Army truck hits 2 bikes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An Indian Army truck was involved in a road accident when it hit two motorcycles from the rear at sector 20-21 traffic light point on Thursday.According to the police, the truck was coming from Pathankot, and it was on its way to Panchkula. The driver was identified as Udaibir Singh. He was arrested from the spot and later released on bail.\"Rakesh Kumar and his wife Pratima, both government employees, were riding on one bike whereas Shiv Charan was driving another bike. They sustained injuries and were taken to the GMCH in Sector 32. Shiv was later referred to PGI for treatment,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12552908", "title": "New twist to Utkal varsity 'scam'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Former vice-chancellor of Utkal University Prof L N Mishra has claimed that he had recommended a vigilance inquiry into the implementation of e-governance project at the varsity way back in 2005, adding a twist to the raging controversy over an alleged Rs 1.8-crore scam in the implementation of the project.\"I had inherited a bad project. There was no government approval for the project, and the money was being taken illegally from students of self-financed courses. I had written a confidential letter to the then chief secretary Subhash Pani to order a vigilance probe,\" Mishra said.Had an inquiry been undertaken then, payment of Rs 90 lakh to the Chennai-based company executing the project could have been avoided. \"I had not released the payment during my tenure,\" Mishra added, conceding that the project was controversial right from its inception. The final payment of Rs 90 lakh was released to the company in 2009 when Prof Binayak Rath was the VC.A technical expert too had tried to stop the Rs 1.80 crore \"fraud\" in the name of e-governance when the project was at tender stage, but his suggestions also fell on deaf ears, the audit report has said.Pointing out that technical advice was abdicated at the very beginning of the project, the report said a high-level committee on e-governance in 2004 had decided to engage personnel from National Informatics Centre (NIC) for preparation of tender format of the project.Accordingly, NIC representative Anurag Prasad was to be co-opted as a member of the e-governance committee and provide his expert opinion. Prasad had discussion with e-governance committee member L P Singh (then a professor of physics) and advised the committee to refer the matter to NIC. But the suggestion was turned down by administrator A K Samantray in favour of open tender, the report said.\"We had put forth the NIC suggestion to Samantray. Being a man from the government himself, Samantray probably had his own impression of NIC, which was not very good. He wanted an open tender in which NIC could have taken part,\" said L P Singh.The audit pointed out that owing to lack of technical opinion, the tender document was not full-fledged. It did not contain details of technical specifications, volume of work based on nature and period of data to be entered in the software. The firms bidding for the project were asked to ascertain the volume of work of different areas from section heads who were not aware of the concept of e-governance themselves. The bidders took advantage of the satiation to bid according to their sweet will, the report said.The project was conceived in 2004 to computerize all levels of varsity functioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12553811", "title": "Bangalore can boast of bio-research centre", "text": "BANGALORE: Equipped with cutting-edge instruments and 300 scientists, Biocon's Integrated Research and Development Centre was inaugurated on Thursday. The centre, spread across 2,00,000 square feet, will also house a molecular biology lab, biological process science labs and molecular characterization lab.\"The centre has come up with total investment of Rs 250 crore. We have 300 scientists as of now, but with this level of technological advancement, we can have 300 more working with us. We will get scientists from the best institutes from across the world,\" said Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw, chairman and managing director of Biocon Group.The centre will also have multi-disciplinary capabilities in molecular biology, biological process sciences, formulation research and pre-clinical and clinical development.A research wing at the centre has been dedicated in honour of scientist CNR Rao. The lab was inaugurated by Noble Laureate Kurt Wuthrich.The research centre houses... Molecular biology lab, Biological process science labs, Formulations development lab, Molecular characterization lab, Functional bioassay lab, Pre-cilinical and clinical development groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12551835", "title": "Release of 'Tulsi and the cross'", "text": "PANAJI: 'The Tulsi and the cross', a book by Rosa Maria Perez, will be launched at the hands of consul-general of Portugal in Goa Dr Antonio Sabido Costa at Instituto Camoes, Panaji, at 6pm on Saturday. Professor Alito Sequera, department of sociology, Goa University, will introduce the author. Perez is a professor of anthropology at ISCTE-Lisbon University Institute, Portugal. For details call on 6647737.Meet to condole death of Remmie Colaco: Tiatr Academy of Goa will organize a meeting to condole the death of veteran tiatr artiste Remedious J Colaco, popularly known as Remmie Colaco, who expired on March 21. The condolence meet will be held on April 10 at the Ravindra Bhavan, Margao, at 4.45pm.Footpath astronomy programme: The Association of Friends of Astronomy (Goa) will conduct a footpath astronomy programme at the Bogdeshwar temple grounds, Mapusa, from 6.30pm to 9pm on April 8. Those interested will get a chance to view Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn through telescopes. The programme is free and open to all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12552539", "title": "4 ministers plus speaker is new offer to Indian Union Muslim League", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Congress is giving finishing touches to a political formula that is expected to iron out squiggles in its relation with the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML).If accepted, the face-saver will help UDF to maintain its communal equilibrium without giving an additional ministerial berth to IUML. Instead, the new offer to the League is the Speaker's chair.And if IUML accepts the offer incumbent Speaker G Karthikeyan will be made a minister adding another Hindu face to Congress' gallery.The IUML will have to replace one of its four ministers with Manjilamkuzhi Ali (in case they insist on a cabinet berth for him) and can have the Speaker's post too. The end result will be: four ministers and a Speaker for the IUML. And Congress will get one more Hindu minister.The formula has been presented before the party high command by chief minister Oommen Chandy and KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala . It would be conveyed to the IUML leadership once cleared by the high command.But late evening saw a new twist staring Congress in its face when Karthikeyan turned down the ministerial berth. Sources said that Karthikeyan who was denied the ministership when the UDF came to power in May 2011, is not ready to accept it now.Both Chandy and Chennithala have urged defence minister A K Antony to intervene in the issue and to persuade the IUML leadership and Karthikeyan to accept the new formula.If the Congress manages to hammer out this solution, Monday will witness Anoop Jacob taking oath along with a Congress and IUML nominee. A minor reshuffle of portfolios is also on the cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12552695", "title": "Protests brings Holkar College's functioning to a standstill", "text": "INDORE: The controversies over Holkar Science College administration's letter to University Grants Commission (UGC), seeking withdrawal of its autonomy and suicide of a second-year student marred academic activities on Thursday. Students along with their union representatives staged protest against the college administration asking to pull out from the move and demanding resignation of principal SL Garg.A large number of students gathered on the college premises to register their anger against the college administration's decision seeking withdrawal of autonomy. The students held a meeting at the college auditorium.Garg met the agitating students, but they refused to agree anything less than his resignation and revoking the decision. The college staff council on Tuesday had written to UGC, higher education department and vice-chancellor of Devi Ahila Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) seeking withdrawal of its autonomy quickly erupting protests from students.A students' union leader Ashish Chauhan said that Garg's only intention was make the students suffer and therefore he decided to sought withdrawal of college's autonomy. \"He should resign and roll back his decision,\" said Chauhan.District secretary of National Students' Union of India Zayed Khan said the situation turned serious as the principal wanted the college to be affiliated to DAVV.A section of college students came out against the students' union representatives. They accused the union leaders of dancing to the tunes of outsiders. The students alleged that outsiders were adding fuel to the fire for their own vested interest.One of the students said that due to the frequenting of the outsiders into the college, academic activities have come to a stand still.\"The college will take the decision in favour of the students. Outsiders are no one to interfere in the academic matters.\" Even the principal urged the students to not support the sponsored protest that would tarnish the image of the college.Garg said, \"We will take the decision which will be in favour of the college and its students. Seeing all these aspects, we have written to withdraw autonomy of the college. Now, it is up to the administration to take further decision.\" Withdrawing autonomy will lead to competition with other colleges who are till now confined to college level, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12552605", "title": "In a first, antibiotics bar on food-producing animals", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union health ministry has, for the first time, quantified a timeframe for which \"food-producing animals\" or marine products have to be kept off antibiotics before they enter the human food chain.The insertion to Rule 37 of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1945, which came into force from January 17, the withdrawal period \"shall be less than seven days for egg and milk, 28 days for meat from poultry and mammals, including fat and offal, before they enter the human food chain. For fish, it is 500 degree days (taken into account both the temperature of water and the number of days)\". The parameters shall be put down on the labels of the container.A ministry official said: \"Earlier, the rules didn't even quantify how much antibiotics can be used in animals and till when. Now, that it has been inserted into the Act, states will start clamping down on food producers who fail to adhere to the withdrawal time.\"There is evidence that non-therapeutic use of antibiotics to make chickens fatter and shrimps larger are making humans resistant to antibiotics.Some experts say antibiotics are eight times more likely to be used for non-therapeutic purposes than for treatment. Long-term administration of antibiotics in animal feed creates an ideal environment for antibiotic-resistant genes to multiply. Treated animals become \"factories\" for the production and distribution of antibiotic-resistant bacteria such as salmonella and methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus, an infection that is resistant to common antibiotics. \"When cows, swine, chickens and fish pumped with antibiotics enter our food chain, we consume the residual antibiotics and develop resistance to these drugs. The withdrawal period will ensure the meat does not carry antibiotic residues in quantities in excess of the maximum residual limits laid down,\" said a ministry official.Bacteria can transfer antibiotic resistance to other bacteria. Even if farmers turn to antibiotics that are not commonly used to treat people, these drugs administered over long periods of time can also promote resistance.India has also prohibited use of over 20 antibiotics in seafood and poultry products. A recent study published by the American Society for Microbiology said that MRSA, the deadly staph infection that presently plagues hospitals, may have become resistant to antibiotics because of unregulated antibiotics to farm animals.While most people normally have a bit of Staphylococcus bacteria on their skin, certain MRSA strains are lethal and difficult to treat when they get into the bloodstream.Several studies have demonstrated that antibiotic-resistant super germs can easily spread from animals to humans, especially those who are in close contact with animals like veterinarians, slaughterhouse workers, farmers and their families.As much as 90% of antibiotics given to livestock are excreted into the environment. Resistance spreads directly by contact and indirectly through the food chain, water, air and sludge-fertilized soils. The broad use of antibiotics in fish food in farm fishing, particularly overseas, leads to leaching where it can be washed to other sites, exposing wild fish to trace amounts of antibiotics.The European Union has been pressing India to specify the withdrawal time as its imports meats and fish from India. Drug resistant MRSA was also recently discovered in cow's milk in the UK.The finding reported in the British medical journal \" The Lancet Infectious Diseases\" showed that cows are a reservoir of this new-variant of MRSA infection in humans. The study said, \"Evidence suggests that a bovine reservoir exists, from which this new variant of MRSA is transmitted to people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12552535", "title": "Indo-US naval exercise to begin tomorrow", "text": "CHENNAI: The city is all set to witness the 2012 edition of the annual Indo-US Naval Exercise \"Malabar\".The 10-day exercise to be held in the Bay of Bengal will begin from Saturday and feature the frontline units of India and the United States.The harbour phase of the exercise, scheduled for April 7-9, is being held in the city where both navies will participate in seminars on professional techniques.The sea phase will be held in the Bay of Bengal with a wide variety of exercises ranging from conventional war fight mission to asymmetric warfare, interact and attempt each other to exploit characteristic weaknesses.The exercise will also include boarding operations, air defence exercises, helicopter cross-deck operations and co-ordinated anti-submarine warfare.Malabar 2012 will be the sixteen in the series of structured bilateral exercise since 1992.The US Navy will be represented by three US war ships and a submarine. The Indian Navy will be represented by the indigenously built Guided Missile Frigate INS Satpur, Guided Missile Destroyers INS Ranvijay and INS Ranvir Missile Corvette, INS Kulish and Fleet Tanker INS Shakti.In addition Maritime Patrol Aircraft TU142M and other Rotary Wing Aircraft are also scheduled to participate in the bilateral exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12552648", "title": "'Nefarious aims' in stories, Army chief said in March", "text": "NEW DELHI: Army chief General VK Singh appears to have been prescient about the newspaper report on the \"unusual\" movement of troops towards Delhi in January. In an interview given to a weekly on March 13, he indicated that people with \"motives\" were at work.\"Even, let us say one of our forces or divisions or brigades does an exercise, somebody will say, oh! they did exercise. It was not an exercise; they wanted to do something else ...There are lot of people who want to make stories these days for various nefarious aims if I can put it that way,\" he said in the interview.On Thursday in Kathmandu , Gen Singh came down strongly on the report, saying it amounted to raking muck on the Army. The Army chief's response comes a day after both Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and defence minister A K Antony dismissed the report by dubbing it \"alarmist\" and \"absolutely baseless\". Antony had emphasized the Army had already explained the troop movement concerned was part of its usual exercises. \"We endorse it. We are absolutely confident of the patriotism of our armed forces,\" he said.Many in the government and the Army feel that the representation of what was a routine exercise designed to test the ability of the force to move through fog was aimed to tarnish Gen Singh's reputation and also drive a wedge between him and the establishment. As it happened, the spectre of insubordination by Gen Singh's supporters was raised on the same day he moved the Supreme Court to challenge the government's rejection of his claim for revision of his date of birth as shown in official records.The \"dirty trick\" is being blamed on a clique of officials, who have been at the receiving end of some tough measures taken by Gen Singh, and those who would have been inconvenienced had the government allowed him to be in the saddle till March 2013.There also seems to be closing of ranks against the insinuation that the supporters of the Army wanted to stage a show of strength, with the principal opposition joining Congress, the government and the Army chief to frown on those seeking to cast aspersions on the Army. Many in the government noted that Gen Singh emphasized on Thursday that those gunning for him were also pitted against the government.Incidentally, the Army HQ on March 5 had directly accused Lt General Tejinder Singh, who retired as the chief of the defence intelligence agency in July, 2010, and other \"disgruntled\" serving and retired military intelligence officers of \"fabricating fiction\" and spreading \"salacious and malafide stories\". A serving major-general and a colonel are under the scanner in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12553437", "title": "Cong blocks NH-26 over road work delay", "text": "KORAPUT: Traffic on NH 26 was disrupted for three hours following a blockade by the Congress activists near Jeypore in protest against the inordinate delay in completing the six-km ghat road between Jeypore and Koraput on Thursday.This led to the stranding of hundreds of vehicles between 9 am and 12 noon on either side of the highway near Jeypore as Congressmen led by former Koraput MLA Tara Prasad Bahinipati burnt tyres and blocked the road at several places. Bahinipati said the road construction started in May 2009 at an estimated cost of over Rs 10 crores and was scheduled to be completed in May 2011. But till date only 20% of the work has been done.\"The delay in completion of the six km ghat road has become a nightmare for commuters. Being a portion of the national highway it is one of the busiest road of the area and each day thousands of vehicles ply on it. Several times we have moved the officials for speedy repair of the road but to no avail,\" alleged Bahinipati.\"Around three years ago the six-km road was dug up for repair but the work is yet to be completed. The ongoing construction work has resulted in potholes, crates and drenches on the road. It takes over 40 minutes to cross the six km patch amid high risk,\" he added.Police records reveals that the ghat road has witnessed over 100 road jams in the past one year with each lasting for a minimum of 4 to 5 hours and up to a maximum of 16 hours. \"While crossing the ghat road you can't be sure that you will reach your destination on time because at any moment you can get stuck in a road jam. The frequent road jam poses a huge problem to patients who are being taken either to the district headquarter hospital at Koraput or to hospitals at Vishakapatnam and Bhubaneswar,\" the former MLA said.\"This time we have resorted to three-hour road blockade and if the administration does not show any seriousness in completing the road work at the earliest then vehicular movement will be paralysed for an indefinite period on the national highway,\" he threatened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12551750", "title": "NMC ignoring 2-decade-old leaks in water main", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as water scarcity persists in parts of Nagpur city, there are at least a dozen places where water pipelines leak thousands of litres every day with no action from authorities. Surprisingly, in some areas, particularly in Shanti Nagar in Satranjipura zone, the leaks have been around for two decades without civic authorities taking any action.On Tuesday, TOI spotted two places in this part of the city where thousands of litres of potable water is going down the drain due to leaks in major pipelines. Nearby residents said these leak have been around since two decades and despite many complaints water works department officials have not initiated measures to check the water wastage. With no effort to check water leakage, residents are left in the lurch, say residents.Near Shanti Nagar police chowky, the pipeline is leaking from a joint, with a fountain of potable water sending thousands of litres down the drain.Here, an enterprising cycle repair shop owner has constructed a channel to collect the water in an earthen pot. Nearby slum dwellers take drinking water from this leak, he said. \"The pipe here has been leaking for more than two decades, because the joints were never tightened properly,\" said another resident Vishal Chauhan.Just 500 meters from this spot, there is another similar spot. At Mudliyar Layout, the leaking pipe is spilling around 1,000 litres per hour. Interestingly, nearby residents have constructed a cement tub at the spot, and stray animals come to drink water here.Residents of North Nagpur, where water shortage has made lives miserable, are angry to see water going waste like this. Rakesh Ikhar and Kalabai Patil, both residents of North Nagpur, who had raised the issue of water shortage in their residential localities on Monday, wondered why the water works department is not taking measures to plug leaks to check the colossal waste.Mayor Anil Sole said he was shocked to know that the pipeline has been leaking for more than two decades. He said that wastage of such a huge quantum of potable water will not be tolerated and promised to look into the matter.Deputy engineer (water works), Satranjipura zone CG Dhakate admitted that potable water is leaking from these pipelines. He had a bizarre explanation though, \"Most supply pipes in Nagpur are very old. Sealing leaks is a difficult proposition in such a network.\"What he appeared to convey was that repairing these small leaks might raise water pressure in the rusted pipes and cause them to burst somewhere else. He also pointed out that they usually allowed a certain quantity of water to drain so that the pressure in pipes remains under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "12552519", "title": "Italian priests visit slain fisherman's kin did not come to negotiate'", "text": "KOLLAM: On March 31, two priests from Italy landed in Kollam and met the family of Jelastine, the fisherman who was allegedly shot dead by Italian Marines. The priests are also learned to have held talks with the authorities of Kollam Latin Catholic Diocese for an out-of-the-court settlement.The two priests, Father Marc and Joseph, who have been working for the Italian Military offering pastoral services to the soldiers, visited Jelastine's widow Lauramma and son Derek immediately after they arrived in Kollam on March 31. They even visited the grave of Jelastine and paid their last respects.Father Rajesh Martin, the Director of Quilon Service Society, who handles the litigation on behalf of Jelastine's family, said that the rumour that the priests tried for an out of the court settlement was completely untrue. ''Since the case is already before the court, an out of the court settlement is impossible even if the victim's family wished,'' Father Rajesh martin said.Incidentally, the day of their visit was also the birthday of Derek. The priests, who had come unprepared, returned again on Monday and presented Derek a belated birthday gift. They then visited the Italian marines remanded in Thiruvananthapuram Central Prison the next day, Father Rajesh Martin added.Jelastine's family and the Kollam Latin Catholic Diocese authorities too have denied the reports that the priests' intent of the visit was an out-of-the-court settlement. According to them, the two priests expressed their condolences and offered moral support.They had also visited the family of Ajeesh Pink, the second victim in the case, in Tamil Nadu before reaching Kollam.Meanwhile, about five days ago, the family was in fact approached by Advocate V J Mathew, the counsel of the vessel's owners seeking an out of the court settlement. But the family sent them back saying they would have to discuss it with their relatives and Quilon Social Services Society before taking a decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12553889", "title": "RTI exposes dentist\u2019s claim of treating President", "text": "MANGALORE: Dr Mithra Nidarsh Hegde's claim that she had been appointed the personal dentist of President Pratibha Devisingh Patil, is far from the truth, an RTI revelation has proved.Dr Hegde, a Mangalorean, is a senior professor and head of the department of conservative dentistry and endodontics, AB Shetty Memorial Institute of Dental Sciences, Deralakatte. In August 2010, she had claimed that she had been appointed the President's personal dentist. However, in reply to an RTI application filed by dentist Shiva Sharan, the President's secretariat made it clear that \"Dr Mithra Hegde has never been appointed dentist to the President of India and she has never treated the President of India\".The RTI reply, dated October 17, 2011, also states that \"there is no panel of dentists at present\".Following this, Nagarika Hitharakshana Samiti, a civil rights organization, filed a complaint with the Dental Council of India (DCI) state unit to conduct an inquiry against Mithra, who allegedly spread false information through the media for personal gain. A complaint has also been sent to the state Kannada and Culture department as she was conferred the state Rajyotsava Award in 2011.Samiti president G Hanumanth Kamath told reporters on Thursday that the council should take action against Dr Mithra. \"Prima facie, it has been proved that Dr Mithra was trying to attract patients through publicity in the media,\" Kamath alleged. He also demanded that the Rajyotsava Award conferred on her be withdrawn immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12558138", "title": "Racha breaks Businessman, Oosaravelli opening day records", "text": "Ram Charan Tej starrer \" Racha\" has opened to mixed reviews from the critics, but if the producer is to be believed, the movie has set a new record with its opening day collections. NV Prasad conducted a special press conference to announce that the Ram Charan - Tamannaah starrer has received the highest opening ever in Telugu cinema. \"I am very pleased to announce that \"Racha\" has created history, breaking all records for the first day collections in Telugu cinema raking in a share of Rs 8.54 crores only in AP. It just goes to show the star power of Ram Charan,\" said NV Prasad. The overseas collections records are not out yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12553087", "title": "Avoid excess use of water, urges chief minister", "text": "PUNE: After the civic administration and the state irrigation department blaming the city for using more than the stipulated quota of water, it is time for chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to caution Pune against use of excess water to avoid a crisis.In a written reply to Congress MLC Dipti Chawadhari's question on the city's water supply on Monday, Chavan said, \"In big cities, the per head per day drinking water supply norm is 170 litre. If we consider that Pune's population is around 40 lakh, the annual requirement of water should be 9 TMC. However, the city annually uses 14.75 TMC water which means that the per day per head requirement is 289 litre. The decision on water cuts was taken keeping all these factors in mind. Also, it is necessary that the city makes cautious use of water,\" said Chavan.He further said that the irrigation department and the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) officials had to impose water cuts as by February 27, the available water in Khadakwasla dam was just 11.70 TMC which has to be used till July 15 for drinking and irrigation purposes both.\"Irrigation officials have made it clear to the PMC that the existing storage of water in the dam will last till the monsoon only if the civic body lifts 900 MLD of water every day, instead of 1,250 MLD, as has been the norm,\" Chavan added.The CM said the official annual quota of water fixed for the PMC is 11.5 TMC. However, the civic body requires 1.25 TMC water per month, which means 14.75 TMC water is being lifted on a yearly basis. From July 1, 2011, to February 2012, the PMC has used 10.14 TMC water. Even then the irrigation department has agreed to provide 4 TMC water to Pune till July, which is more than the allocated quota.Chavan said that by the end of the monsoon 2.78 TMC water was used for kharif crops and 3.50 TMC was used for drinking purposes, the dam was left with 94% water of its total capacity. The Khadakwasla project has a capacity to store 29.16 TMC water. The total water available on October 15, 2011, was 27.40 TMC. Till date, 7.54 TMC water has been used for irrigation purposes, while 7.25 TMC has been used for non-irrigation purposes. Total vaporisation during kharif was 1.14 TMC. So in total 15.93 TMC water was used. On March 1, 2012 Khadakwasla dam had 11.47 TMC water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12552708", "title": "Mhow all set to celebrate Babasaheb's anniversary", "text": "INDORE: Mhow is decked up to celebrate the birth anniversary of Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar, the father of Indian Constitution, on April 14. Dr Ambedkar's birth place is Kalipaltan area in Mhow cantonment along which an imposing memorial has been constructed at a cost of Rs 11.75 crore.The memorial has been illuminated and is wearing a festive look. SDM (Mhow) Avinash Lavaniya has held a meeting of all the government departments to take a stock of the preparations for the anniversary and finalise committees for smooth conduct of programmes and hassle-free arrangement for more than one lakh Ambedkar followers, who are expected to visit the memorial.Sources said, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan , is expected to spend a day in Mhow to monitor the arrangements done for the visitors. Other dignitaries attending the function will be BJP state president Prabhat Jha , Sumitra Mahajan , Congress state president Kantilal Bhuriya and prominent leaders of the BJP and Congress apart from leaders of BSP and RPI.During the last year, a sum of Rs 50 lakh was sanctioned for the anniversary celebrations while this year, the budget has been increased by another five lakhs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12552720", "title": "Moral policing spoils fun night at IIT-Madras", "text": "CHENNAI: Indian Institute of Technology-Madras has introduced a new moral code of conduct on campus, prompting protests by students who believe that the authorities are playing spoilsport. The code seeks to put curbs on the annual 'hostel night', when students are allowed to bring in friends and make merry without the prying warden around.Among the rules that the students were notified about is: \"You should keep your door open when guests are inside on hostel night.\" It is a once-a-year custom in all IITs when students are allowed to bring guests to their rooms.When the students protested, IIT-M called a general body meeting on March 26, which turned out to be a stage for hot arguments and moralizing by many faculty members.At the meeting, a senior faculty member referred to the disagreement over the new open-door rule. \"What do you want to do in that private space?\" he asked a student who said hostel day should provide some private space. The student answered, \"I want to talk to my friends,\" sending the audience into splits. The faculty member replied, \"Students should behave as if their parents are with them.\"Probably unaware of the Supreme Court observation that it is not a crime for a man and a woman to live together without being married, a senior professor, who represents the hostel wardens, said premarital relationships were not allowed under Indian laws. So, he said, the doors should remain open, and celebrations should end at 10.30pm.Students are upset over IIT-M move to put curbs on hostel night celebrations. A student commented: \"I forgot we are adults and mature enough to decide on sex and relationships.\" A final-year student said it is unfortunate that an institution which stood for progressive thoughts was getting involved in moral policing.Dean L S Ganesh said the new rules were not to curb the students' freedom, but to maintain order.\"Relationships are individual choice and I don't believe that premarital relationships are an offence. The statement by the professor was made in a different context,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "12552690", "title": "Tripura minister tried to buy our silence: Rape victims", "text": "AGARTALA: Tripura minister of industries and commerce Jitendra Choudhury allegedly offered money to two rape victims in his South Tripura constituency to withdraw their complaints against rapists. The opposition Congress on Thursday released a video of rape victims and their family members accusing Choudhury.Choudhury is currently attending the CPM party congress in Khozikode. Defending himself Choudhury said, \"Neither have I given them any assurance to help victims nor have I supported the accused. I assured the victims in the presence of villagers that the government will do whatever is possible to ensure the criminals are punished.\"In the video released by opposition leader Ratan Lal Nath, one of the victim said, \"He pressured us to withdraw the case last week. He said he would pay us Rs 1 lakh each and help us earn through government schemes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12552078", "title": "Goa misses 3D date with Titanic", "text": "PANAJI: A hundred years later, the ship that never completed its maiden voyage, has still not sunk.In 1997 James Cameron's Titanic won 11 Academy awards and worldwide fame. Today it is set to make waves again. After a gap of 15 years movie lovers and haters across the country are set to re-live their Titanic-moments as the film, now in 3D format, hits theatres across the country on Friday. Not, however, in Goa.\"I cannot wait to watch the film,\" say excited 24-year-old film buff Stephanie D'Souza. \"Sadly there's no 3D screen in Goa. So I hope to watch it in Mumbai. With so many advances in film technology it is sad that we cannot enjoy them in the place that hosts the international film festival of India (Iffi) every year. If they could have 3D screening during the festival why not now?\" she asks.Goa's been hosting the international film festival for the last eight years and has a growing film fraternity but there is still no 3D facility in the state.\"During Iffi we got special equipment required to enable 3D screening. We will explore the possibilities of making it available in multiplex in Goa but the final decision has to be taken by the government,\" entertainment society of Goa CEO Manoj Shrivastava said.From P1So what is all the fuss about 3D effects?\"3D is like the cherry that tops the cake. It enhances visual and sound effects and gives the viewer a little extra. It's an experience although not necessarily different. It is interesting to see it to know the technical aspects of filmmaking. I do not think it will make a difference to the regular movie goer,\" says Tiger film Studio (Chowgule college) coordinator Anand Masur.\"Titanic is a great film, 3D or not. I'm waiting to watch it in the theatre again,\" says filmmaker Rajendra Talak. \"It would be nice to have been able to watch it in 3D but one must consider the equipment and costs required to enable it in a state where only about 30% of the population watch films at the cinema,\" he adds.\"I remember watching the film 'House of Wax' with 3D effects in the 1960's and that was an outstanding film,\" says film critic Ervell Menezes.With time, a lot of the old ways are shed to make way for the new. With each new advance in technology, something is lost. Menezes voices this when he says, \"With every new effect or new trend in filmmaking, it is usually the story that takes a beating but the most important thing is the story. The script gives life to the film.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12552097", "title": "Nayeem threat forced \u2018Y\u2019 category security to CBI joint director", "text": "HYDERABAD: Contrary to the public perception, security to CBI joint director V V Lakshminarayana was upgraded to' Y' category earlier this week due to a threat perception to him in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh case. Due to non-cooperation from the Andhra Pradesh police in tracking renegade Maoist Nayeemuddin- suspected to be key figure in the case- CBI has taken up the matter itself and entrusted the job of ferreting him out to Lakshminarayana.In turn, the CBI joint director has detailed a team headed by an inspector rank officer. Lakshminarayana who completed six years in Hyderabad is presently on a two-month extension and CBI sources expect that Nayeemuddin will be located before his term runs out. Nayeemuddin who runs a network of contract killers might try to harm the CBI joint director, it is perceived.Meanwhile, there is consternation in the CBI headquarters in New Delhi after IPS officer N Balasubramanyam was promoted to the level of IG of police and retained in the key intelligence department. CBI is investigating Balasubramanyam because it suspects that this officer had provided support to the Gujarat police team which came to Hyderabad in November 2005 to abduct Sohrabuddin Sheikh.The CBI had summoned him to its office in Gandhinagar for questioning and Balasubramanyam was told that he would be questioned again. There is also the likelihood of his being arrested. CBI perceives that the AP police is stalling the pursuit of Nayeemuddin because if nabbed he may reveal things that may put some police officers in the state in jeopardy.It is widely known in AP circles that Nayeemuddin was used privately by some police officers to source information and other works.CBI sources feel that Balasubramanyam should have been transferred out with his promotion. CBI sources also said that they were 'on track' as far as the case was concerned and there was no way that they would retreat from investigating the AP angle. \"We know that a strong lobby in AP police would want us to step back,\" CBI sources told TOI.Sources in AP police, however, assert that they have been making efforts to trace Nayeemuddin, but said that he is proving to be a slippery character. \"He was a Maoist. Like all Maoists he is well trained to put off search parties,\" a senior AP police officer told TOI. Last heard Nayeemuddin was shuttling between Zaheerabad in Medak district that borders Karnataka and Bidar. \"He is constantly on the move and without a cellphone,\" the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12551615", "title": "NMC may levy tax on electric poles", "text": "NAGPUR: In a move to increase its revenue, the strapped Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is planning to levy a tax on electricity poles of MSEDCL within the city limits (not the streetlights). NMC points out that it used to levy tax on property owned by the Nagpur Electric and Light Colony ( NELP), which supplied power till 172. When MSEB took over, NMC scrapped the tax deeming to a public organization.NMC is thinking on these lines as three MSEDCL divisions in the city have been taken over by a private company Spanco. Even though on paper the ownership of the property rests with MSEDCL, Spanco is the de facto owner of these properties.NMC officials pointed that their suppliers are levied service tax by the central government. \"In spite of repeated appeals, 4.5% tax is levied on suppliers who pass it on NMC. \"If the central government is not ready to consider as a public body, why should apply different set of rules for other government organizations,\" a senior official said.NMC may also tax the space occupied by transformers and huge substations. Presently, NMC levies property tax on only the office buildings. Whatever, NMC's contention, MSEDCL will oppose the decision tooth and nail. However, if NMC is able to get its way then the revenue will increase by a fair amount.If MSEDCL is forced to pay an annual tax, it is likely to recover the amount from the consumers. Passing an order on public interest litigation (PIL), the Nagpur high court asked NMC and MSEDCL to pay 50% of amount each. MSEDCL decided that it would be unfair for consumers living in other parts of the state for expenditure in Nagpur and decided to levy a surcharge Rs130 per consumer per month.Mayor Anil Sole and standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari are leaving no stone unturn to find new revenue generation for NMC. BJP president Nitin Gadkari , who is thinking of contesting parliamentary elections from Nagpur in 2014, has asked his party workers in NMC to perform well and deliver this time. He has told the office-bearers and the corporators that the citizens should feel a perceptible change in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12552728", "title": "65-yr-old woman hangs herself at home", "text": "INDORE: A 65-year-old woman reportedly committed suicide by hanging herself at her house in Palasia of the city.Pramila Bais, wife of late Virendra Singh Bais was found hanging at her residence Lakshya Avenue at around 8.30 am on Thursday morning.According to police, the woman had gone to sleep the previous night as usual. Her servant found Pramila hanging from the ceiling on Thursday morning.The servant reportedly informed police that Pramila used to wake him up everyday. On Thursday, this did not happen and out of suspicion, he went to the her room only to find her hanging. Her son had gone to his in-law's place in Old Palasia late on Wednesday night, said police.He told police that his mother was under depression after the death of his father three years ago. The body was sent to MY Hospital for the post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12517732", "title": "Micromax launches Android 4.0 tablet Funbook @ Rs 6,499", "text": "It seems to be raining tablets. Latest to join the sub-10K tablet space is Indian manufacturer Micromax. The company launched its Android-4.0-powered tablet Funbook, just a day after HCL Infosystems launched two Android 4.0 or Android Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS) based tablets.Priced at Rs 6,499 the tablet is likely to intensify the price war in the fast-growing tablet PC market in India.Micromax Funbook runs on a 1.2GHz Cortex A8 processor and features 7-inch capacitive display, with multi-touch, pinch-to-zoom features. It has 512MB of RAM, and 4GB internal storage. There's 2,800 mAh battery and and 0.3 megapixel front facing camera.The tablet supports 3G connectivity via USB dongle and comes bundled with a Tata Photon EVDO datacard.Key specifications:* Android 4.0* 7-inch capacitive display with 800x480p resolution* Supports Wi-Fi, Bluetooth* 512MB RAM* Mini-HDMI* 1.2GHz Cortex-A8 single core processorHCL Infosystems this week unveiled two tablet computers: HCL ME U1 and HCL MyEdu Tab. While HCL ME U1 has been introduced with a price of Rs 7,999, the HCL MyEdu Tab - K12 Version is priced at Rs 11,499.The U1 tablet is powered with the latest Android Ice Cream Sandwich Operating Software (OS). It has a 7 inch 800X480 pixel screen and a 1Ghz processor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12553912", "title": "\u2018Temples\u2019 issuing fake marriage certificates", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With Chandigarh becoming a safe haven for runaway, persecuted couples, city temples, gurdwaras and other religious institutions are solemnizing eight to ten marriages in a day for huge monetary gain. Now, HC has restrained various such institutes from issuing marriage certificates to runaway couples and fixed April 17 as next date of hearing.The startling revelations surfaced in a recent case, where a Sector 56 (Palsora) based Arya Samaj temple issued a marriage certificate to one such couple, which was found to be fake when it was produced before the Punjab and Haryana high court. Importantly, runaway couples approach the high court for protection orders from their families after showing such certificates as proof of marriage. When TOI investigated the credentials of the said temple, it was found that no such shrine exists in Sector 56.Investigation by TOI in the fake marriage certificates revealed that one Shrutikant Arya is operating from Phase VI, Mohali. On verification of registration number of said 'Arya Samaj Mandir' as 1002/2003 from Sector-17 based registrar of society, it was found that said registration number does not belong to Arya Samaj.On verification of serial number of some marriage certificates (TOI is in possession of such certificates) issued by the said 'temple', it was found that within a period of five days it issued 40 marriage certificates to various couples.Importantly, the matter of such fake certificates issued by the said temple is also pending before the Phase-I police station, where one Narinder Kumar of Karnal district of Haryana has moved a complaint against the said temple. Claiming to be cheated by Shrutikant Arya of Sector 56, Narinder has sought probe to crack the gang' and to refund the amount charged by the said temple for a marriage certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12551955", "title": "Jashn-e-Bahar mushaira to be held today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Noted Urdu poets Javed Akhtar and Wasim Barelvi will grace the much-awaited annual Mushaira Jashn-e-Bahar at Delhi Public School, Mathura Road, on Friday.The line-up for the 13th edition of the international mushaira boasts of shayars from the US, the UK, Canada, Dubai and Pakistan and will celebrate the global reach and spread of the Urdu language. Those participating from abroad include Max Bruce from Austin (USA) Dr Taqi Abidi from Toronto and Basir Kazmi (Manchester). Pakistani poets Zehra Nigah and Anwar Masood will come from Karachi and Islamabad respectively. Other Indian poets include: Mansoor Usmani, Gauhar Raza, Rajesh Reddy, Nasrin Naqqash and Dr Nuzhat Anjum.\"We want to present the diversity in the practice of Urdu verse and its cross-cultural richness to our audiences\" says Kamna Prasad, founder Jashn-e-Bahar Trust.According to Prasad, the mushaira aims to trace the journey of Urdu as a metaphor of modern India. \"It focuses on bringing this global identity of Urdu to its lovers in its birthplace,\" says Prasad. Presided by eminent litterateur Ashok Vajpeyi, the mushaira will offer the best of contemporary Urdu poetry in all its beautiful shades and styles: satire, humour, nazm or long poem and ghazal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12557791", "title": "Dance India Dance gets Magical", "text": "Till now you have only seen mesmerizing performances on the hallowed stage of Zee TV's Maruti Suzuki Dance India Dance Season 3.This is the first time magic was actually attempted on stage leaving the audience spellbound. The theme of the episode was 'Magic' and it was the first time that magic was weaved into the dance acts.Be it in Mohena's upper part of the body disappearing, or Raghav putting a sword through Pradeep's throat, you are bound to be stupefied. Abhik and Rajsmita's tribute to Anil Kapoor and Sridevi's iconic chartbuster Kaante Nahi Chubhte Din Ye Raat from the movie Mr India will take you back to the magical 80's. The act was replete with the sloppy hat hanging in mid air and Abhik visible every time the red light was switched on.Master Geeta says, \"The song from Mr India was in my mind for a very long time and this was just the right opportunity for an act like this.\" Master Terence says, \"Every contestant had to put in their heart and soul to pull off the act on stage with finesse. It was not just dance but dance coupled with tricks to make every transition seem seamless and every trick look like 'Magic.'\" \"\"At this stage of the competition no contestant is leaving any stone unturned to reach the top,\" says a proud Master Remo.Just when you thought the episode has ended Grandmaster Mithun Chakraborty took center stage for the final act and with a wave of his hand made Jay Bhanushali disappear.Sumit Jha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kapurthala", "code": "12554177", "title": "VIP treatment to Bibi: Probe begins", "text": "KAPURTHALA: IG (prisons) Jagit Singh started enquiry on Wednesday night into the allegations of VIP treatment extended to former minister Bibi Jagir Kaur in Kapurthala jail.Meanwhile, on Thursday there was a significant fall in number of visitors for Bibi.The IG visited jail on Wednesday late night and then again on Thursday. The enquiry was ordered by DGP (Prisons) Shashi Kant after reports about the VIP treatment being extended to Bibi in jail.He questioned the officials about the allegations of VIP treatment to Bibi and reports of providing LCD screen and a dish antenna.It is learnt that he also questioned Bibi's fellow prisoners in women's ward to know if there was any disparity in the facilities being provided to them and Bibi. About visitors, he questioned jail superintendent S P Khanna. Sources said, latter he told the IG that no VIP treatment was being extended to Bibi and everything was being done according to the provisions of the Punjab jail manual.Also, the jail authorities denied that LCD screen or dish antenna was ever fitted in Bibi's ward. It is learnt that the IG that her block was not even having a TV even some other blocks had it. \"TVs are still being installed in the jail which has been recently constructed,\" he said.IG Jagjit Singh said he would complete his probe ina couple of days and would submit the report to DGP (Prisons). On Thursday, no VIP visited Bibi but around 40 visitors called on her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "rewari", "code": "12554253", "title": "Land row: Haryana minister, MP bat for farmers", "text": "REWARI: The hands of residents of five villages protesting against acquisition of their land for a residential project were strengthened on Thursday after 51 villages of Rewari district decided to back their struggle.The panchayat, which was attended by the Haryana power minister Capt Ajay Singh Yadav, Gurgaon MP Rao Inderjeet Singh and former MP and BJP leader Sudha Yadav decided to meet the chief minister on Friday to demand withdrawal of the project.The protesting residents of five villages lifted their six-day dharna at Poswal chowk in the town after the meeting, but warned that they would resume their agitation if their land was not returned.People of Kalaka, Konsiwas, Jhanjhanwas, Peewra and Mataiya Kalan villages, adjoining Rewari town, opposed the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) move to develop two residential sectors on their land. HUDA proposed acquire around 454.93 acres land of these villages.Yadav and Rao Inderjit Singh - two senior Congressmen from Ahirwal region who are considered rivals - have joined hands to support the demand of the residents.Addressing the panchayat, Yadav said he would make every effort to save the land of farmers and hoped that the state government would accede to their demands. Rao Inderjeet stated that he was with the villagers in this agitation and even ready to take on his government.The sarpanch of Kalaka village, Kirori Ma,l who presided over the panchayat, said the chunk of agriculture land earmarked for the residential sector is very fertile and farmers depend on this to earn a living.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12553998", "title": "Observe Maundy Thursday", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On Thursday, Christians in city remembered the Last Supper, when Jesus took bread and wine, and shared them with his 12 disciples. Devotees too took a piece of bread, prepared especially from rice powder, and ate it in the evening to recollect the whole episode. Maundy Thursday commemorates Jesus Christ's last supper with his 12 disciples before he was crucified.\"This is not the normal which is available in the market. This bread is specially prepared with rice powder and only a single piece of bread is eaten by all of us. The bread that Jesus Christ had with his disciples at the last supper was also a single piece of bread. He told them to consider it his body and blood,\" said Father Thomas.The supper was taken at 6pm on Thursday and it continued till midnight, which is the beginning of Good Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551411", "title": "Horse owner denies \u2018Sholay\u2019 connection", "text": "MUMBAI: Jeetu Verma, who supplies horses for film shoots, has claimed his horse featured in a TOI report on Sunday did not work in Sholay. He added the horse was younger and called Ratan Khatri, after a former matka king, not Superman as mentioned.Verma told TOI from Punjab: \"The horse mentioned is Ratan Khatri, which is 32 years old. It worked in Jodha Akbar, but not Sholay. I take proper care of all my horses, including this one.\" During an inspection of a Malad stable, the high court-appointed Horse Survey Team spotted an ailing and wounded Superman and the members demanded retirement for it.The panel members maintained they were told by Verma's staff that the animal was 38 years old and that it had worked in Sholay. Bombay Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals ( BSPCA) secretary Lt Col J C Khanna added, \"Our member on the team, which inspected this horse, found it ailing. In the affidavit, its age is 38 but its name is not stated.\"Asked why his men had said that the horse was in Sholay, Verma said: \"I was not at the stable during the inspection.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12553245", "title": "Ghatampur court to start functioning from tomorrow", "text": "KANPUR: The newly constituted Ghatampur tehsil court would start functioning from April 7.All preparations have been completed and final touches are being given. Justice Imtiyaz Murtaza will inaugurate the court at 10am. I M Khan, chairman, Bar Council of India is expected to attend the function.Justice Murtaza would also lay the foundation stone of new court building as land for it had been transferred in the name of civil court. Nagar palika, Ghatampur, had allotted land for the new building and premises recently. At present, the court would start working in a courtroom which was constructed by the Ghatampur lawyers. All the lawyers and associated persons such as typists, stamp vendors and clerks had donated for the construction of courtroom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12552085", "title": "Dwarka maid abuse case: Girl\u2019s mother says she is not a minor", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a fresh twist in the Dwarka case in which a doctor couple was arrested for allegedly employing a minor domestic help and mistreating her, the victim's mother is learnt to have told the police that her daughter is 18-years-old. A report verifying the victim's age is now awaited.According to sources, the victim's mother, who has still not been produced before CWC, has said that her daughter is not a minor. Earlier, she had been brought to the capital by someone. Cops had gone to the girl's village on Wednesday and her mother has been in the capital since then, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12553210", "title": "Akhilesh, Ambika among SP candidates for council poll", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and revenue minister Ambika Chaudhary are among the seven candidates announced by the Samajwadi Party on Thursday for the forthcoming Legislative Council election to be held on April 26. Going by the SP's present strength of 224 in the Vidhan Sabha, all the seven candidates are likely to win.While Akhilesh did not contest the assembly polls, Ambika lost from Phephna. Both of them were required to reach the state assembly or council within six months after being sworn in. Other names in the list include party's chief spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary, national president of party's women wing Dr Madhu Gupta, Umar Khan, Vijay Yadav and Naresh Uttam.Umar Khan's inclusion in the list is surprising as he is a newcomer to the SP. Son-in-law of the Shahi Imaam of Jama Masjid, Umar had contested the assembly elections from Saharanpur but lost. The party has now paved the way for his entry into the state legislature through the council route. Opposing Umar Khan's candidature from Saharanpur, Mulayam's old loyalist Rasheed Masood left SP a few months before the state assembly elections and joined Congress.After Lucknow's mayoral seat was declared reserved for women, Madhu Gupta, who had contested the election unsuccessfully twice in the past, was being seen as the obvious choice. But, by fielding her in the council poll, the party has indicated that it will for a new face for the mayor's election.Vijay Yadav happens to be the son a long-time Mulayam loyalist Ram Karan Yadav of Ghazipur. After Ram Karan's death, Mulayam nominated Vijay Yadav to the council for the first time in late 1990s. Another candidate who has earlier been a member of the council is Naresh Uttam from Allahabad. He too is a Mulayam loyalist and has been associated with the party since the start of his political career.Same is the case with senior leader Ambika Chawdhary. One of the very few party members who has been a part of every single Mulayam Singh cabinet, Chaudhary contested from Phephna in Ballia in the assembly election as his traditional Koachit seat ceased to exist after delimitation. The changed demographic and caste character of the new constituency didn't go in his favour and he lost narrowly to the BJP candidate. But, he was still inducted in the cabinet as the revenue minister. So, his candidature for the council poll was a foregone conclusion.Party spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary has been a Mulayam loyalist since the days of the Janata Party. He also became an MLA in 1977 and has been handling the media all through the political lull that the party had to face till the recent past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12552040", "title": "Hyderabad contractors paid for roads that don't exist", "text": "HYDERABAD: The GHMC has landed in a tight spot after realizing that it has paid contractors for the construction of CC roads which do not exist in reality. This has come to light following numerous complaints from residents putting the corporation in a damage control mode. After scrutinising books, it found glaring shortfalls in measurement and even cases where no work has been done at all.In a survey of 2000 small maintenance contracts in the South Zone, the GHMC has so far stumbled upon embezzlement of funds by contractors in 36 cases to the tune of more than Rs 50 lakh in two divisions alone. In a letter issued in late February, the GHMC commissioner has ordered recovery of the same.Rubbishing these figures, sources say that the loss runs into crores and that GHMC suspending three engineers is akin to letting the accused go off with a slap on the wrist. Former standing committee member M A Basith alleges, \"Most of the work hasn't been taken up at all or is incomplete. I have written to the GHMC furnishing evidence of the same. I even filed RTI enquiries on many occasions but officials have done very little. All these contractors have embezzled funds. Officials say that it is a matter of only a few lakhs but the loss could run into crores. The action taken has come very late.\"According to the contents of the letter, the GHMC commissioner has ordered withholding of amounts payable to the 23 contractors till a final report is received from the enquiry officer. Out of the 36 cases, Rs 19.74 lakh was paid for civil work which was not done. Another Rs 30.77 lakh was paid despite noticing a shortfall in MB when compared to actual site measurements. The GHMC had obliged without making an effort to even visit the site. Sources say that most of the fudging of funds was done on the pretext of laying CC and BT roads and for repairing catchpits primarily in the Doodhbowli and Fatehdarwaza divisions. Most of these contracts were awarded on the basis of nomination.Sources also point to a corporator-contractor nexus with the former awarding the contracts often to a relative. GHMC commissioner M T Krishna Babu may be mulling over cancelling awarding contracts by means of nomination, but sources rue that it may be too late as crores of rupees have already filled the coffers of these contractors.When contacted, GHMC officials claimed that this was an isolated incident of embezzlement. Engineer in chief of GHMC R Dhan Singh said, \"An inspection of around 70 sites was done out of which we have found anomalies in 36. An enquiry officer will be appointed within a month and the government has instructed us to frame the list of charges. The commissioner has ordered that the pending bills of contractors figuring on the list to be blocked, including those at other sites in other divisions. After this, disciplinary action will be taken against the accused.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12553544", "title": "Man falls from fifth floor, dies", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 45-year-old caretaker of Life Insurance Corporation guest house died after he allegedly fell from the 5th floor guest house at Gyan Ganga Apartment opposite IT College in Mahanagar police station area late on Thursday evening.Whether the victim fell or committed suicide could not be ascertained, the police said. The man was identified as Pooran Singh Nainwal, a resident of Kalyanpur in Gudamba police station area.According to reports, Nainwal, who was the caretaker of the LIC guest house at the 5th floor of the six-storey Gyan Ganga Apartment, used to look after the LIC establishment from morning till late evening and leave for his home in Kalyanpur in the night.However, on Thursday evening, he fell from 5the floor on the ground at the apartment and died on the spot.The police said that since the guest house doors were locked from inside, any foul play in the incident doesn't look to be a probability.There are only two possibilities, the police said and added that either Nainwal fell from the balcony at the guest house or has committed suicide.The matter was being investigated, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "12556451", "title": "Rangasamy to attend chief ministers' meet on internal security", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: Puducherry chief minister N Rangasamy will attend the all India chief ministers' meet convened by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on internal security at Delhi on April 16.Rangasamy would also bring to the notice of the Centre the current financial predicament of Puducherry government, which comes under the direct control of Union home ministry, official sources said.Puducherry is faced with paucity of funds and with the annual plan (2012-2013) size is yet to be decided the government has only passed a vote on account in the last week`s session of the House earmarking around Rs 1,262 crores for the first four months from April.Rangasamy would also call on Union power minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and urge him to enhance allocation of natural gas from the ONGC for Pondicherry Power Corporation Limited in Karaikal, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12553958", "title": "Residents can keep tabs on sanitation staff", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With an initiative of the municipal corporation to display the details and residence proof of the safai karamcharis of a particular area in the locality, the residents would soon be able to identify and keep a tab on the workers in their respective areas. It is reported that presently over 50 percent sanitation workers do not turn up for field work.The officials of the health department have ordered the credentials of sanitation workers of each ward should be displayed at the community centre in the respective ward for the residents' information. \"There are over 50 sanitation workers in my ward, but I am shocked to see just 15 to 20 of them on a daily basis. I fail to understand where the rest of the employees go,\" said municipal councillor Davesh Moudgil.\"I undertook a physical verification in my ward and was surprised to see only 30% employees on work in my area,\" said Subash Chawla, another municipal councillor.Municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh directed the medical officer to provide the details to each councillor within 15 days.MC has around 1,000 permanent sanitation workers while the remaining 4,000 plus workers are hired on contract. The authority has urged administration to sanction more employees, but hasn't got any clearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12552625", "title": "Shipping minister in Belgium", "text": "CHENNAI: The Union minister of shipping G K Vasan, who is currently visiting Belgium, met minister and the president of Flanders Region Kris Peeters on Wednesday.A statement issued by the minister's office said he had discussed the possibilities of more investments in the port sector, capacity building of the labour force and developing inland water ways. Vasan has also addressed a Belgo-Indian Seminar on ports, infrastructure, shipping and logistics organized by the Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) and Port of Antwerp for the business delegates of Belgium and India.The minister also visited the Antwerp port and seen the various facilities provided by the port authority to the users.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12552018", "title": "Ponda fire: Land owner in hot water", "text": "PONDA: Concerned over the fire that gutted abandoned waste at Dhavali Ponda on Saturday, Ponda deputy collector and sub-divisional officer Johnson Fernandes lodged a police complaint against the landowner Kashinath Gawde on Thursday.Ponda police had registered no offence until late Thursday evening. Police said the matter was at the application inquiry stage and they are ascertaining the ownership of the land.Some unknown person had set fire to some abandoned waste on Saturday evening. The fire soon engulfed the Acacia trees in the forest land surrounding the spot. Five tenders were summoned from Ponda, Kundaim, Margao and Panaji to bring the flames under control.The fire was not doused. When TOI visited thesite on Thursday, smoke was still emanating from the semi-gutted waste dumps. Sources from the village revealed that a scrapyard situated near the incident place brings in industrial waste, sorts the good ones and sets the 'useless' waste on fire.Fernandes has asked the police to register an offence against landowner Kashinath Gawde, a resident of Dhavali under Section 3(iii) of Goa Non-Biodegradable Garbage (Control) Act and Section 8 of the Environment Protection Act. The landowner should be held responsible for the fire and must be instructed to cap the dumpsite at his own cost to prevent leakage of leachate, the complaint states.Admitting that they have received the complaint, the police said that they are ascertaining the ownership of the land and after that, the offence will be registered against the legal owner of the land if he is found responsible for the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12552255", "title": "Villagers booked for destroying property", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A day after police booked liquor baron Ponty Chaddha for the alleged sale of spurious liquor, local residents have been booked for destroying property. So far nobody has been arrested. The police had, on Wednesday, registered a case against Chaddha and others following the death of a man, Phire Singh, who died allegedly after consuming spurious liquor sold by his company.On Thursday, tension persisted in and around Emnabad and nearby villages and almost all wine shops were closed. To maintain law and order, a heavy police force was deployed. Senior police officials ordered registration of a case against those persons who had gone berserk after the death of Singh.On Wednesday, around 8am, Phire Singh reportedly bought country-made liquor of GB Border brand, the brand owned by Chaddha.After consuming the first peg, Singh collapsed and started foaming at the mouth. Within minutes his body turned blue and he died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12553333", "title": "Sack Vilasrao Deshmukh if he doesn\u2019t resign: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP on Thursday targeted Union minister and former Maharsahtra chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh for his alleged involvement in illegal land allotment to a prominent film producer and demanded that he should be sacked if he did not step down immediately.The CAG report which is yet to be tabled in Maharashtra assembly has reportedly indicted Deshmukh in a land allotment case to \"select NGOs\" and a \"media baron,\" BJP spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman said here on Thursday, adding that even the Supreme Court had rebuked the minister.\"Deshmukh has no moral authority to continue in office. He should step down immediately. If he does not resign, then the prime minister should remove him,\" Sitharaman said. His continuance as a cabinet minister was in no way justified after these reports, she added.Deshmukh is Union minister of science and technology.BJP demanded that Deshmukh should resign and then clear his name in these scams. His name had earlier cropped up in the Adarsh housing society scam as well. According to reports, Deshmukh had favoured film-maker and producer Subash Ghai by allotting him land allegedly at throwaway prices for a film academy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12552504", "title": "HC to rescue of jailed man who could not pay fine", "text": "CHENNAI: Can an indigent person be condemned to spend a lifetime in prison merely because he is not able to pay the fine imposed on him? Should he remain in jail even after serving out his actual sentence period as he is too poor to pay the fine?M Balasubramanian, who was convicted in 41 petty cases and sentenced to two years in jail, is a case in point. Though he had completed the actual jail term in 2004, he is still in prison because he is unable to pay the fine amount of 2.1 lakh. But for the timely intervention of the Madras high court, he would have been made to languish in jail for 252 months till 2025.Balasubramanian was an office assistant in a bank and indulged in petty offences of small bribes and falsification of records. The CBI registered 41 cases against him.He was convicted in all the cases and has been since December 16, 2002. The special court for CBI cases here sentenced him to two years of rigorous imprisonment in each case. However, since the sentence was to run concurrently, in effect it meant a total jail term for two years.The trouble was with the fine amount imposed by the court. The total fine amount ran up to 2.1 lakh.The usual condition in case of fine is that, in default of payment of the fine amount, an additional jail term must be served by the convict. For Balasubramanian, the total jail term in default of payment of 2.1 lakh was 252 months, besides his earlier sentence. If he were to serve out the default sentence, he should remain in prison till December 2025.Under these circumstances, he filed a habeas corpus petition stating that on the ground of non-payment of fine amount he should not be jailed beyond the sentence period.His counsel M Radhakrishnan, invoking the fundamental right to liberty, said the default period should be construed to run concurrently and hence at the end of two years he ought to have been released. Terming it illegal detention, Radhakrishnan said that under Section 30 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, the default sentence cannot exceed one-fourth of the maximum sentence imposed by the court.The government, however, cited Rule 242 of the Tamil Nadu Prison Manual and said that while calculating the sentence of imprisonment, sentence imposed in default of payment of fine cannot run concurrently.Rejecting the government's stance, a division bench of Justice K Mohan Ram and Justice G M Akbar Ali said the prison rule could not prevail over the CrPC, and added: \"When a person is very poor and because of his poverty he could not pay the fine amount and is ordered to remain in jail even after the period of substantive sentence of imprisonment is over, a serious prejudice would be caused to the person.\"Jailing a person even after the period of substantive sentence is an affront to the fundamental right to life and liberty, the judges said, adding: \"It is nothing but a mockery of the life and liberty of an individual, a fundamental right as enshrined in Part III of the Constitution.\" They ordered the immediate release of Balasubramanian from jail, if he is not needed in any other case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12552324", "title": "Depressed over cop threat, farmer commits suicide", "text": "COIMBATORE: Unable to bear the stress and trauma after he was allegedly threatened and intimidated by a deputy superintendent of police rank officer, a 55-year-old farmer committed suicide on Thursday by consuming poison in Nanjundapuram near Thadagam on the outskirts of the city.The deceased had leased out an acre of land to his close friend in good faith to run a brick kiln near Thadagam which was subsequently sublet to another individual later on. However, the friendship later turned sour after the lease date expired and the matter was brought to the notice of police. The accused officer reportedly threatened the victim that he should either extend the lease or agree for a settlement, otherwise he will be booked in a fake theft case. The officer allegedly humiliated the victim in front of his family and relatives that reportedly forced him to resort to the extreme step.Police said D Devaraj (55) had four acre land in Thadagam in the outskirts of the city. He had leased out an acre of land without any proper document for 10 years to his friend Jegannathan so that he could operate a brick kiln there. However, the kiln ran into financial loss and Jegannathan subleased the land to Karuppusamy who took over the kiln. Meanwhile, Jegannathan borrowed about Rs 15 lakh from Devaraj to tide over some financial crunch in his business. The 10 year lease recently expired and Devaraj asked Jegannathan and Karuppusamy to handover his land to him. But both of them refused to do so and it soon developed into personal enmity between them. Jegannathan had repaid about Rs 8 lakh to Devaraj and refused to pay back the remaining amount.\"They used to threaten my husband and he became extremely depressed and withdrawn during the last few days,\" said Malliga Devarajan, wife of the deceased.The issue was brought to the local police but reportedly to the dismay of Devarajan. B Saktivel, deputy superintendent of police, Periyanaickenpalayam, allegedly took sides with Jegannathan and Karuppusamy and started making attempts to hush up the incident and exert pressure on the victim to opt for a settlement or lease extension. The kin of the deceased claimed that the officer threatened to book Devaraj in a false case of theft by accusing him of stealing more than 1,000 bricks from the kiln. However, when contacted Saktivel told TOI that he was not at all connected with the death and that Devarajan had committed suicide due to some family problems.\"I was trying for a peaceful settlement and I never threatened anyone. All allegations are baseless,\" Saktivel said.The deceased is survived by his wife, son and daughter. Thudiyalur police have registered a case of unnatural death and are probing further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12551788", "title": "Zenito held for Apna Ghar conspiracy", "text": "PANAJI: Calangute police arrested gangster Zenito Cardozo for conspiring with caretakers at Apna Ghar to plan the escape of the minor juveniles in conflict with law lodged at the home and committing theft at Calangute.The racket came to light after Porvorim police during nakabandi on Friday found three minors boys moving in a suspicious manner on a stolen bike. When intercepted, two boys escaped, while the third boy was caught and he spilled the beans on the racket that has been going on for some time.The boy revealed that before they would escape from Apna Ghar, they would contact Zenito over the phone and he would arrange for a car for them to escape from Apna Ghar. \"In the car they were taken away from Merces and dropped at a place where they would strike the target. They even committed theft at Calangute after escaping from Apna Ghar,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12553936", "title": "Stone hurled at devotees", "text": "MANGALORE: Unidentified miscreants hurled stones at a congregation that had gathered for Maundy Thursday prayers at St Sebastian Church at Bendore.Claret Pinto, 46, from Bendorewell suffered injuries in the attack. She had come with her children to the church for the traditional prayers before Good Friday.Claret was immediately rushed to nearby Colaco Hospital where she was treated for head injury. M Muthuraya, deputy commissioner of police (law and order) said, \"It was a minor incident where someone had thrown a small stone.\"Police, who were at the spot, rushed to the church on hearing the incident.\"It is not clear as to from where the stone landed, but could have come from outside the church compound,\" he said. MP Oscar Fernandes visited the injured at the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12553935", "title": "Beware of the \u2018maid-on-order\u2019 at your door", "text": "CHANDIGARH: That attractive newspaper advertisement and colourful pamphlet offering to provide you a domestic help at the doorstep could leave you without valuables. The Chandigarh police have unearthed a network of robbers, who targeted gullible residents in the guise of house maids.A special police team conducted raids in Delhi on Thursday and arrested four people, including the woman kingpin. The gang had been operating out of Delhi. The arrests followed a complaint by a Sector 11-resident, Sandeep Singh Sandhu, who was recently robbed.\"The accused were running the racket under the guise of a company called 'Door-to-door' in New Delhi. They had published an advertisement in a newspaper regarding provision of trained maids and Sandhu called up for the service,\" Gurmukh Singh, station house officer of Sector 11 told TOI.Singh said, two people from Delhi came to meet Sandhu and struck a deal of Rs 19,000 for providing a maid for six months. \"A 22-year-old girl called Radhika was sent to Sandhu's house. However, a day after she was hired, Radhika disappeared with various household items. On getting the complaint, we called on the same Delhi number that Sandhu had contacted and placed an inquiry for a maid. We laid a trap and managed to arrest Radhika and her accomplice, Kamal,\" added Singh.After interrogating them, a police team conducted raids in Delhi on Thursday and arrested the kingpin, Sneha Dass, 38, and another accused Rajinder Singh, 44. According to cops Sneha is married to Kamal and has six children, including Radhika. The SHO said one more accused, Gaurav, is on the run. A hunt is on to nab him, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12551775", "title": "Foreigner killed in Delhi guesthouse, man goes missing", "text": "NEW DELHI: A foreign national, in her early twenties, was found murdered in mysterious circumstances in a guesthouse in Paharganj area of central Delhi on Thursday evening. The body, police said, was in a highly decomposed state and that her identity and nationality could not be established.The police refused to comment on how the woman was killed, saying they were waiting for the post-mortem report, but sources said prima facie it appeared the woman may have been strangled.Addl DCP, Central District, Aslam Khan said, \"We are questioning several persons. We are verifying from other hotels and nearby guesthouses if any foreign woman had not returned to her room. We hope to get some leads soon. A case of murder has been registered.\" The police said no document had been found in the room that could help establish the identity of the woman or give any clues about the suspect.The incident was reported from Room Number 203 of Hindustan Guest House in the main market of Paharganj, police said. The room was booked in the name of a youth, identified as Manzoor Ahmed, who is in his twenties too, police said. Ahmed is the prime suspect as of now, according to the police. The guesthouse has around 20 rooms.In the preliminary investigations, it has emerged that Manzoor had booked the room in March and used to come with women - often foreigners. Police sources said the hotel staff had told them that the woman had come to the guest house earlier as well.The police said they received a call around 4pm from the hotel manager about a foul smell coming from the room. When the cops reached the spot, they found the door locked from outside. They broke open the door and found the body on the floor. Forensic experts were then called in.Cops are verifying if the suspect had submitted genuine documents while booking the room or if rules had been bypassed in the case. As the man had not been seen for the past three days and the body was also decomposed, which indicates that the murder took place around three days back, it is possible that the suspect has left the capital.The police are keeping a watch at bus stands, railway stations and airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12553069", "title": "Two held for transferring Rs 62k from retired armyman\u2019s account", "text": "PATNA: The Patna police on Thursday arrested two persons on the charge of fraudulent money transfer and making purchases through online shopping worth Rs 62,330 from the account of a retired Armyman. SP (Rural), Patna, Manoj Kumar said a retired Armyman, Brijnandan Singh, of Naya Tola Madhopur under Bakhtiyarpur police station in Patna district, had lodged a complaint with the local police alleging that Rs. 62,330 had been fraudulently drawn from the Bakhtiyarpur branch of his State Bank of India (SBI) account in three instalments.The police probed into the payment gateway and bank transaction ID and found that the money from Singh's account was transferred online through billdesk gateway and ccavenue gateway. Kumar said the police looked into the details of the biller and the beneficiary and found that the Internet IP address, e-mail ID and cellphone number belonged to one Shravan Kumar.On the basis of information provided by the service provider, it was found that Shravan used the money for recharging his mobile and DTH and making purchases through eBay. Kumar said the police arrested Shravan and came to know that his cousin, Santosh Kumar, had created the e-mail ID and eBay account in the name of Shravan and Amresh Kumar Singh and made purchases.Santosh is an expert in using Internet. He is also associated with a call centre of a cellphone company in the state capital. The SP said Santosh had opened two eBay accounts-shrawankumar1111 and amareshkumar4455. The police seized two CPUs, two Dell colour monitor, two AOC monitor, two keyboards, two mouses and one cellphone in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12557615", "title": "Simbu\u2019s gesture to his friends", "text": "Simbu is known for giving a chance to newbies to direct him. For Vettai Mannan it is Nelson and for Poda Podi it is Vignesh Siva.But only a very few know that Nelson and Vignesh Siva are Simbu's school buddies. The star wants to uplift his friends and after identifying their talents, he gives them a chance to wield the megaphone.Recently, Simbu agreed that he is keen to give a chance to his friends rather than outsiders. Elaborating on this decision, the star had said that he was responsible for several debut directors' career taking off in Kollywood but these people have only used him to the maximum and later indulged in spreading rumors about him.Sensing that giving opportunities to unknown persons is proving to be detrimental to his image, Simbu says that he has decided to take in his friends instead and give them a chance.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12556784", "title": "Date clashes delay 'Maad Dad'", "text": "Issues concerning dates that have been allotted by lead actors often plague film producers and directors. Ad filmmaker-turned-director Revathy S Varma is the latest person to be caught in the nexus, as it were.Her Malayalam debut, Maad Dad , which was to being filming by September 2011, was stalled due to date clashes between members of the cast. So much so that the production team has replaced almost the entire lead cast.According to sources, the lead role, which was allegedly offered to superstar Mohanlal, is now being essayed by Lal. There has been a change in the female lead too, as Shweta Menon , who was the original choice, decided to opt out due to her pregnancy.She has been replaced by Padmapriya. Mollywood actress Archana Kavi, who was to play an important role, has been replaced by Nazriya.\"Date clashes and personal inconveniences delayed the project. Now that we have finalised the cast, we have decided to begin shoot in Kochi, this May,\" says Anil Mathew, production controller.Maad Dad will also feature Meghana Raj and Sreejith in prominent roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12552750", "title": "All-in-one playfield coming to city schools", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: It is playtime for the kids. They can start with tennis, slowly move to basket ball and then to kabaddi and many others, and all on the same field called multi-sport synthetic playfield.This ambitious project chalked out by the government will be introduced in Cotton Hill higher secondary school and government school, Peyad in Thiruvananthapuram.Multi-sport synthetic courts will be introduced to promote sports and mainly to do away with space constraints. In a multi-purpose court, as many as 10 games can be played without changing the venue. About 50-60 students can practize simultaneously on the same ground.\"You can replace a make-shift tennis court with portable basket ball boards. As for the lines, you don't have to draw it with a chalk, you can go for tapes. If your sport is kabaddi or taekwondo, all you need to do is to lay the respective mats. Similarly, removable posts and nets can be used for volley ball,\" explained S Najimudeen, additional director, directorate of sports.The courts will be designed with a seating capacity of 400 people. It will have an area of 7,000 sq feet. There will be provisions for various games. \"This kind of court is a revolutionary move in the sports field. The courts will be first set up in the capital and then at eight other places in the state,\" said Najimudeen.Each playfield will cost Rs 22 lakhs. The government has set aside an amount of Rs 3 crore to set up such courts on a large-scale in the state. These courts can also be used to host competitions at various levels.Initially, open-air play fields will be given to schools. \"Laying roof would need another Rs 10 lakhs. Our idea is to source it from the fund of local MLAs. We will also seek the co-operation of sports council,\" another official said.The project is expected to be realized in the city before the national games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12553294", "title": "Nurse found murdered", "text": "VARANASI: Neeta (24), a student of a nursing institute, was found murdered in her room at a house in Nevada Sundarpur area under Lanka police station on Wednesday night. Police have detained four persons in this connection but the motive for the murder is still not clear.According to reports, Neeta, the wife of a school teacher Ramsakal Singh of Parsodha Purushottampur under Chunar police station in Mirzapur district, was studying at a nursing institute in Sundarpur. To continue her studies, her husband had taken a room on rent at the house of Amarjeet Patel in Nevada area. To meet Neeta, who was also stated to be pregnant, Ramsakal used to visit Nevada every Saturday. Another nurse from the same institute shared the room with Neeta.When she returned to the room after completing night shift, she saw Neeta's nude body lying in a pool of blood with a slit throat. She raised an alarm after which Amarjit and other neighbours rushed to the incident site. Police were informed and SSP BD Polson, SP City SK Singh and many other officers reached the site.A dog squad was also brought. After initial investigation, the police took four persons, including two sons of Amarjit, in custody for interrogation. It was suspected that Neeta was murdered over illicit relationship. Police were investigating the matter after sending the body for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12556915", "title": "Nishan to debut in Bollywood", "text": "Nishan, who recently made an impact with his role as a North Indian in the Malayalam hit Ee adutha kalathu, is currently working on a Bollywood film called David - a film that seems to be grabbing headlines for every new actor it brings on board.The movie, which is said to be a comic thriller, has Bollywood actor Neil Nitin Mukesh playing the title role. Tamil star Vikram was recently in Alleppy to shoot some bits of the film. Also starring are Tabu and Isha Sherwani.\"Incidentally, it is a Malayali who is directing the movie, Bijoy Nambiar,\" says Nishan. Bijoy's last Bollywood outing was Shaitaan , a critically acclaimed film.As for Nishan, who is based in Mumbai, the Malayalam film happened quite by chance. \"I live in Mumbai and Hindi is what comes naturally to me. I think in Hindi. So Bollywood is of course welcome. Though I am happy to have got the opportunity to be a part of a Malayalam film,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12552072", "title": "Cong uses BJP\u2019s \u2018poor\u2019 MCD work to deflect attack", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress thinks it has an answer to BJP's poll strategy of highlighting corruption and scams. The party is deploying countermeasures by highlighting BJP's \"poor\" record in MCD.Congress will build up a strong campaign around this to justify the Delhi government's decision to trifurcate the civic body. To achieve this end, the party will compare maintenance of civic infrastructure under the Delhi government and BJP-ruled MCD.Sources say that the party plans to highlight the poor management of the building department in view of recent building collapses while campaigning on the development plank. In east Delhi, which is already benefitting from new projects, this would be a significant selling point that will be held as a promise to voters in South and North corporations too.\"The North corporation has two critical parts-Walled City and the rural belt. The MCD has failed in providing the most basic facility-roads-in rural areas. We had to withdraw low-floor buses from routes in rural areas due to poor condition of the roads. We will focus on rural areas,\" said transport minister Arvinder Singh Lovely.The issue of unauthorized colonies, too, will be part of Congress's agenda. The party blames MCD for not fixing the boundaries of these colonies. \"It is MCD's job to prepare layouts and fix boundaries. They couldn't do it in the last five years,\" said Lovely.BJP began its attack a few days ago by releasing a booklet on scams, notably the 2G spectrum scam and graft allegations pertaining to the Commonwealth Games. Congress has stuck to local issues, insisting that the ability to deliver on doorstep issues is what matters to voters.Calling the BJP's move to highlight national issues a bid to deflect attention from its poor show in the civic administration, Congress leaders said this will not pay off. Keeping the poll discourse on local issues is crucial for Congress given the assessment in political circles that BJP-Shiv Sena unexpectedly returned to power in Mumbai's civic polls riding an anti-Congress urban sentiment.Attacking the BJP, Lovely said, \"The party has done no work in the past five years, this is why it is taking up issues like price rise. They should tell people what they have done in the last five years.\"Knocking down BJP's claims to providing clean governance, Congress leaders argued that ghost employees and streetlight scam had happened during BJP's regime. \"They couldn't streamline the sanctioning of building plan and it also increased property tax, toll tax and parking rate,\" Congress state chief J P Agarwal said.The party thinks its stakes are high as trifurcating the MCD is CM's initiative and is expected to give the party a firm grip over the new civic bodies ahead of the next Assembly election. The party plans to bring out the contrast between management and functioning of Delhi government and MCD in maintaining civic infrastructure. \"It is important to compare the civic infrastructure. People don't want to go to municipal hospitals; MCD roads are in a deplorable condition,\" said Lovely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12552320", "title": "Private school moves court against parents of five students", "text": "COIMBATORE: As various parents associations of private schools in the district are intensifying their stand on the collection of excess fee and other academic issues, a school in Kovaipudur has filed an injunction before a district court seeking restraining orders against five parents for reportedly taking an aggressive stand against the school management. The hearing on the matter is slated for April 16 and the parents are expected to appear before the additional district munsif court in the city.\"The restraining orders were passed against five of us for questioning the school management for charging excess fee from the students and also indulging in various methods to exert pressure on both students and their parents to comply with the whims of the school management,\" said C Selvam, a businessman and parent of a class 8 student in the school.The restraining orders have been sought against K Kilodar Kennedy, M Kamarudeen, C Selvam, D Muralidharan and Uma Maheshwari , whose wards are studying at the Rukmani Kannan Vidyalaya Matriculation Higher Secondary School in Kovaipudur. The suite seeks to restrain these five individuals from holding any meetings, dharna, demonstration and distribution of pamphlets within 100 metres of the school. The suite was initially filed on December 22 through a legal counsel V Sivakumar, representing the managing trustee Thambidurai who was not available for comment.\"The injunction suite was filed in an attempt to ensure that these parents do not interfere with the smooth functioning of the school. It is to restrain them from obstructing daily functioning of the institution,\" said Sivakumar.The parents and the management of the school have been on loggerheads over the issue of collection of excess fee. An official police complaint was also lodged with Thudiyalur police station, chief educational officer of Coimbatore and also the fee determination committee in Chennai. The parents claimed that the school was overcharging the parents in excess of the government prescribed amount in the guise of various extra curricular activities.\"It is worrisome as the restraining order will literally make us pariahs and we will not be able to even interact with rest of the parents while we come to drop our wards. It will be derogatory and discriminating against our children as well,\" said Kilodar Kennedy.Meanwhile, similar opinion was shared by various other parents who have taken up the issue of excess fee collection in private schools. They added that it was an instance of school managements trying to ensure that none of the parents would dare to question their decisions on any platform.\"It is an arm-twisting tactic and quite undemocratic also to try and seek restraining orders against parents whose children are still studying at the same school,\" said R Manimohan, chairman, Students Welfare Association of Parents (SWAP)Civil right activists also claimed that usually such restraining orders are to be obtained in factories and industries to crush any mass protest or movement against the owners and it was very rare that such an order should be obtained for a school.\"It will indirectly suppress all forms of protests and opinions of the parents against the school management,\" said M Mohammed Abubacker, coordinator, People's Union for Civil Liberties (PUCL).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12555356", "title": "No Eid release for Dabangg 2", "text": "Though Salman Khan was very keen on an Eid release for the sequel to Dabangg. The problem is, another Salman film Ek Tha Tiger has already been scheduled for Eid. So while another lucrative window, the Christmas weekend has selected for the release of Dabangg 2.Says a source, \" Ek Tha Tiger and Dabangg 2 are completely different films.However Salman feels his fans cannot take both the films although they are hugely contrasting in plot,tone and entertainment value.'Arbaaz Khan who directs Dabangg 2 sees no purpose in crowding the Eid weekend with two Salman releases.Says Arbaaz, \"We can't possibly release it this Eid. There's no sense in two Salman starrers on the same Friday.So the only option is to wait till next Eid in 2013. And that would be really late. So I'm going with the Christmas weekend for Dabangg 2 , December 21. That is a terrific holiday weekend too.\"About Salman insisting on Eid for Dabangg 2 Arbaaz protests, \"I don't think there should be any hard and fast rules about specific windows for specific stars. Christmas weekend is as good as the Eid weekend. I'm happy with it.\"All of Salman's recent blockbusters Wanted, Dabangg and Bodyguard have been Eid releases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "12553186", "title": "Patient dies as ambulance hits truck", "text": "SAMBALPUR: A patient going to Bhubaneswar for treatment died in a road accident on Thursday when the ambulance that was carrying him collided head on with a truck. The mishap took place at Bethgarh near Redhakhol in Sambalpur district. The ambulance driver was also killed. The truck driver and others accompanying the patient were seriously injured and admitted to a hospital. Police have seized the vehicles and registered a case.Police sources said Radheyshyam Tidimania of Jharsuguda was under treatment in Sambalpur for quite sometime. On the advice of doctors, he was being taken to Bhubaneswar for better treatment. The patient was accompanied by his wife.A police officer said, \"While the truck driver Bachha Singh was found wounded severely, the ambulance driver was killed on the spot,\" a police officer said. According to him, the truck driver had lost control over the vehicle. The patient's wife, Puspa, the assistants of the ambulance-driver, Khirod and Ananta Sahu, and another relative of the patient, Gopal Singh, were taken to a hospital. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12553471", "title": "250 Delhi cops recruited on fake driving licences", "text": "NEW DELHI: Another Commonwealth Games-related scam has been unearthed, this time in the Delhi Police. It has emerged that as many as 250 out of 676 constables recruited as drivers before the Games had submitted fake driving licences to get the job.The drivers were recruited to escort athletes to the Games venues and be part of other mobile security apparatus being put in place for the event. Sources confirmed that the appointment of those who had used fake papers has been cancelled and they may face arrest.Three years after the recruitment, TOI has learnt that 250 constables had procured fake licences from different states - UP, Haryana, Manipur, J&K;, Punjab and north-eastern states. Their documents were cleared, after which they underwent training and got the job.Recently, a Crime Branch verification of all 676 licences revealed that more than a third of these were fake. Following this, Delhi Police has registered FIRs (TOI has copies) against five of these constables and a 'high-level' enquiry is being conducted into the scam. Highly placed sources said as many as 250 FIRs may eventually be filed.The verification process also found that most of the licenses provided by constables had fake addresses. These constables were recruited at a pay band of Rs 5,200-20,200.When contacted, police spokesperson Rajan Bhagat said, \"The matter isunder probe.\"The five constables against whom FIRs have been lodged have been identified as Sanjeet Kumar, Deepak Deswal, Dalip Singh Jat, Lalit Kumar and Hari Om.An advertisement to fill up 676 vacancies for the post of constables was published in newspapers and Employment News in February 2009. In response, thousands of applications were received from various states. A shortlist of desirable candidates was prepared,sources said.\"As per the rules, the candidates were required to have a valid driver's licence for driving heavy motor vehicles at the time of submission of the application form. After receiving the applications and documents from all shortlisted candidates, they were put through tests and the successful ones declared provisionally fit,\" said a source. All the applicants had submitted their documents by March 2009 and recruitment process was reportedly over by June-July of thesame year.The recruitment was subject to \"satisfactory verification of thedriving licence\".Like many others, constable Hari Om, a resident of Rewari (Haryana) and one of the five accused, was declared provisionally selected for the post (roll No. 811589).\"His licence issuing authority was Kashmir.A verification revealed that the licence had been issued in the name of one Nazir Ahmed Kaloo for motorcycles and light motor vehicles,\" said a cop.Similarly, Dalip Singh Jat, a resident of Alwar (Rajasthan), was found to possess a licence from Jalandhar (Punjab ), valid till 2007.His licence was reportedly renewed by the licensing authority in Meerut (UP) but when contacted , the authority denied having issued it.Lalit Kumar, a resident of Khajuri Khas (Delhi), submitted a driver's licence from Ghaziabad. But it emerged it had been issued from Firozabad (Uttar Pradesh) and was endorsed by the Bulandshahr authority to drive a heavy transport vehicle.\"When these authorities were contacted,the licence was also found to be issued in the name of one Sunil Saxena for motorcycles only. The Bulandshahar authority never endorsed it for driving HTVs,\" said a source.The most interesting was the case of constable Sanjeet Kumar , who challenged the cancellation of his candidature after his fake licence was detected. A resident of Jhajjar (Haryana ), Sanjeet submitted a licence issued from Imphal (Manipur).\"His licence was actually issued in the name of Geetabali Devi for LMVs and two-wheelers. The matter was examined and legal action was initiated againsthim ,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12553291", "title": "Truck runs over trader, mob creates ruckus", "text": "VARANASI: An angry mob of locals set a motorcycle and a police booth on fire after a trader was killed in a road mishap in Padao area under Ramnagar police station on Thursday. The police had to use force to disperse the gathering but the agitators left the GT Road only after a senior police officer assured them that extorting money from truck drivers would be stopped at the crossing as it led to accidents frequently.According to reports, Babulal Patel (32), a trader and a native of Madhiya village under Mughalsarai police station in Chandauli district, was heading towards Visheshwarganj food grain market in Varanasi by his bicycle. When he reached the Padao Crossing, he saw a police constable standing at the picket point trying to stop a truck heading towards Ramnagar from Mughalsarai end. In a bid to escape, the truck driver accelerated the pace of the vehicle and ran over Babulal, who died on the spot.The driver and cleaner of the truck fled from the scene, leaving the vehicle abandoned. The incident annoyed the locals who came onto the road and blocked it. They claimed the constable was trying to extort money from the driver and it led to the accident. When police constables, present at the picket point, tried to disperse it, the angry mob attacked them. The constables somehow managed to escape but the angry mob of locals set their motorcycle ablaze and also torched the police booth.On receiving information of the incident, circle officer, Kotwali, AK Singh reached Padao with a police force. Meanwhile, ASP, Chandauli, Rajesh Kumar also rushed there with a heavy police force. Initially the police tried to disperse the gathering by using force. But, as the angry mob of locals did not budge from there for more than three hours, the ASP assured the locals that recommendation would be made for the suspension of local outpost incharge. He also said malpractices like extorting money from truck drivers by the policemen, which leads to road mishaps frequently at this busy crossing, would also be stopped.On getting this assurance, the locals handed over the body of Babulal to the police for autopsy and lifted the road jam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12554157", "title": "IPL stars sweat it out in made-in-city jerseys", "text": "LUDHIANA: While the cricket crazy country is ready to revel in the excitement of Indian Premier League-season V, this city has a different connection to be proud of during the league. Two of the top performing teams, the Chennai and the Bangalore squad, would sport the kits manufactured in a hosiery unit at Ludhiana.The fans, however, are still waiting for the merchandise of their favourite teams to hit the stores.Gaurav Mittal, owner of Kudu Fabrics on Rahon Road, said they have manufactured kits for the Chennai squad and Bangalore squad. ''We supply the order of these jerseys to Reebok. We have made four to five sets for each member of both the teams and are now manufacturing tees for the supporters and fans,'' said Mittal.Jatinder Mishra, divisional merchandising manager, said they have already supplied 2,900 kits for the teams to Reebok. ''We are now manufacturing 25,000 tees for fans, which the company would sell during the matches at the stadiums and in showrooms,'' he said.The demand for jerseys of various IPL teams is quite high in the whole sale and the retail market. ''Many youngsters come every day to buy tees of their favourite team. We have placed orders with the manufacturers and would get the delivery in a day or two,'' said Jyoti Bansal, a whole sale garment dealer from Akalgarh market.''The only factory in the city catering to the high demand of IPL merchandise has been exporting all its produce so far and it would be sometime before you spot these jerseys in the local market. We would get ample supply in the next few days,'' said Manpreet Singh Bunty, owner of Preet Garments and president of ready made garment dealers association of Akalgarh market.''I am waiting for the tees of the Punjab squad, as I was told it is not yet available in the market. I have already booked five of them for my group,'' said Saurabh Mittal, an IPL fan from Kitchlu Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12553040", "title": "New model predicts normal monsoon this year", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's early days yet, but the first indications from within the country about this year's monsoon are positive. A new climate model being developed under the government's ambitious Monsoon Mission project has predicted above average rainfall for the season.The model, still being refined, is based on modern dynamical simulations and has been developed at the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology, Pune, in collaboration with several institutions in the country.\"According to the results we are getting, the monsoon is likely to be on the positive side. The mean seasonal rainfall being predicted by this model is above 100%,\" said a climate expert associated with the model who did not wish to be named. Results from the model are being passed on as inputs to the India Meteorological Department (IMD), which would come out with its first long-range forecast for the monsoon later this month.\"We are still in the process of preparing the monsoon forecast,\" said D S Pai, director of long-range forecasting division of IMD Pune. For the past few years, IMD has been releasing two seasonal forecasts for the monsoon - one in late April and the other in May-June.Those involved in developing the new dynamical model - a coupled ocean-atmosphere model that takes into account observations on land as well as the ocean - say it may eventually replace the current statistical methods used by IMD for its seasonal forecasts.The model's positive forecast is in contrast to predictions of a below-normal monsoon this year made by some foreign organizations such as the Japan Agency for Marine-Earth Science and Technology.Jamstec, as it's called, has been predicting a below-normal monsoon in India in its seasonal forecasts, released monthly, since January. It relies heavily on observations of the Indian Ocean dipole (IOD), the name given to differences in sea-surface temperatures in west and east Indian Ocean which is believed to have several climatic implications in the region.B N Goswami, director of IITM, said their model was holding well in tests. \"We found it was one of the best models in retrospective forecasting. We will see how it does in realtime forecasts. It's is being constantly improved,\" he said.Forecasting the monsoon this year could prove to be tricky because of a climatic transition taking place over the Pacific Ocean . La Nina conditions, which are known to help the Indian monsoon, are likely to dissipate by May.\"While most models are forecasting that the neutral conditions will prevail over the Pacific for the rest of the year, some predict onset of El Nino towards the end of the monsoon season,\" said Goswami.El Nino is associated with below-normal rainfall and drought over the Indian subcontinent. The last such event took place in 2009, when the country received just 79% rainfall during the monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12551040", "title": "IPL-5 betting can go up to Rs800 crores", "text": "NAGPUR: Vidarbha is likely to be a major sector where cricket bookies expect a business to the tune of Rs800 crores in the ongoing IPL-5. This is despite a rumour that the tournament is fast becoming a happy hunting ground for the match-fixers.The bookies, who have kept Team Mumbai ahead by offering an odd as low as 2.90p in their favour, feel that the punters would bet regardless of the match-fixing buzz. Mahendra Singh Dhoni's Team Chennai, which was defeated by Team Mumbai in the inaugural match on Wednesday, has been hinged at third slot as the prospective winner of the tournament's fifth edition with the bookies offering 5.75p for them.While Dhoni's dwindling form may have taken a toll on the previous champions' ranking in the bookies' list, the presence of Team Bangalore's heavyweights seem to have raised the bar. They are being counted as the second-most rated team with an odd of 4.70p. \"The bigger bookies are expected to do a business of around Rs10 crores per match,\" said a reliable source.Despite the hoopla surrounding the tournament, sources have claimed that a section of the punters are practicing caution in their bets as they fear that even tosses could be fixed in this tournament. The theory of fixing was outright rejected by another section of punters who attributed the changing hues in the T20 versions as a usual outcome.\"After Mumbai, it is Nagpur where several top bookies capable of dealing in a few crores at any time are present. While Mumbai and Delhi bookies are linked to their foreign counterparts, the local ones are connected to the bigger ones in the metros,\" he said.While the Ambani-driven team Mumbai's prospect is the brightest, the bookies feel that Team Hyderabad may turn a damp squib with the odds offered for them being hinged at Rs19 leaving them at the lowest position among the nine in race. The bookies feel, said a source, that Hyderabad's dependency on all-rounders like JP Duminy and captain Sangakarra may spell their doom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12552584", "title": "Tatra truck deal: CBI quizzes Ravi Rishi again", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Thursday questioned UK businessman Ravi Rishi for the sixth time in connection with the Tatra deal. Sources in the agency said he would be called again and questioned about defence ministry officials who had a role to play in the Tatra deal, the contract process and whether the entire scheme was his brainchild.The CBI investigation is expected to take time as voluminous documents collected from the defence ministry in connection with the Tatra deal are being studied.In 1997, Tatra Sipox UK had signed a truck supply deal with BEML allegedly in violation of defence procurement rules which say that procurement should be done directly from original equipment manufacturers. The first agreement for supply of all terrain trucks used for transport of soldiers, heavy machinery, missile systems etc was signed with Czechoslovakia-based company Tatra in 1986.In 1997, BEML started procuring trucks through Tatra Sipox UK, claimed to be the marketing arm of Tatra, in which Ravinder Rishi had a substantial stake. CBI has alleged that since Tatra Sipox UK was not the original manufacturer of these all terrain trucks, the rule that defence procurement should be made from original manufacturer was violated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "12551870", "title": "Muslims celebrate Urus Sharif today", "text": "KERI: Annual tradition will see Bicholim town celebrating Urus Sharif on April 6 and 7 at Muslimwada . The celebration will be marked by various religious as well as cultural activities.This year, Urus will be observed with two other festivals in Bicholim town. For Hindus, it is the festival of Hanuman Jayanti and for the Christians, it is Good Friday .Hazrat Adul Shah Baba was a pious saint belonging to the Muslim community who had preached the gospel of truth, humanity and communal harmony for the people of Bicholim town, inrespective of religion and caste.Ibrahim Khan, 63, president of the dargah committee said, \"The festival of Urus is being celebrated by the Muslim community over hundreds of years. However, over the last 24 years, the festival has been celebrated on a larger scale.\"Sheikh Ilyas Mamlekar, vice president of the committee, said, \"Hazrat Adul Shah Baba, sitting in the shade of a tamarind tree, was helping people irrespective of caste and religion to get rid off their sorrows and sufferings and hence all communities in the town respected the pious saint and prayed for good health and prosperity.\"On April 6, the Sunni Muslims will conduct a procession through the streets of the town, which will be followed by applying of sandal paste on the tomb of the saint and covering it with carpets and flowers. At night, the 'Niyaz' sees a large crowd gathering to relish on the special mutton cooked from the meat of 36 goats slaughtered for the occasion.On April 7, at 10 pm, a Qawwali programme with a question and answer session and a musical concert will be held between Shabab Danish Sabri and Sanam Sahiba, both well-known artistes from Delhi. Kasim Shah Fakir Shah, Bamukam and Muslimwada areas in town have already been decked up and wear a festive look to welcome the upcoming celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12552834", "title": "CAG report on gaps in India's security failed to bother MPs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The political establishment was outraged when Army chief Gen V K Singh's letter to PM Manmohan Singh highlighting the hollowness in India's battle preparedness found its way into the media. Many politicians had even asked for the chief's sack, assuming that he had leaked out the sensitive facts. But now it transpires that the comptroller and auditor general (CAG) had in a report in December highlighted the same critical gaps in India's defence, only much more starkly.The irony is that the startling report had failed to create even a ripple, much less an alarm. This was despite the fact that the report painted a more frightening picture than Gen Singh's March 12 letter. Here's a sample: \"At present the artillery arm of Indian Army comprises of regiments holding a mix of various gun systems whose technology ranges from World War-II and those developed in the 1970s\". Indian artillery, in other words, was obsolete, the CAG said.In fact, the report said it in as many words: \"Artillery guns of modern technology could not be made available to the troops for over a decade for replacing the existing guns of obsolete technology of 1970 vintage. Acquisition of artillery guns included in the 10th Army Plan has not materialized till now. The abnormal delay in procurement of the new guns had not only impacted the operational preparedness of the Army but also resulted in substantial cost overrun.\"None of this, however, roused Parliament's Public Accounts Committee which is mandated to scrutinize the findings of the auditor. The panel did not even take up the findings for detailed scrutiny, even though it's headed by an opposition leader, BJP's Murli Manohar Joshi. There are 21 other members, representing all parties, and none of them got alarmed. And yet the Army chief's leaked letter, the parties maintained, had given away national secrets.Army guns obsolete, Navy deals flawed: CAGThe CAG's report on defence preparedness in December 2011 not only painted an overall grim picture, it went on to give regiment-wise and weapon-wise details of how the Army lacks the firepower that, by government's admission, it must have.Stressing that the country has not acquired heavy artillery after the controversial purchase of Bofors 155mm howitzers in 1986, the auditor says: \"Self-propelled guns are required to provide continuous fire support to mechanized formations, which normally operate cross-country in plains and deserts ... The Indian Army is presently holding SP guns with technology of 1970s.\"Acquisition of quantity 'X' of 155mm 52 calibre towed guns and self-propelled guns (wheeled/tracked) was included in the 10th Army Plan (2002-07) but could not materialize as of October 2010 ... This was to be replaced by the Army for its existing force level of 105mm/122mm/130mm guns of obsolete technology.\"Another CAG report on the Indian Navy was tabled in Parliament in the monsoon session last year, and once again ignored by the public accounts committee. That talks of India's lack of competitiveness in sea warfare. \"The Navy followed a flawed approach in acquiring its new fighter aircraft fleet by not finalizing the associated weapon package with the contract for it. Eleven out of 16 MiG 29K aircraft, acquired at a cost of $740 million (Rs 3,400 crore) have been delivered in December 2009 and May 2011. No item of armament contracted for in March 2006 has been delivered as of October 2010 adversely affecting the operational capabilities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12551726", "title": "Finally, 300 feeder buses to imporve Metro connectivity", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you've been complaining about the lack of last mile connectivity on Delhi Metro, here's a reason to cheer. Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) is planning to acquire around 300 feeder buses for the Metro network. The decision comes several months after the transport department gave the go-ahead to DMRC for new routes.The non air-conditioned buses are expected to connect Metro stations and nearby localities. The tender for the non-AC feeder buses was issued in October last year. The process of procurement of buses is still on and DMRC officials expect them to become functional within the next six months.The feeder bus service has been one of the weak points of the Delhi Metro network with complaints from commuters regarding the absence of a good feeder bus service having become routine. Commuters have also criticized private bus services and Gramin Sewa vehicles that ply on most routes. Former managing director of DMRC, E Sreedharan, had admitted that the feeder bus service needed to be improved immediately.With the DMRC expanding its network, ramping up the feeder services is the need of the hour, said the official. The 300 feeder buses are expected to meet this demand.At present, DMRC operates the bus feeder service on 17 routes and other para-transit options like Gramin Sewa run a parallel service. Private services like RTVs also frequently offer the feeder option, especially in border and rural areas. On the routes that are more popular, like those near stations in Dwarka, Yamuna Bank and Pragati Maidan, tussles between DMRC's feeder service and private vehicles are a daily affair.The Delhi government recently gave the permits for 89 routes to DMRC. The routes, which cover many localities along the Blue line (Dwarka Sector 21-Noida City Centre/Vaishali) corridor, have been in the offing for a long time now.The routes touch Metro stations like Welcome, Vishwavidyalaya, Pitampura, Rohini, Pragati Maidan, Janakpuri, Dwarka, Yamuna Bank, Mayur Vihar, Chattarpur, Geeta Colony, Jorbagh, Badarpur and Nehru Place besides several other localities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12552443", "title": "Man arrested for making pesky calls to women", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal crime branch on Thursday arrested a software professional for allegedly making pesky calls to hundreds of women over the past few years.\"Some 25 SIM cards and 4 mobile phones were seized from the accused he kept only to call women. He has mobile addiction of calling women and would spend all his earnings on calling and abusing them,\" said DySP SM Zaidi.The accused, Hemant Tare, 29, is a resident of Itarsi. The unmarried man is employed as software professional. He used to collect mobile numbers of women through websites and would later start making calls to them. The police said hundreds of women have been victimized by him.For the last many years, the software professional succeeded in dodging the police. He never purchased SIM cards in his name and would also not use such SIM cards for his personal use. \"They are meant to harass the women only,\" the police maintained.The police said they were a large number of complaints of pesky calls over the past few years. But the police was not able to trace the man who was making these calls.However, there was one thing in common. All complaints were made from Bhopal and some adjoining places that the calls would be made \"nonstop\" instead of \"once or twice a day\".Similarly, he would abuse and attempt to blackmail a woman if she refused to talk to him.The crime branch officials said the man was booked under the sections of IT Act as well and the IPC. A case was registered against him with the MP Nagar police station.Psychiatrist Dr Ruma Bhattacharya termed him a \"sexually pervert\".\"Persons suffering from sexual perversion resort to such things. Instead of having a normal relationship, such persons get satisfaction in hearing a woman's voice or watching porn,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12551841", "title": "Nashik's state excise department collects revenue of Rs 1186 crore", "text": "NASHIK: The State Excise Department of Nashik has collected a revenue of Rs 1186 crore in the fiscal year of 2011-12, a whopping 42 percent more than what it collected in the fiscal year of 2010-11.Superintendent of the State Excise Department, Nashik, JB Patil informed that his department was given a target of 1190 crore and they fell short of only four crores to achieve the target. He however, added that the achievement of 99.66 percent of the target was pretty satisfactory. During 2010-11, Nashik's excise department was given a target of Rs 972 crore and it had collected Rs 833 crore then. This year the revenue collection is more by Rs 353 crore, collected through renewal of licenses and excise duty on liquor production from two IMFL companies and one country liquor company.There are about 1000 license holder of liquor production, wholesale, retail and permit rooms/bars in both country liquor and foreign liquor. At the beginning of the last fiscal, the excise duty on liquor was increased by nearly 35 percent to 40 percent and it was feared that the consumption of liquor would drop bringing down the revenue collection of the Excise Department. However, after the initial phase, sale of liquor was back to normal, though it is said that a large number of people changed their brands due to the hike in the prices of liquor.JB Patil said, \"The sale of Indian made foreign liquor maintained its level, country liquor sales grew up by about four to five percent.\"The crime detection department of the State Excise has been putting in sincere efforts to control sale of spurious liquor, that could bring down the sale of liquor in licensed liquor shops thereby bringing down the revenue of the government, informed Patil.In 2011 as many as 1224 cases of spurious liquor, smuggling liquor illegally into the district from other parts of the country, etc were detected and 454 people were arrested. The state excise department of Nashik also confiscated goods worth Rs 42,09,329.Till February 2012, the excise department has made 266 cases, arrested 123 people and goods worth Rs 35,85,828 have been seized in different raids. Liquor available at cheap rates in adjoining states like Goa, Daman and Madhya Pradesh is smuggled into the district to make more profits. On this backdrop the excise department has been conducting simultaneous raids at different places and mainly at the borders of the district to keep a check on smuggling of liquor, it was informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12552019", "title": "CAG raps Andhra Pradesh for Ghai land deal", "text": "HYDERABAD: Filmmaker Subhash Ghai's film institute is facing trouble in Andhra Pradesh as well with the CAG rapping the state government over allotment of 20.1 acre of prime land to the institute in an alleged violation of rules.Ghai is locked in a legal tangle in the AP high court over the land allotment.The CAG, in its latest report on land allotments in the state, related to the Y S Rajasekhara Reddy government tenure, found fault with the allotment for Whistling Woods International Limited (WWIL) \"in violation of AP Ancient and Historical Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Rules 1960.\"Based on a writ petition filed by a private person, the AP HC had in January 2010, suspended the state government's order (dated August 19, 2009) giving 20.1 acres of land to Ghai.The case is pending disposal even as the state government is set to review the allotment in the light of the High Court order as well as the CAG's observations, official sources in the revenue department said.The land allotted to WWIL in survey Nos. 173 and 178 at Ibrahimbagh village under Golconda mandal in Hyderabad district was adjacent to a protected monument (Premamati mosque).\"While the market value of the land was assessed by the Hyderabad district collector at Rs 4.84 crore per acre, the government allotted the land at Rs 2 crore per acre. The lease rent was fixed at 0.2 % of the market value at which the land was allotted (Rs 2 crore per acre) for the first three years,\" the CAG report noted.\"The allotment was made through APIIC for establishing a world-class training institute of film, television, animation and media arts. This was followed by a lease agreement in October 2009, between APIIC and WWIL for allotment of 17.01 acres to WWIL for a tenure of 66 years, renewable for a further period of 30 years,\" it said.From the fourth year onwards, the lease rent was to be enhanced to 1% of the market value.Further, the agreement allowed WWIL to exercise an option to purchase the land at a concessional rate of Rs 2 crore per acre after ten years, duly adjusting the lease rentals paid by that time, the CAG report said.\"The government, thus, gave undue benefit to WWIL both in terms of concession in charging half the actual market value of the land and the option given to it for purchasing the land ten years down the line at the same rate irrespective of appreciation of land value. Further, allotment of land in a protected area for commercial purposes violated government rules,\" it said.In fact, audit scrutiny revealed that at the time of alienating the land, government had already decided to sign an MoU with the Islamic Republic of Iran for taking up the restoration and conservation of the monuments adjacent to this land,\" the CAG noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12552150", "title": "State move to drop Nandigram cases irks CPM", "text": "KOLKATA: CPM state secretary Biman Bose on Thursday criticised the move of the state government's move to withdraw cases in which Trinamool supporters had been implicated during the Singur and Nandigram agitations. Speaking at the CPM party Congress in Kozikhode, he said if this happened no administration could work impartially and the democratic rights of people would be under attack. \"This effort will only legalise crime,\" he said.Surjya Kanta Mishra, too, said, \"The state, that is releasing criminals implicated for murdering Left men, . Then this can only be a refuge for criminals.\" The chief minister had on March 13 indicated that her government has set in motion a process to withdraw criminal cases lodged during the Singur and Nandigram land acquisition movements.Among the nearly 1,000 cases the government is set to withdraw, 325 cases are in Nandigram police station, 300 in Khejuri police station and nearly 89 in Singur police station. Many of these cases were, however, petty ones like throwing of stones. Some of these were lodged by police on their own. But this was only a fraction of the total number of such cases.The extent of this can be gauged by the fact that Trinamool MLA Becharam Manna, who spearheaded the Singur agitation, now has to appear in court in 64 non-bailable cases. Even state law minister Moloy Ghatak is indicted in nine cases. For CPM the situation is no different either. Nishikanta Shee, a senior East Midnapore CPM leader, said there are 700 cases lodged against CPM leaders and supporters - some non-bailable charges, including murder. There is, however, no apparent move on the part of the new government to withdraw these cases.Sekhar Basu, senior criminal lawyer, opined if the government so desired it can appeal in court (before trial concludes) to withdraw any case. \"The Public Prosecutors can do so, but it is ultimately the court's discretion whether or not it will allow such appeal,\" he said. Section 321 CrPC allows for such withdrawal by the PP. But Basu stressed that even if a case is withdrawn the complainant can always appeal against it, \"It is they who'd set the legal machinery in motion,\" he said.This is where the problem lies. Even if the government withdraws the cases, will the complainants agree (both from Trinamool and CPM). The situation demands a political consensus at the ground level which neither the state law minister or chief minister has sought to address till now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "12552368", "title": "Cong grills C'garh govt over CAG expose", "text": "RAIPUR: Chhattisgarh's opposition Congress grilled the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in the state assembly on Wednesday over a report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) pointing to lapses that had led to huge revenue losses.Congress members raised slogans and created a ruckus in the assembly over the CAG report and urged speaker Dharamlal Kaushik to allow a detailed discussion in the house about the CAG report that slammed various government departments and corporations for bypassing laws in key decisions that caused huge revenue loss to the state.The Congress that has 39 members in the 90-member house staged a walk-out when the speaker rejected demand for a debate on the issue.The Congress members, who raised vociferous slogans against the BJP government, said that the CAG report had vindicated their long-standing charges that the saffron regime is mired into corruption.The Congress has also announced to take the CAG expose against the BJP regime to public.The CAG had in its report on Tuesday for the fiscal ended March 31, 2011, made several exposes and said that the state-owned Chhattisgarh Mineral Development Corporation (CMDC) accepted lower rates for commercial mining of coal blocks in the state which had led to a revenue loss of over Rs1,000 crore.The report has made adverse comments against several other state-owned corporations such as Chhattisgarh State Industrial Development Corporation (CSIDC) for causing a massive loss to the state by its decisions. IANS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12556329", "title": "Facebook picks Nasdaq over NYSE for IPO: Report", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Facebook Inc plans to list its shares on the Nasdaq Stock Market, further cementing the exchange operator's position as the favored venue for the biggest US technology companies, according to a person with knowledge of the matter.The person declined to be named because the discussions are private. Facebook filed for a $5 billion initial public offering on Feb. 1. While the market capitalization of New York Stock Exchange shares is about triple the value of Nasdaq companies, the latter market operator has about twice as many technology corporations trading for more than $1 billion, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.Exchange operators NYSE Euronext and Nasdaq OMX Group Inc, rivals for virtually every IPO in America, competed for what may be the biggest listing by a technology company. Winning the IPO means more fees, a boost in trading revenue and the chance to link an exchange's brand with the largest social-networking website in the world.\"There's cachet to winning one of the biggest IPOs ever,\" Tim Hoyle, the director of research at Radnor, Pennsylvania- based Haverford Trust Co., which manages $6 billion including NYSE Euronext shares, said in a phone interview. \"The straight- up value of this IPO will make for a nice gain in listing fees, which make up a meaningful portion of the revenue stream for exchanges.\"Robert Madden, a Nasdaq OMX spokesman, declined to comment on the decision. So did Jonathan Thaw of Facebook and Rich Adamonis of NYSE Euronext.Stock movesNasdaq shares extended gains after the New York Times reported Facebook had picked Nasdaq, and rose 1.2 per cent to $25.52 as of 4 p.m. in New York. NYSE Euronext fell 1.3 per cent to $28.31 today.Nasdaq OMX lists seven of the 10 biggest US technology companies by market value, including Apple Inc and Microsoft Corp, the two largest, as well as Google Inc and Intel Corp. The NYSE is the home venue for International Business Machines Corp, ranked third.Nasdaq OMX had more at stake because of the perception it gets all the technology companies, according to Sang Lee, managing partner at Boston-based Aite Group LLC. Among Internet IPOs since the beginning of 2011, LinkedIn Corp and Pandora Inc picked NYSE, while Nasdaq won Groupon Inc and Zynga Inc.\"Having that brand name on that listings side would be huge,\" Lee said of Facebook's selection. \"If they're able to do it correctly, the other social-media sites and players would certainly be talking to Nasdaq initially,\" he said. \"It would certainly put them in a very nice position.\"Blow to NiederauerThe loss is another blow to Chief Executive Officer Duncan Niederauer, who saw his bid to merge with Deutsche Boerse AG fall apart this year when European antitrust regulators blocked the deal. Shares of the company slid 13 per cent last year, while Nasdaq OMX climbed 3.3 per cent and the Standard &amp; Poor's 500 Index was little changed.Robert Greifeld, the CEO of Nasdaq OMX, exacts a measure of payback after his unsolicited attempt to acquire the New York Stock Exchange parent fizzed out when the Justice Department said last May it would sue to block such a transaction. Niederauer was on the board that rejected Greifeld's offer and referred to it as \"loosely worded and full of unanswered questions\" in an interview with Bloomberg on April 10.Bats IPOThe decision by Facebook follows Bats Global Markets Inc, the third-largest US exchange operator, withdrawing its IPO on March 23. Bats planned to compete with NYSE and Nasdaq in corporate listings, making its own shares the first to call the Bats BZX Exchange home. A computer bug prevented Bats from getting its own shares to trade.Facebook, based in Menlo Park, California, filed Feb. 1 to raise $5 billion in the largest Internet IPO on record. The amount was a placeholder used to calculate fees and may change. The combined U.S. and German debut of Infineon Technologies AG in 2000 totaled about $5.85 billion, making it the biggest technology offering in history.Facebook wants \"their brand identity associated with Nasdaq, where the leading pioneers in technology have listed,\" Philip Panaro, president and chief executive officer of IM2 Consulting LLC, said in a phone interview. He was an adviser to Nasdaq in the mid-1990s and to NYSE in 2004 and 2005. \"NYSE is still the Big Board and Nasdaq has more technology companies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551368", "title": "Christa Puran recitation in Marathi at Vile Parle church", "text": "MUMBAI: Known for moving people to tears, an ailing Avelino Dhakul (84) will sing songs on the passion and death of Jesus from the Christa Puran on Good Friday in Marathi for two hours at St Xavier's Church, Vile Parle.\"I love it when people tell me they came from places like Borivli and Dahisar only to hear me sing,\" says Avelino for whom singing the Christa Puran is a family tradition.According to Andrew Colaso, who runs the Thomas Stephens Academy in Vasai, the Christa Puran was written around 1616 by Thomas Stephens, a Jesuit missionary from England. \"The present version is by Francisco Vaz Guimaraes, who wrote the epic and published it in 1659 in Lisbon,\" he said.Prem Moraes, a member of Mumbai Gaothan Panchayat, is trying to popularize it by putting recordings of the puran on youtube.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12558046", "title": "Prakash Raj to direct again", "text": "Actor Prakash Raj is on his way to Bangkok to start shooting for director Puri Jagannath's movie \"Devudu Chesina Manushulu\". Admittedly, the actor has more than just acting on the agenda. He is hoping to begin working on the script of his next directorial venture as well. \"\"Off to bankok for 3weeks. Puri ravi n me Working together after a long time. will work on my next directorial script too. Till then cheerss! (sic)\", Prakash Raj tweeted before leaving. Now that is some multitasking indeed. Well, he is juggling between three big ticket productions - \"Dabangg2\", \"Devudu Chesina Manushulu\" and \"Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu\" - at the moment. With a schedule like that, guess you cannot help but multitask.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12552555", "title": "NRHM scam: Third chargesheet filed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Thursday filed the third chargesheet in the multi-crore National Rural Health Mission (NHRM) scam before a special court for alleged irregularities in purchase of computers and peripherals in Uttar Pradesh under the centrally sponsored scheme. The agency has charged the MD of Uttar Pradesh Public Sector Undertaking, Shreeton India Limited G K Batra; owner of Axis Marketing Virender Goel and owner of Radhey Shyam Enterprises Neeraj Upadhyay for criminal conspiracy, cheating and criminal breach of trust along with the Prevention of Corruption Act.The CBI has alleged that a loss of Rs 2.78 crore was caused to the exchequer in the purchase of 951 computers and peripherals under the NRHM scheme. This is the third chargesheet filed by the agency in connection with the alleged misuse of funds under the scheme.The CBI has alleged that Batra had released funds in advance to Axis India Ltd of Delhi and Radhey Shyam Enterprises of Lucknow even before tender bids were invited for the supply of computers.On Tuesday and Wednesday, the agency had filed two chargesheets in the alleged irregularities in the contracts related to the upgrade of 134 district hospitals in UP and supply of medical kits. However, no big names have figured in any of the three chargesheets so far.Sources said that former family welfare minister Babu Singh Kushwaha, who was arrested in March, would be chargesheeted soon. \"We are basically collecting evidence against him so that we have a watertight case in the court,\" said a source. In its FIR against Kushwaha, CBI had alleged that he played an important role in giving the contract to Surgicoin, causing a Rs 7-crore loss to the government exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12552221", "title": "SRISTI honours young inventors from across India", "text": "AHMEDABAD: From refrigerators that can warm water to wheel chairs that can climb stairs, innovative ideas from across the country were displayed at the campus of Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) on Thursday. The event was a part of handing out awards to best innovative ideas by Society for Research and Initiatives for Sustainable Technologies and Institutions (SRISTI).The competition called 'Gandhian Young Technological Innovation Awards', launched by SRISTI this year, received over 5,000 entries from students of 45 universities across the country. Out of these entries, 14 best ideas were awarded in three categories - Socially Relevant Technological Innovation Award, More-for-Less-for-Many Award and Technological Edge Award.While the competition received entries from 21 states in the country, a total of 3,000 entries were from Gujarat alone. Students from the state also proved their competitive edge by bagging six awards out of the 14. The six awards went to the students of Gujarat Technological University (GTU). While students of Pune University and Punjab Technological University got one award each, the other six awards went to students of various Indian Institutes of Technology.The event also had the presence of IIM-A faculty Anil Gupta , GTU vice-chancellor Akshai Aggarwal and National Innovation Foundation president R A Mashelkar who is also chairman of Global Research Alliance. Handing out the awards to the winning students, Mashelkar said, \"These awards play a very important role in reinforcing innovation in the country as they recognize the outstanding works and innovative ideas of the young minds and encourage them to continue further.\"Appreciating the innovations that were taking part at the competition, Mashelkar said that India must develop an ecosystem for nurturing innovations. He said that such a measure will mobilize development of frugal innovations and help people at the grassroots of the economy. He said that 550 million young people in India can certainly play a critical role in innovating ideas that can contribute in improving the life of people by solving their day-to-day problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551302", "title": "Builder in frame-up case named in fraud FIR", "text": "MUMBAI: Builder Rajendra Chaturvedi, who was framed in a case and arrested by the Juhu police in 2007, is now shown as a wanted accused in a cheating case registered by VP Road police station, though the complainant, Kantilal Jain, claims he did not level charges against the builder.The main accused, Girgaum resident Mangesh Mohite, was held on Thursday for taking Rs 18 lakh from Jain on the pretext of getting him a flat in a redevelopment project.According to the FIR, in 2007 Jain was looking to buy a flat in Girgaum when he met one Raju Choudhary, who introduced him to Mohite. Mohite was a tenant in a Mhada building being redeveloped by Chaturvedi. He often visited Chaturvedi's redevelopment site office.Jain said, \"I don't know why Chaturvedi has been named in the FIR. I will file an affidavit on Friday.\" Rajan Chavan, senior inspector of VP road police station, said, \"Jain said the deal took place in Chaturvedi's office. We will probe his role.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12551730", "title": "Sagar Kavach exposes chinks in city's armour", "text": "MUMBAI: A 36-hour drill to test Mumbai's coastal security showed not much has been learnt from 26/11. Despite a strong security cordon across the city's coastline during Operation Sagar Kavach, dummy 'intruders' managed to evade the cops at three points, though police nabbed them at five places in the city.The Indian Navy, Coast Guard and CISF along with the Mumbai and state police forces, conducted the multi-agency maritime security exercise off the Mumbai coast. During the operation, from 6am on Tuesday to 6pm on Wednesday, police stations with a coastal jurisdiction were asked to catch 'intruders' who tried to enter the city through boats.Police boats were deployed off the Arabian Sea, local fishermen were roped in and heavy nakabandi was enforced at various places. At several places like the Gateway of India, Bandstand and popular beaches, police turned away visitors or asked them not to venture deep in the water or the rocks. Senior police inspectors stayed put at their respective police stations during the operation to closely monitor the situation.Deputy commissioner of police Nisar Tamboli stated they successfully caught 'intruders' at five places, including Cuffe Parade, Sassoon Dock, Sewri and Bandra. Police declined to provide details of places from where the 'intruders' had entered. Senior Coast Guard officers too said they can not share operational details, adding they will send their report to the state police chief afterwards.Despite the strong security presence, sources said 'intruders' successfully passed by the Bandra-Worli sea link in a boat and stayed in the area for a while before landing at Mahim Causeway. Police allegedly failed to notice their presence throughout. However, Tamboli said, \"It was not an issue of success or failure, but just an exercise to test our co-ordination with other agencies.\"A lifeguard at a beach said, \"We continuously monitored the coastline along with the police for 36 hours. Some hotels on the beach were asked not to entertain guests and visitors were asked to clear the beach after sunset.\"In its recent report, the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India had mentioned the poor coastal security at Andhra Pradesh , stating many coastal police stations in that state were almost defunct with inadequate arrangements for maintenance of boats, lack of jetties, skilled manpower and training apparatus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12552788", "title": "436 deaths on tracks in 15 months", "text": "PUNE: Frequent appeals by railway administration urging people not to cross railway tracks seem to be falling on deaf ears in Pune division. Overbridges remain underutilized and people prefer to walk across the tracks. There have been 436 deaths on the railway tracks since January 2011 - 337 deaths in 2011 and 99 from January to March 2012.The railway administration caught 5,744 people in the last 15 months in Pune division an average of 382 people were booked every month for trespass.Railway authorities said crossing the tracks was dangerous and illegal. \"A person can be booked under section 147 the Indian Railways Act, 1989, for trespassing on railway property. It invites a fine of Rs 1,000 and imprisonment for a maximum period of six months,\" said an official.Public relations officer of Pune railway division Y K Singh said that people must use foot-overbridges (FOBs) or manned crossing gates. \"The Railway Protection Force has been conducting drives from time to time to prevent such mishaps. However, it is noticed that people try to save time by jumping on the tracks. Most mishaps on railway tracks take place between Pune and Talegaon,\" he said.According to the authorities, about 4,490 people were caught in 2011, while another 1,254 were caught between January and March, 2012 and Rs. 5.41 lakh has been collected in fines.Singh said stations like Shivajinagar, Khadki, Pimpri, Chinchwad and Talegoan have ROBs for passengers. The administration has also displayed sign boards at strategic points asking people to avoid walking across the tracks and warning them about the risk involved.Trespassing instances have resulted in high number of accidents and deaths on railway tracks in Pune division. As many as 436 persons lost their lives on tracks on Pune-Lonavla-Loni and Pune-Nira sections in last 15 months according to the Government Railway Police. This means 29 people died on tracks in Pune jurisdiction every month since January 2011. While some deaths were due to trespassing, others were suicides.GRP official said that fatalities were the highest near Pune because of the population residing near the tracks. Officials said that continuous actions are initiated against those violating rules, but a watch on every person walking on tracks is impossible.Commuters' organizations are concerned about deaths on tracks. Hemant Tapale, executive president of Pune-Mumbai Pravasi Sangh, said, \"The Railways must intensify their campaign against trespassing. The administration should initiate steps to repair broken walls and fences known as spots for trespassing. Overbridges at every station and will restrict passengers from walking on tracks.\"At a glance* Crossing gates in Pune division: 186* Unmanned level crossings: 42* Level crossings to be eliminated: 5* Cases booked against trespassers: 5,744 since January 2011* Fine collected: Over Rs. 5.41 lakh* Deaths on tracks between Lonavla-Pune-Nira and Pune-Loni section : 436 in last 15 months* Major reasons of deaths: Trespassing and falling from trains", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-06"}
